Hello, everyone! And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role One-Shots, where we have taken over the slot of "No Survivors" this Monday thanks to the illustrious generosity of the fantastic Ivan Van Norman. I like it when Ivan tells me it's okay for me to "take his slot." The way he says it. But yeah, so this evening we have the fantastic pleasure of running a one-shot game of Pathfinder, which, for those of you who haven't played, Pathfinder is a fantastic fantasy RPG, it's actually what we played for the first two years of Critical Role. And tonight we get to show a fun story that we've put together for this series of players here, as well as show off the really cool software Syrinscape, which I mentioned a few times in the show, I use it to organize a lot of the music and sound cues for Critical Role, we get to show you some more of what it's capable of tonight outside of my custom settings, this is what the actual setup itself can do, which is phenomenal. So, super excited to back that. Before we get started, let me go ahead and introduce our fantastic players for this evening. We have on the table to my left, we have Ivan, who you've already seen thus far, Ivan Van Norman, hello. Thank you for joining us. Yay! We have Marisha Ray from Critical Role. And to the other table, we have Taliesin Jaffe from Critical Role. And our very two special guests joining us this evening, Ashly Burch-- And Phil Lamarr! Which, to let you guys know, tonight's game is going to be interesting because unlike a lot of other fantasy RPGs, tonight the whole party is goblins. Everyone are playing goblins, we'll go ahead and do some quick introductions as to who you're playing, starting clockwise back from how we were introduced. So, Phil, who are you playing as? Ashly, who are you playing? Delightful. Taliesin? Aw, this is going to be fun. Marisha. Oh, man. I'm already excited. And Ivan. Perfect! This will be a fun adventure for the evening. So we've got to go through a couple quick announcements here and then we'll overview the game stuff. So for those watching, I want to remind you that this Thursday is Critical Role's 50th episode. We're having a special episode to commemorate this, a couple of surprises that we have in store for you guys, so definitely be there at Thursday at 700pm Pacific to check out our 50th episode. Marisha, you have a new episode of Signal Boost tomorrow-- And having already seen it, this episode has my favorite intro so far. I laughed for five solid minutes straight, so you'll enjoy it. Indeed. So part of this whole event tonight, with the folks at Pathfinder, Paizo, and Syrinscape, is in celebration of the upcoming International Tabletop Day! (cheering) Yes! It's going to be great. It's going to be great. Children who have been bricked into walls! It's horrible! And if you'd like to plug what usually occupies this spot on Mondays...? That's fantastic. Do it. Check it out, guys. It's pretty fantastic. So, another cool thing about having Paizo, the folks from Pathfinder here, is we have a bunch of giveaways to give out throughout the evening to all you guys in chat. First off, you guys can go to paizo.com/goblins, and store.syrinscape.com/geek to get 25% off a number of their goblin goods and stuff as part of tonight's promotional thing. Go check it out, a lot of cool things there to grab. But throughout the evening we'll be giving away small giveaways that include Pathfinder Core rulebook pdfs in chat, the "Burnt Offerings Adventure" pdf, the soundset from Syrinscape that accompanies the "Burnt Offerings Adventure," and one grand prize winner tonight will get a whole bunch of stuff that includes the Core book, the Monster Codex, the "Inner Seas Races," the "Burnt Offerings," the "We be goblins" set, the goblin promo figure, the town square flip mat, goblin bank, goblin plush, a whole bunch of crazy stuff. So, big old grand prize for one of you guys out there, so make sure you're engaging. Anyway. Now that that's over with-- For tonight's game, you guys will be playing goblins, of course. I'll go over the story here in a moment, but things to consider part of tonight's fun is, at certain points during the story, if you roll really crappily on a roll, or you want to get that extra action in, you're doing good and you want to get that extra attack or extra ability, each of you have constructed and have at your disposal a goblin song that is custom to your character. You may choose to sing this song out loud on the stream and doing so will gain use of that reroll or that extra action. Use it sparingly, it's only once in a while, possibly a once-a-night type circumstance. But I'm exci-- (burps) pardon, I'm excited to hear all of your individual songs as we progress. It's how it's the reaction, I get nervous, guys. Great. So, that being the case, let's go ahead and get this show on the road. Here in the Sandpoint Hinterlands, nestled in the western side of the Devil's Platter Mountain Range, there lies the Bird-Cruncher Tribe of rather rambunctious goblins known for their deft trapping skills, having earned their name and the majority of their food supply by snaring wild birds and eating them raw. You five have grown up together here among the caves and cliffs over the past six years, outliving many of your other brethren, making you tough. Although most of you were the runts, discarded as weak and useless, you were all taken in and raised within your cages, which is how most goblins are raised, by the sagely Guffeye. An ancient goblin oracle of nearly 30 years of age, who enjoyed the idea of having her own troop of personal guardians, she shouts that she is touched by the sight of Zogmugot, Lady Last-Breath and the goblin hero-god of flotsam and scavenging, though many of her visions have led to grave misfortune and her favor within the tribe has waned. But you guys believe her! Mostly. This cold, overcast autumn morning rolls in, and the five of you are returning from a morning snare run, when you hear the sound of crackling shouts from old Guffeye's crag porch. "Come! Come! "The dream! The sight! Come!" And she darts back into her little cave hole. Entering her home, the familiar smell of pungent spices and rotting wood hits your nose, and this hoarder hole of a home is crammed to the brim with driftwood, molded leather, metal scraps, torn hides, broken pottery, all sorts of other beautiful pieces of junk. Nostalgia comes over you as you glance at the empty iron cages you once grew up in, now partially buried and filled with wet wool. As you guys enter, old Guffeye steps onto a small box and turns, her snow-blind eyes clouded and bulging above her toothy grin "My runts! The Lady gifts "Guffeye. The wait is broken! I have a vision once more. A thing, a great thing was shown to Guffeye, "in both these eyes a stone of crack and thoom! A rock that barks like the storm! This rock, this "stone, Guffeye must have! This Guffeye must get! You! You must get this stone, bring it to me, for "the Lady's blessing." "I already like you the best--" "--but I will like you twice best." "Well, I awoke this morning, envisioning just how much more I like Piglet than the rest of you--" "Silence!" "Upon brewing my morning thatch tea, the vision struck my face! I dropped it, it shattered, "in a beautiful clattering of broken pottery, and I saw before me a reminder that today is a special "day. The sun. The sun rise highest in the sky! Today is the day of the human festival in "Sandpoint-- filthy, stupid human festival! The Lady showed me a man. A man in blue, blue "everywhere, in robes, a church man." (spits) (spitting) "Zaan-- Zantos." "Guffeye saw the people around the churchman at this festival-- the churchman has the storm "rock on him!" "So. Go to this Sandpoint. Go to this human festival. Find this blue-skinned, blue-robed "church-man and take the stone for Guffeye, yes?" "The Lady also showed me other goblins know." "Stupid, stupid Seven-Tooth tribe also wants stone, going to city now!" "You go. Sneak in! Find churchman! Take storm rock before Seven-Tooth dumb-dumbs! Bring "back to Guffeye, get blessing-- and good meal, promise." "This I can provide." "Piglet, you're now second most favorite." "Bring me stone, become first favorite!" "Now go! Time is wasting!" (laughs) As you guys exit the cavern, you go to your various hidey-holes, gather all your materials, your weaponry, whatever things you think you may require on this journey. You know that the direction is northwest, past the Ravenroost mountain pass, towards this town of Sandpoint, and that is where your path lies. The clouds begin to gather overhead at this point in time. A gentle rain slowly begins to hit down from the sky above. Depends on who's the best leader to find their way there. I guess-- I would like for you to make a survival check, as the leader of his group. Well, whoever one is leading. Well, we'll say you let (laughs) you let him lead for a while. As you start heading northwest, as you begin to pass the south part of the Ravenroost mountain pass, you're led into a relatively thick patch of very, very painful bramble thicket chunk. And the most painful path does manage to deal two points of damage to all of you as across your flesh being dragged through the bramble thicket. Until eventually Snizzler decides to rise up in frustration and take over the leader position. Go ahead and make your survival check. So? Well done! Wading deeper and deeper into the bramble thicket, now under the guidance of Snizzler. You all take an additional one point of piercing damage as you're scratching your way through. The rain intensifies, starting to echo through the mountain ranges in the distance, the storm appears to be getting relatively stronger. However, during this travel the rain that is washing down the side of the mountain does lead you to a position of the thicket that isn't quite so heavy, and eventually you guys make your way outside of the immediate physical danger of the terrain. At which point, a large bolt of lightning hits a tree maybe about 20 feet off from you, sending sparks flying, the tree bursts into flames and tumbles onto the ground. I need-- You've done a few loops in the area-- Did anybody else want to try and lead this expedition? All right, Mezek. All right. And with this, Mezek, for as far as goblin franticness is concerned, manages to medicate himself with various alcohols to a state of concentration, pushes forward deeper into the forest, against your better judgement. But in doing so, stays out from the rainfall, manages to avoid a lot of the lightning storm which is now blowing over the southern portion of the mountain range and leads you guys, over the next couple hours, through a bit of a muddy, sloshy forest terrain towards the outskirts of the actual town. Oh no, it's about mid-day now, it's pushing-- you're pushing into, like, the early afternoon at this point. You've lost a few hours on your journey. All right, guys-- Following Mezek's path, you eventually make your way through the forest, alongside the southern side of the Lost Coast Road, coming upon the edge of the trees, to the Tyrandarock River. It surrounds the town of Sandpoint itself and encompasses it. It's a port town that's set on the ocean, and this river surrounds the outskirts of it. So you find the edge. You hit the muddy banks of this river, and looking across you can see now the actual city proper. Sure. As you guys glance from the flash-- It's okay. You see the bolt of lightning strike a distant watchtower on the far side of the city that has a rod specifically to pull these types of things out of the way. Glancing over, I'll have you guys roll a perception check if you could. Everybody go ahead and roll perception. Marisha? All right, so we got two 17s here, from you guys. Al right, so as you guys are glancing about, you can see the city before you and it generally loses most interest to all of you, especially Mezek, who, while your direction sense has been great today, once you get to the actual location of your intent, you've lost all interest and you're playing in the mud. The thick clay on the side of the river smeared on your face. Okay. Now you're not sure if it was mud because it spooked you a little. So, the two of you glance over and you can see there are two bridges that lead to the city itself that go over, but both of them look extremely heavily guarded. You have two passes of three sets of guards that walk back and forth, armed with crossbows. You guys do-- As the midday rain is still pouring down and it's causing the surface of the river to spatter, you can see there's a little bit of what would have been a morning marine fog that's been burning off since it went out there so it's no longer really at your disposal. However, you two do notice, right across the river against the bank before it rises up to the top of the city itself, you see, barely visible, the outside of a metal grate. Some sort of a subterranean sewer or tunnel system that is sealed shut across the way. It's a good, say, 80 to 100 feet across that river right now and it does have quite the current to it, probably because the rain's been pouring for most of the morning. Smart one here, doing the math. What do you want to do to get there? It's up to you guys. You don't have to. Yes. It has started. The game has indeed started. Yes, for you, I need you to make a reflex saving throw. So go ahead and roll a d20 and add your reflex. You rolled a 19? You go and (raspberry noise) begin to spew grease from the outside of your goblin staff-- Piglet, however, a little ball of anger and muscular rage, instead darts out of the way, slamming into the side of the sandbank that you are currently playing in the mud and clay with, causing that to collapse partially onto you. You are now partially buried under the clay. And what little bit of your head is pointing out is now being sprayed with grease. Looking, there's about six to each bridge that you can see. It's hard to say. A town full of people-- make an intelligence check. Go ahead and roll a d20. Natural one. What? Ten altogether? Okay. So you know humans. You know them pretty well. And they're tall, but they're pretty weak. There's a lot of them on these bridges. That's a lot of really, really weak things. Conversely, in the sewer, who knows what's in there? There's filth, there's scavenging pieces, and possibly dirty humans. So it's up to you. Do you want to go out in a delightful goblin blaze of glory? Or do you want to go out in a delightfully messy goblin blaze of glory? Sure, make a survival check. Okay, it takes you guys the better part of about 30 minutes or so as you find things in the nearby edge of the woods. You start pulling up the bits of clay and sand that you were buried under as something caught your foot, and it was a bit pointy but you found a chunk of driftwood that looks to have made its way there. I would like you all to make a stealth check, as you are now having to dart in and out of the forest to find material. Plus 20?! Goblins! Oh my god. Okay! You guys deftly, running back and forth along the bank of river, grabbing what you can out of the sand and the dirt, apparently entirely unnoticed as there even is a series of guards that come by, four of them, that just walk on past. One of them you swear stared into the forest right at you and went-- "Hey, Steven! Did you leave some gnomes out here? Stupid gnomes." And they keep on walking past. "Wait, I want some garden gnomes!" And he comes back in. "Nah, they look filthy. All green. "From the mold. Stupid garden gnomes." And he keeps going. So you've crafted this "raft". It's less of a raft and more of a pool noodle buoy thing. This is less like Tom Hanks in Castaway, more Gollum in the river. You guys are having to hold on and move across. However, as you push it into the water, it is buoyant and it does seem to carry you. The current does tend to push it, so you guys are going to have to guide it across the current. If I could have you all make a swim check. Five? 17, okay. So you guys are pushing along. The three of you are back to back, feels like goblin power, getting in there. You glance over your shoulder and see the two of them going, (yelling). IVAN and As part of the screaming echoes out, you hear someone in the distance go, "D'you hear that?" Okay. You guys stop moving and the current carries you, and you slowly begin to rotate in the water and you're being rained on in the face. And you see a couple guards look as you drift under the bridge on the far left side of where you entered and they look down and go, "Man, they'll "throw away anything these days. Perfectly good piece of wood." As it drifts under the bridge, you guys have a moment to go ahead and try and push to shore. Go ahead and roll swim checks again. Haha! It's okay. So as you're pushing there, you're making headway, except for the fact that Snizzler is going like, (yelling) and pushing your heads under, trying to climb out of the water. As the splashing and chaos hits, you guys (impact noise) hit the sandbank on the other side of the river. You have managed to cross it primarily. I want both of you guys to roll initiative to see who gets to the vomit first. What did you get? You guys both-- And with that, Mezek grabs a hand scoop up of this crusted sand-- Puts it in the jug. Closes it off. At which point you hear another voice say, "Did you hear laughing? I'm going to go check." And you hear a number of footsteps coming your way. Okay. What kind of sound are you producing? On the direction of...? Okay. So, at this point you guys watch as Grizznak spins around, points his staff forward, and quite a ways away you hear this boisterous (indistinct drunk storytelling) start blasting from the opposite side of the bridge, up near the rocks that begin to meet the base of the city's foundation. The footsteps shift and you hear them going across the wood planks above you on the bridge, in the direction that he set. Now is your time to go ahead and dart for the grate on the outside of the sewer. Go ahead and roll stealth checks, all you guys. 23? Jesus! You vanish from time and space! You have a fifth-dimensional goblin on your team now. Okay. You guys, darting through the rain, using the edge of the rocky-- You get to the grate, and there is indeed Browntooth sitting there picking his teeth with one of his blades. Piglet, go ahead and make a strength check. Roll and add your strength modifier. 25! With one hand, Piglet, holding the hammer in one hand, grabs the grate, spins it in place, sending rust and metal sparks, and throws it behind her, (sploosh). At which point you hear the howl of distant wind and the droplets of condensation within the depths of this sewage system beckoning to you as an entry portal to this city. Secretly, privately, and hopefully to wherever this festival is happening where you can gather this "Storm Rock." Okay. Good to know. You guys step your way inside the sewer. The slick stone structure of it has lots of residue buildup from various minerals that have come through, as well as various degrees of wastewater that have found their way to the river. The smell is horrible for anyone but you guys. It's a familiar scent. As you make your way inside-- I'd say about 100 feet in as you're going through the darkness here-- but you guys can see fine in the dark, this is goblin speciality. Go ahead and make a perception check. All right. Glancing about, you do see a cluster of some sort of an egg sac that is pushed up into the corner along the curved rotation of this duct. It's roughly the size of a large melon. And it twitches-- As you're looking up at it, (fwoosh) it bursts into flames. You go and glance and the slight tiny series of squeaks you hear as the hundreds of tiny spider young have burned to their end. There is a nice waft of cooked scent that hits your nose. And the rumbling in your tummy takes over, as you guys all leap in at once, grabbing small chunks of what you can. We learned a very valuable lesson this evening. Tumblr, get on that. You did this, Phil. You did this. Progressing forward for the next couple hundred feet into this slick sewer, making your way along embankments where bits of clutter, broken sticks, chunks of wayward stone and mortar pieces that have washed down here have built these small half-walls of junk that have mucked up the side. Okay. You guys walk forward until (explosion) you all glance over your shoulder real fast-- Go ahead and roll an attack. 14, okay. You turn around real fast as a piece of rock that is set loose from this small firecracker explosion, whips through the air and you punch it with your fist. Go ahead and roll damage. With that, you turn this piece of mildewed, slimy, sewage-encrusted stone to dust as it (poof) in front of you. Holding your fist as it shakes there quivering, your eyes open. Any buzz you may have carried from your morning alcohol has waned for now and you are far more awake and conscious-- with a mild headache. The path does split here now and divides to the right and left. To see...? Sure, go for it. Piglet, you're the instinctual tracker. Most goblins hunt with traps, you hunt with teeth. So you get down and (sniffing) begin getting into the muck and pushing it aside. Less than a visual perspective here, you can smell that the bulk of the waste that comes through here comes from the left path. That probably means more waste, means more people. All right, so you guys-- (laughs) you charge forward here-- No, you had to smear it on your teeth a little. Pushing forward, you guys travel another 80 or so feet before you come onto a large series of waterfalls that run into a central open cesspool area that is down below this path. The actual path diverts and goes around this central tunnel before it continues in a singular direction as the water is pouring in. Make a perception check. Okay. You look down into the cesspool and hock a loogie to see how far it goes down. (splash noise) You glance up and you can see there is some sort of a large, heavy grating that most of the water is pouring down from. You're not quite-- looks like a lot of the rainwater runoff from the city itself. However, you do notice a glimmer from what little bit of light that is bouncing through from the surface and your goblin eyes catch this little glimmer in the corner and you glance over and instinctually run towards it. You go ahead and take a look. You find a hefty well-made human shortsword. What did you roll? What was the total on your perception check again? 25. You take this and the blade is perfectly clean. This place is filthy. This blade is perfectly clean, and as you glance over underneath the waterfall you see another glimmer. Both of you guys make initiative checks right now. So as you see this and you glance over out of the corner of your eye, you see Piglet. Her eyes go wide and both of you have that immediate knowledge of "me first". You both dart off around two different sides of this cistern and starting to get there. However, Piglet, you get there first and immediately leap towards this shiny. And the shiny is bigger than you expected. Is it a five-pound maximum? You go ahead and cast Mage Hand towards that shiny and pull and (grunts) it's a little heavier than you can pull. You get there and you grab on to it. What you notice as you get there is a set, a full set, of a breastplate armor. Human size, giant breastplate with some shoulder pauldrons and a human ribcage on the inside of this breastplate. You smell it. Marrow hasn't been tapped yet. You can. It's pretty big, yeah. You could sleep in it. So you grab the ribcage, break off a couple ribs, start gnawing on them, sucking the marrow out. You do notice, getting there and inspecting, the ribcage is white. It is clean as well. You can see, upon close look as she is gnawing, not even paying attention, you see these little teeth marks on it like rats have come through here and there. Overall, the bone is perfectly clean. The armor itself is spotless, looks like it's been perfectly polished. You could try and pull scrap from it if you wanted to try and scavenge pieces of the metal. Could certainly try that if you want to, yes. Okay. I will say for this-- you know what, go ahead and make a survival check on this to try and-- 12. You manage to (grunt) for a minute, with some help from a couple other of the goblins, pull one of the pauldrons off. You take it and-- Based on your combat aesthetic, it's not going to be much of a help to you. Sure. The armor? Yeah. Go for it. The armor itself does not appear to have a magical essence to it. In fact, a close look-- it's pretty close to the design of armor the guards were wearing on the actual bridge itself. It's just completely polished down here in the middle of a dank sewer. It's delightful decoration. It's about 40 feet up from you guys. The path continues across the cistern deeper into the city. Beyond the cistern, the tunnel continues after it converges. Who's leading this expedition now? Piglet, go ahead and roll perception. 19, okay. All righty, so as you go-- as you put your new shiny hat on and begin stepping forward across where the paths converge. You-- big, knees forward, stomping steps and you put your head forward and stop as there's a distortion in the air before you. And you breathe out, "huh?" and it (wobbling noise) quivers. You make a perception check. 14. You pull her aside. There's nothing visible in the air before you. You're wondering why she stopped, and as you step forward, you hit something. At which point you guys watch as you suddenly notice there is a large cube-like creature made of some quivering gelatinous material. As Grizznak is slowly being pulled into it. Everyone roll initiative. You can certainly try here. We'll see how this works out for you. All right, so initiative rolls here. Oh man. All right, all right. So initiative orders, we have 20 to 15. What'd you get? Grizznak, what did you roll? It will happen, every time. All right, so as you watch Grizznak sucked into this giant creature, you see it shifting and (squelching sounds). Top of the round is Browntooth. Browntooth, what do you want to do on your turn? All right, go ahead and roll for attack. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. So you move up there. You can move five feet and do your second attack if you want to. You're close enough that you can attack with both. So what's the damage on the first one? Three damage. All right. 13 does hit. It has a very low armor class because it is a giant cube, so go ahead and roll damage. Nice. All right, so as you rush forward taking your five-foot step and attack with your first goblin cleaver, you slice through part of its form, then slice through with your second one. As you cut each time you can see it leaves a giant opening and you cut a wedge out that (slurping noise) slops onto the ground and turns into a slowly liquefying piece of water. The section that you cut out begins to slowly reform but, however, it does lose the mass that you cut of it. So it appears to be having some sort of impact. That finishes your turn, Browntooth. Mezek, you're up. However, actually real fast. 'Cause this is part of the fun of it. Nope, actually, you're good. You're up, Mezek. Sorry, keeping track of the rules for the creature. I haven't used gelatinous cube in so long. Technically, you were. Okay. Go ahead and roll for the attack. 16 hits. Go ahead and roll damage for the fist. What is the save DC? 14. It rolls a 14 plus-- Plus nine, yeah. This cube is unaffected by your tiny goblin-- It does. Wob, wob, wob, wob. (laughter) So I'd say you moved into there. You going to stay where you are? Okay, so you step back. It does get an attack of opportunity as you move back. Its giant pseudopod shoots out towards you. That's a 12. What's your armor class? No, this is a general one. 18? Yeah, as it (whoosh) out towards you, you duck low with your quick goblin reflexes. Awesome, that ends your turn. Piglet, what do you want to do? Okay. (laughter) 20 plus seven. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Also, Grizznak, I need you to roll a constitution save. Sorry, a constitution base saving throw, fortitude save. Well, no. It should say, your second attack down, is during raging. All right, there you go. 14 points of damage as your hammer comes down. Wham! Hitting it, stopping an inch from the edge of Grizznak's face as he turns and watches from inside. The whole thing shakes from the impact. You do. 19. That hits again. Go ahead and roll for your bite damage. As you go in and bite a chunk out of this giant gelatinous mass like it's dessert. Yeah, so roll a d6 and divide by two. Yeah, so that would be two. Two plus? Two plus three. So you do five points of damage. Giant goblin maw bites into the side, once again near Grizznak's face. As you pull a bit away, immediately as you pull back, the rage is in you, you don't really notice the fact that your mouth has gone tingling and you've lost all sensation in your mouth. As you blah, drools out. As she talks, her lips are numb. It's like blah, blah, blah. (laughter) Grizznak, did you roll your fortitude save? 11. Okay. Okay, you are currently paralyzed for eight rounds. MARISHA and Being engulfed by this entity, it's actually caused all of your muscles to lock up. And you feel that same tingling sensation as you glance over and all the little hairs that might be protruding on your body dissolve. And part of your skin begins to peel away. All right, so finishing Piglet's turn, that comes to you, Snizzler. What are you going to do? No. No. He is fully engulfed by the entity right now. You are right there. By the way, this is the opening. This drops down about 20 feet and the water is pouring into that, right behind you. So be careful where you're stepping. You can, if you want to. You want to go with it? So you take a step forward, you-- Okay, so you're going to step into there. So you watch as this haphazard piece of metal shrapnel that's been matted together with pig feces and twine, goes (sticking noise). And is now right in front of you as you see a little fuse going (sizzling). Are you going to stay right there? So it would probably be one, two, three. We'll put you there. As you do that and pull back, another giant pseudopod goes (whoosh) out towards you and slams into the stone next to you, but you go, huh. That's the least of your worries, right now. As you pull back, there's an explosion sound as it bursts inside the cube. So I want you to go ahead and roll for an attack on this. Just for the purposes of this. 18, so yeah. This is a direct hit on the creature. So go ahead and do your firebomb damage to the cube. 15 points of fire damage as it bursts on the inside. You are paralyzed, cannot make a reflex saving throw, you take six points of fire damage from being in the blast radius of this thing. Oh. Good to know. So the actual cube is also on fire. Due to the blast radius-- Because of the size of your explosion too, because it is the ten-foot, I need both of you guys to roll reflex saving throws, if you could. Yep, d20, and add your reflex save. 16. It's half damage, right, for that, so both of you take three points of fire damage, as the blast radius of this sends chunks of this creature sticking to the ceiling and slopping down. You take none because you're a rogue. You're like partially out of it, right now, with the blast radius. But-- You're slightly exposed. It's partially exposed. And as you're there, going (muffled screaming), it (sucking noise, muffled screaming). Closing around you slowly. All right, that finishes your turn. Now it is your turn. You take two points of acid damage as it begins to slowly digest you from the inside. All right, so as you two are there right in front of it, the thing begins reforming the front of it, which is currently blown open from the bomb that Snizzler left in there. It begins to shift and slither towards both of you guys and intending to engulf you as well. I need you both to go ahead and make reflex saving throws. You don't know what the result is, but do you want to use your song now? What'd you get? Browntooth? Okay, you dart out of the way into the groove here as it moves forward. So as you duck, as it begins to shift forward, Piglet, in a moment of intensity, staring into the face of this for the first time, probably your entire life, you're like, I can die. What? What are you going to do? All right, go for it. What's your song? All right. Well done. So go ahead and reroll your reflex. The creature has now engulfed both Piglet and you get pulled up right next to it, jammed into the currently paralyzed Grizznak. I need you to go ahead and make a fortitude saving throw. And as you're pulled into it, trying to find your way through, you get pulled into the thing, and you feel like that same numb sensation all across. Which, by the way, your goblin song maybe missed a few vowels because of the blahlah, but the rest of your body begins to tingle and you begin to fight against it and your body won't move. Your body's paralyzed for six rounds. Jammed up against-- However, it does take another d6 points of fire damage from your bomb. So go ahead and roll that if you could. Four points of fire damage. All righty. All right, that brings us back to the top, Browntooth, you're up. You dodge to the side. You see it engulf-- It is. It moved this way and you sidestep and it's moving parallel to you. Okay. So you move-- A pseudopod swings out towards you but you-- it misses you entirely. As you dart backward with your crossbow loaded, you take aim and go ahead and fire. You've heard the term "couldn't hit the broad side of a barn"? Thankfully, this creature is the size of a barn. You manage to sink the bolt into it. Go ahead and roll damage. You feel a slight bit of pain at your back as a bolt nips you in the butt. But you can't do anything about it because you're paralyzed. Five points of damage. All right. You guys can see the creature's shaking and shimmering as it's moving forward. It's having a hard time keeping its form together, it's looking really rough as it's slowly dissolving your two friends. All right, that's going to go ahead and bring us to Mezek. No because you are sober-- You require a full round action to do flurry of bros. (laughs) You are two squares away from it, so in order to get into it you would have to do a full round action. Go for it. 13 hits, go ahead and roll damage. Seven points of damage-- How do you want to do this? Okay. You guys watch as Mezek goes batshit insane on this cube, smacks into the side, manages to hit a core of its form where some of the bones are floating inside from previous victims. Probably the shiny things you saw earlier, the person that once wore it, bits of them are floating inside. As it begins to collapse on itself like an order of cold flan and as it liquefies, part of it pouring into the cistern, the two of their bodies are starting to be pulled into the cistern with its form, unable to keep shape. Okay. You guys grab them, pull them out onto the side. The last bit of the flaming corpse of this cube sloshes into the cistern. You wait about another minute or so before you both get your bodies back. So as you're resting up from this, do you guys need to do anything to heal up a bit? No. This is Pathfinder, girl. Sure I'll let you do that, being the monk that you are. 20? And with that, with the various burn wounds on your body, from the acid that's burned away and parts of the actual burn damage you've taken from the explosion, Mezek rushes in and like the roughest masseuse you've ever seen-- I'd say for that, go ahead and heal four points due to the rhythmic massage of Mezek's rough and tumble goblin hands. Yes, yep that happened. No. However, make a perception check. 20. You have a jug, it's mainly sloshing water and grime, your usual-- what you like to sip on the way of your journey. Whatever you find along the way. You guys are into this whole scavenging thing. As you're thinking about this, ah, you didn't bring any alcohol, you smell alcohol. All of a sudden you guys watch as Mezek darts down the path-- As you dart ahead, you come to the edge, and you can see there the path continues for another 200 feet before it dips off, but you don't know quite where. But the scent is strong here and you look over and you can see the wall to your immediate right actually has a fissure in it. A part of it has cracked or a part of it has semi-eroded away. And you can see the very distant dark glimmer of something beyond it. Go ahead and make a strength check. Eight. You go and grab the stone, you lift your whole goblin body up on it and start pulling. You guys catch up and see Mezek fighting with this wall and making no headway whatsoever. (laughs) Okay, so you guys are just like double-pulling on it. You make a strength check as well. Go ahead and roll an attack against the wall. Well, go ahead and roll damage because you hit the wall. Outside of a critical fail, you're fine. Yes, a normal d10 plus-- you're not raging, so that would be a plus four. Five points of damage. As you guys are pulling, the hammer comes down as Piglet smashes into the side of this wall. The stones crumble inward and you both go flung forward into the darkness, tumbling over each other before you both (impact noise) against the wall, slowly slide down. As you look around, you're inside this darkened chamber. Glancing around you, first off you immediately notice that there is a heavy smell of alcohol in this room. Which, as you guys are getting hungry, you look around this chamber you're in, you see a sack of moldy grains, small containers of salts and spices, dried meats that are put on racks against the wall, casks and bottles of wine, and ale all throughout this-- You guys go nuts! Devouring everything, grabbing at meat, filling your bellies. You'd be welcome to fill your jugs with alcohol-- Do you clear out your jug first, or are you just going to add to it? All right, cool. For the circumstances here, you heal one hit point from the food-- I will say, if you want to go ahead and tear into that moldy grain, that might heal you a little more, but it looks like your stomach might have a rough time with it. Do you want to go for it? You get on top of that moldy grain, you tear into it, you destroy it-- As you go ahead and focus over on the wall, you hear this rumbling in your stomach. Go ahead and roll a fortitude saving throw. Well, the good news is you heal three additional hit points as your goblin metabolism takes in the horrible, moldy grain. The downside is, you then vomit up all the moldy grain, and you lose the hit points. Okay. Secretly, so nobody else sees it, or-- Make a sleight-of-hand check. (laughs) As everyone else is marveling themselves at this display of goblin gluttony, you step backwards and somehow in the process of giving your fellow goblins a little bit of a head nod, you have managed to fill all of your pouches and pockets with every single piece of meat on that wall. It goes from full to empty in a second, and no one's the wiser. You got like saddle bags filled with food right now and no one seems to have noticed. As you guys are finishing this mountain of goblin gluttony, we're going to go ahead and take a quick break here, we'll be back here in a few minutes. All right. We'll be right back. [break] Okay. You gather a couple of bottles of wine. You, not really being able to read the labels, gather what seems to be alcoholic and functional. All right. While this is happening, does anyone want to do anything else here? Okay. You roll around in it and you feel like it'll give you sufficient protection against a light wind. You can hear the footsteps and what sounds like voices from upstairs. There is a ladder in the far edge of this room that leads up to a trap door, and when the trap door is closed, you can hear what sounds like the occasional chuckle, voices that are muffled through the wood. It appears that there is an actual tavern above you on street level that has a handful of patrons in it. Sure. Ten. I mean, there's the path. You can keep going or there's the tavern. Which as a note, you guys currently have no idea where in this city you are. You're just in the sewers. Okay. You guys climb outside of the section of the broken wall and continue down the path. (chuckles) Okay. Okay. You see the flare begin to slowly cause an ember to burn at the edge of a burlap sack of some spices in the corner. All right. You guys continue to walk down this pathway in the sewage system for about another 100 or so, 150 feet. It slowly pinches into about a five-foot-wide tunnel. You guys can stand shoulder-to-shoulder, two at a time at your goblin size to get across. And the little bit of water that is coming through here from the rain runoff from some of the upper grate areas that are pouring in, it seems to be running to the edge. And you stumble a ways ahead before you find out that there, that drop-off that you noticed, you come up to it and it is indeed a drop-off. You glance down and the walkway you're at ends abruptly around a large cylindrical cistern-type chamber. Probably a good 80 feet across and about 80 feet down, further than your vision can really see. You don't see a bottom of it. You see (water falling). You spit out the loogie. Make a perception check. You get so caught up with the flow of the loogie that you keep leaning forward further and further trying to figure it out as your heels lift up. You guys watch as Grizznak suddenly tips forward and goes over the edge. This would be a straight up, I would say, dexterity. Go ahead and roll a dexterity check on this one to see if you can be fast enough to grab. Oh, you're not helping. You're watching. 20, okay. Piglet reaches forward and goes over, too. As they both begin to tumble over the edge, you grab and you both slip forward. The three of you manage to grab the back of Piglet and pull her up and slowly, you guys get back up into the tunnel. No, no, no. Piglet managed to grab the very back of Grizznak and pull him back up. Grizznak, you're really frustrated because you swear you were this close to seeing when that thing would drop before you got pulled up. Okay. Make a perception check. You glance upon the sides of the stonework on the inside of this giant cylindrical cistern that leads up to the where all the water's pouring in from. Glancing about, there are very, very sparsely set stones that are slightly more protruding than the rest. You gather they could be leapt from stone to stone, if one is so interested in being a good climber. So there is a way, yeah. Mezek ties the rope around. Who gets the other end of the rope? Okay. Piglet, you have one side of the rope now. Okay. Because there isn't a lot of-- Roll a strength check. 12. So you swing him around once before you realize that, because you're up against a wall there's not a whole lot of space and (impact) into the stonework. You take one point of bludgeoning damage, hitting the side as he slips down and then is now dangling and you can pull him back up. There's a big gap in Mezek's grin as a tooth is now missing from that. Looking across the way, you can see there is another opening, 80 feet across. You can try. Extract. Okay. What is normal-sized Snizzler shrinks down to about half the size now. Voice is higher, appearance is ridiculous. You guys now all can't help but chuckle at this. Snizzler, you immediately regret this decision. A natural 20? So you take this tiny goblin, lick your grimy finger, feel the wind, point Sir Ruth style and shotput. Snizzler arcs forward, much farther than you expected. Overward, you see in the distance-- rope not attached, by the way. Over. It comes up and you can see, you may or may not be close enough to the ledge, oh god, it's right there before you. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check in the middle of the air to try and maneuver yourself in the air to catch-- 12. It's up to you. If you want to let it go. You can sing your song and go for a reroll. Go ahead and reroll that acrobatics check. So, Piglet. You had this. This isn't your fault. Stupid bomb goblin can't catch a ledge. But you like, you cross your arms and look around, just so everyone else understands that it wasn't you. (splashing) Into the water below. I do need you to make a swim check. So you're treading water and slowly making your way across this giant cistern, about 20 feet below where they are. You get halfway across, splashing. You guys see Snizzler trying to make her way over to where you guys are. Roll another swim check to try and make it the other half of the way. 13. You make your way up to the edge, like (grunting). You guys can look down now and you can just barely see outside of your darkvision here, you see Snizzler approach and is now treading water at the bottom of the cistern below you. Yeah. You go over and reach over and you grab a rock and pull onto it and pull your weight up and your fingers slip off of it. There is a slick liquid from general grime. Okay. The rope (thumps) into the water next to you. You grab onto it and the rest of you guys slowly pull Snizzler back up onto the entranceway. Currently, it is a dome, a smooth stone dome that then has three openings where the rainwater is pouring into currently and filling the bottom of the cistern. Okay. Go ahead and roll a climb check. 18. As you pull yourself up (grunting) and it is a slight curvature, so you're, like, hanging and holding onto it, but in true goblin Tom Cruise fashion, keeping a stern expression on your face. Makes sense. Hopping on the sofa. As you pull yourself up, tiny goblin feet dangling below, keeping your focus, Browntooth, you bring your way across the ceiling, carrying that rope in your grin. You get up to the edge of where the water's currently pouring into the cistern and it's moving past, I need you to roll another climb check to try and keep holding. Nine. Your fingers are starting to slip. You're starting to slip. Yeah. You know what, for a-- Yeah. Let's see if we can. What's the spell? This is Open? Yeah, there's no resistance to it. As you're slipping, slipping, all of a sudden the grate that contains the water opens and actually slams into your side, but you manage to catch onto it. It knocks the wind out of you, but you manage to hold on the edge. You catch your breath and you realize this is, first off, holding your weight, and second, there's a number of cross iron bars that are all welded together that would be a good place probably to tie the rope off. In climbing up the side of the grate, however, going on the other side, you are now fighting against the torrent of water so I need each of you to make a climb check. You don't have to, you can stay back in the sewers. We'll say for the sake of brevity here, an additional hour or so is spent perpetually retrieving your allies who keep getting all the way up and then (splash) right into the water. But you have to admire the tenacity. Okay, so you get your Ki point going. Eventually you guys make your way up past the flowing of water, which has slowed now, and that's probably how you're able to do it. Yeah. You make your way up into an upper sewage system, and you guys crawl through what is a much smaller series of pipes, to the point where you as goblins still have to crawl to make your way through. The sludge is thicker here and what little bit of rain is pouring through you manage to keep between your arms and legs. Eventually you find your way into the bottom of some sort of a chamber that is filled with apparently human waste. Okay. Like the finest of candles, it does catch fire and begins to burn slowly. It's not dry enough to catch-- we're having this conversation. It would need to be suitably dried out to work as proper fuel, but-- All right. Make a perception check. All right. While you're collecting your filthy prize, both Piglet and Grizznek, you guys look up and notice that there is a wooden or stone ceiling, but a singular opening above you. Like a circular hole. Make a perception check. You listen and you hear the muffled noises of conversation as well. It sounds like there are a few different voices, though they're behind a couple of walls from where you are. No. Okay. You cast Open. The opening is open. (laughter) As you pull yourself up out of it, in a wonderful medieval version of the Ghoulies VHS cover, you pull yourself out from-- Oh man, I couldn't go near toilets for years because of that movie cover at the VHS store. There you go. Glancing ahead, your Open spell missed, but did hit the front of the outhouse which has currently swung open in the mid-day, facing the window leading into the tavern that you guys nearly entered beforehand. Closes shut. However, it does appear to be nestled in an alleyway on the outside of it. It's a very thin opening. You didn't see any people actually in the alley. You saw the outside of a window and a street thoroughfare. All righty. So, as you-- Okay. Go ahead and roll a stealth check, if you could. All right. As you stumble into the shady alley, looking about, you glance over the side of the window real fast into the tavern, and you do see there are probably a dozen patrons in there. Some drinks being served, a guard at the door on the inside. However, looking to your left, there the alleyway spills out into a main street thoroughfare, and you can see people walking by, families with children. There's a general air of jovial energy to it, and some people are wearing flower crowns on their heads. You can see carts being put along the street. Seems like the festival you were told of, this terrible, human festival seems to be in full swing. Go ahead and make a survival check. You come out to the edge of the alleyway, glance about. First thing you notice is the sun in the sky. You were like "eh, it's probably mid-day-ish". No, it's pushing toward sunset now. You probably have another hour of sunlight. So you don't know how much longer this festival's going to be going. You spent quite a while getting here and wandering the sewers. Indeed. However, you notice that everyone is walking a certain direction. And, one, there are a number of carts that are going by. There are currently unmanned, closed carts that would be used to sell fruit and fish. This being a port town, fish is a big export here. And the alleyways that you came out of? There is a second alleyway that offshoots from where the outhouse is that goes between the buildings off the main thoroughfare. This is what you're able to gauge in your time out here. You glance over the window and look inside. One of the bar patrons, sitting by the bar, is this rotund-looking gentleman in his late 40s. Balding hair, a double chin, leaned forward on the bar, looking like he's ready to pass out from the amount of alcohol he's been drinking. He is in the inside of the tavern. He has a very long coat that drapes past the bar. Glancing in there, you see probably ten patrons altogether. You do not have Penumbra because he cast it on her, right? Or is it a once at a time thing, or can you do multiple people? We'll say, for the time being, it affects both of you. It's fine. Using the shadows around you, it's getting late. The angle of the sun, shadows are not too hard to find. Roll stealth checks, all three of you, as you make your way along the side, darting between barrels and trying to find a way into the tavern from the window, other than the front door. Woo! You guys duck behind every single possible piece of discarded material, empty crates and boxes, barrels that are available. You jump at certain times, following the lead of Browntooth. You manage to find your way through the thoroughfare to an entrance to the kitchen on the side of this tavern. The door is partially ajar. You look in and there is one person manning the kitchen. You see this poor, older woman, who is in the process of running around with four things burning and is like, "There's too many! I hate festivals! Coming!" She's not paying attention to the door right now. You could try. She seems largely distracted. You guys, with your current stealth, not an issue. You make your way through the kitchen unnoticed. You make your way into the tavern proper. You can see a handful of patrons around a table playing cards, talking to each other. You hear a couple of them. One person's like, "Stupid tradition. I'm just going to stay here and drink until I care." Takes a big old sip. Somebody on the other side of the table goes, "Speeches every year, speeches! Father "Zantas has shown that religion has no sense of brevity!" You see this other guy at the far end table gets up, "And what about you, Zed?" And slaps the shoulder of the guy who has the large coat on. He's leaning forward and goes, "At least the meals were good. I'm probably going to skip "out on the consecration. I've no stomach for prayer these days." He's face down on the bar right there. "Oh, Zed! That'll be me in an hour." He goes and sits down at the table. There's just the barkeep at the bar who's close. Everyone else is at the table now at the card game and Zed is passed out at the bar. What are you going to do? No, he's not wearing blue. He's wearing a dark, muddy brown color. All right. The three of you guys going into this tavern area. Go ahead and roll stealth again. Cannot roll perception for NPCs today at all. You guys dart under one table, wait for a moment, the barmaid walks by, dart under another table. You're chaining your way across this room between these men. Eventually, finding your way right to the outside of this passed-out Zed whose arm drifts and hangs loosely to his side. His body is half against the bar and is a good two minutes from slumping directly onto the ground and off his stool. The barkeep is like, "You okay, Zed?" Pokes him a little bit. "He's all right." Goes back to cleaning a mug. Yeah, you're just waiting. (creaking) (slamming) You can only see the coat on him right now because it's a long trench coat. What do you throw? There is a shelf of bottles. Mezek, you pull out your goblin jag star, which is essentially the equivalent of a shuriken, but it's carved out of pieces of odd, rusted metal that had been tied together. It's more of a cluster of broken whatever you found from a wagon wheel that was busted weeks ago, but you throw it as a ranged weapon. Roll an attack. 20. A bottle shatters and sprays across the back of the barkeep who's like, "Hey, what the "hell is that?!" He seems currently distracted. The three of you together make sleight of hand checks right now as you rush up to try and pull this off. This is probably me, sorry. So you guys aren't trained in it, so this is going to be a basic roll, adding your dexterity modifier. Okay, you're all above a ten with two high rolls, that's good. You all leap up real fast, grab his coat, and pull it off of him before anyone seems to notice. You glance, and there is a belt pouch there. Roll another sleight of hand check. This is another sleight of hand. 15. Okay! You snatch it and all of a sudden you hear a voice from the front door go, "Hey, "what's that? I saw something! Is someone trying to steal from Zed?!" You hear footsteps as somebody begins walking over to where he was right now. You guys run? Make stealth checks, guys. You have the coat with you, yeah. Okay, you guys run. As you're running, Piglet, you're running behind them hanging on the back of the coat and you slam your head at the bottom of the table, putting a big old knot on it. It happens to be the table where the card game was being played. All the cards go (crashing), all the coins scatter in the air. The guys go, "Whoa what the hell is that?!" And they see as this coat scampers off into the kitchen on its own. You guys hear voices go, "Did you see that?!" "It went in "the kitchen, come on!" You hear the sound of chairs scooting as all of a sudden people are beginning to stand up and rush towards the kitchen after you. You're holding the knot on your head, you pull the jar, pour it out, and spill this slick mass of goblin vomit and whatever else liquid you put inside there. As you dart through the kitchen, the cook goes, "Your food's ready! What the--?!" And sees you guys dart out the door as the crowd comes in and two of them (yell) and fall on their backs immediately there. A third man steps over and follows you into the alleyway. The cook's like, "You can't be in here! What are you doing?!" As the door slams, you guys make your way into the alley. You see the three of them rush out holding the coat. As the door opens again, you see this breastplate-adorned guard of the city who is essentially the bouncer of this place, rushes out, blade drawn, helmet half-cocked on his face where it doesn't fit right and one eye looks higher than the other, and he goes, "You!" (explosion) As smoke fills this entire alleyway, he begins coughing. You guys rush out of the alleyway, you get out of the fog, you manage to dart off to the side and wait a little bit. You hear that guard wander off and start shouting, and vanishes in the distance. After a few moments of waiting, you're pretty certain he hasn't been able to keep up with your trail because you're that stealthy. Are you going to do this? This is the best goblin Voltron ever! In the pouch you find eight gold pieces, a small snuff box. Okay! Roll a will saving throw. 16. Okay. The world gets a little funny for a bit, and you feel exhilarated, though a little unfocused. What normally is the goblin ADHD is now in hyperdrive. You're looking everywhere. We have Grizznak as the head. You guys are the middle. MARISHA and With that, you stand up, coat goes on, snapping it shut. So, where are you guys going? It was, yeah. You follow that. Great. The sky has cleared, by the way. Okay, so! (laughs) I'm so happy right now. As you guys trudge down the alleyway, the sky is clear now. Most of the upper areas are dry other than a few rain barrels that have caught a lot of water in the side of this alleyway. You can hear the music in the distance, you can hear the laughter of children, you can hear people playing. It sounds like this festival is in heavy swing. You come to the end of the alleyway into an open town square, a main open thoroughfare with large tents that are erected, with large carts, people barking for food, different carnival games set up throughout this area. What you notice amongst the buildings and houses is a large stone cathedral that looms over this entire area. In front of this cathedral, there is a raised platform where the band is playing, where the music's coming from. People all around this area are now talking and families laughing. There are small poles that are erected that are covered in flower wreaths that are hung around it. Actually, quite happy and jovial. People are gathered towards the center of this area around that. Okay. As this is happening, a drunk man, 30-something, a red chin-strap beard, and long hair pulled into a top knot has a tankard in front of him and, (hiccup) "Hey, happy Autumn's-thing." Make a bluff check. He goes, "I think you need some more of this than I do." He pats you on the back with a hefty arm. Since you are the guys that are holding the legs right now, I need you to both make strength checks. Five. One leg, whoa, goes forward, and you stumble and take a knee like you're kneeling in the middle of the street. And the man who holds the drink goes-- "Oh, you're one of them church types. Never mind." And the guy stumbles off. At this point, you see the crowd starting to hush a little and gather towards-- You get back up. Make a perception check if you could, Grizznak. 17. Glancing up, you can see now-- The people that are gathering towards this central platform area you can see a person ascending the steps on the side. What you see is a man dressed in simple, but elegant blue robes that walks from the cathedral, who is standing now at a podium in the center of this. As people begin to hush, some yell towards him. He has short brown hair and a well-kept beard that show a social station amongst the townspeople, although his demeanor is very humble. But some people are paying attention to him, some people are looking around, some people are still yelling and playing games. He seems to be a little frustrated that no one's paying attention. You do not see a stone. However, as you guys begin to make your way through the crowd, and everyone's paying attention to various things in the area, he reaches into the pocket of his robe and pulls out a small cast iron pellet about that large. And he takes it, looks around, and throws it to the top of this platform. As it hits the woodwork, you hear a sudden (thunderclap). It causes this echo of thunder throughout the entirety of this area and everyone stops and goes (gasp). You have not. Actually, for you, go ahead and roll a wisdom check. You realize at this moment, as you were instructing the goblins that can't possibly be the stone because that's a boom-boom rock, you realize, holy shit, this entire journey was to retrieve a boom-boom rock. With this, suddenly, you hear screams. You hear dogs starting to bark in the distance and you see the glow of flames over across the way as two streets, three streets away, you see fire beginning to glow and plumes of smoke build up. People begin to run, and chaos breaks in the crowd as people begin looking about, screaming, "What's going on?! We're under attack! Goblins are here!" No, all you see is the single stone rolling off the top of the stage-- Okay, you Mage Hand and the stone stops there in place as you begin walking towards it. The crowd now is scattering and running away as people are trying to flee from this distant flame. You hear another explosion in the distance as a section of burning wood flips. Okay, so as you throw another firecracker, you guys stumble forward, foot by foot. I want you to make another bluff check. And I want both the legs, both of you guys to make another strength check to try and get there quickly. Okay. Okay, so as you're rushing forward you can see the crowd look at you as you turn and be like, "No! Don't go that way! The goblins are that way!" And they're actually genuinely trying to save you. And as you say that, the firecracker goes off behind. Everyone looks around distracted, as both of your legs tumble forward and you tumble forward. The coat unravels as what was once a single entity rolls into five goblin balls that all (rolling thumps) across the stonework, slamming into the base of this platform. You guys can hear the distant screams of goblins two or three streets over where the main battle's happening. The guards have moved in that direction. This open thoroughfare is mostly empty of all people at this time. You glance over and can see the stone is in the center of a light piece of mud that hasn't fully dried from the earlier storm. You rush forward, grab the stone, and put it in your hand. You hear a voice say, "Halt! You "will walk no further, foul creature! Sarenrae's vengeance will end your existence." You all glance over to the left of you and you see a woman dressed in gold armor and light blue cloth clutching a scimitar in one hand and a small gold statue of a winged woman in the other. As she glares at you, you hear a voice behind her say, "Come on, Kyra, don't think we'll let you "have all the fun to yourself." You see, walking up behind her, a small halfling man grinning with shaggy blond hair saunters up, pulling out a flute. Behind him, a human in heavy armor, his long brown, unkempt hair around his shoulders draws two blades and scowls. "Goblins, of course." He readies himself as a shield appears before him as another heavily armored figure steps in front of the lot. A tall woman wielding a longsword, her hair pulled back tight and her face tense goes, "Behind me. We shall smite them where they stand." Behind all of them, you see an older man with long white hair and a beard hold up a staff and smirk. "Well, Seelah, I can just destroy them from here. "That's fine with me." I need you all to roll initiative. All right, hold on just a second. 20? Higher than 20, anybody? Damn, look at that! All right. That's Browntooth. You had-- These humans look ready and eager, and there's a part of you that's like, "Oh man, it "would feel good to cut them down." It is up to you what you want to do. 20 to 15, anybody? Sorry, 20 to 15. Nope? All right. 15 to ten? Nope. Ten to five? Top of the round. All of them charge into the square as the rest scattered. Bring this in here. Browntooth, you're up first. Closest place to hide here would be behind this cart or behind the platform. They're right here. You duck around here. Go ahead and roll a stealth check to hide in the shadows. 13? 30! Okay! You duck underneath the platform, keeping an eye on what's happening. Is that your turn? You can see them. Snizzler, it's your turn. Right there? All right. He is 25 feet away. Do you want to get a little closer to do it? Lob it! Roll for an attack. 18 hits! It is a touch attack, correct? He's actually on fire right now. Indeed. What's the DC on that? That is a failure, success, success. Three damage, three damage, and six damage. Nice! 13 points of damage! Woo! Sure. That's about as far as you can get right there. You run up, fling it, and dart away, as it lands at the foot of the guy with the blades out, he prepares himself and goes to guard as it (explosion) bursts in front of him. You can see the flames coast up and now the fire is caught into his hair and his armor is burning from whatever goblin liquid, napalm-like material you had in there adhered to him. As the fire bursts outward in a ten foot radius because of your goblin expertise with explosive devices, the flames catch the three other allies of his, who all manage to avoid most of the impact. But you do see them scarred and burned a little bit from the side of the blast. The fighter is furious as the flames lick across his torso. That ends your turn. Piglet, you're up. You are an up-close and angry-- Yes! You rage. You can move 40 feet because you're a barbarian, so you can go pretty far. Where do you want to go? That guy. You can get right up to him. You (yells) rush up, hammer in the air. You get one hammer attack on this turn. 17 just hits! His armor class is 17. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Yep, d10. 13 points of damage. As you rush up to the man that's on fire, you leap into the air (yells) and plant your goblin Skullbreaker Hammer right square in the chest. You can see his armor bend inward and he goes (gasping) as the air escapes with a spatter of blood that crosses your face. It's warm and you take it in. As you pull back the hammer, the flames still burning on him. He's coughing up blood now from the impact. He's already taken a very poor round. That ends your turn? Angry Piglet's up front. First and foremost, the little halfling bard shouts out to the rest of the group, "Valeros, you okay, bud? All right, let's do this. Great!" And he jumps up onto this cart right here and pulls out his flute and begins singing, "And as their footfalls to the ground, "the strength and mighty muscles bound! They raise their blades into the sky and cut those goblins "nigh and high!" As he begins to sing, he bolsters all his allies in song. You see all of them begin to rally themselves for the battle, hearing their friend accompanying this rousing fight. That finishes his turn. They all have bonuses to their combat prowess. The paladin, who watched her friend get pummeled in the chest and set aflame, goes, "Not "on my watch!" and steps in to you and is going to take a swing with her longsword. Would you consider yourself an evil character? She's going to attempt to Smite Evil as her swift action. That's a natural 20. I have to confirm to see if it crits. That is a 17. What's your armor class? 19, it does not confirm crit! However, you do suffer-- That's eight points of slashing damage as the blade strikes into you and a burst of divine energy as you feel your dark core of your blackened goblin heart all of a sudden burn with radiant, divine energy. That ends her turn. Next up, this older wizard dude is going to look to the one who threw the bomb and goes, (casting) and holds aloft his staff. You put out your giant goblin ear to listen to the strange language. A pock of greenish energy forms in the air as an arrow streaks towards you. What's your armor class? 17. Okay! As this arcane arrow full of acid streaks towards you, you do a goblin cartwheel out of the way and it hits a barrel behind you. It begins to melt the barrel and you can see a thick series of berries begin to spill out onto the thoroughfare. He goes, "Oh, damn it!" He ducks into this alleyway between those buildings here. That ends his turn. The cleric, now, is going to step up to the center, holds her scimitar in one hand and her holy symbol to the sky and goes, "Sarenrae, protect us!" Energy drifts off. All of her allies heal up six hit points. You also heal six hit points because you are a living creature and you're in the radius, so you heal six. Unintended consequence of her circumstance. The fighter who's on fire is going to grin and bear the flames because he wants to take down the one who smashed him with the hammer. He's going to take another 1d6 fire damage; go ahead and roll for that. However, he is angrily going to unleash upon you with his longsword and shortsword. That is 13 to hit with his longsword. What's your armor class? You duck out of the way. He goes in to stick you with a shortsword. That's an 18. Can't seem to find you with his blades as he angrily swings outward. Grizznak, your turn. There? Yeah, you have the movement. I'm okay with this. What are the rolls you have to make for that one? What'd you roll? Are you kidding me?! That's what happens! Is it called Fire Sneeze or Flaming Sneeze? Based on the effects of this spell, I need you to-- Roll a reflex save. Seven. Go ahead and roll 2d6 of fire damage as you glance over at the wizard, wink, go to sneeze and suddenly you catch yourself, close the mouth. As you sneeze, there is a ball of flame that bursts out of the nostrils and ears of Grizznak. As smoke pours out, (yells) and falls onto the back. (sizzling) Unconscious, but smoldering at the moment. Negative one. Mezek, you're up. Yes. Mid-run, you throw a star using your deadly aim. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage with the additional plus two damage for the deadly aim. As you rush up, you throw it, it embeds in the side of his throat and he's like (coughing). He reaches up and pulls it out and a gout of blood goes (spraying). He's like (grunting) holding his longsword in one hand. "Stupid goblins!" As the flames are still burning around him. You move all the way up to him. Ending your turn, we're back up to the top of the round. Browntooth, you're up. They have no idea you're hiding. Right there. There's the paladin, and there's the cleric there. That's the bard. Go ahead and roll for attack. Yeah, that definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage with additional 2d6 sneak attack damage. Seven points of damage to the cleric. The bolt strikes the back of the cleric's lower torso, the kidney area and she goes (grunts) and almost drops the holy symbol, catching it in the middle of the air, looks around. Make a stealth check to see if you manage to remain hidden this round. 26. She glances around and doesn't know where it came from and is like (grunts). Are you going to move, or are you going to stay where you are? That ends your turn. Snizzler, you're up, Piglet, you're on deck. You lob it towards the cleric. Go ahead and roll for an attack. What'd you roll? Yeah, 12, that's going to miss. It's going to land right there. Minimum damage on that is six. I need a reflex save from Piglet and from Mezek. All right, that's six damage to all of them. You take six fire damage. You take three points. Remember, your maximum hit points went up to what your rage score is. Whatever it says. As you're raging, your hit points are up higher. Keep that in mind. All right. That ends Snizzler's turn. You're up. No, but because you're raging and you're in base to base with them, you can attack and bite. Go ahead and roll with your normal attack. Natural 20? Roll again to see if you can confirm critical. Roll another d20. Plus nine? That's a critical hit! What's the damage multiplier on that? It should have a multiplier next to the weapon. Roll 3d10. Yes, plus six. 3d10 plus six damage. Yeah. How do you want to finish him off? Because you destroy him. So, the man who's on fire in front of you with his two weapons out. How do you want to finish him off? He's (heavy breathing). The bard? You swing as the fighter goes to parry your blow. Your goblin rage gets you a faster speed than he ever expected. As he goes to swing it to the side, the hammer comes straight across from the direction he wasn't expecting, like an unintentional feint. His eyes goes wide for a second before the hammer (slams) and the head gets carried off of his shoulders. It spins backwards, and the bard, who's singing his song, looks up as his friend's head towards him. Falls onto his feet and goes (yells). Makes a concentration. Fails his concentration. I'll say the song ends, he has to start it again because he just saw his friend's head land at his feet. He goes, "Valero? You!" You can see there is a genuine horror and sadness in his face. Yes, you do! This is the paladin right here. Go for it. Roll for attack. 13? Oh, the paladin? Yeah, it definitely misses the paladin. Her shield's too big. You go to bite her and she slams the shield out and you catch metal instead. She pulls the shield away and you scrape tooth marks against the metal, which is impressive for a goblin. She looks at you and goes, "You! You foul, terrible creature! You will pay for what you've done!" You see tears in her eyes. That ends your turn? The bard is too angry to even consider-- no. No, he's too angry. He's not going to be able to do his bard performances this turn. He's too fraught with frustration. He's going to cast Sleep. As part of the Sleep spell, just to double check what the saves are; I believe it's a will save. There we go, we got Sleep. Give me a second, guys. I need you to make a will saving throw. You get plus two because you're raging. With that, you look over as the bard ends up singing this incantation in a language you don't understand. You feel a wave of sudden sleepiness hit you. One of your eyes begins to sag, and then you (grunts) shake it off. Foam forming at the corner of your mouth. The bard goes (yelling). Unaffected by it. That ends his turn. The paladin, friend is gone, cannot do anything yet, is going to angrily move this way to begin a pincer movement and is going to power attack you. That is a natural 20. See if it confirms. With a natural 18, I'm pretty sure that hits. That's times two on that. You take-- it's not too bad, you take 12 points of damage as the sword streaks down, cleaving off part of your ear and ends up embedding in your shoulder. You look over, grab the sword, and pull it out and throw her backward. She's caught off guard by how this tiny thing has so much might. That ends the paladin's turn there. We're going to bring us to the cleric. The cleric is going to see how rough this is, circumstantially. She is looking over at the bombing one. Moves over here, turns to you and goes, "You will set nothing more ablaze, creature!" I need you to make a will saving throw. As the Hold Person takes effect, your muscles lock up. As you're reaching for a bomb (grunting). You just can't move! You see a grin across the cleric's face. "That's what I thought." Ending the cleric's turn. The fighter is gone. Boom. Grizznak, you're down to negative two. Go ahead and make a fortitude save. 20? I'll say, for the sake of this, you manage to stabilize, you're no longer bleeding. You're good. That ending your turn. Mezek, you're up. You frog leap over the raging Piglet, and land. Go for an attack. 15 hits! She doesn't have a huge armor class. Which she rolls a five, she does not. Yep. As you jump over, leap to the ground and then shoryuken-like upper fist to her chin. You see a tooth go flying and her helmet gets set off. She pulls back. She drops the holy symbol in her hand, which now hangs from a chain, grabs at her head going (groaning) and is doubled over unable to gather her senses right now. Ending your turn there. Browntooth, you're up. Paladin? All right, go for it. Roll the attack for that one. You haven't used your song yet, if you wanted. What's your song? Go ahead and reroll that as you steel yourself, locking in another bolt into the crossbow. (singing) Goblin songs are cursed! I got you a sad trombone for you, there. As the crossbow bolt goes off somewhere into the skyline, you're realizing perhaps the distance game isn't working for you. Might need to get up close and personal if you're going to land an attack here. Are you going to stay where you are? The church is up here. These are the steps to the church. Over here? Roll to see if you can remain stealthed. All right. Ending your turn. Brings it to Snizzler. You're locked in place. Make a will saving throw to see if you can resist the effect of the Hold Person spell. Yeah. Unable to shake the effect. You're still locked in place. Hand on the bomb. You're looking down at it. You were about to light it and your hand is hovering there and you're like (strains). Piglet, you're up. You can both hammer and bite. Go for it. That hits. Go ahead and roll the hammer damage. 12? Ooh! As you bring up and slam the hammer down, she pushes the shield up to block the blow, but the mallet catches over the top. The sheer weight of it pushes the shield away as it comes down and slams into the side of her chin. You can see the jaw breaks from the impact. A little bit of blood begins to trickle out of the corner of her mouth. She's like (pained grunting). She spits a glob of blood across her otherwise pristine silver armor. Roll for the bite attack. That also hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Roll a d6, halve that, add three. Four points of damage. As she's reacting from that and spits the blood out, looks down, you run up the side of her shield and bite into the chin you just broke and tear a chunk out of her face! She's like, (screaming) "Who does that?!" That ends Piglet's turn. The bard, whose spell has been less than active, and the wizard who spent his last term in absolute horror of his friend, regains his senses and is going to step up. Yeah, the wizard hid off to the side and watched his friend get beheaded and spent the turn looking in horror. The bard is going to attempt to cast Sleep on you again. Make another willpower save. 18 plus three. Once again, shrug off the effect. And he's like, "Why won't you stay down, "stupid thing?!" He's pointing his finger, clutching his flute angrily in the other hand. Nothing is affecting you. He's going to rush over to the side behind the cleric now and be like, "Can you heal me? "Please!" He's running off to the side and asking for a heal. The paladin is going to, as a reaction to you, furiously swing at you with the longsword. That is a 22 to hit. That hits. You take seven points of slashing damage as the blade streaks down across you. You're still chewing the chunk of her face that's running around in your jaw, but the blade goes across the front of your torso, and leaves an opening that begins to spill dark, brackish, goblin blood. You don't even feel the pain. You're in such a furious bloodlust right now. The wizard's going to step forward now. Going to go ahead and cast Magic Missile. One arcs off at you while you're held in place. One's going to streak off and hit you. Mezek, you take two points of force damage. Snizzler, you take three points of force damage as two missiles arc off and slam into the sides of you from the arcane nature of the spell. That ends his turn. The cleric can't do anything, is stunned this round. Manages to shrug it off, but has absolutely no way of using any of her abilities because of the fist in the face she got from Mezek. Grizznak! Finishing that. Mezek, it's your turn. Your last? Go for it! So you are doing two punches or two hits with your quarterstaff? Stunning Fist is as an attack; you can have it be a Stunning Fist attack. So roll for that, see if it hits. 20, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Rolls a seven. Six points of damage and she is stunned again. Quarterstaff clocks her upside the head, now causing the armor to bend in on her temple and one eye has gone a little cross-eyed from the impact. Go for it. 12 total bonus? She is currently flat-footed with the armor that's still 14, so yeah. 19 hits, roll damage. Eight points of damage, how do you want to finish off the cleric? So, after you slam her in the side of the head, stunning her, she leans forward from the impact. You spin the staff in one hand and then do a golf swing up the side of the head. You hit at such a way that you cause the bent metal of the helmet to act like a guillotine-like blade. With a (boomp) her head, up in the air, rolls on the ground, the bard who came up to ask for healing, "Heal me, Heal me!" and the body slumps down on the ground in front of him, and the head lands a second later. And he rolls a one on his will save, he is currently horribly shaken by this experience and is having penalties from watching his two friends lose their head in the same battle. Currently the bard, yeah. Okay. Roll to confirm crit. 11. I'll say with the penalties he has suffered from watching his friends die, I'll say it just barely hits. How do you want to do this to the bard? As he is screaming, the staff goes through, bursts out the back of the base of the spine where the brain connects and goes (gurgling). Blood dribbling down the side of his mouth, you hold him aloft. What do you do with the corpse at the end of the staff? Okay, he is currently now held limp against your staff just being held aloft by your weapon. Absurd. There is the wizard and the paladin and they are both looking around themselves and wondering how these goblins steamrolled their adventuring party. As far as you know, yes. Crossbow to the paladin. Go for it. 19 hits. What is the critical range on the crossbow? Does it just say times something? So roll again to see if it crits. Go ahead and roll double damage on that. Roll 2d6 plus sneak attack, so 4d6 damage total on this. How do you want to finish the paladin? How do you want to do this, Phil? The paladin's back is to you, bearing down on Piglet now. Both bloodied and engaged in gladiatorial combat, this tiny goblin meat shield and this shielded piece of human meat. She does, yes. Yeah! As you aim carefully, you wait for her as the blows trade back and forth between her and Piglet. After the hit, she pulls back and spits off to the side and you can see the front of her face. As her head turns back, you use that moment to release and catch it right in the side of the helmet where the ear would be. The bolt out one side and gets partially out the other. She stands there for a second before (thud) to the knees, face first on the ground in the mud. Snizzler, make a will saving throw. You know what? The spell does break because the cleric's dead. You regain control of yourself. Thank you for the reminder. There's one wizard that rushed out of the alleyway like, okay, I can do this! Runs out and all of his friends are dead and his chin's quivering under his short, gray beard. It is your turn. Right there. A cross between a bazooka and a large egg shell. She jams the bomb into it. As it detonates, it sends out a wave of smoke and ash. It blows apart and sets you on your feet from the impact of the launcher. Roll the attack, it doubles the range. That's just enough. 18 does hit. His armor, with mage armor, of 16. Go ahead and roll damage on that. That's 2d6 plus three plus 1d4 because of your explosive feat. 11 points of damage and he is on fire. As he looks over and is like, "My friends. What?!" (explosion) He's screaming on fire. That's Snizzler's turn. Piglet, you're up. Leaping on top of the cart that is there before him. Go for it. Leaping in the air. You go and swing with the hammer, and because the flames are hot in your face, you swing wide and end up smashing part of the cart instead. He looks at you through the fire going, "No!" You have to be right up close to do that. That finishes your turn, Piglet. Everyone else is dead. The wizard is in the flames going, "No!" and put out his hands like this and a gout of fire like a flamethrower bursts from the arcane energies. Go ahead and roll d6 fire damage, by the way. Go ahead and make a reflex save, if you could. You take six points of fire damage. Through the flames, more flames come. You burn, the cinders. What little bit of hair may have existed on you is gone. You are a charred, black mass of cracked goblin flesh and anger. You're enjoying being on the edge of death. That ends his turn. No one else is alive. You. Mezek, you're up. You're horrible! You can use that. We're going to consider this an improvised ranged weapon. Go ahead and roll an attack with your dexterity bonus as opposed to your strength bonus. With a minus four, because you're not proficient in ranged improvised weapons. Just melee ones. What's your dex modifier? Roll a d20 and add three to it. Just your attack bonus. 14 unfortunately misses. You look through the flames, he goes (heavy panting) and looks over as the bard head careens towards him and ricochets off his arcane armor. He goes (screaming). Your monk speed, you get right next to him. He's being surrounded now. Browntooth. You can move this way. You can get there and see him off to the side. Roll a stealth to see if he sees you. He does not. He is so distracted with all his dead friends and being on fire, there's no way he can beat your stealth score with a six he rolled. Yeah, you're fine. Go ahead and roll an attack. 16 just hits! Go ahead and roll. That is his AC with mage armor. Go ahead and roll 3d6. 13. How do you want to do this? On fire, looking aghast at the heroes slain around him. He's over there and he's like (heavy breathing). As he looks over, up to the sky, for the first time in his entire existence becoming a religious man. At the cathedral. The flames behind the cathedral from the mounting goblin hordes that are descending upon this square. He goes, "Why?" as the bolt strikes him right in the center. His eyes go wide and, slo-mo, (thud). The flames (sizzling) consuming the rest of his body on the ground. You guys can now hear the screams in the distance still growing louder. You can barely see the shadows of the Seven-Tooth goblin horde coming down the mountain, coming through the alleyway here. You gain five hit points. Every corpse is marked appropriately with your victory token of the goblin dickbutt. (laughing) Roll an attack! (explosion) You see an explosion as flames begin to burn up on the long tapestries that hang in the front of the temple. Inside, you see two people that were hiding in the temple from the goblin hordes come running out on fire just as the goblin hordes round the corner and go (screaming) and rush and start striking them down, stabbing them repeatedly with their blades. The rest of the temple begins to catch flames as it licks out the sides of the now-shattering stained glass. You nod your head proudly before you dart back into the sewer after your friends. You guys your way out of what remains of the town of Sandpoint. Heroes left scattered across the center of the festival grounds. Make your way all the way back to your home. You head past to the west side of the Devil's Platter Mountains to the home of where your-- Yep. Where Old Guffeye is. You head back into her cavernous abode. She sits there waiting. There's a smell of extremely nasty boiling liquid. She spins around. "You! You've returned! And do you "bring me the promised stone?" "Give me it. Give it to me." She takes the stone. "Yes!" The Lady's blessing upon you all. She spins around, drops the stone in the pot and begins stirring it. "Stone soup for meal tonight! Flavored well with victory. "You've earned a fine meal, my goblins!" (cheering) A masterful bounty you've collected this evening. Freeze frame credit roll. (singing) Anyway you want, that's the way you need it. And that is your game tonight, your one-shot Pathfinder game. Big thank you, once again, to Paizo and to Syrinscape for helping us put this together, for bringing the prizes for our fantastic audience. Thank you all for watching this wondrously chaotic goblin spree that transpired. Big round of applause for our players this evening. You did amazing. We're rolling for the grand prize winner right now. While they're doing that, I don't know if you're aware, but you systematically slaughtered the Iconic Heroes of the Pathfinder universe. Yeah. In the books, yeah! The actual Pathfinder Iconic characters! For those who weren't aware, the Attack on Sandpoint is actually the very first encounter adventure in The Rise of the Runelords campaign setting and adventure guide for Pathfinder. You guys played the other half of that battle. What's normally the first fight for the heroes, they got slaughtered by five goblins. Well done, guys. All these little goblin things are available on the Paizo store, guys. The banks look awesome. It's good desk accessories. This is Ivan breathing it, not Grizznak. Oh my god, that was delightfully ridiculous. Well done, guys. PacManWakkaWakka. Grand prize winner. You're going to get a fantastic care package courtesy of Paizo that involves Pathfinder Core Rulebook, Monster Codex, Inner Sea Races Book, Burnt Offerings Book, We Be Goblins, the goblin promo figure, the challenge square flip mat, which you got to see right here, goblin bank, plush, and a one-year subscription to Syrinscape. That is fantastic, congratulations! Yeah! Great music tracks. You can customize your own tracks. There was a bar brawl in case you guys used a bar brawl as a way to get through. Here's the tavern brawl. Go ahead and hit that there. Dudes beating the crap out of each other. You can put in glass shattering punches. For the record. (Wilhelm scream) Wilhelm is on the sound list there. You have a dragon if you want to use it. It's the best bar brawl ever. Sad trombone, which we got to use earlier. It's really cool stuff. If you have spells, like a fire spell, which you didn't get to hear over the music when you burst into flame last time. Yeah. I make the sounds happen! You got one. Everyone got to sing their song once, which is cool. You guys were awesome. Thank you guys so much for watching. Thank you guys for playing. You guys should come Thursday at 700pm to see the 50th episode of Critical Role. Every Monday! You should run a Hole game sometimes. He got me the Hole books for my birthday a couple years ago. And all the expansions. You don't know Tune? That's what No Survivors is about.