Okay. You begin to take the plume of smoke and filter into the dark rain clouds and you make the smoke go to a thicker, thicker black and take the next few moments to begin sculpting in the air until eventually we have a very well-defined de Rolo crest now staring down at the entire city of Whitestone. All right. Investigation checks from both of you. What did you roll? Okay. The two of you take a while upstairs looking about the rooms. You manage to acquire from just some of the local bits of cabinets and dust, you gather about 230 gold pieces. Just loose gold pieces that are around. There is a nice jewelry box that seems to contain most of the jewels and gems that this individual likes. Okay. So say a box of Tylieri's jewelry would be what you've marked down. There you go. You do notice, however, that's all you're able to find for the most part, other than some few bits of clothing and outfit. The master bedroom has no bed. Okay. Okay, as you make your way up there you notice them stepping out. Go for it. Investigation. 16? You look through the room. Most everything of interest has already been picked clean. This room also doesn't seem to see much use other than the clothing that's in there. This room is used for dressing and presentational purposes but other than that, as a bedroom, it's pretty useless. As you guys go downstairs, we'll say for the sake of brevity you take a little bit of time to start looking through. You know you're a little pressed for time because you can feel the energy in the town begin to rise and you start hearing noises. You keeping an eye out? The people that rush into the rooms are now rushing back out, some of them wearing leather tunics and small bits of armor, their weapons gathered, and they're forming small bands. Okay. You go over to this hallway. You eventually smash the door, doesn't take too long. It leads into what looks like a small study or some sort of an office room. A big blue rug, a desk with a chair, some papers strewn about. Yeah, pull the rug off, reveals a hatch. Okay. Glancing about, you find what looks to be a general sitting area, a music room, or a place where you would host guests. Also in fair disuse. And then beyond that, you find a room that's pretty bland, with a staircase that leads down into what was once servants' quarters that has been converted into a torture room. It's a little nicer in its presentation and tools than the duergar torture room that you encountered in the Underdark, but this looks to be like Tylieri had a definite interest in entertaining unwanted guests. All right, make a perception check. Yeah, it does not appear to be trapped. (vroom) The hatch comes up. There is no ladder; it's just a ten-foot drop down into a basement. Land down there. A 20 foot by 20 foot room. It's very musty. However, you do see in the far corner there is a pad of fresh earth set up, and there is a dark box. About eight feet long. Okay. The room lights up a little bit and you can see across the way there is a not super-detailed, but a fairly well-crafted coffin on the opposite side of the room. Okay. The coffin does not appear to be trapped? It's always fun to do that. Okay. (boof) The lid flies off and then slams on the ground. A smell hits you that's just like musty old mildewed earth. The inside of the coffin is, it's lined with like a fine purplish velvet material, the smell quickly fades. It looks like there are some small baubles in there, keepsakes. There is what looks to be a cape or a cloak that is laid across the bottom of this for comfort. Okay. You cut through the purple velvet. Rummage through underneath. It appears to be the back of the box. Okay. Want to make an investigation check? As you're rummaging through the notes in the desk, a lot of them are ledgers involving the trade in and out of the city. He has his hands dabbling in elements of the timber trade, elements of the actual trade of whitestone. He talks about the-- and you understand, the reason that Whitestone itself is-- the stone that's mined here is so popular for construction and architecture and other elements is the stone that these mountains are made of, when properly prepared, there is a faint bit of residuum that is naturally ingrained in the rock here. No one really knows how it came about, but whatever it is, while it is not inherently magical, it makes it a little bit easier, faster, and cheaper to enchant the stone. So when it comes to, you know, enchanting a teleportation circle permanently somewhere or for traps or things-- not actual objects but actually enchanting anything made of stonework. It's easier to enchant, and that's why the whitestone of this area is sought after and a good trade element. So there's notes about that. But the stone trade has been halted, all stone has continued to be mined, but it's not being transported. No, there's just notes about it. So all the whitestone that is being mined is not being exported. It's being kept here, somewhere. Okay. You take about 30 seconds of extreme violence against the wooden coffin, killing it into chunks and blocks. You get the feeling that this may have been the place the mist was trying to get to. But it did not make its journey. It got scattered by druid Sunbeam and destroyed, and the coffin is left in ruins. You do-- even you, Grog-- absorb the fact that when a vampire goes to mist form, you get the feeling that this is the home it needs to come to, to try and survive. Not anymore. Not that one. Oh. You see another zombie giant coming up the way. You can see people attacking it, it's just thrashing them about, but this one seems less bothered by the group and is now moving towards a specific area, moving towards the fiery plume in the distance. They're all gathering in that direction. Not at the moment, no. All right, you all gather, you can hear the rainstorm itself is coming down in sheets. What do you want to do? Okay. You guys all step out into the rain (whooshes) pouring down. What bits of guard blood that have been pressed against you washes off. A Flaming Sphere begins to corkscrew around this room, up over the banister, up to the upper area, and like an artist, you paint this entire room with flame until the entire interior of this main foyer is just an inferno. You can hear the flames licking and the light is very bright. You end up backing up and you can see people, unarmored folk in nearby homes that are pressed up against their windows watching this happen and whispering to each other. The children, those that are kept guarded and are not part of this rebellion, they are watching this with smiles. Okay. As you guys run off into the alley behind-- Okay. How many more spells do you have at that level? Because you used it several times today. You guys all dart off into the alley under the cover of the shadows of the storm and the rainfall, to head towards the alcove, and we'll go ahead and take a quick break. (cheering) We'll take it real quick because we want to try and get through as much of the story before we get to Critmas. Which is going to, which is going to take some time tonight. Be back here in a few minutes guys, we'll see you in a sec. Welcome back. So. Jumping back into the chaos, the party has scattered back into the rainstorm. I would like everyone to make a stealth check. Plus ten. All right. Total ten? Okay. Well, you're making your own stealth, though. You're invisible, so just roll twice. Okay. So making up for the bounding chaos that is Grog throughout the city, you manage to still make your way largely as a group stealthed to-- are you heading to the alcove, you said? Correct. All right. You make your way to the alcove. As you're darting through, you can see in the distance small pocketed sounds of yells and the occasional sound of some sort of large-scale crumbling or crashing of wood and stone. Occasionally, darting past the streets, you see militant occupants of Whitestone armored, rushing through, shouting orders to each other, some coming back wounded and helping their friends back. The midday rebellion has definitely started, and you get the sense that the initial surprise has been effective, but the longer this runs, the longer this wears on, the more and more of a body count this will be. Yeah. You have not, but you all meet up back at the alcove, communicating over your earpieces. You make your way to the front of the building. The doors are closed and locked. Go for it. Okay. Seems to be a fairly simple lock. Make a perception check, guys. Not you, you haven't gotten there yet. Okay. Looking about, there doesn't appear to be any set ambush or anybody else here. You do hear the soft sound of pacing footsteps in the interior. Okay, there's a pause and a voice goes, "Who's us?" Make a persuasion check. I'll say since you're backing her failure up, go ahead and make it with disadvantage. 18. There's a pause. "Crazy grandma? Come in." You hear the sound of a locking sound and the door opens up ever-so-slightly. A very, very dimly lit interior, there's a small lantern, a hooded lantern across the room. Other than that, you see the shadow of Jordana as she ushers you all in out of the rain. "Yeah, apparently." She closes the door behind you, looks out the window that has the curtains closed and goes, "Okay. So. It's underway. It's not safe to be here right now." "Did anyone see you come in?" "Good. Who are you?" You dropped Seeming before all of this. No. That would've been amazing. Donkey eating a vampire head? Aw, man. You've just now gotten to that point, you see the door closing as you get there. "What is going on?" "Okay. You can rest here, but how long?" "All right." Right now, I'd say you're close to three in the afternoon. Jordana. "To a few, maybe. I don't want to go outside right now." Best you could see, that group was doing pretty well and was hacking it down. Lost a few of their number in the process. There were six that you saw while you were doing your overall flight. Go ahead and roll insight. Sure, go ahead. Best that you can tell, she just looks genuinely scared and is uncomfortable with your presence right now but is letting it happen. She's still getting over the fact that you guys look entirely different than when you first talked to her about staying here. "For the most part, necromancy is not studied in this town. At least, we never had to "deal with it until recently, and we haven't had the opportunity to really study since." You need a long rest. They are two very different things. All right. So what's the plan? Yeah, you guys go ahead, use your hit dice to heal up while you're taking your short rest for those who've taken damage. Trinket technically does not. Trinket requires-- Hit dice? Okay. Correct. Correct. Which...? Correct. Percy, Percy, Percy. No, it's great. Just glad you didn't take the Alertness feat. Then things would have gotten stupid. Well, you guys are taking a short rest, about 30 minutes to an hour, so you have about two and a half, three hours before it goes down entirely. During this rest, if you wanted to spend some time with that cape-- For the most part, it doesn't appear to be enchanted. That's not trademarked at all. I love it. All right, so you guys have rested up. Through the rest, you occasionally hear voices run by, yelling. As you guys get toward the end of your rest, you hear the (stomping) large heavy footfalls heading nearby. (groaning, crash) A loud, heavy impact, and you hear some short cheers outside. Out front, a little ways off. Not immediately. Yeah, they got eaten by harpies. Okay. Jordana lets you guys out, locks behind her. "I'm sorry, no." "No. All those were kept in either of the two temples here." "I already gave you everything of magic that I had here." "Sorry." As you step outside and look, it's about 60 feet off, near one of the big crossroads near this area. And a zombie giant has been completely felled down, and there are three people now that are currently in the process of hacking its head off just to make sure. It's a group of about seven people that live here. They're all looking pretty messed up, but they're all eager and adrenaline-driven, they're all hacking away, then stopping and taking a breath (breathes heavily). You hear in the distance, (thunder crack) bolt of lightning coming down from the storm, and as it echoes, everyone shakes for a second, look at each other, (cheers) give a cheer of victory. They all hop off the body of the zombie giant and begin darting further in towards the center of the city. It's there. It's dissipating slowly, but it's still there. It's moved a little bit off-axis with the storm. Tylieri. You do recall, actually, when you were interrogating the driver of the Briarwoods. Tylieri was the master of the driver Desmond, who beat him and subjugated him to various forms of torture and abuse before Lord Briarwood took Desmond and, to try and show extension of faith, revealed to Desmond Tylieri hanging from the Sun Tree. That was true. Okay. All right, so from the Alcove, you guys head in a southwestern motion, keeping off the main paths best you can. The main chaos seems to have died down a little bit in this area of the town. You come across another body of a zombie giant, surrounded by what looks like eight bodies of civilians of the town. No, they are all very dead. Two of which are torn in half and just tossed to different sides, one appears to be half-eaten, and the rest are just smashed. But whatever troop was with them managed to take the zombie giant down. Eventually, you make your way to the center of the town square where the Sun Tree is and there is, across the way on the opposite side, what appears to be, in mid-struggle, one zombie giant that has a series of spears or javelins sticking out of its torso. It's currently swatting at a group of individuals that have torches in the rain, still trying to get up towards it and push it backward. The Sun Tree, at a glance-- roll a perception check. Yes. Okay. Active perception and passive perception-- passive is more something to keep track when you're not actively perceiving. So. Grog? Okay. Keyleth, you pick this out in the rain, and it's hard to see, but from this angle, you see what looks to be eight ropes, currently, just dangling free from the Sun Tree. You can go closer to inspect it if you want. You're hearing in the distance the (roars) the battle's still raging about 65, 70 feet from you. You get up behind the tree and you take the ropes and inspect it. All the ropes are very finely cut. Yeah. And you do see, there are a number. This close, you can see there are loops of rope all over the tree some very old and weathered and aged, some of them are torn, some of them are cut, but the fresh ones that are the longest currently and that are placed closest to where the bodies were originally there are all very cleanly cut. You glance around real fast and you can see to the south there is still the battle raging between the zombie giant and the crew of individuals, but you look back where you guys were from, and you see a large series of shapes stepping through the rain, coming from the direction you guys were. As you're having this conversation, you, keeping your eyes forward as he's saying this in your ear, you can see, as the light of the town is slowly beginning to vanish into a sunset-- It is still raining. You see ahead of you, coming from the central roadway into the square of the town, what you can only surmise to be anywhere from 30 to 50 armored skeletal entities that are pouring from the north. Climbing the Sun Tree. All right. You guys see Keyleth scurry up the Sun Tree. Okay. (foghorn sound) The slow horn-blow comes out, and this fog begins to fill the area between this marching skeletal army and the Sun Tree where you guys currently are. Looking over your shoulder, you can see the zombie giant finishes smashing the last individual in that crew, picks it up and jams it into its jagged giant teeth. Down the street towards you. You can't tell now. There's just fog along the way. No, you can't see them. No, because Scanlan just created a whole bunch of fog between the two of you. The moment you saw, they may be about a hundred or so feet from you. He can't control it. Well, the fog this creates is a magical fog that obscures an entire area. If you climbed to the very top of the tree, you might be able to get a little bit of a visual. Okay, make an athletics check. Athletics. 15. Okay. You make your way up to the very precarious top of the branches. You can feel the brittleness of it as the tree itself, its life force is withered over time and some of it cracks and some of the actual bark of the tree twists off in your grip as you get to the very top. You can look just over the bank of fog that Scanlan has created and you can see beyond that. The number of undead from this angle, what was initially like 30 probably pushes closer to about a hundred. Starting about a hundred feet away, slowly marching towards you. All right. What's the damage on that? Is it 2d8 bludgeoning and 2d8-- Okay, go ahead and roll for both. And it's a save for half, right? Total of eight. Eight plus... what was the other one? Seven, okay. Okay. So the first area. Suddenly you see some of the clouds above you begin to funnel downward, and a few bolts of electricity (crackle) through it. As the funnel hits, it grows dark, and then all of a sudden this cold wind begins to swirl around it. And with that, the cloud almost seems to tear open within itself and a sheet of jagged ice and sleet begins to pour downward into the center of this undead horde. As it does, you can see probably a good 25, 30 of these are just blown apart, bone shards scattered around and you can see bits of rusted metal weapons and armor thrown left and right. The ice then coalesces over the floor of this area and some of the skeletons just slip, but they keep marching forward. It definitely took a chunk, but as it continues pushing forward-- You guys make your way down the tree. As you get to the bottom of the tree, the zombie giant has taken notice of the sudden flashing of light and the movement in the tree and is bounding towards the tree after you guys. Okay, you Hunter's Mark, turning around, looking at the giant. Okay. So you land and you cast Call Lightning. The fog that you created, Scanlan? Has formed up. You start seeing shapes; these terrifying skeletal faces begin to appear through the fog as the rest of the army begins to push through. The clouds coalescing above Keyleth as you get your Call Lightning ready, you marking the zombie giant, you guys begin bolting out of the way. Trinket comes running up behind you, Vex, and picks you up onto his back, and you guys begin rushing off toward the treeline-- to the west or the east? Okay. Go ahead and roll damage on that. I don't know, how much do you get more on that? Call Lightning would be... 3d10. It does an additional d10. It does 4d10. Okay. No, the one Stonefell mentioned was the same. It wasn't Stonefell, it was Vouk. But yeah. He was referring to the same one. 22 hits. Okay, yeah. For him? Still hits. It's a big target. Big target, lot of hit points. Damn. (lightning sound) You can see the bolt strikes the front of the zombie giant right as it starts swinging after you guys. The bolt hits its shoulder and blasts a chunk of its shoulder blade off. You see bone shards fire behind, and there's a giant piece of its torso now missing where the bolt hit. (groans) Stumbles back onto its back foot and catches itself, almost toppling over. It starts lumbering forward again as Vex releases her arrow, which splits into three. Nice! (impact sounds) All the arrows blasting into its body, you can see they sink in and burst on the inside. There's a little, a dull glow as this burst of electrical energy hits from underneath its sickly zombified flesh. At which point, there's a slight delay before it (explosion sound) bubbles forth and a bit of its internal liquid just spews out like a boil. You can see it's definitely taking damage, and it keeps pushing forward. Yeah, it's still moving towards you guys. It's about ten feet from you guys right now. Okay. The moment it would take for you to stop and pull out Bad News, by the way, the moment you guys are turning around to attack it, it has gotten within range to hit, so this is all happening simultaneously, so it's going to get two strikes as you guys get your attacks, as well. So. Go ahead and roll your attack. What did you get? Both hit. Okay. And against Percy, that is a 17 and a 20. Okay. You take 16 points of bludgeoning damage as its fist comes down and (whack) slams into your side just as Bad News fires off and your daggers go (dagger sounds) towards it. Okay. Good to know. Okay. Easy enough. Through the daggers-- It doesn't matter. It still manages to keep its zombie form, though it seems like every single hit you're taking chunks off its body, but it continues to push through the damage until eventually it swings at you with the hit, Bad News goes off as it blasts through the center of its torso and takes out the back of its spine. It can't keep its physical form together, and as its body lunges forward, you throw both of your daggers, which go (thoonk thoonk) into each of its eyes. It falls forward. The torso seems to roll on impact and come after you like a slow-moving boulder for a few feet, but since you're all moving forward, you manage to outrun it, just barely keeping out of the way. The legs walk on their own for two more steps before it just falls forward into the mud, relieving all its intestines into the rain-soaked ground. You guys go running back and as you're looking over your shoulder you can see the skeletal army swarming the center of the square and pouring into the streets. It seems that the Briarwoods had their own reserve anti-riot campaign at the ready. And with that, we're going to conclude tonight's session. (groaning) All right, so we're going to take a little break here while we set up for Critmas. Quick one, very quick, we'll be back here in just a few minutes, for those who want to hang in and watch how ridiculously amazing this community is.