It's very weird from this perspective. Yeah! You look about the same size to me. We just lost Jeff Sessions as a fan. Sorry, Jeff. Oh no. I don't know! How do you do it, Liam? Yeah, she showed up as Dhalsim to a weigh-in. It was like the best thing ever. It was amazing. Like a very accurate outfit. Yeah, when we did the charity drive, where we played Mansions of Madness, about a month or so ago, one of the things that I said off-the-cuff was that if we got a certain point, a certain donation list, I'd do a two-hour hangout Q and A, and then Brian Foster said that if we make even more, he'll do it in a silk robe. Well we hit both those goals, we finally scheduled it. I know, yeah, yeah you get to talk to him about that today. (laughs) Oh, I ordered one. It's awful. It's going to be great. It's red. It's bright red. It's heinous. But, next Tuesday, from 4 to 6PM, here on the Twitch channel, it's going to be a date with me and the chat. For two hours. I'm going to have wine, and a nice robe, and it's going to be kind of like-- Yeah, we're going to figure that out. I'm hoping to do that. What was the Christopher Walken character? With the wine? I'm hoping it's something like that. It's kind of what I'm going for. But anyway, during that time also, I'm going to finally make up on those promises even on an older charity, where I'm going to work with the chat to create an NPC for Critical Role and create a possible future encounter. (sings) You should not watch that at all, you guys are banned from it or I'll kill your character. (laughter) And then Talks at 7PM, yeah, so it's going to be a nice little transition. P-A-I-Z-O.com. Oh yeah, dude. Dude, those structures are legit! And just sold them in a box in the store. Like, the whole internet explosion in media, D&D. Yeah. Got more coming? Yeah? You going to be here a while? You know, this is my first chance to actually do this to you, and I keep getting completely swarmed by everyone else, so it's good. Not from me. No. I had a good one. Fuck them, they can die. It's great. (laughter) You're doing good! Keep going! (sings) Crit Role Babies, it's time to play some shit. You were Butters Stotch! It'll be me, so I don't get a chance to play. (laughter) We'll just go through your imdb and just pick the right time. Okay. Try and garrote it. What age is this, about? Okay, so yeah, glasses, nearing a mullet. And it looks like a Hawaiian shirt. It's more like a bowling shirt with a cool-looking anime dragon on it. Yeah. That's straight up. Yeah. That's about as accurate as you'll ever get. Oh, Travis! I'm still inside the flower. Huh? What? I don't like this nightmare. (laughter) Sure. So I'm taking my glasses off, I'm like, okay, so-- What? I can't! (laughter) Oh jeez! (yells) They do it? She got a ten. That's a 19. That was the coolest thing I ever did at this age, guys. I'm glad you were here to witness it. What? Okay, that's the coolest thing to happen to me at this age. This was not a good age, actually. I really don't-- That's skinless. That's skinless! You spent far too long roleplaying as Grog, and it's starting to rub off onto him. Yeah, I didn't have friends. I helped people with homework and then they said thank you. I did say that. Yeah, that's why I said no! She's supposed to live a long time. Guys! Scary creature animal sound-- Can I search around? I want to see if there's anything that could be possibly used as a weapon. What, an obnoxious annoying kid? Yeah, totally! What if everybody else we've ever known was turned into a tree and we're in a jungle pulling their fingers off? I'm going to grab Taliesin and wield him as a weapon. Yeah. I don't until everyone else starts-- I immediately drop Taliesin and rush over to make sure she's okay. Just like when I was 12, I can't do anything right! As he starts running, can I use Friends to try and ask him to not leave? Okay. So I'm going to go ahead-- actually, I don't have time, since he's going to bolt. Instead I'm just going to go ahead and use a persuasion check. I'll try and persuade him. So I say, Travis don't go, please! You leave now, we all die! We need you! Now's the time to become the man you eventually will be! This would be my persuasion-- It's really up to you. If he wants to resist it, then yeah. Sure. 23. Oh! Natural 20! That's crazy! I'm sitting in Taliesin's seat. I just realized! Ooh, a 19. 22. You still have your action and your bonus. Actually, as a monk, you should be able to use-- At level one-- That's true. Oh, I'm sorry, yeah. You can still use an action if you wanted to go into your dodge action, which any attacks against you-- I'm helping out! Anyone can use their action to make a dodge action, so instead of attacking, you basically just get really defensive, and then attacks against you have disadvantage. I'm going to move ahead, and start getting closer to back up Marisha. But I'm going to move a little bit behind her because she's tougher than I am. And that one that's kind of off to the right, that one right there, I look over as I approach and be like Hey cat! Have you seen the kind of shit she can do? Oh look, your friend over there, he went ahead and fell down already. He was twice as big as you! You're going to die in a second, fool! I was going to use Vicious Mockery on that guy. So, let's see. Has to make a wisdom saving throw. It's not on my sheet. But that would be, with the math there-- proficiency bonus of plus two, plus my charisma which is three, so the DC would be 13. That's okay. That happens. I'm like, mocking cats is a bad idea. Save me! Can I use the rest of my movement to stand directly behind Marisha? This is absolutely brilliant. Ooh! You're rolling good tonight. Roll disadvantage, because he said it. (laughter) That's okay. She rolled higher on the second one. See what's the first one, in case you kill it. The first hit, behind her I go, nice! Second one I go, no! Ooh, that's right. Well, there's the one still next to her. All right, you know what, I'm going to go ahead and say Don't worry, baby, I'll take care of you! In about ten years! Or right now. We'll do that now! Healing Word. Bonus action, so you heal five hit points. Thanks! I look over at the cat. As she's saying this, the cat is in front of her going (snarling noise). Okay, we're dead! I'm going to walk up and try and do what she did, try and kick at it. I move up base to base, right against her shoulder, and just, (screams). Screaming, probably think I'm going to hurt myself more than the creature, trying. And that is a four. I'm proud of myself, because that looks just like it does when I practice it when I'm home alone. When I turn around and see this tiny bowl haircut blond kid from the Omen just glowing. Marisha, who are we fighting? I don't know who we're fighting anymore! Okay! Sweat just pouring down his face. We are straight-up the kids from It right now, by the way. Which me, being two feet away, (splashing noise). That's still pretty cool. He spent a long time trying to keep away from old guys in the woods, so he knows how to track them well. Tracking would be survival. Because you're awesome! Trying to clean my perpetually fogging glasses because of the humid weather. The guy was pretty old? If we keep going, we can probably catch up to him because he's probably not very fast. That's all I got. Is this the future we're looking at? I start getting a nosebleed. Well, if there's any building in this vicinity that lasts through time, it's the Bob's Big Boy. Yeah. (whispering) That's so cool! What? You look all right. I'm pretty spent right now. We're all going to die. I follow Marisha because she's the biggest. What? So, even-- (laughs) So. Do I know what this is? Okay. Me as Matt Mercer, even at 12, Matt Mercer-- (laughs) Oh, great. That's great. Four. So, you guys know in Stranger Things, that the big monster they keep talking about? Gremlins can go in the water. Yeah. There's no good answer here. I can't tell you. My initiative's four. Go! I'm too scared. In fact, if we weren't halfway in the ocean, you would see the soak marks on the front of my jeans. Yeah. (screams) It's what you rolled. You've been hoarding Cocoa Puffs. Okay. So, being both a bard and being a kid that both as an adult and in that age spent a lot of free time alone reading monster manuals and cryptozoology books, can I possibly see if I recognize any sort of nature to this creature? Any sort of religious context to it, or any idea where it may have come from? Okay! Seeing as how Ashley already seems to be the one that's on the right track, I'm going to begin to step towards the water. Using a bonus action, I'm going to go ahead and give her bardic inspiration and be like, Ashley, continue to prove your savagery! (laughter) Chew deep and revel in the insanity, as this day, we prove our mettle against the force of darkness! Yes! Yeah, my glasses right are now are like every classic anime teacher, it's just too fogged where you can't see the eyes. It's just a straight white glare. I step out of the water towards this entity and say Oh great demogorgon, deity from upon the Abyss who brings its hordes to the shoreline, we are but humble servants, prostrate before you, granting you the power we have to offer as we ourselves traverse across many worlds. We have much gifts to grant you, and follow you to the ends of this plane. Not so great. Seven. You got this, Ashley! Which is the echo we hear in our minds. We don't hear out loud, as she's nothing but a hairy smear. Giant arm. Tentacle arm. You're wearing her like a scarecrow? She's puppeteering you like a Skeksis! You're a Henson puppet! Well, I've spent the entirety of the last six seconds just staring at the place on the ground where Marisha was crushed. So I haven't really been paying attention. Loosely paying attention to Ashley rummaging through her remains and then wearing them like a wintertime jacket. But my fists are clenched, they're shaking, the tears are streaming down my face, and whatever plan we had is out the window, and I just rush towards the demogorgon, screaming. (screams) And I'm going to Thunderwave him. So he needs to make a constitution saving throw. I don't fucking care about Sam right now, I just want to hurt this thing. Constitution. I'm just like, tears down my face, just (screaming). You made it, he succeeds. That is 13. 13 thunder damage. As my bonus action on my turn? I now realise that I accidentally hit Sam, and I'm like, Sam. We have to end this now. Let's do this. And you get an inspiration die, d6. She takes the nope action. (laughter) Yeah, on the ropes, man. On the ropes. You can add your inspiration dice, if you want. Oh. You probably shouldn't. You should hold off on that. Save it for the next-- oh wait. Well, dex or strength would be plus two. You're not proficient with it So, plus two to whatever you rolled. She has that much control! All right, staring this thing down, my eyes-- I can't see anything because the water, so I rip the glasses off the front of my face and throw them behind me on the beach and staring up at it I say I know everything about you. I've seen your pictures, I've read every single aspect of your existence. And here's the fun part when it all comes down to it, you're just a figment of some fat guy's imagination! Vicious Mockery. Nice, that's-- well, it makes a wisdom saving throw. Well, my DC is 13. Yeah! Yeah. That's a sensitive place. Ten? You fall just in time to see this floating Taliesin go (wind whooshing). That would suck so bad. That'll kill you. All righty! Probably. Oh, what? Chat will get it. [break] Congrats. (cheering) Jump right in, motherfucker. I just... SAM and Inspire Bill Beemer? Now this has become her nightmare. As this is happening, I walk up to Neil, I'm like, by the way, I know we've met a number of times, but I just wanna tell you, it's a great pleasure to finally have an opportunity to work with you. (laughter) Is it general T-pose, or A-T-pose? Okay. T-pose. Guys, wait! "The Federation is crumbling. You know that. Everyone on this ship knows it. You can't stop the "inevitable, Cass." "Well? What's it gonna be, Cass?" All right, T-pose. "The Federation is crumbling. You know that. Everyone on this ship knows it. You can't stop the "inevitable, Cass." Yeah, it is. I love that it has the volume tape and everything. It's so good. I feel like you have to give him that after this, now. 18. Aw, buddy. Yeah. Yeah. Just looking around at the ground, these things are made of cables. Are there loose, slack cables that were once attached to the cameras? Okay. I'm gonna move slightly around and towards the consoles a bit, grabbing whatever looks to be longest, most slack non-attached wire-- And I'm gonna grab it and throw it up over the scaffolding that holds the various mocap cameras there. Grab the other side and look back to Marisha and be like, help me pull this onto it and start backing up towards her the rest of my movement, holding the cables that are wrapped around the scaffolding. Trying to pull the scaffolding onto it. Yeah, no, this is a familiar duality, here. I have a plan, what are you-- okay. As you do that, I'm like, I told you to-- my dick's in the wind, here, somebody help me! Yeah, the cables have wrapped around the scaffolding that holds the mocap cameras, and trying to pull it down onto the large IMC to pin it. You still have your bardic inspiration. Yeah, it's not focus-fire. To be fair, he wrote this. So. Well, if it's like the hardcover cast stuff, then yeah, that could actually be substantial. Yes. Well, I used all my spells in the previous battles. Yeah. Okay, well, that changes things. Well, first, I'm gonna go ahead and say, it's all right, Ashley, you've spent a lot of time in this volume before, you're still the queen of it. So I'll give you a Healing Word with my bonus action. And that's a five, you heal five. And I'm gonna go ahead... so the leg that broke off? I'm gonna go ahead and rush over to pick it up, and like a giant metal baseball bat, swing back and try and hit back at it with its own leg. So it's like (yells). Not very good with it. Is this at disadvantage? I'm not proficient-- All right, so we'll say-- that's a 19? Natural. Two for strength. That is a two plus two. Four damage. Trying to hit one of the other legs, yeah. Yeah, I'm not going for the core, I'm just going for its means of attack. At the end of my turn, I shout, just 'cause I'm really curious, let's not kill it yet, but definitely disable it! On the Snitch? Well, on your Snitch. Yeah, that's an actual natural 20. The LED light that's always in our face. Fill out your 1089 before you go. 'Cause when it moved back, it was not in melee range-- I like it. Cool. Velcro bodysuits don't offer a lot of armor class protection. Okay. Is that me right next to the-- right there, okay. If I can take two steps to get right up to the edge of where it emerged from the floor, and glance inside, what do I see below? Yeah. I'm going to, if I can, move along-- move from your perspective this way two more squares, and then jump across that little bit of the gap that's there. No, right there's where I wanna stand. And I'm gonna go ahead and use Thunderwave in front of me to try and blast them back and do damage. As I rush forward, I jump across the way and go (hesitant noises). And I realize that we probably have a PA system set up, and I grab the microphone on the edge of the head thing and just go (screams) as loud as I can into the microphone. Thinking that they probably have a feedback set up in the cameras. So that's a constitution saving throw for both of them. 13. Okay. So that would be ten points of thunder damage, or half on a successful save, so they're not pushed, but they take five points of thunder damage each. I'll use my last five feet of movement to try and then move alongside of the crack away from the currently still standing there creature. Yeah, that is a crack, so I'd say just one away from the crack. You got this. Your movement's 30? Didn't Liam just get-- That's what it was. When you said, "Travis! Help!" you were straight-up Neo. "Trinity! Help!" The great NDA in the sky. The draw's too strong for the Crafty room. I hope it's like a Resident Evil movie-style just laser hallway, and you just walk through and-- Yep. None of us know, we all just one by one plow through. How much damage did she take? Did she take any damage, or is she good? Good. Awesome. All right, seeing all this going down-- I'm going to-- she's got that one. I'm going to make 30 feet towards Taliesin while shouting out, Liam, are you okay? I'm going to, as I look over at Taliesin facing off with the creature, I'm like, you're adorable, and you've got this. You've adorably got this! I'm giving you an insipiration die. A d6. And I'm going to dash up towards the ramp in the back corner, just to see what remains of Liam. Okay. Like he has a few minutes left to live, or no, it's fucking Chef Boyardee. Okay. Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, that's definitely the end of my turn. All righty. Bye, everyone! Wow. Ha! I've absorbed his power for the evening. (cackles) You've got this, Travis! Taliesin, earlier. She used hers in the last battle. Seeing Liam shredded, seeing them fumble with this thing, I take a full movement in the direction of the larger creature, there. Yeah, and I go, hey! Computer! Stop all the downloading! You've been vague and not helpful to any of us. That makes you a bad computer. That's my Vicious Mockery. Yeah, I'm angry! It's been completely unhelpful, even if it is Liam. You've got LCD screens at your disposal and you're giving us vague hints? No. Fuck that noise. Make a wisdom saving throw. 13. I cannot do anything. There's nothing? It does nothing to it. I see no reaction. My gusto fails, and I go help, computer. (laughter) Actually, no. At the end of my turn, I turn back to Taliesin and go yeah, but seriously, do something! Come on! You worked with Spielberg, asshole! I give you my last inspiration die. The crack in the hole? Demogorgon left an impact on her, man. I feel like if we would have had a good sponsor tonight, it would have been Backblaze, a fantastic service for backing up your information. This is some Lawnmower Man shit. Well, I see everyone else booking in that direction, and most of the danger on the other side of the room is gone, so I'm going to go ahead and continue that way, as well. Full movement. And as that's happening and as Taliesin's facing off against the one standing camera, I'm going to be like hey, by the way! The rest of your equipment was shitty. I guess that means you are, too! Vicious Mockery. See if something will fail a saving throw. Yay! (singing) It takes four psychic damage. In a shower of sparks as Taliesin's on the other side of the camera, I just say, sometimes you've just got to remind them. That's my turn. You guys, I think we lost Travis. Yeah. Get behind Sam! That's true. We still have battery packs, don't we? Let's keep going! Maybe after a minute. (heavy breathing) Does anyone have some water? I hate P.E. for very specific reasons. I know, I was working on it when I ended up here. To be fair, it's making me feel a lot better about spending time doing that. Okay. Let's go. Okay! Riegels first. Does there appear to be any other exit in the room, or is it just the chamber that we've entered now? I walk up next to Sam and put my hand on the glass and just say, Liam, we missed you, too, but did you do all this? Yeah, I put my hand on the glass of the cylinder. I'm looking towards his face on the side. No, in the glass. I know it's on the wall, but I'm focusing on the cylinder. Okay. My hand still on the glass column, I say, Liam, how do you spell farmhouse? (laughter) But perhaps this mistake can be corrected. If you're able to focus hard enough to tear through time and space, are you able to send us back to a time before you were taken? Yeah, it's still our Liam. No, there has to be a way. There has to be an alternative. If you can alter time paths, if you can actually tear us from different realities, does it only work forward? Can you send us backward, as well? If you're the lynchpin in this, do you have the ability to send us back to the time you had pulled us from originally? Then try, at least. If you haven't calculated that, but you're able to tear through time, could you try and send us back? We could still close the lynchpin. No, we do not strike. That's what I'm trying. Well, if he-- here's the thing. Unplugging him or destroying him here, as far as we understand, may not have an effect on a time loop circumstance, or at least, it's not going to change reality from where it was. He's bending and destroying the fabric, or is able to pull us across realities. That ability still stands. I want to implore once more, and I step forward to the cylinder, putting both hands on it and trying to, wherever the currently-wandering gaze of Liam is in there, I put both hands up, my red Hawaiian shirt soaked with sweat, mist in the air, and probably dampened a bit with tears across my lapel. I look up and try to meet the gaze and say, trust us. If you're better to have known us, send us back where we can know you again and fix this before it happens. Laura? Family. Just about. CREWMEMBER 1 All right, take. Are you ready? CREWMEMBER 2 All right, ready to go live! CREWMEMBER 1 All right, Denise, count them in! Liam, let no one tell you you're talented or special. Holy shit. I can't believe you maintained that voice for that long. That was amazing. And let this be a point of inspiration for any of you burgeoning DMs out there. That's exactly the point. You are always frightened to death to do it, but you have to pull the trigger and jump in anyway because magic happens. I love you, man. That was amazing. Thank you.