Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voi-- (gibberish) voice actors. It's been a long year, a lot of us voice actors-- Look, there's very high nerves in the studio right now 'cause tonight's going to be crazy. A bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Tonight's going to be an intense episode but before we get to that, let's go ahead and get through our announcements for the evening. First and foremost, we have an amazing sponsor tonight. We have Backblaze. (cheering) Our final episode of the year. So Sam, you have a few words on that? It's pretty impressive, actually. That's worth a lot of money. I am so happy! For the power of five Sams. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, Backblaze, for being our awesome sponsor for our episode tonight. You guys are awesome. We have a great video for you to watch from them at the break. It was pretty bad. As a quick addendum, while they're not officially sponsoring the show tonight, our friends at Loot Crate, who sponsored us for a large portion of the year as well, wanted us to give you a heads up about their current Halo Legendary crate. It's filled with a bunch of exclusive Halo figures, collectibles and in-game items. If you're a Halo fan, this has some exclusive stuff that comes through Loot Crate in that specific crate. You can go to lootcrate.com/LDNHalo to check it out. You can use the code "LDNHalo," all one word, for a discount to that. The cutoff for orders is tonight, so if you plan to do that, you might want to check it out in the next couple of hours. Now's your chance to do it, go. Do it, it's awesome. Right. That's our sponsorship. Couple of other things to mention. We will be returning January 5th, will be our returning episode in 2017. The new year. We'll pick up wherever tonight leaves off. You have so much faith in yourselves! It's very possible. No. So yeah, we'll be back January 5th. We wish you guys a very very merry holiday, in all your celebrations, and your families, and your New Year's, and all that crazy stuff. We'll have more of that at the end of the episode, but we'll see you back then. We have a merch shout-out, actually. Laura, if you want to talk about what we have up on the store for them? There you go. If you go to the Geek and Sundry store under Critical Role, you'll see merch! That's our announcement for the evening! It's a great write-up, I recommend you guys check it out. Even if you haven't watched Signal Boost, it's a great write-up. I recommend it. Thank you, Marisha. This is a pretty cool announcement. After a back and forth for the past year, we just got approval from Blizzard Entertainment to incorporate their music from their game projects into our Critical Role soundtrack. I've incorporated a few tracks for tonight's battle, as well as a couple of community-made tracks that have been submitted over time, so we'll have some fresh tracks for the evening. But, Blizzard, thank you so much, thank you to Woody Day, and a bunch of the guys who have helped out over there to make this happen. We're excited to include those amazing soundtracks into our atmospheric background tracks in future episodes. Yeah, you are. Anything else anyone wants to mention real fast? Oh yes. (laughing) Thank you, disembodied voice of Brian Wayne Foster, ghost of Christmas Tuesday. Next Tuesday we have a special Critmas episode of Talks Machina. A bunch of us are opening your awesome Critmas presents, and we'll be showing the videos the community submitted about what Critical Role means to them, to you, and to us! So check it out next Tuesday in the usual spot. I think that's it. All right, cool! Then let us go ahead and bring the tension up as you guys wander into the flaming core of Emon to show down with Thordak, the Cinder King, on tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Drake's staying back with the army to help them with the assault. You guys made your way underneath through the sewer system, made a brief alliance with some wayward Clasp who led you to the center of town where the volcanic essence of Thordak's mutated draconic form has been pulling volcanic activity up beneath the city. You climbed out on top and there, at the walled gates to the central Cloudtop District, which Thordak now calls his home and his lair, you saw two fire giants guarding the entrance. Kashaw and Zahra, in a heroic display, bound the giants to place and decided to take care of them while you rushed into the fray, bursting through the door due to the strength of your Titanstone Gauntlets. You rushed into the cloud, smoke, and ember-filled Cloudtop District ruins, jumping from ruined building to wreck of rubble and stone. The air itself is dense and black with dark fume and it's hard to see anything. You all carefully, gingerly, stealthily made your way into the alcove of one ruined building, where across the way, you see a giant raised central cavern, a hole, a burrow, if you will, that is close to 40 feet across. Apparently, your approach was somewhat sensed by the red dragon himself, as you watch Thordak emerge from this burrow and climb out saying to itself, "It appears we have visitors." (sound of liquid pouring) So, as Ashley unfortunately can not be with us, Pike's control and duty will be taken care of by the twins for the evening. You guys will be dual cleric-ing tonight. Indeed. At this point in time, you guys are all keeping as still and as quiet as you can while figuring out your circumstances. You can hear the low growling voice of Thordak as he begins to scan the vicinity. (growling) Fire resistance? Fire resistance, fire resistance-- Okay, so we have Scanlan, Keyleth, Vex, Grog, all with fire resistance? And Percy? All right. That's pretty much everyone but you, I believe, right? So yeah, the entire party, thank god, is set to resist fire. That may help your chances here. As you all guys quietly begin to drink and figure out your circumstances-- Because I was rolling Thordak's perception check to see if he noticed any of your presences as you were drinking the potions. I got a natural one. He's still scanning, and he's still like, "We can sense you here. Where are you?" And you hear (heavy footsteps). Okay. What are the components of that spell? Let's take a look here. Yep! That was not a one. So, as you guys are all quietly huddled over in this broken space there, Vex'ahlia begins to do her incantation beneath her breath and as you feel the shadows cling to you, you hear in the distance, "Ah. There you are." He has currently moved out to this area, and began to asses the scenery. I need all of you to roll initiative. (screaming) You took your fire resistance potions. That's all you had time to do. Pike has no bonus. Vex, what did you get? 13 for you? All right. Keyleth? Percy? You do indeed. All righty. So! With that, beginning of the round, at the very top Percival. You glance around the corner and you see sifting through the large columns of smoke that are billowing off each one of these destroyed, burning buildings, you see the gargantuan form of Thordak (heavy footsteps) and looks right over. You see all of a sudden as his eyes pass in your direction, almost like a cat caught in a light beam, as his eyes flare up with bright white light as it sees your presence. From here, at his size, you could get a shot if you moved a little bit. Jump between these folks there. Okay. That hits. In addition to 37? That's nice. Good opening shot. Nope. All right, as you climb up to the top, you slam Bad News over the top of the stonework, and as soon as the barrel catches a little bit of the light through the smoke, you watch as Thordak's face whips over in your direction. (gunshot) The first shot smashes across the crest on the front of the dragon's face. You see sparks fly, and bits of flame, red crystal get shattered in the distance. The head spins back towards you, and immediately you start shaking, and you fire the second shot and it ricochets off of its angry, thick hide. You immediately duck back behind the wall. In all of your focus, and all of your attention into the arrival, and the crawl into this, and Thordak, none of you noticed that Larkin is not with you. Keyleth, you're up. So you're casting Tsunami. You watch as the smoke is instantly replaced with steam in the vicinity, completely filling the area with fog, as this giant wall of water is conjured out of the broken, cracked, dry earth and begins curling over towards Thordak's front side. All right, so, strength saving throw-- Wait, any Huge or smaller creature. He is bigger than Huge. It's big, but the sheer mass size-- You watch as the tidal wave smashes into Thordak and splits and falls around him, no effect. His form is too big-- The water crashes against him, he's too big for it to actually have an impact on him. Actually, this fire is out now, this fire goes out, and water spills down into the tunnel and you watch a bunch of steam (whoosh) rise out of it. He's too big. It says any Huge or smaller creature inside the wall has to make a saving throw or take damage, creature caught in the wall can move, but yeah, it only seems to have an effect on-- I was with you. But, hey, 8th-level spell! Sorry! I'm sorry! I didn't mean to. So Keyleth, do you want to use the rest of your movement? Oh, wait, hold on-- Sorry, I scrolled past that part there-- Each creature has to make a saving throw, so it does affect him the first round. It does. Each turn after that-- so, yeah, basically as it gets smaller it affects less and less creatures. Sorry, I scrolled past that one. That is a 21. So it takes half-- so roll 6d10 and it takes half damage. It's fine. keep digging. This is my battle against you guys. Okay, half of the 35-- It says here that at the start of each of your turns after the wall appears, the wall along with any creatures in it move 50 feet away from you. So it will move him 50 feet back, unless he gets out of it. Correct. He can move through it fine, he's too big now, he doesn't take the additional damage in following rounds. It still has to try and make an athletics check against your spell DC to move at all, but it doesn't take any additional damage. It's her first time using this spell, guys, so be patient, we're figuring this out as we go. That's as far as you can get with your full movement. Over here? That right there is as far as you can get with your full movement. All right, that ends Keyleth's turn. Jarett is going to go ahead and rush around here. Pulling out his heavy crossbow, he's going to go ahead, as he runs past, releasing a bolt towards Thordak-- two bolts, actually, that is a-- nope, that misses. That also misses. Well, they both hit, but they both splinter across his hide. All right, Jarett's going to make the full move behind this wall and begin loading another bolt. "It's all right, we got this!" It is now Gilmore's turn. Gilmore is going to-- As he watches Jarett rush off and Keyleth rush back around the wall, watching the wall of water crash past the dragon, goes, "All right. It's been a while since I've had "to do this." And he points his finger up towards the dragon's head, and you watch as this green spark shoots this single green beam in the direction of the dragon's face. Let's see if it makes its dexterity saving throw. That is-- yeah, he succeeds. Against the spell DC, yeah, he succeeds with a 19. He goes and fires and you watch as Thordak sees the beam glimmer out of the fingers and he ducks down and it fires past, dodging between the side of the head and the beam goes casting out that way, no effect. "6th." "It's okay, we've got this." And he's going to go ahead and-- "Scatter, right?" He pushes past and goes running this way. All right, that's going to end his turn. Grog! Okay. You get right about there, as Thordak has the same initiative as you. Thordak, who has dodged the beam, and is seeing the ants begin to scatter in front, goes, "Moving targets--" "We love moving targets." And he's going to step forward-- --and is going to rear back and (inhales) (whoosh) and unleash Flame Breath. I need Vex, Percy, Vax, Pike, Scanlan, Trinket, Grog, and Gilmore to all make dexterity saving throws. Hold on to that number. No. The flame is like napalm. Kima fails. Gilmore rolls a one! Are you serious? Cutting Words actually can reduce the damage. I'm double-checking that. I'm pretty sure it does. Yeah, so you can reduce the damage by a certain amount for everybody. All right, so-- Wow. That's a thing. She has advantage on her saving throw-- Kima does make her saving throw! All right, so! Go ahead and roll your d12 and it will reduce the damage. No, instead of 99 points of fire damage, it is 94. 94 points of fire damage. It was 99, now it's 94. It reduces the damage of the attack. Grog, what was your--? Nope. Yes. 24-- You just make it. Yes you do. 18, nope. 21, nope. Okay. Thankfully, that's half damage. So that would be, at half of 94, 37-- I'm sorry, no, 47. 47 points of fire damage to Grog, to Percy, to Scanlan-- Well, Trinket does not take half. Trinket goes right into your necklace. You didn't succeed, so you would take 94, but because you have fire resistance, you take 47. You take half of 47, because you have fire resistance and you made the save. Nope, that regenerates. It would be 23. Correct, they can come back, yeah. Okay. Kima's doing okay, but Gilmore is looking rough. As the flames burn through, hyper white, red, orange, blazing fire, you haven't felt heat like this before. You instinctively close your eyes, but it doesn't seem to help. As the flames pass by you, Keyleth, you can even feel the impact from here, singeing your eyebrows, and you have to cover your face for fear of being disfigured by the proximity. As the fire eventually burns away, Gilmore is like stumbling right now, burned all around. The rest of the party is already smoking, bits of your outfits and edges of clothing are now actually curling up and burning. That was bad. So that ends Thordak's go. Grog? Yes, you may. Sure. 19 misses. But his armor is hard. 25 hits. So the second attack hits. Are you doing--? Right, but I mean are you doing your frenzy for the third attack? Or are you going regular? All right. 21 misses. But you did get a hit in. 36, nice! As the flames subside from the dragon breath, the flames part and you see, rushing out, flames curling off the edges of the fur, this angry raging goliath (yells) runs and takes one swing. It skids across the scales of the front of Thordak's chest, gleaning past the giant scar in the center. No damage. Thordak (laughs). You look up into the beaming star-like eyes and angrily (yells). This time, the axe sinks in and the laughter stops. You see the slight twinge of pain in the right eye of the dragon as you pull back for a third one, brings its claw up and swings down to try and crush you. As you swing for your attack, you instinctually realize it's probably best to let this go and you duck out of the way in time as the claw (slam) into the ground in front of you. Vex! Your turn! You feel, for the first time, the adrenaline surge through you and you suddenly go, "My "brother's been hoarding this this whole time?!" Everything slows down around you ever so slightly, and for a second, your mind's racing faster than it normally does. You can move 60 feet. You'll go over there and as you're rushing past, Keyleth-- Percy, by the way, I need you to make a concentration check. It's a constitution saving throw. That hits. Your Hex fades. Nice! So already at 29 damage plus--? Plus 17. All right! 46 points of damage on the first strike! What's the DC on the strength saving throw? Yeah. He makes it. Ten plus 12. That would have been amazing. As you run past and fire the first arrow, it sinks in and jams into the side of where the plates of the chest armor meet the scar. As it hits, you watch it cause a spurt of dragon blood, knowing exactly where the weak points of the armor are, being a person that studied dragons. You should have the additional damage, I think it was plus two damage against creatures that are-- Do you want to go look it up? You see the brambles extend out from the arrow and the dragon leans forward, already focused on Grog as you're slamming him in the side. As his body flexes, the brambles shatter. 27 hits. Yep. So 24 damage that final strike. Nice! You did almost 100 points of damage in a single round. (cheering) As you rush past, looking up into the face of the creature that you know for certain, seeing it there, that this is the creature that brought your mother to her end and half the city of Byroden to the south. And as that anger swells into you and mixes with the surge of adrenaline in your body and you don't even feel the momentum, your hands instinctively go through all training, all the years that have gone by, as each arrow gets loosed, there is just kind of this fuzz, this kind of numbness, around as your hatred is focused so clear on this dragon's head. And then the air rushes back into your lungs and you slam your back into the wall, preparing for your next round. All right, that finishes Vex's go. Vax and Lady Kima go at the same time. What do you want to do? Okay. The potion of healing? Correct. Okay. Wings are up. All righty. Okay. At a non-hasted fly speed. Oh, because you are hasted with the potion. So yeah, not a problem. Land right next to your sister. You swoop up, right in front, you cast the Vow of Enmity. Oh, but we are going to get there. As you swoop up within ten feet of his face and cast the Vow, focusing on him, the dragon grins, and as you pull out of his attack space, because he has a reach of 15 feet with his bite, he is going to take a bite attack at you. That is a 32 to hit. You can. That's actually a bad roll. 17 points of piercing damage plus-- Plus 16 points of fire damage reduced to half. Well, because you have fire resistance that is reduced. Yes, 25 points of damage to you. Kima is going to-- That's Kima. Kima can't do too much at this distance, unfortunately. She is going to cast Aura of Vitality on herself. Correct. What that does is allows her to heal people as a bonus action for as long as it lasts. Which is pretty damn helpful, right now. Let me pull it up real fast. Let's see, Aura of Vitality. She can use a bonus action to cause a creature in the aura, including herself, to regain hit points. She's doing okay. She looks over at Gilmore, who's hurt on the ground, staggering over in flames. As she rushes up, casts the spell on herself, holding her holy symbol of Bahamut to her chest, she looks up at the dragon. "Remember me?" Without even losing her vision, she puts her hand out like this, and you watch as a beam of divine energy streaks out, slams into Gilmore's side. He almost doubles over as it swirls around his body and heals his wounds for 2d6. So he heals four hit points. All right, that is going to end Kima's turn. Pike's turn. Okay. Ten feet of movement to get there. What else is she doing this round? Beacon of Hope is a 3rd-level spell. If you are casting a 3rd-level or higher spell as an action, you can only do a 2nd-level spell as a bonus action. So you can either do Beacon of Hope and then a 2nd-level Spiritual Weapon or-- Within 30 feet of her? Grog is just out of the radius. Gilmore, Kima. If you run to there? Okay, yeah. That would get Grog, Gilmore, Scanlan, Percy, Keyleth. It does not get either of you. So that's your action? You can do up to a level two. 2d4 plus five. Anyone who is affected by the spell, all healing is maximum. For as long as it lasts, and it's concentration. Okay, that ends Pike's turn. Pike can technically move five more feet from where she is. No. She's out in the open right now. Scanlan, you're up. Take your d12 inspiration die. Bards are great. All right, that's your bonus action. 7th-level Bigby's Hand! Where do you want Bigby's Hand to appear? Within 120 feet. All right, so what are you having the hand do? So Clenched Fist, and that is with plus 2d6 for each. Sorry, plus 2d8 for each slot above fifth. That is an additional 4d8. That is 8d8. If it hits. Go ahead and roll your spell attack. 18, no. The fist gleans off of Thordak's chin. The dragon just kind of grins (growls). "Is "this all you've got?" "Good." All right. That brings us back to the top of the order. Now at the top of this round, we're going to start doing lair actions. It happens after Percy's turn, though. So, Percy, your go. That wasn't a save, that was your attack. On the next saving throw he has to make, he has a disadvantage. Yes. Percy, what are you doing? As far as you can get with your full move? Yeah, when it comes back to his turn I have to roll to see if he gets it that round. 26 hits. Nice. So both shots as you are running past, you watch as it slams into the sides, causing a little (explosion) out of the side of Thordak's armor, the scales slip for a second. The second shot smashes a small hole in one of the wings, but you watch as the leather seems to be largely unaffected by the impact. It's already tattered at the bottom anyway, but well done. So, there you are. At the end of your turn, Thordak's going to go ahead and use one of his legendary actions to do a tail attack against Grog right now, because you're within range. That's going to be a 25 to hit. Yep. You take 22 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to half, so 11 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Grog. All right. That ends that. At this point now, you watch as through the clouds this winged figure comes and (crashing) lands on this distant building, the flames flickering out. As the impact happens, you watch as Thordak turns and grins. "There you are. Oh, you're going "to taste so good." Raishan grins from the side. "Not to worry, my king." At this point, she will-- let me pull it up. Oh there you go, there's the spell sheet. She's going to go ahead and move right there. Gets right up onto the building that you guys are hiding behind as you feel the rubble and rock tumble around you, you look up and you can see the giant green leathery wings unfurl. She inhales, her chest expanding. (cheering) Does not make his-- wait, this is a poison, oh, it's constitution. He does make that. He takes 38 points of poison. 38 points of poison damage on that one. As Thordak rears from the attack. "Oh, you'll die "especially painfully." No, he just takes poison damage. All righty. So, that ends Raishan's turn. Raishan's like, "Now, get in, circle and finish this!" Yes. You can, yes. Okay. Okay. So make a melee spell attack against him. So roll a d20, add your spell attack bonus. 28 hits. Contagion, we'll put that blue there. So at the end of each of the target's turns it has to make a constitution saving throw. After failing three, the disease takes effect. So as you're rushing up, running past the tumbling rocks and boulders of the barely standing ceiling that Raishan's stepping on, you rush towards Thordak, and getting closer you see the immense size towering above you. And getting this close, there is a heated presence around him, like an aura of superheated air that burns you as you get close enough to touch him. You reach out and grab as you cast the spell under your breath. And as you touch the edge of his scales, it's like touching a hot iron (sizzles). Your fingers singe upon contact, but you feel the burst of druidic energy pierce through the scales and you watch as a little bit of black power seeps into the body and curls in between the scales and has taken root. Can't do third level because you cast a 5th-level spell. All right. So 2d4 plus six. 14. You heal 14. All right. At the end of your turn, Thordak's going to go ahead and use his next two legendary actions to use his wing attack. Thordak, now being surrounded by everything, goes (wing flapping). He begins beating his wings. You watch as the flames on the ground begin to curl up into these small tornadoes in the presence from the sheer vacuum of wind up under the wings. I need Grog and Keyleth and Raishan to make dexterity saving throws. So you stay put, hunkering down for this. Keyleth, you suffer 13 points of bludgeoning damage. 13 points of bludgeoning damage and six points of fire damage. Yes, and you are knocked prone as the wind blows you to the ground. And the dragon can move up to half its movement speed. So it's going to pull back to there. You do. As you get hit by that, by the way, you can do retaliation or you can do your attack of opportunity, either works right now. Go for it. Go ahead and roll your brutal damage there. 37, nice. Yes. Okay. So, as the wind beats up and the dragon begins to back up-- --hovering off the ground, you strike out with the-- technically, yeah, it was Reckless, you cannot do Great Weapon Master on the-- well, I guess you can on any attack you make. I'll double check on that real fast. So we'll say that's right there. I'm going to double check just to make sure. On your turn, so no, you cannot do that, so 26, yes. You reach out with the axe amongst the heat and the wind blowing in your face (wind blows) and strike across the front of Thordak's chest as he begins to swing back with his wings beating out. All right, at the end of that turn, as Thordak does that, at the end of that turn, Raishan's going to use two legendary actions to cast Blight on Thordak. Constitution saving throw from Thordak. At disadvantage. That's a natural one. He is going to use one of his legendary resistances. He takes 18 points of necrotic damage. All right. And because I initially forgot it, lair action! Lair action, indeed. For that, we're going to choose-- The two twins that have currently ducked around the way, you feel the ground nearby begin to shake, and down below you the earth cracks open and a giant column of magma (explosion) shoots out and sprays in the vicinity. You've already used Evasion. Actually, you're right, you're right. You haven't gone since then. All right. Dexterity saving throw from both of you. Okay. You both take-- You succeeded on the save. So you take zero. You, however, take what would be 12 points of fire damage reduced to half, so six. All right. That ends Keyleth's go, it's now Jarett. Jarett, who's loaded up his crossbow, is going to go ahead and spin around, take two shots at Thordak. That's a cocked die. That's good. 18 plus seven hits, and the second one just barely hits, actually. There's two hits on him. Five points. Two ones in a row for damage, are you serious? Okay. And then he is going to try and move back this way to keep everyone scattered and use the space to his advantage. That's going to end Jarett's turn. No, it burst and then it cooled and covered the space. All righty. That brings us to Gilmore's turn. Gilmore, who's in a bad place, is going to go ahead and take his superior healing potion. That's true. Yeah, so he takes 16, 20, 24 plus eight is 32. Nice. Gilmore, who currently drinks the potion. "This is already not the best start to this, but "let's see what else I can do here." He's going to try a Hold Monster. From where he is right there. That's a wisdom saving throw for Thordak. Yeah, that succeeds. That's a nine plus-- but he tried. "Thank you!" He goes darting behind the other building off the opposite side. Yeah, that actually doesn't help in this circumstance. That ends his turn. Grog. It's you and the dragon's go. You both are going at the same time, so what are you going to do? Basically. Yeah, he moved away from you. This side over here? Yeah. You can get over to there. You are. Go for it. 19. The first strike, you slam the axe as your form grows, rushing up next to the dragon, grinning, feeling the foam gathering at the corner of your mouth. You swing with the axe and carves a small line, but doesn't actually penetrate the armor of Thordak. That hits. 22 misses. Roll damage on that strike. 36 points of damage. Nice. So, as two blows are deflected from the armor, one does sink in pretty hard, carving a piece of dragon flesh that's dangling off now in the torso region. Thordak's like (snarls). "Insect." Is that your turn? Yeah, okay. Thordak begins laughing, (deep laugh). The fire breath does not come back, it's a two. Nope. However, he does make a full multiattack and that's four attacks against you. And it's with advantage against you? Okay, that's a 34. Natural one and a 15, that is a 32. Natural 20. Okay. Natural 20! (laughs) Okay, so a bite, two claw attacks, and a tail attack against you, as its tail swings down and whips towards you. So, first, the bite attack. You suffer 16 plus a 12. 28 points of piercing damage reduced to 14 as well as-- 19 points of fire damage, reduced that to nine. So that's the first, that's the bite attack. The two claw attacks against you. That is 18 points of slashing damage reduced to nine. And then the critical on the claw attack. That is-- No, that's just the bite attack. That is 32 points of slashing damage, reduced to 16. And the tail attack, that is also a crit. 24. 36 points of bludgeoning damage. You can, yes. Go ahead and roll your d12. 36. So 16 points of bludgeoning damage. And as part of his multiattack, he also uses his Frightful Presence, so everyone, as you see it clawing at Grog, it's like (roars), the tail whips down and slams the ground. The entire ground quakes and you feel all the flames grow brighter in the vicinity. While Thordak is large in this moment, it's like staring at a fire god. I need everybody-- Everyone, yeah, all of you are immune to fear. Except for Jarett. Jarett does not succeed! Jarett is pissing himself right now behind. He almost ran into the wall and is like, "Oh, this is not good!" (yells) Raishan does make her save. Does. His turn's not done yet. Raishan uses her legendary resistance to resist the-- Oh sorry, she doesn't have to because she made it. From the shaking and the quaking you watch as the flames that brighten up leap out of the sides in the form of two fire elementals. That leap out of the sides of the cavern. Thordak is going to move around Grog to this side. He moved around it. It's fine. The elementals are now going the same turn as Thordak. 50 feet. Ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40, 45, 50. This elemental. 35, 40, 45, 50. Right there. They're going to rush up and get into base to base with you guys, and up to Keyleth, who's currently on the ground prone as the elemental (roar) and comes up against you. You hear the familiar sound of the flickering flame of its elemental form rush up towards you. All righty. At this time, you also hear a distant sound in the sky. A (sharp whooshes), but you make no visual. Everyone roll a perception check. This is not dragon-related. All right. Scanlan, you rolled a 21, you said? So, Scanlan, Keyleth, and Vax. You guys see a shape in the darkness of clouds and the smoke ahead. In between the sounds of thunder and lightning in the distance, you see the bow of the skyship Deera. (laughs) Vex, it's your turn. With your bow, you have quite a few options. So you'd have to move around this way or this way. It is. It'll get a swipe at you if you try to move away from it. As a bonus action, yeah. With Haste, yes, you can. 18 does not hit. So you rush past, disengaging. You hit up against the edge of the wall with your arrow out (arrow whoosh). It arcs past and misses. That one hits the hide but ricochets off. 25 hits. So a total of--? So 30. Nice. All righty. So the final arrow releases and (whoosh) gets stuck up under one of the scales on the side of where its shoulder and body hits and the dragon, Thordak, turns and (roars and laughs). You hear the voice ring out, "Don't worry, we'll take them down. All of them. Each and every one." That ends your turn, Vex? All right. Vax and Kima. (chuckles) Kima, frustratingly so, being a short-ranged lady that she is, is first off going to glance over and see Keyleth on the ground. How are you doing, Keyleth? Yeah, she's going to go full double move on this one. She wants to get into the fray and is so frustrated that she's too far out of the way. Kima is going to go ahead and rush out and do a 2d6 heal to Gilmore again. So that's seven to Gilmore. Oh that's right. 2d6, so it's a full 12. Kima is now taking a full 50 foot move. 50. Okay, she's charging in. "We've done this before "and we can do it again!" as she has her Holy Avenger arcing over her shoulder, running screaming. (yells) Vax, what are you doing? Okay. Right, so you're up in the air now. Yes, it does. That includes the Smite damage as well? It's 2d8. I'm currently working out how much movement you've done, because you're crazy. It's about 65 to get up to his face. All right, and you're going to pull back from him? The blade, which has jammed itself right in the cheekbone under the eye of the dragon, as you draw it out, there's a streak of dragon blood (roar, unhinged laughter). You arc over. As you do, he reaches up with his face, his jaws (snarl) reach out to try and bite you. That is a 21 to hit. The jaws snap in the air, just as you coast through with your wings. Sure. You are going to have an attack of opportunity from-- oh, no, you disengaged from the-- Oh, sorry, so the Fire Elemental actually would have gotten an attack of opportunity on you as you ran past. That's a 20-- yeah, misses. All righty, that ends your turn, Kima's turn. Pike's up. However! At the end of Vax's turn, Thordak is going to go ahead and use a tail attack against Grog. Disadvantage, which is good because it was a natural 20. And a six, plus 16, 22. Makes it. It keeps going. It lasts for seven days. However, it lasts for seven days, but remember, that's if the spell succeeds. If he succeeds three saving throws, it goes away. Yeah. Fail three to take effect, succeed three to just get rid of the disease. So, anyway, that brings us to Pike. Oh, he was doing the tail attack to you. So, using one of the Legendary Actions to make a tail strike against-- At the end of someone else's turn. Yeah, because you're right there. With advantage. That would be 31. So yeah, that hits you. 20 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to ten. All righty. So, Pike, what's Pike doing? That's as far as she can get. He's within 60 feet. I mean, that's as far as she can get. Yeah. So you're up 70 hit points, Grog. She can't, because she already cast a 6th-level spell. If you do a spell that's higher than 2nd-level, you can only do a 2nd-level spell as your bonus action. Technically, rules as written, you can't do that, but as we've been playing, for the sake of having so many players, I allow bonus action spells as long as they're level two or lower. Yeah, sorry. She can. Okay. So at second level, that means that's 2d4 plus five. So 13, you heal 13 hit points. All right, that ends Pike's turn, then. Scanlan, you're up. Yes. All righty, go ahead and roll a spell attack. That hits. It would've. So 8d8 points of damage to the fire elemental. 41 points of damage, nice! It slams into his form and you watch as his body kind of tears open for a second, the flames dissipating and then form back in, but they're starting to flicker. No. No bonus. Let me double check. When you cast a spell as a bonus action, it says here you can move the hand and cause the effects. It's your bonus action to move the spell. So your action is there, I'll say-- it says specifically bonus action. Correct, to do that is your bonus. I'll let you do it again if you want to. No. Okay. So it would be over the edge of that wall there and (blasting noise). All right, go for it. So that's a no. That is a 12 for its dexterity saving throw, so it takes full damage. 15 points of lightning damage against the fire elemental. Okay, the bolt hits it and the fire elemental goes (sizzling), not terribly damaged by the impact. Okay, do you want to stay where you are? Okay, that ends Scanlan's turn. Up to the top Percival. There? 25 hits. Well, you have to decide whether your-- if it's a piercing shot affecting also Kima or Grog. Because it's a straight line, and it hits-- depending on how you angle it, you're either hitting Kima or you're hitting Grog. Yep. Nope. As per the rules as designed, no. She's parkouring off of the damaged wall, trying to get into the fray with the dragon, and happens to catch where the bullet would be going. This is true. So Grog it is? Roll for attack against Grog. In theory, from this angle, in to hit the fire elemental and Thordak, he has to aim up. 20? Against Grog hits? And roll against Thordak. Correct, only the additional attack can misfire. Roll damage once. Okay. Grog, you take 13 points of piercing damage, halved to six. Round it down. Six. Yeah, basically. Yes, it is. 32 to hit. That'll hit, go ahead and roll damage. And it just gets pushed back ten feet? Its form gets knocked back, coalesces again as a flickering flame creature. It's looking hurt, it's barely keeping its form together at this point, it's still standing. All right. All right. That finishes your turn, Percy. Now you watch as the skyship Deera pushes through some of the clouds, and you can now see a series of small shapes as it looks like a half-dozen wyverns are currently harrying it from the sky, attacking it. You can see some sort of combat going on on the bow of the ship, but you also watch as two of its arballists are set up, and fire towards Thordak. That actually hits. That's cocked. And, yeah. A 16 and a 15. With bonus, it hits both. So, they're both super-heated, they are flaming arballists, fire doesn't have an effect, but they still do piercing damage, for a total of 22 points of piercing damage. You watch these two large, thick heavy metallic piercing bolts come arcing through, slamming into Thordak's hide. The flames flicker on the edge where it impacted, though it has little effect, and Thordak is (insane growling). (insane growling) (maniacal laughter) Two of the wyverns apparently, noticing the fray, and peel off, beginning to make their way down to where this struggle is happening. At this point in time, I'm going to do-- Yeah. Okay. (laughs) Grog and Kima. Suddenly the ground quakes beneath you, and it splits open, and a very thick, yellowish-green sulfurous gas just spills out in the vicinity, immediately filling your lungs and causing your chest to seize just from breathing the air in. I need both you and her to make a... The area is now heavily obscured, so now there is a heavy smoke all in this area right now. Yes, it does. You don't do anything yet. You don't do anything yet. On your turn, you'll do it. It may. For Raishan's turn, as smoke has filled the area, (coughing) you're having a hard time-- Raishan sees this, picks up off the ground as the wyvern begins to strike. First I'm going to see if her breath comes back. It does not. Seeing the new creatures in the fray, is going to rush up and interfere with this one immediately, and just do a full round of attacks against the wyvern. That'll hit. That'll hit. That'll hit. Bite and two claws. Yep. That wyvern is looking really hurt, as you watch as Raishan reaches up and just tears into its side, and claws into its belly, they're both wrestling in the air, almost in a momentary freefall, then catch themselves again. Raishan just clings on. The wyvern is already in a really, really bad place. That ends Raishan's turn. At the end of Raishan's turn, Thordak is going to do another wing attack. He's going to do another wing attack, at the cost of two of its actions. Picking up the wind around it once more, I need Grog... Kima's just out of the range, thankfully. Grog, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. You do. Nope! But it does push it. 17, nope. You take-- 16 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to eight. And you take eight points of fire damage, reduced to four, from the impact, and you are knocked prone. So you are now prone on the ground. And this gets pushed ever-so-slightly this way. Off of you, onto Keyleth, Pike, Kima, currently. The dragon does shift. Keyleth, you're up. Initially, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 19, you succeed. You manage to just hold your breath, and the poison doesn't makes its way and fit into your lungs. Yes, you do. It's pushed back, yeah, so it's not in contact with you. Okay. He's looking pretty rough, yeah. Quite a ways away. I'd say close to 65, 70 feet from you. Yeah, right there, you can. You are immune to poison, just so you're aware. Because of the Heroes' Feast. Thordak doesn't know that. Okay. Thordak's going to make a saving throw. This is constitution? Success. So half damage. Half of 35, all right. As the Blight spell takes hold, you watch as the tendrils of black necrotic energy begin to carve between the scales of Thordak's body. You watch as portions of the scar in the chest split, almost like a fresh wound. A little bit of pus begins to pour forth. It's nasty. Sure. You are just inside the doorway right now with Percy. Actually, you can't quite get that far because you were knocked prone, so you're just barely... No, you can just get in there, so you're good. Well, it is a 30-foot range. Blight has a 30-foot range. So we're going to take that damage off. No, because she was prone at the start of her round, she can only move 15 feet. He is 15 feet from you. Ten feet. Okay. So in that right there. What level, you're going to do first level? Okay. That is a, what save? Constitution? That is a 17, so it does not succeed, I don't think. No, because she aimed the-- It's a cone, right? Radius? So yeah, your hand would have to-- Yeah, so you can just go right there. You're fine. As you get up off the ground, the smoke, you slam your staff into the ground. The smoke around you dissipates momentarily as the shockwave hits the fire elemental. It just turns into ash, and vanishes. You have 15 feet you can move. Now you can tuck in, yeah. Since you did move that time. There you go. TRAVIS, At the end of Keyleth's turn, Raishan's going to use a legendary action to make another attack against the wyvern. That will hit. And that will do it. With that, the wyvern gets its head ripped off by Raishan. The body plummets, the lizardman that was riding it ends up falling off. Slams into the ground. Nine points of bludgeoning damage, as it hits the ground. It's still alive, but it's looking up at this green dragon. That ends Keyleth's turn. Jarett is currently afraid as shit. He's going to reload, and look over. He has to roll with disadvantage against Thordak from that distance, can't get closer. Even with disadvantage, hits, on the first attack. With 16 and 18. Misses with the second one. Yeah, with the crossbow. Still manages to do 13 points of piercing damage. To Thordak, which is nice. Jarett is then going to finish moving out of visual sight of this, like, "Nope, nope, nope!" Behind the wall, (panting) "This is, uh. This is a terrible idea. They're not paying me enough for this." No, he was focused on Thordak. He was just like, (yells). That ends Jarett's turn. Gilmore's turn. Gilmore is dodging out of the outside of the cloud, and goes, "All right. Let's see if we can "try this again." He's going to go ahead and move up into the building just outside of the radius. Looking behind where the window is busted open, he's going to blow his one 7th-level spell as a lower-level spell of Disintegrate once more up towards the chest, where it's kind of cracked open. That is a 24, 13 plus 11, that hits. That's an additional 3d6 to that. That's 13d6 Plus 40 points of force damage. So it deals 88 points of damage to Thordak. (cheering) That is the end of Gilmore's turn. That brings us to Grog and Thordak. First let me see-- This roll is going to-- Yes. I would like to go first. LAURA, After getting disintegrated, Thordak, who was focused on you, his attention keeps shifting from place to place. He's not focused in his current mental state. (enraged roar) And you watch as he heaves, you see the flames flickering brighter and brighter across him. (fwoosh) Or actually, he'd be right there. LAURA, SAM, You do get an attack of opportunity against him. Yeah, because you have advantage, if you hit. So go ahead and roll twice. 27 hits. Go ahead and roll damage with the sneak attack. 51 points of damage as Thordak rushes away from you. (pained roar) As you cleave across his underside, you watch as the blood just spills out. (wings flapping, hard landing) Actually, no, he's not going to land, he's staying up in the air. Thordak is currently up-- I did, yeah. Hold on a sec. Grog will calm down. He's going to fire breath. That's going to be Grog, Kima, Pike, and Gilmore. And the hand. So I need Grog and Pike to roll a dexterity saving throw. That's still not enough. That's 102 points of fire damage. Halved, for both of you, so 51 points of fire damage. No, no, to both of you! So 51 points of fire damage to Grog, and Pike. Pike needs to make a constitution saving throw to try and maintain concentration. What's her constitution save? Not enough. So-- It's half the damage you take. She had to roll a natural 20. She probably couldn't have made it, yeah. So Beacon of Hope is gone. Beacon of Hope is gone. You took 51 points. Kima rolls a natural 20 on her save, so she takes half damage, at least, so Kima's still up! Kima does not maintain her spell, unfortunately. Gilmore rolls a natural 20 on his reflex save. That's awesome. And thank god, so he's still unconscious. Gilmore is down and in flames right now. Unconscious. Thordak is 50 feet up. Okay. So you stand up. Okay. 29 hits. 30 points of damage. Good. Go ahead and roll. While you're raging, you have advantage on strength rolls. Was it athletics or strength? So, roll again. You yank the axe back down, catch it in your hands. You did the extra 1d4 damage from being enlarged, right? That is going to end Thordak's turn. Now it is the elemental over here. It's going to (flame crackling) over next to Percy. That's a bonus action. Yeah. Go for it. 1d10 plus one. Ten hit points, all right. All righty. Let's see. Vex, you're up. It's your third and final poison arrow? It just barely misses Raishan on the way. That hits. You're not sneak attacking because nobody nearby can hit him. Right. He makes his save. Okay! This is the one you've had. This is the one you've kept this whole time, right? You reach back and you pull and there's two. There's two in there. You pull one out, look, and there's a small piece of paper attached to it. It arcs into the darkness, past the clouds and out of the Cloudtop. You still have movement if you want to do something else. There's small flames here and there, but there is a wyvern up above the wall now that seems to have noticed you as you went around the corner and fired a few arrows. You don't have anything to hide behind. It notices you over the side. You can move, if you want to, and try to do that. You could move around here and duck inside there. Go ahead and roll stealth. That's a 14? All righty. I forgot to do the fire elemental attacks against you, Percival, from earlier. Fire elemental attack that came over there and attacked you. It was during Thordak's turn; I forgot to do that. It gets two touch attacks against you. That is 13. That's cocked. Natural 20. 17 points of fire damage, halved to eight, and you are on fire. You have to use an action to get rid of it. So yes. And every turn, you'll take 1d10 fire damage until you get rid of it. All right, so, finishing Vex's turn, it is now Vax and Kima's. Kima's going to make a constitution saving throw. Kima makes it and is unaffected. Well, she's unaffected by the poison anyway because she was part of the Heroes' Feast. Yeah, Kima is angrily going to rush over to Gilmore. It's true. It's true. Kima is going to go ahead and Lay Hands on Gilmore. She's going to heal him for 35. All righty, so as Kima rushes over, still staring at Thordak up in the air, (wing flapping) she hand vaults over the destroyed wall, runs over to Gilmore's unconscious burning form and, moving her hand out of the way to put the flames out, pats him down and as her hand glows and she slams onto his chest and you watch (gasping) the breath come to him. As his eyes flicker open, she goes, "It's not your time yet, buddy." Picks up her sword and angrily looks over towards Thordak again. She can move five more feet that way, that's as much as she can get this turn. But that's her action. Pike's turn. Sorry, Vax's turn. Yeah, but you're up there. Okay. So you have the sword and Whisper both attuned? Yeah, go for it. Can't legendary resist against damage. No, it's only against saving throws. Without the bonus. 102 points of damage against Thordak. All righty. Right here? Okay. So as you rush up, sword at the side, jam it to the hilt to the side of Thordak's haunch and upper torso area, using the momentum behind you, you continue to push forward and yank the blade around like a can opener. Just cutting through the scales and hide. (pained yelling) And as you tear through, the blade, it comes out the other side, cutting through the flesh as you spin around with your wings still out in front, you spin with Whisper and slam it into the open wound with the exposed crystal, hitting the crystal with the Vestige. (shattering) There's a flash of light, and you continue downward, landing off to that side. As you turn around and look up, you watch as the crystal begins to crack. (shattering) (gasping) All right. That's your turn. All righty, that brings us to Pike's turn. Pike has to make-- nothing because of the poison. Yeah, so, what's Pike doing? Okay. Gilmore's not too great. Okay, he's within range. Right, so that's 2d4 plus five. Yeah, Beacon of Hope is gone. All right. That's as far as she can get, right there. Okay, that ends Pike's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Yeah, you can see it from there. It's high enough in the sky. You don't have to arc around, you can go (magic shooting noise). Okay, makes his save. Yeah. He takes half. Okay. 11 points of lightning damage. You can move him up to 60 feet per turn. No, the spell's range is 120. Per turn, as a bonus action, it can move at 60 feet. (laughter) Okay. So the hand (whoosh) goes up. Punch him. Roll a spell attack. Whiffs. Let me check real fast. Let me see here. Makes an attack roll. Plus ten bonus. 23 just hits. (cheering) 8d8. 4d8, and you cast it, it's usually fifth level, you cast it as a seventh level. It goes up by 2d8 every level higher. Yes. Just punched the dragon in the face with Bigby's Hand. Top of the next round, Percy. First you take... You take ten, five points of fire damage. That is terrifying. Oh my god. Goddamn it. I'd say yeah, you can do that. The wall next to him, there's nothing above him. Here? So you can move around and get on the wall. No, there's no spike. There's a crack in the crystal that's exposed. There's no metal pole. No, he got hit by a Vax. Okay. You can spend them once you roll to hit. Wait until you see you hit it, then you can spend the points. That hits. Okay. Okay. 22 misses. The first blast fires off... It impacts the side of Thordak. You watch the little charge of energy shoot through. Second shot, however, goes a little wide, as you feel the fire still burning up the front of your torso. It's enough to distract you from your actual aiming. Okay, that ends your turn, Percy? At this point, the ground quakes beneath-- No, he can't do the same twice in a row, so it's going to do another magma erupt. (laughs) Beneath where Gilmore is, the ground splits open-- (groans) 18 for you. All right, that's okay. Gilmore rolls a-- 15, which is enough. Kima rolls a natural 20-- (cheering) That's 21, that's ten points of fire damage to both Kima and Gilmore. That was halved. As that bursts off, you also watch as the airship Deera coasts around this way and takes three shots. (cheering) It charges into the fray, this way. On the outside of the side of the Cloudtop. Make a perception check. You barely have a view of it, so yes, you can. No, you're inside the room. You see it, this one does not appear to be coming from the direction they were. With that, it is Raishan's turn. Raishan gets her breath back. Raishan rears back, (hissing roar) releases the same poisonous torrent toward Thordak. He takes half damage as the poison cloud billows up, (cough, sinister growl). "You're still around us? That's okay. There's still time... to eat." Raishan is going to fly past and land on the top of the roof, which nearly crumbles. Nearly crumbles above you, Keyleth, you feel stones (crash) around you, and you see Raishan landing on the ceiling of this damaged building as parts of it begin to collapse. That ends Raishan's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. It does. Wait, so what spell are you doing? You're doing-- So, Percy, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Yes. So roll 4d8 bludgeoning damage. Percy takes, and Percy is knocked prone, but is no longer on fire. However, the unscathed fire elemental is turned to mist. Water pushing past and doing way too much damage for him to-- But a full health fire elemental is turned to mist and is immediately destroyed. Actually, the force of it blows out the rocks from this side of the wall. And the wall, the wall here actually gets knocked open to that side as the tidal wave pushes out. Keyleth, do you want to move or stay where you are? Okay. He did, yes. It was a 13 plus... He's only done two, so far, since you cast it. No, because you didn't do it your first turn, you did it your second turn, so yeah, twice. Yes. Yes. (laughter) You, from your current perspective, you do not. Okay. Jarett, who is currently scared out of his wits. Ha, He's like, "What? No, why would you..." "Look at that!" And he goes and takes two more shots, with disadvantage against. That's a miss. Second shot, disadvantage. Is a miss. Both shots firing off. Gilmore, who's now conscious, doesn't have a whole lot else as far as attack spells go, is going to attempt to stand up. "All right, that was--" (groaning) I can count that. TRAVIS and Then stop giving me shit. As he gets up, he leans back and backs out of the rubble, takes in his surroundings, sees the magma receding from the crack in the ground. "This is... You guys bring me to the greatest places. "Oh, he's not looking too good." And releases a Lightning Bolt. He's not looking too good. And he's going to release a Lightning Bolt at fifth level. A 5th-level Lightning Bolt. A 5th-level Lightning Bolt. Thordak makes his save. And that will be, come on, dice. 49. Half that will be 24 points of lightning damage against Thordak. That ends Gilmore's turn. Grog and Thordak. All right, what are you doing? 31. That's awesome. Yeah. You pull the axe back. Thordak is going to swoop in. Let's see here. I know. Right there, Gilmore just behind. Raishan right there. Lands right up next to Pike. Everyone else in that vicinity. Yup. And (inhales). Rolled a five on that. Because Pike keeps healing everybody. That'll be towards Jarett, Scanlan and Pike. I need you guys to make dex saves. How many more bardic inspiration dice do you have by the way? You've inspired one and you've Cutting Words twice? Correct, all right, cool. This is your fourth? Roll a d12. What was Pike's dexterity save again? (laughing) Oh no. What did you get? Nah, roll your dexterity saving throw. Jarett does not make it either. All right, well. Well, with the damage reduction from Scanlan that's only 100 points of fire damage. Cut in half, so that's 50 to each of you. Jarett is practically immolated. His unconscious body hits the ground, crisp, smoking. He's currently going into shock and is in a really bad place right now. Yeah, you can get right up behind him right there. Yes, you are. Sure. I'll let you do it. It all happened at once. 29 hits. 29? All righty. That ends your turn. Oh yes, you should. Sorry, thank you. It's a constitution saving throw, so you add your constitution save. With that, Bigby's Hand fades, the spell knocked asunder. Thank you for reminding me of that. So that comes to end that turn. Yes, he does. And that is a seven plus 16. No, he doesn't have disadvantage on every save, just the one. He was Cutting Words'd, you're right. Same thing. So with that, the third save is made, Contagion. It's a rough couple rounds. With the sheer amount of clouds of ash and blackness in the air, you have no idea where it went, I'm afraid. At the end of Thordak's turn, the wyvern that had seen you, it did spot you. Your stealth was not very good. It leaps down into the back of the building and (growls) coming towards you. The wyvern's going to make a multi-attack. The first is a bite attack against you. That's a natural one. Does not hit you. The stinger, however, is a natural 20. Wow! So that is for 12 points of piercing damage to you and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. LIAM and That's right. So no effect. The rider is going to swing at you with a heavy club and then a javelin. That is a 16. What's your AC? Nope. And no. Misses you with both. You're just too quick for him. The giant sees Percy lying on the ground and goes (yells). With its giant two-handed sword, it's going to make two attacks against Percy with advantage. 19, so that's 30 for the first one. And a 22 with the second. All right. So you take 28 points of slashing damage from each hit. All right. That brings us to-- No. That brings us to Vex's turn. You're back here right now. Yeah. Well, I have you right here because you actually fell and your base came off and I glued it together when you were talking. Like any good dungeon master should. So you're inside this building right now. No. So you just run out this way. You have a lot of movement speed, so you're still out here at half movement. Go for it. Make your shots. 29. All right. You should have said that before. Okay. That was the first roll. Second attack? Okay. One lightning damage. All right. I'm looking it up right now, actually. DC 17 constitution saving throw. Yes, he does. Which he makes. So he takes half damage. So it's 6d10. 32 halved. All right. You release the first arrow, which goes and strikes Thordak in the upper shoulder wing area. (growls) He turns around and goes to face you, the arms and wings open angrily. As you release the dragon-slaying arrow, it goes and hits the side where the chest is currently disintegrated and exposed. As the arrow, using the power of Fenthras behind it, slams into the crystal, the crystal shatters. As it breaks, you watch as Thordak goes (crazed laughter) and the form begins to slowly shrink. (growling) He seems to be grinning and laughing through the pain as the swollen, primordial dragon form of Thordak begins to slowly wither and wither. That's still a pretty fucking huge dragon. (laughter) Now there are hanging folds of dragon hide skin. The form shrunk, but portions still are sagging off of it. At the end of your turn, he's going to use two legendary actions to wing attack. Trying to whip the wings much faster now due to the somewhat dire circumstances. I need Pike, and currently just Pike, to make a dexterity saving throw. Nope. Pike takes 20 points of bludgeoning damage and eight points of fire damage reduced to four. He's going to fly up-- There we go. You both do. Really? So go ahead and roll damage for both of them. Yes, you do. No. You add those two. So roll the damage first, and then double the dice. Correct. You double the dice. Including the d4 and d6 from your weapon and your enlarged status. Nice, and Pike's? Okay. Perfect. You both strike, as the now-diminished form of Thordak begins to pull backward, eyes looking around. The piercing star-like white light of the eyes seems to have slowly recoiled into a glowing reddish-orange. And you can now see where the crystal once was in the chest, there is just a gaping hole where bits of flesh and dragon muscle are hanging out, occasionally slopping out of the wound. He's pulling back. All right. Yep. Okay. Misses. Hits. 22 hits. Yeah. Okay. You're going to stay there? All right. So you are currently up here, in Thordak's face. Cool, so that ends Vax's turn. Kima-- That wyvern just can't seem to keep itself standing. She's just going to move towards Raishan. She's going to move over to this wall. Okay. That's ends Kima's turn, going over there. Pike's turn. Pike is knocked prone from the spell earlier. Well, she has to roll to attack with her spell bonus, her spell attack bonus. 24 hits. 26? Nice. As the guiding bolt slams into the side of Thordak's side, you can see this glimmering beacon of light. The next attack against Thordak has advantage. So 2d4 plus five. To herself? Okay. Jarett went and got you illicit drugs, Scanlan! Eight? Okay, so Jarett is healed up eight points. Where the terrible burns are, most of them seem to heal, or at least scar to a point where he comes to consciousness. He's like, "What happened?" "Right." Grabs the crossbow to the side, leans up. So was that Pike's turn? All right, was that Pike's turn? Scanlan, you're up. You roll it, that's fine. Correct. So you recast Bigby's Hand? Go ahead and roll a spell attack. So plus ten to that. 23 hits. So that would be? 27? Nice. All right. Percival. Unless you want to move, Scanlan. Percival. Your turn. 4d4 plus four, yeah. Correct. 23 hits. That's an additional 4d6 damage. Your hair sticks up a little bit. Your nipples get a little pointy. (laughter) Okay. One of the fingered claws of Thordak gets blasted off from the impact from Bad News, the energy arcing through the rest of his arm from Cabal's Ruin. The second shot, however, having to aim, manages to just barely miss Vax. He gets in the way of the shot, and you have to shoot wide and it misses entirely. Is that your turn? At the end of Percy's turn, Thordak's going to go ahead and use his third legendary action. To do a tail attack against Vax. That is a 22 to hit? All right. So that brings us to-- we're going to say this will be... all right. The ground shakes. A 60-foot radius around the dragon, as just the presence of Thordak, the ground just begins quaking beneath. You watch as fissures of small volcanic energy begin to break from underneath. Pretty much everybody-- Yep. Except for you, who's in the air. Need to make a dexterity saving throw. It's a fighter ability. Pike? Grog, Keyleth, Percy, Pike, Gilmore, all get knocked prone from the ground quaking as you all fall on your back. You manage to brace yourself against the wall real fast, Vex. (laughs) No. He just gets shaken on the ground. Raishan does not get her breath back. She is, however, going to utilize Chain Lightning. All right. Chain Lightning. Dexterity saving throw. That's a success for Thordak. Sorry, I'm trying to get through this. Okay, so that is halved. Halved, that is 18 points of lightning damage. Vax, make a dexterity saving throw. 26, okay. You suffer 18 points of lightning damage as the bolt of energy that strikes Thordak then arcs into you because you're right next to it. No, you've already used it. So yeah. That ends that. Going to take off and land right there next to that guy. That's the lizardman that fell from the wyvern. Keyleth, you're up. Keyleth, you're up. No. What's the range on Blight? Nope. Thordak is 50 feet in the air. You could climb up and cast it, if you wanted to try that. All righty. Thordak's save is 19. Thordak's going to use his second legendary resistance to make it. So go ahead and roll damage. 8d10. So half that is 24 points of lightning damage. Raishan's not even in that range. You do not have visual range on Percy right now. Sure, you move into the house? Okay. Still prone, but better. That end your turn? All right. Jarett's turn. Jarett gets up. Jarett still only has a view of the dragon and is like, "What happened to-- that's weird." Missed the whole exchange. But gets the gist of it. Disadvantage. Misses. Natural 20, disadvantage. 15, still hits. Not a critical, unfortunately. But a ten on damage, that's 13 piercing damage. No, I think that would instill more fear. Logistically. Right. Gilmore gets up from the ground. So he's going to cast another 4th-level Lightning Bolt. Thordak fails his save. Is going to use his last resistance to get that, 'cause he's doing real rough. He's rolling shit tonight. 14 points of lightning damage. No, 16. Okay. All righty. That's Gilmore's turn. It's Grog and Thordak's turn. Okay. Thordak is 40 feet up. Sure. Right now? Yeah. You have advantage. Roll again. 38 points of damage. Sure. You can get right there. Thordak, who is physically falling apart at this point, sections just sloughing off, and just the whole experience has been sending his physical-- his whole physical form is wrecked right now. The word escapes me that I was looking for. He's going to go ahead and turn and go into a full flight. You're riding him? Dash into the dark hole within. You need to go ahead and roll a strength saving throw to try and maintain grip as the dragon goes into a full dive. 15. You do manage to make it inside the tunnel, but you lose your grip and then go into a full tumble, hitting the ground. It's a decline, it's a 45-degree angle downward. Yes. Roll an acrobatics check to stop yourself. 25, okay. So you do tumble and come to a stop. You don't take any damage from the fall, and you stop yourself from doing a tumble, but it is still a decline into darkness below, and you just watch as the back end of Thordak's barely flying form slams into the side of the tunnel and continues swooping away. He just begins to leave outside of your darkvision. As of right now, we are, yes. So. Finishing, that is Thordak's go. Vex, you're up. Okay. So you are hasted, so you get down and you basically have just enough movement to catch up to your brother. And you get the broom out. You're both down there in the darkness by yourselves. You guys watch as the rest of them dive into the hole. Vax, you're up. How far does your darkvision go for? He's outside of your darkvision. This is happening after your turn. So you begin to dart forward? Well, your movement is not 120 feet. You're still flying through there? Right, so your wings are still out there. Okay. Okay. So yeah, you begin to come in, you see him just begin to come into your visual range. Still away from you. Okay. You land on his back. I would say you have disadvantage on these strikes, as you're currently gripping onto a flying dragon underneath a cavern ripping through. You have advantage on them automatically, which means you don't have disadvantage on these strikes, but you do not get the automatic sneak attack. No. No. Essentially, you would have advantage, and then trying to grip onto him and through the middle of this tunnel and slamming into him, you would have disadvantage, and so they both cancel to just a regular attack. What was the first one? 24 hits. Second one was a natural 20? All right. Correct. 21, nice. Okay. How do you want to do this? (yelling) As the blade plunges into Thordak's now-sloughing and soft flesh, exposed through a series of wounds and gashes left behind by your allies, and his form just slowly shriveling into its diminutive space, the dagger cuts cleanly through, and with that force you go all the way up to the shoulder as you reach inside. As you finish saying your phrase, your eyes narrow and you clench your teeth, and as you pull back and yank, there's this strange series of low whispers that come into your ears, and as you pull back, you watch as these bits of greyish energy begin to pour out of the air, coalescing around the blade, fitting into the body where you're currently plunged within. As you yank outward, you watch as the blade almost has an extended edge about ten, 15 feet beyond Whisper's actual-- and this blade edge just leaves a giant wound on the side of Thordak's body. You don't even hear an exclamation of pain as Thordak just slowly slams into the ground of this low, barely glowing tunnel. Roll an acrobatics check with disadvantage. 25. So with the speed and impact of tumbling, you manage to reduce the damage by half, so you-- Right. That is 17 points of bludgeoning damage. No, that's halved. So that would bring it to 8. As you watch Thordak's form sputter, roll, and then tumble, grinding to a halt, gathering a bunch of stone, broken rock, and part of the cavern that's on the verge of collapsing from the impact of Thordak's body, now lifeless, still in the darkness, subterranean tunnel. And we're going to take a break. (yelling) You want to? And now we'll take a break. So we'll be back here in a few minutes. Check out the video here during the break, and we'll be back in a few minutes, guys. [break] You'll receive this awesome dice tray signed by us. Half of us at the break, and the other half will sign before the night is out. But it's coming your way real soon. Congratulations, DetectiveKane! Get this out of my fucking face! Somebody take it from me! It feels so good to be able to do that, but it feels better when it's immediate. Otherwise, it feels, like, kinda good. All right, so. Picking up where we left off. The rest of you watch as Thordak swooped into the hole that he emerged from, quickly followed by Vex and Vax. There is still on the field-- Raishan just tore into this lizard man. We have a fire giant that is unscathed currently, bearing down on the rest of the party, and a wyvern rider back around this wall section here. That being the case, they end that turn there. First up is Lady Kima. Who is pissed that she hasn't had a chance to really do anything tonight against flying dragons. That's what she's going to do. Paladins that don't fly and have haste have a hard time getting around. Just so you know. Watching this giant whale upon Percy pisses her off, and she cracks her neck. "You're first." And she leaps down. And she's going to multi-attack against him. That is-- that hits. And the other also hits. Even with a minus five on each for her Great Weapon Master. She's also going to Divine Smite on that at a level three. First strike is a 14, plus ten, 24. Plus 11, 35. 42 points of damage on her first strike against the giant. And the second strike is 24 points of damage. So that fire giant's already had a big chunk taken out of its-- Kima rushes up and double strikes with her Holy Avenger, one cleaving off a piece of its armor, the second one cuts through, leaving a giant flash of divine energy as it bursts out the side. She looks up in the eyes and says, "Bahamut says hi." That ends Kima's turn. Pike is up now. Technically-- I was going to say, the giant was going on Thordak's turn order. So I technically skipped the giant's turn. That's fine. I'll do the giant's turn now. The giant, who has watched Percy get pulled away, steps in to get into melee range with both Kima and Grog. And is going to take a strike on each. Takes an attack on Kima and rolls-- that's a 20, that hits. And then roll Grog-- that is a 29. That's 28 points of damage to Kima and-- it's fun to roll against the players. 33 points of slashing damage against you, Grog. 16. 21. That hits. 32 points of damage, nice. The giant already in that round of attacks and your retaliation is-- it has its giant greatsword on the ground, it's rearing up for its next round of arcing attacks. That brings us to Pike. What's Pike doing now? All right, go ahead and roll a melee spell attack. 18 just hits. Nope. It does, but it's not the same. The giant sees the flash of light as the bolt comes towards it, out the corner of its eye. As it has its blade down, it instead ducks underneath, using Grog for cover briefly as it arcs past its shoulder and shoots off through the cloud, out of sight. It's not. Okay. d4 plus five. There you go. Six points to Pike. Scanlan, you're up. Yeah, Bigby could just get into range melee there for it. That hits. Go ahead and roll your 6d8. We'll go with 34 on that. Cool. So, as the giant ducks out of the way of the Guiding Bolt streaking past, it snickers and grins, says something in Giant which you hear, which is-- You didn't even hear what he said yet! "Insolents, bow to your king!" And then, as it brings the sword up, while it saw the glimmer of the Guiding Bolt, it didn't see the purple glimmer of the shining fist as it comes up and whack right across the jaw, dislocating it briefly as the fist comes back up and is ready for another round. Still standing, but looking pretty rough. That brings us to-- Okay. Greater Healing Potion is 4d4 plus four, yeah. Yes. So 14 hit points you heal. Correct. Correct. All righty. Scanlan, that finish your turn? Percival. Okay. So are you getting up? Go for it. All righty. Hits. So as the fist clocks him across the face, dislocating the jaw, it stands up and grabs the jaw and snaps it back into place. Looks up just in time for you to come up out of the shadow and (gunshots), turning the barrels, you fire, and the first shot hits in the side of the throat and blows open the neck. And you see as the blood begins to gout out, reaches up with a hand and it (gasps) but it's to no use as the other shot takes out the right eye, blowing out the back of the giant's head as it falls backward. Okay. All right, that ends Percy's turn. Top of the round, the lair actions do not function. However, you watch as the skyship Deera, still rotating around, there's still wyverns attacking. You hear the distant sounds of lightning cracks as well. And you hear very, very distantly what sounds like a-- sorry, internet-- a cacophony of voices. Because there's no other word to describe it. Hundreds and hundreds of voices, all shouting combat war cries simultaneously. You have no idea how far away it is, it's very, very faint, you just pick it up. You hear the sound of impacts, of crumbling stone in the distance. There is a battle happening all throughout the city that is slowly making its way towards your current location. Deera's turned around and is going to take two shots at Raishan, because it's going to fire at whatever dragons are there. Damon was not notified of anything otherwise. Rolled an eight, and an eight. No, it does not hit. Oh, she gets three attacks, because the-- Three eights in a row. That's ridiculous. Yeah! That's not a three, that's an eight. Absurd. So yeah, (boom, boom, boom) all on the ground, and Raishan spins in place (growls), "Call off your "dogs! We still have a deal!" Which, Raishan at this point is now leaping (whoosh) and disappears into the portal-- or down into the hole in the ground. All right. At this point, full speed, that is-- 60 feet, yeah. You guys, as you're having this moment hugging each other-- You hear (wings flapping) (smash) The ground shakes nearby as you turn and see, you watch as Raishan skids to a halt right next to you and the currently smashed corpse of Thordak within the tunnel. Raishan is watching both of you as she begins to walk towards Thordak's corpse and goes, "You've done well." 80 foot flying, this wyvern swoops in. The one that was left earlier, that was after you, is going to swoop in and attempt to make two strikes at Kima. Miss. And a three. Miss. And the rider's going to go ahead and make two strikes at her as well. Miss with a 17. And a two! Kima's like deflecting, getting against the wall as the spear shoots by and as the blade comes down from the rider, she strikes it with the sword and stops it mid-air, and she starts laughing in his face. That ends its go. Keyleth, you're up. Are you doing a double move? Double move? Are you doing a dash action? Okay. So you begin to make it into the hole. That brings us to Jarett's turn. Jarett is going to turn the corner, he's like, "So it's gone? Okay, good." Loads the crossbow, sees the wyvern, and goes, "Are you-- no, are you-- seriously?" and takes his shots. Nice, 19. Yeah, two shots against the wyvern. 14 points of damage. He's not the heroic individual you guys are necessarily. He is, in his own field. All righty. So that ends his turn there, those two shots. Both sink into the wyvern, both bolt stuns (snarling). That will end his go. Gilmore, recognizing the circumstance here and everyone's rushing in there, he's going to go ahead and... okay, he'll go, "Actually, me first." And he Dimension Doors to the edge, and begins to charge in after you guys. That brings us to Grog. Okay. So you move into melee with the wyvern and the rider. Hits. We'll say for the sake of brevity, you're going to wipe out the wyvern. Because you're giant Grog. The lizard man is left, yes. If you want to. Well, all three of your attacks would be what it would take to take out the wyvern. So as you finish cleaving the wyvern down, it falls over and the lizard man's like (snarls). (reptilian whimper) It looks conflicted. Vex. It's your go. You have Raishan like (booming footsteps) stepping over to Thordak's body, watching you closely. "Exactly what we talked about. Learning his secret." Okay. The tunnel that you're in, it's been a steady decline. It's rounded off a little bit and it begins to open up maybe 70 feet ahead of you. Actually, with your darkvision, you would just barely start to see it begin to open, it looks like there's an actual chamber ahead of all of you guys, but you haven't reached it yet. Okay. So as you move in, you can see there's a very, very faint glow of orange and red in the room, and the whole tunnel here has a very, very, very concentrated natural burning chemical smell to it. A lot of sulfur-type, very putrid, pungent smells. And the glow you can now see, there is a lava flow that is coalescing in the center of this room, or at least is pouring through, and it looks like it's bisecting this room. You don't make out much more detail than that at this distance, but you do see this chamber does have an actual flow of liquid rock. Vax. Okay. Pike, Scanlan, you guys all follow suit? Okay, at a full run you guys can get, at your tiny feet you can get up towards the edge there. Right, Percival. Yeah, you do, you get up there and inside. Raishan comes up to the body of Thordak and you see that she reaches up under one of her scales and pulls out a small leather case. Pops open the case. And sits back and pulls open a somewhat weathered scroll. And starts reading off of it. (magical language) Okay. Hold on. You say attack based on-- Because you don't see this yet. She hasn't touched him yet. But you're attacking on your own instinct. All right. I will say, for this, go ahead and make a dexterity check. 28, okay. So you can make your attack. This with the dagger? She's maybe like 20 feet, so you can-- Well, you held your action, which means you can only take your action, you can't move as well. 20 feet. That's true, you can do that, yeah. So yeah, you can do that. A 23? Okay. So it was-- 29 hits. The first one... Right. The 19 was the one that didn't hit. No, because you've used all your attacks. Okay, so what was the first attack? It was-- 15? 15 plus nine. So the first attack was 15. Okay, maintains concentration. Maintains concentration. Okay. So as both daggers come, you watch as it's muttering from the scroll, not both of her eyes, but one of the eyes turns to face you. Yeah. And narrows. The scroll finishes and (poof) turns to ash. And similar to something you've seen before, you watch as Thordak's corpse, which is currently buried into the rock with the face to the side, the breath filters into the mouth. The body still motionless, you recognize this similar or adjacent magic to the Speak With Dead-- Yes. So as soon as that finishes, Raishan-- the other eye flickers over. Now both eyes are on you. And says, "Know what you're doing." (chuckles) Okay. Raishan is going to... Hmm. Let me check one thing real fast. Well, I'm trying to see what her reaction's going to be. Oh, okay. She feels comfortable with that. She goes, "Well, then. Come claim me!" And just steps away from Thordak. And with one big push of the wings, turns around and coasts into the chamber beyond you. Beyond, you can see her form disappear into the darkness. There's a little bit of an orange glow in there, but given that circumstance, yeah, she disappears into the shadows of the room. No, she's going the opposite direction. She flew away from your brother. But your brother did throw three daggers into her, and then said she was going to die. So what are you going to do, attack or not? You watched your brother throw three daggers into Raishan, and tell her that she's going to die, and then Raishan basically abandoned Thordak's body and fled. Flew over you, and past, into the chamber. Go for it. Roll your attacks! Roll your attacks. Nope. Yeah. (laughter) Hah, apparently! So roll damage on one arrow strike. And it is, your hand's shaking at this moment, you're trying to figure out what to do. When she flies overhead, you release one arrow, pull back and pull another, and the second one is right as she's over and above, sinks in. And the third one, you fire after, and it hits the rock ceiling. 15 points of damage. All righty. Raishan just swoops into the darkness of the chamber beyond. Keyleth. You just manage to catch up at this point now, at a full run, this will be your full turn, catching up to Vex and Vax. Or Vax specifically, Vex is a little beyond, aggressive stance, Raishan nowhere to be seen, Thordak's corpse ground into the dirt. Okay. Jarett and Gilmore, at this point, manage to catch up to you guys, as well. It'll take a while for Grog and Kima to catch up to you guys. It's true, actually, yeah. Well, Grog, it's staring at you, going like (growl). Make a strength check. 25? There's this moment where you're grabbing its head, and it reaches up and (frantic snarl). A very Riki-oh type moment. The head just pops outward in a smear of purple gore. (chuckles) Bigby's Hand claps the wall, applause. (laughter) You look over at Kima, and Kima's kind of spattered with it, and she goes, "Well done!" "All right, all right." You're going your movement, about there, full speed. Kima's a little slower behind. She'll catch up at a full double-dash speed, there. Jarett and everybody else has kind of moved in. We'll say at this point, the rest of you-- He can't do anything, he's having a bad day, man. So you guys all charge in after? No, you guys are far behind. So it's currently you three in the lead. Do you want to move Bigby's Hand? Nah. So you guys kind of rush into this chamber now, and the heat in here is more immense than anything you felt on the surface. This is kind of the core of the volcanic surge that Thordak's presence was pulling upward. You see within, there's this flow of lava. I want the three of you to roll perception checks, if you can. Well, are you looking for Raishan, or are you inspecting the room for details? I was rolling to see just the general vicinity of the room. You guys, the first thing you notice as you glance around, is there are some kind of alcoves inside this chamber where the rock formations pull inward. You see kind of set into the stone and various bits of fallen rock and earth, a handful, somewhat spread out throughout the room, a handful of large nine-foot-tall dark, deep crimson red with crystalline elements to the outside, ovoid structures. These are what appear to be larger than normal, elementally altered dragon eggs. Five of them in the chamber. He's a ways back. If you want to try and move back to him, you can. But, with your high perception, you glance up and see in the ceiling portion of this chamber where there are a number of these small caverns that are pressed up to the side, you see out of the top just the slight peeking of Raishan's face, kind of looking down into the chamber above you. And you watch as the teeth, something muttering in the mouth, the teeth grin as the ceiling of the room, you watch distortion in the air above you. Almost like these small portals kind of (multiple fwooshes) open, and coming flying out of them, you see four large, flaming rocks. Rocks. These are massive, fiery, meteorite-like boulders, that come firing out of the ceiling of the room (crashing sounds). Slamming into the ground around you, exploding in a massive explosions, rocking you. All you see is white, and ringing in your ears as your bodies are thrown from explosion to explosion. I need the three of you to make dexterity saving throws. You guys take half damage. Well, here, let's do the first part. So, there's the fire damage. Which is 20d6. You had to beat 22. Right, so you take zero damage from this. Both of you take 63 points of fire damage. Halved, to 31. And then you each take 70 points of bludgeoning damage. As these flaming arcane meteors crash into the ground, detonating and destroying a portion of the cavern floor, lava spatters everywhere, and you watch as you duck out of the way as, Keyleth, what are your hit points at? 18 points. Set your hit points to that. You watch as your sister is thrown, her body unconscious, flung in the air like a ragdoll as it scatters to one end of the cavern. You can see the volcanic activity billowing up from the recent shaking of the room, as bits of the molten rock are flung across, as the green dragon face kind of withdraws in the cave. And I think that's where we're going to pick up next year. (yelling) We will pick this up in January. That's called Meteor Swarm. That's a 9th-level spell. You're right. She has nothing else up her sleeve. So. On that note. This could possibly be a whole different encounter, I don't want to keep you guys here until 1 AM. I know Laura has to record in the morning. Well. Guys. This will be interesting. (groaning) Regardless. (laugh) We are out for the evening, thank you all for sticking with us for this longer episode. Yeah, the half-elves are down here in this chamber, with the Thordak eggs. (laughs) Anyway, guys. Thank you so much for watching, thank you guys for kicking ass in that battle. Talks Machina on Tuesday. It's the Critmas episode, check it out.