Welcome, everybody, to Critical Role! Our Thursday night show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons and roll dice and all that fun stuff in between! So for all you new folks, welcome to our chaos. For all you old folks, thanks and welcome back. We have a number of announcements to get through. I'll try and cruise through them as fast as humanly possible. Pardon my phone as a reminder. Google docs are a delightful thing. Starting off, I wanted to direct all you Critters to our official Twitter, @CriticalRole, for official news and announcements. You're welcome to still tweet at us for individual cast fun but we do have our official source for all official announcements, times, and our appearances. That would be the one to pay attention to. Go to @CriticalRole, follow it and any important stuff that comes in the future will be available via that Twitter. Awesome. Next up this weekend we're all going to be at New York Comic Con, which is going to be awesome. We have a two hour block from noon to 200 PM Saturday, October 12th. Where is it at? What's the room? It's not on the Google Doc. Curse you, Google doc! But Saturday from noon to 200 PM, and then on Sunday, for those who can't make the actual convention, we're having an off-site gathering of Critters at the wonderful and illustrious comic book store Forbidden Planet. That will be from 230 to 430. Our time block shifted a little later in the day. 230 to 430, Forbidden Planet, we'll be there. We'll be signing autographs, meeting you guys, chatting it up, and we'll be debuting our brand new awesome poster here, exclusively for the New York Comic Con. Our Critical Role poster! We're super excited about it. This was wonderfully designed by one of our fellow Critters Joma Cueto. Joma did the art and Kim Davis did the actual layout and design. Both did an amazing job. We're going to have a bunch of these available. We'll be signing them for you guys, and we'll hope to see you there. The Wikia stage on Saturday, near hall 1A, the Wikia stage at noon to 200 PM. Come find us on Saturday, we're going to be there. Also, a ton of mail was recently received just after Critmas. If your gifts weren't seen this last Critmas, they're probably in this batch. So next Critmas is probably going to be a long haul. It's going to be a doozy! But we're excited about that. That'll be the first Thursday of November, so look forward to that happening then. Next update. If you haven't been paying attention, we've been having occasional interviews once a week of our cast going up on Geek and Sundry's website. Today we had Travis's go up and if you haven't checked them out you should. It's a little step into our mindset, our crazy history and background of how this whole thing got started. Silly things ensue. So go read them if you have the chance, if you haven't yet. Or wait until after the show. Also, as of today we now have in the Geek and Sundry store Critical Role key chains and necklaces. Pretty rad. I'm really excited. They're metal and awesome. They're of our logo and if you feel like being as nerdy as we are and want to adorn your key chains with them, they are there available for your purchase. Mithril's hard to sculpt properly. Takes a while. Couple of other things, Protocol95, congratulations. You will be winning the first bundle. Every 100 subscribers there will be another giveaway within the chat room. You have to be active in the chat to be up for it. It includes a cast photo signed by the cast of Critical Role, possibly signed while he's wearing that awesome beard. And a wonderful piece of art from our main artist Kit Buss, also signed by the cast of Critical Role. So every 100 subscribers, that giveaway goes out in the chatroom. Be active and bring your friends on to subscribe so you can win one. Last thing I want to mention, this has been a question that's come up quite a bit, some people are definitely eager to hear the information, so I had the pleasure on Monday this week of designing and running a very quick game of Dungeons and Dragons for Vin Diesel. Let's just cross that bucket list item off immediately. That was ridiculous. So it was a lot of fun. He was fantastic, super awesome, genuine, and was really excited-- Vin Diesel was one of our bucket list players. So we've already knocked one off on the show. Get matching tennis shoes, and it'll be great. Next Thursday at the midpoint of next week's Critical Role, we are going to show a mostly complete video of that game. The full one will be released shortly thereafter, but next week, on Critical Role during the midpoint, we're going to show you the majority of that game session with him. Don't miss that. All of those answers at once. A majestic scent. It was delightful. We'll have interviews going up throughout the week, exclusively next week here on Thursday you'll be seeing most of that game here and then more stuff's coming out for the week thereafter. Really excited about that, and I custom-made a witchhunter class for him that I tailored for that level, and there's been such a wide response for everyone asking about the class that I've now spent a lot of my free time that I'm not preparing for this game now customizing a homebrew witchhunter class for all of you to partake in. So that'll be fun and probably coming out sometime next week. It'll probably be broken. You're welcome to homebrew my homebrew, I'm not perfect, but it should be fun and a cool guide for some people to give it a shot as a player class, so look forward to that. Liam, you got a couple things to announce? We are legion. Happy unbirthday to Sam's mom, who is also a Critter. You should go follow her on Twitter. Any other announcements? Or shall we dive in? Really? That's awesome! (cheering) That's awesome. Go show your support for Fiona, and awesome! Let's go ahead and bring the mood back to our realm of imagination and fantasy and be back here in just a minute with the beginning of this night's Critical Role. [dramatic music] Isn't it, though? "Cow-mouflage." And engaged a guardian of this roc, a gnome druid who had been removed from society for quite some time. After some rather roundabout and at some points on-the-edge-of-conflict conversation, they managed to convince him to instead take the bird and flee across the Ozmit Sea, to the northwest, towards Vasselheim, where it would be a much better landscape for the creature to thrive and grow. After that, the party is making their way back. Right around the beginning of daybreak, towards the keep. So that is where we left off. Percy. Darkness. Cold, lonely darkness. A flicker of light. It swells, bright, white, blinding, then flashes of your family, screaming. Julius, silenced by a bolt to the throat. Vesper, thrown from a tower wall. Your younger brothers' lifeless bodies tossed in a pile. The smell of death filling your cell. Your father Frederick, a blade jutting from his chest, slick with crimson. Your mother, Johanna, burned with irons, screaming. Cassandra, running towards you, calling your name into the night, begging you to help. One, two, three arrows. She falls. Darkness once more. Darkness and red. Red of blood. Red of burning fire. The sky is fire. The world burns with flame and iron. The smoke rises from the cinders, coalescing into a face, black as soot with eyes as burning coals, and a wicked grin. It speaks with a raspy, rumbling bass, like a slow-moving landslide. "You hold your vengeance, Percival. You made it. You only need to take it for yourself. "Make the world right. My gift is yours, and your gift shall bring justice. Our bargain stands eager "to close." You suddenly come to consciousness, gasping loudly against the air. You feel the warmth of the forge across the side of the workshop crawling across your face. You are sitting at your workbench, having fallen asleep amidst a pile of contraptions in mid-construction. As you look around, you can see your leather gloves are still on, apron on, blackened soot spread across your face, and a series of things you were in mid-build on broken before you on your workshop table. There's nobody in the room, and you have no idea. You're underground in the workshop. You haven't seen the sun probably for a good day and a half. You have no idea quite how long you've been down here, and you've been left alone for quite some time. You go and open the metallic door that leads into your workshop and come around the corner, and there's a chair set in the corner, where Jarett would be sitting, one of the head guards at your facility. Jarett, however, is standing, hands up to his throat, going (choking sounds) with no visible assailant. I want you to go ahead and roll initiative. And that's how Percy does it. All right. So what's your total? 28. (laughs) You are definitely-- Okay. You are up first. What do you want to do? As you come around the corner and you see this visual in front of you. If you want to go ahead and roll for Trinket, too. 19? Nice. It looks like he's trying to remove something from around his neck, and looking down, you can see his feet are actually off the ground, kicking. It looks like there's a little bit of air wisping around behind him. You can certainly go for it and try. You can try, it'll be with disadvantage, but you can definitely make it. This will be disadvantage against an invisible assailant. So what's the total? Total of 15? Still hits. Okay. What's the DC on that? Sure enough. You see all of a sudden the air go (gasp) and Jaret falls to his knees (coughs). Go for it. Jarett's on his knees, prone, essentially. You still have disadvantage on these. No, you still have disadvantage on these. It is still an invisible creature. 20 hits. 13 does not hit. Oh. Yes. 20 hits. Nine points of damage. (gunshots) The gunshots are echoing through the hallway. Whatever this weird entity is, you can see some of the nearby cloth and dust swirl up from its movement, you hear this (gasping sound), this angry sucking sound in the air around you. Do you want to move, or are you staying where you are? You see some sort of shimmer of wind come around the corner towards you. This one turns around and (whooshing sound) over to the bars, and you can see in the distance, it's moving over towards where your captive currently is. I'm getting to that. At the end of this combat round, all of you guys are right toward the outskirts of the keep, and you hear the muffled ringing of gunshots from the inside of the keep. You do hear this as you're just getting to the outer gates. No, he is not. The entity swooshes down the stairs and comes at you. That's going to be a 22. And a 12. It swings towards you, and a giant slam of extremely condensed air with a raking claw impact hits you in the torso, doing 15 points of bludgeoning damage. The other one swings out, same direction. This time you actually pull off to the side and knock it out of the way with your Pepperbox. The one back there is going to attempt to grapple. Succeeds. That's its action, and you can see the driver that you had put into prison is currently being (choking) making strangling sounds in the distance. That ends it. Trinket's up. All right, go ahead and roll for the attack. That will hit! (laughs) It begins. So roll 2d4 and then multiply those by two. 17 damage, nice. Trinket runs up, coming out of his somewhat sleepy stupor, goes for a bite attack and grabs nothing with it, and turns around and rakes a claw backwards, manages to get the back of whatever this entity is, and you hear it scream (gasping scream). You do, at least. Yes, it could've, because it uses half its movement speed to get up. Its movement is actually 50. Not that you know that. But it moved far for what you think it should've been able to. Congrats. (laughs) I'm proud of you. Jarett then gets up, sees this happening, moves over, and pulls out the key to try and open the prison door. Spends the turn doing so. Manages to get the door open. That's the end of Jarett's turn. Okay, now, the rest of you guys roll initiative. Let it roll naturally. That would normally count, but it's fine. Wherever it lands, you take it, going forward. Okay, so 25 to 20? You hear the gunshot. You're entering this intensity. So Scanlan stays behind. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? What are your scores? LIAM and Vex, what'd you get again? 15, Tiberius. And what'd you get, Vax? 15, all right. Three 15s. You got three? Okay. All right, so you guys all spend your turn, if you choose to, to rush through the gates. As soon as the gunshots go off, you can see Shayne's up on top, and she sees it, gives a quick turn, and you can see the gates begin to open, and you hear this angry grunting as your half-orc guard is now pulling the doors open as fast as he can. You guys find a moment and slip through, running towards the front of the keep. You guys manage to get, with full dash and full turn, including your flight-- because you fly a little bit faster, but you have a little more of an arc to get over-- you guys get to the front of the keep this turn. So you won't get into this until next round. That brings it back to the top. Percy, you're up. It's hard to see. You can ignore cover, but you have this entity in front of you. I mean, you'll be at disadvantage regardless, because you're shooting at something invisible, and you have something that's in melee of you and you have a ranged weapon. You glance down at the glove, and you see the gemstone in the center of the palm is currently dark and lifeless. Currently? I mean, you can if you want to. It'll get a free strike on you. The one in front of you? Okay. Go for it. With disadvantage on each shot. So Pepperbox (explosion sound). You go to shoot, and-- The barrel gets clogged, and the front of it actually catches fire for a second, and you have to shake it out right now. It's completely offset, and it's going to take a moment to even get it to where you can fire again. You do. And you've used one attack. You have two more attacks. Yeah, that weapon you have to use an action to repair. Okay. Go ahead and make a melee attack. This is strength-based. Add your proficiency modifier and your strength modifier. You still have disadvantage on it because you can't see it. And you're not proficient. 15 just barely hits. (cheering) Okay, so four points of damage, as you bludgeon it. You took a turn to get it out. Your third attack is then slamming it in the side. Whatever entity you smacked gets pushed against the wall. Go ahead and roll a d20 for me. Okay. So the impact does not appear to damage Bad News in this instance. It is a fragile construct, and even doing melee attacks with it does subject it to a misfire possibility. I know. Okay, so that concludes your turn? Okay, you stay there. All right. The one that's in front of you now is going to go ahead and go over this way. Trinket-- well, no, it's still in melee, so it doesn't actually get an attack. It does get two strikes on you. That is a 17. And that is 18. So it does just hit you. No, I've eliminated that. No, the dodge is not there. It rarely came into play. Okay, so that puts you at another 15 points of bludgeoning damage as it just smacks you right across the head. Your eyes go dizzy for a second, and you take a minute to refocus your vision, and you can now see in the air, the shimmering expression that looks like a humanoid face stretched and ghastly going (gasps) in front of you, but it's still barely even visible, and only because of the proximity to you are you able to actually make out any sort of shape or shimmer in the air in front of you. The other one is attempting to choke out the prisoner. However, the prisoner resists through athletics, so he's currently holding back at bay the strength of the entity. That ends its turn. Trinket's up. (laughs) To do a real leap, Trinket would have to back up and then run towards it. If Trinket wants to do that. Okay. So Trinket backs up. As it does, it gets one free swipe at Trinket. That is 18 to hit. I don't know why, either. Yeah, we'll say 18. So that hits. Trinket takes 15 points of bludgeoning damage as the entity swings out and backhands Trinket. However Trinket now leaps-- go ahead and make an athletics check. Athletics, yeah. 17. Yeah. Trinket leaps forward, slamming this entity onto the ground and knocking it prone, and you get to go ahead and make a bite attack. So Trinket manages to knock it prone, however, because it gets pushed out of the way, Trinket has a hard time, Trinket just makes a big slash and a bite out in the air where it once was and misses entirely. But he is knocked prone. Jarett's now going to attempt to grapple the entity. Jarett manages to reach out and grab onto whatever this creature is, hold onto it, just grappling, and is going to attempt to try and pull it back. For this, I will do a contested roll on that. It rolled a one. Jarett pulled it back that far, managing to let go of its quarry, and is currently holding onto some sort of angry, whirling entity at that point. That ends Jarett's turn. The rest of you guys all manage to make your way up into the armory up top. First is Vex. You rush in there, and what do you want to do? Okay. You can get just about there. (laughs) I would say this guy has three-quarters cover, so it would be disadvantage on the attack. You already have disadvantage because it's invisible, so it's hard to hit, regardless. 28? 28 hits. 15 points of damage. The first arrow sinks into whatever's there, and you can see it jutting out of no physical space. Technically, it's part of your attack. You can do two attacks first, then you can bonus action, so you're like (arrow sounds) and then you Hunter's Mark it after. Second shot shatters against the back wall of the stone. You can Hunter's Mark for your bonus. All right. Entity is now Hunter's Marked. That ends Vex's turn. Keyleth, you now also make your way into the doorway. About there. Nothing's in visual sight right now, unfortunately. No, half of that was getting to that point. You could dash and try and make your way in, but you wouldn't be able to do anything. You could, yeah. Your call. What do you got? Grog, you're on deck. Okay. Keyleth waits there. Grog, you're up. You have a little better movement, so you actually manage to get two more squares in. What's your speed again? 50? Yeah, you manage to get up to there, and now your turn begins. All right, so you charge in. Angry, you see Jarett's currently reaching back and trying to go for his crossbow now that this entity's in his face. He's grappled it with one arm and he's reaching back to try and grab it. You come rushing in. Go for it. All right. Cool. So as you pull out (glass breaking) the pain from the glass even further angers you in your rage. You can see a mix of holy water and blood trickle down from your fist as you clench it. Go ahead and swing for a punch with disadvantage. So that first strike just whiffs over. Through your anger, you're unable to focus on where this entity may be. What's the total? 15 just barely hits. Go ahead and roll. Go ahead and roll that. Half that damage, yes. Plus strength. So eight points of damage to it. All righty. (whack) It hits, and you hear this (yelps) sound as it takes the impact, and you can see this strange, angry face appear suddenly out of the shimmering air that just then disperses again, and you don't quite know where it is. You can make a third strike now, if you want. Did not appear to have any additional effect on the entity. 19 still hits. Go ahead and roll the next attack. Eight damage again. (whack) You backhand it with your third strike, this time finding the edge of its face again, and you see the chair right next to it tumble as it barely manages to catch itself and keep itself aloft. Nevertheless, this strange invisible entity is still there holding its ground. You look over at Jarett. Jarett's currently trying to grab onto the creature and keep it grappled. So yeah, it's spattering on him. (laughs) All right, that ends Grog's turn. Vax and Tiberius. You guys both get up to the edge of this room here. That'll hit. (laughter) 25, all right. 15 just barely hits. All right. So as you rush over, you stab downward. You hear this (gurgle) sound as your blade comes down into whatever entity's there, and your hand moves around as it struggles against the blade. You pull it out, grab your other dagger, and then throw it in the air, catch it, slam it down again for that third strike, and then pull back and stab a third time. Supple bear. #SuppleBear. All right, that ends your turn. Tiberius, what are you doing? That's about as far as you can get with your movement. You currently do not have visual on either of them. You're flying. What's your fly speed? You said that last time, and we found out it was 40, I believe wasn't it? You have a card and yet I find it faster. It is 60. You're right. Yeah, so you can go double. You are now just coasting down the stairway. All right, go for it. Correct. There's one over here that has Grog and Jarett flanking. The other one has Percy, Vax, and Trinket all around it. That one's actually prone on the ground. It's hard to see normally; it's very hard to see now that it's swarmed. You have visual of both entities, whatever they are. No, you have not rested yet. Yeah, you're still where you were when you came back. Are you doing this single-stream? Okay. How much damage is it? Okay, and what's the saving throw? 17, okay. Jarett and Vax have to make saving throws, as well. Go ahead and make that. Jarett rolled an 18 and has high dex, so yeah, Jarett makes his save. That's half-damage for Jarett. All right. So you take no damage, because you're a rogue. Go ahead and roll damage. That's 18 for one. This one fails, this one succeeds. It's actually not prone. They're immune to being prone. So how much is that? Okay. Got you. It would if it wasn't immune. However, as you arc down, the ice blast comes through. You can see Vax manages to pull down to the ground and get out of the way in time. Jarett ducks out of the way and it blasts over, hitting both these entities. Ice crackles around both their forms, but then the forms shift out of it. That ends your turn right there. Comes back to Scanlan. You are right there. Just entered the room behind everybody else. Over here. No, you just see, currently, these three down the hallway. You can just see Tiberius blast a bunch of ice, arc in the air. Currently, you see Percy through this doorway right there. Yeah, Dimension Door is your action. d10 inspiration dice to you, Percy. d10, yeah. That brings it to the top of the combat round. Percy, you're up first. Okay. So go ahead and make your check. That one shouldn't have changed, no. Nine. As you pull over your Pepperbox, you're like, (ping). The actual barrel comes off and hits the ground and rolls off toward the back of the room. The wraith is no longer on the ground, by the way. The entity actually, upon looking, is immune to being prone. So we won't retcon anything, but as you go to pull the barrel up, you can see now the face is standing up before you. Okay, so go ahead and roll with disadvantage with Bad News. 22 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 19. (gunshot) Bad News goes off. The sound is deafening in the room, the echoing of the explosion through the stone walls. I'm going to go ahead and have you roll a constitution saving throw. Vax. Both, maybe. Constitution saving throw. 15, okay. You don't go deaf, but your ears are ringing very hard. The entity screams and then disperses. Okay, so two more attacks. Or you have to use one to reload. 27 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. This time (gunshot), the shot goes off right by your head, Tiberius. You're flying in the air and you look down and see him pull Bad News out right beneath you, and before you have a chance to react, (gunshot) the flash of the muzzle just bursting forward, a big plume of black powder smoke fills the air around you. Make a constitution saving throw. Okay, you are considered deaf until the start of his next turn. So that ends your turn, Percy? All right. Next, this entity that's Hunter's Marked is going to rush forward, straight out of the grapple from Jarett. Shifts right out of his hands. Is going to run forward and take the double attack against the prisoner. That's a 19 plus six. 25 hits. And 15 hits, as well. Takes 30 points of damage. Is currently unconscious. Punches him twice, and you see the poor driver is knocked up into the ceiling, falls down onto the bed, and is half-laying off. You see blood trickling down the front of his face, his eyes open, and slowly close. That brings us to Trinket's turn. Actually, we're now going to roll Trinket into your turn. Okay. Trinket stays there until it's your turn. Jarett is going to rush forward and come to this corner. The crossbow is not much aid at this point. Reaches over and pulls out a short sword and lunges forward with the short sword. Yeah, with disadvantage, nine. Oh god. Rolls a 20 and a three. Great. Sorry, Jarett. Swinging through, trying to pierce through the bars at this entity, and can't seem to get any sort of attack to hit. Jarett got the door open, he came through to try and grab the creature, and as he tried to pull it back, the creature sifted through his hands again to go ahead and attack the prisoner. That ends Jarett's turn. Vex, it is now your turn. Yeah, you can see about there; it would give you visual on the entity. He is, yes. So both attacks at disadvantage. 15 hits. Just hits. 16 also hits-- oh, 16 damage. All right. Including the additional Hunter's Mark? 14 does not hit. The arrow disappears in the back of the cell, scattering and shattering against part of the stone wall. Correct. So Trinket rushes up, but doesn't attack. Okay. Trinket just cheers you on. (bear growl) Cool, that ends your turn. Keyleth. Okay. So as you cast that, it's going to attempt to make its save. What's the DC on that? And it fails with a 14. All right, so you guys watch as she reaches her hand out. The entire cell, all of a sudden there's a burst of purplish light, and these little dust-stars of purple glowing begin to drift down from the ceiling. As they do, they cling to whatever this form is, and you can now see, very clearly, this invisible entity that is surrounded in these purple sparkles. It looks humanoid from the torso up, but its legs are shimmering and shifting around. You now have a very clear look on it. You've nullified its invisibility. Gives advantage, as well? Yeah. You guys now all have advantage on this entity. Okay, so go ahead and roll for the Healing Word. How much does he heal? I think it's plus five, whatever it is. Healing Word, yeah. So it's plus six. 12. Got you. Okay. Desmond's eyes clarify for a second and he begins to breathe heavily. Still looking very wounded, but conscious and prone across the bed, as the entity that's Hunter's Marked is still looming over it, bringing its fists up for another round to try and finish its job. That ends your turn, Keyleth. Grog, you're up. As you rush up angrily, make your strike. That hits. Hits. 17 also hits, so roll damage three times. As you rush up, the bars open, bringing the axe down on top of this now sparkling purple entity. Cool. Okay. Nice! All righty, so you run up (hammer strikes) hammer down a third time, you can see its body being beaten around by the attack. And you see the whispering of its wind around its lower body is starting to slow, and it's looking like it's getting more sluggish, but it's definitely still intent on its job. That ends your turn, Grog. Vax, you're up. Okay. I will say you would normally get advantage. Because you're attacking it through the bars, melee, it disables it, so it's just a straight attack. You're having to fight it through prison bars with daggers, which is difficult. 14 misses, unfortunately. Well, it's the first attack you get on it would get it. So even if you miss the first attack, you can still get it with the second and third. That does hit. All right. With that, the first blade comes through and you try and get it through the bars and it gets nothing. You pull back, take the other dagger and swing through it. Falls too wide and you have to bring your arm back. This time, you can see after Grog has slammed it with the hammer, it falls. The sparkles come towards the edge. Its slamming its back into the bars. It's right there in front of you, and you use that instance to go ahead and reach through the bars, grab it by the throat, and stab it repeatedly, at which point its form disperses into wind around you. You guys look over. You see Desmond is still on the bed, eyes wide (panting). Gets up on the bed and takes it. "What happened?" Okay. So go ahead and roll for the Cure Wounds heal on that. All right, awesome. You add your wisdom modifier. That's good to know. All right, cool. All right. Desmond isn't eating it. He's just holding it and still taking in. "What happened? What was "that?! Look, what was that thing?" Make an arcana check. If you rolled by accident, you have to roll intentionally to take the score. Because if you were to accidentally roll really bad, you'd be like, "That doesn't count! I didn't actually "roll." Total of 12? That's the thing, you've seen these. These entities are used by certain high-level arcane practitioners. They can be summoned as certain spells. They're air elemental-based in nature, but they're generally known as invisible stalkers. They're used as assassins that have a very sole, single-minded purpose. You get that, based on recent events, there's probably a good probability that was the source of this. Jarett, at which point has put his hand against the wall, and goes, "Ugh. I would "recommend that next time you decide to put me on watch, let me know if we're up against things that "are invisible. I apologize. I was not prepared for such a foe to show up." "It's all right. If I might ask, what exactly are we up against here?" "I would like also to consider possibly some changes made to our income, as this suddenly "turned from a general guarding job to going up against the denizens of the afterlife. It's "already been a very dangerous proposition." "Very well. I'm going to go ahead and make sure the rest of my team is alive." "If the pay is good, yes." "You understand. Ugh, okay. Talk to you in the morning. I think a bit of rest is necessary." And he makes his way up the stairs to the rest of the keep. Desmond at this point is still in shock, and he starts absentmindedly eating the sandwich that you handed him. "Is it safer there?" "I told you they'd come for me. I told you they would." Wipes the blood from the side of his face and looks at it. Yeah, the individual responsible for the construction of the keep was Lord Riskel Daxio, which is an elven gentleman on the Council that helped oversee the whole construction and helped you guys design it, so. Still on the bed. "Okay." At this point, Desmond leans into you and quietly says in your ear, Vax, he goes, "Is where "I'm sleeping going to be away from him?" He looks over towards Percy. You don't hear that; it's whispered to Vax. Make a persuasion roll. Takes another bite of the sandwich and packs it away in a little piece of cloth he had in a pocket, puts it in there. And you know, you can still see as he brings his hand up, you can see the blood streak against where the fingers were on the lower half of that hand. Strokes the edge of his chin and goes, "Okay. I trust you. Please. Please don't let them kill me." "Okay. I'm very tired." Takes you roughly another 20 minutes or so to bring it out of there, fitting it through the door. As you call out, Erwen eventually comes down. "Hi. Yes, Tiberius. You called? It's quite "early in the morning." He has his night cap on and he's rubbing at his eyes. Right now, it's about probably 630 in the morning or so. It's just after sunrise; you guys haven't even slept yet. "It's all right. All right. In the morning then, Master Tiberius." And he goes off to his bed to sleep. Okay, make a stealth check. All right, so. As the rest of you go to sleep-- Okay. So you guys are doing your setup there. Percy, you're in your workshop. Go ahead and roll a perception check, Percy. 17. Okay. You go about your work. Okay. The materials that it requires you to do so are expensive, you actually have to pay the cost of the gun, and go ahead and make another check. So go ahead and make another tinkering check. And the cost of the Pepperbox should be at the bottom of your-- Should be half the cost. It should say under the repair rules for a misfire. 12. Okay. Yeah. So you take the rest of the morning, unsleeping, the dark bags under your eyes. You manage to get the Pepperbox back in working order. Right, right. But even so, even though you slept, it hasn't been very restful. It's been technically enough to rest, but your evening has been fraught with nightmares. Perpetually. But your Pepperbox is repaired, and does cost you half the cost of the weapon cost to repair. Okay. You guys rest through the rest of the morning, waking up past noon, probably about 200 in the afternoon. You all gradually begin to come to consciousness. Make your way downstairs. As you come downstairs, you can already smell breakfast has been prepared. You can see Laina already has the meal set out for you, and as you guys approach, "Oh it's so nice of all of you to come "down! It was very interesting. These very nice folks came by this morning and dropped off a whole "bunch of food and fresh veggies and stuff. Makes for a great meal. It was very nice of them. Food "is served." And she gives out the plates and gives you a smile. "I believe that's what it's called in some circles. I'm trying a few new things!" No effect, unfortunately. There is a slight tingle, but it's mostly a placebo. (laughter) Right, understood. Good to know. Percy's down in his workshop. As you guys are in the middle of your meal, you hear, clearing the stillness and quiet of the low munching-up, (clears throat) and sitting at the table adjacent to you guys, completely unnoticed in his entry, is Seeker Asum, arms crossed. "Well, obviously not. That's why I'm here to have a conversation with the rest of you. Please "continue to eat. I don't mean to disturb you." "I've already eaten, but I appreciate the offer." "What a wonderful meal. Well, things have certainly gotten sticky, haven't they? Well, first "and foremost, I would like to thank you, Keyleth, for clearing my head. Lord Briarwood had locked me "into some form of mental charm during my attempt to aid Vax--" "That's all right. Things are a bit mixed up. It's hard to explain; let's just say I have "been clouded in my judgment for the past few days until you cleansed me. I'm sorry to uphold the "charade back in the palace." "I cannot say that is untrue. But I accept your apology." You may. He's a hard person to gauge, anyway. You gathered over time that most of his work deals in a network of spies and the gathering of information across all of Tal'Dorei, so he is very well-trained to hide the essence of his true nature and the intent. Hard to read. But he seems pleasant as he's been, and given the circumstances. "Nevertheless, I accept your "apology, and I apologize for having upheld the charade during the council meeting, but I had to "keep up appearances so as not to cause any sort of stir at the time. I fear, based on my observations "since, that our very own sovereign also fell to the same charm I did and has been clouded since "the dinner the night before." "He's been through quite a bit, and while he's a resolute and a very good man, I would say "that he is predisposed to outer influence from those that are quite strong-willed." "Under those conditions, the room filled with guards that were all intent against keeping "you at bay. Should you have made any attempt to try and cleanse him as well during that time, I "think you all would have wound up in prison. Or worse." "Because when you're under this influence, to speak against the proposed ally of the charm is "to draw a line. I wish to stay in his good graces because that would enable us a much better chance "of getting you close enough to him to absolve him of this charm. If I was to reveal this "instantaneously in the presence of the entire council, I fear that might have put me in the same "court of disfavor as you and lost any future chance of expelling this influence." "Best I can gather, most of the council is not as well-- how do I put it? Not used to "business with Vox Machina. Allura seems to be of clear mind, as she is very powerfully protected "against such influences and did not have any immediate interaction with the Briarwoods during "that dinner. I fear the intent was on the sovereign himself." "Same way they corrupted me." "Apparently, it takes naught but a glance." "I think we have something in common." "There are a few options at our disposal. You could continue to work to clear your name, "during his distraction southward, if you have some idea as to how we could get close enough to him to "absolve him of this now, that would leave the risk of, should anything go poorly, being poked with "many spear holes." "If you're confident. That may be more of a mission for the quieter of your bunch, should they "be a little more intelligent with their actions, going forward." "I will say, based on recent circumstances, he is very careful and defensive." "Honestly, I have no idea. I think this plan, if successful, is quite inspired. However, "failure would probably end in the immediate incarceration and/or death of both individuals "involved. Public execution does not befit the country-wide name of Vox Machina, if you were to "fail. If you were to succeed, that would be the most direct route between two points." "As far as I know, yes." "If that's the case, then perhaps her current power is not as strong in the council when "regarding you. But she is still a member of the council, should she not be immediately affiliated "with you for her purposes. This is up to you. Whatever you choose to do, if it requires my aid, "I will give it a day before I have to leave. My next intent is to head-- well, I wish to go past "the eastern curtain set up by Whitestone into Wildemount. I have spent the better part of the "past day since the cleansing seeking all records of the Briarwoods and their doings. There was a "period of about eight years in which there is no public record of their goings-on. It appears that "most records that deal with their involvement in Wildemount, and whatever homestead gave them their "title, Lord and Lady Briarwood, has all been but erased. So I intend to go to the source, "Wildemount itself, and research. This will take me some time, of course." "Sooner the better. I was thinking tomorrow." Percy is not even here. Percy is down in the workshop. Okay. As you come around the corner, Percy is currently leaning up against the side of the wall, listening in to the conversation. "Well, that depends. If you have strong defenses, and the enemy has no means of entering, "then he will be safer here. The palace itself is a very well-protected area; however, there currently "is an open invitation into the palace, and if the essence of our enemy is as I think it is, then "they can enter whenever they like." He's going to Wildemount, the kingdom that they're originally from. The continent to the far east. "I'm trying to find as much information to incriminate them in case whatever you're "attempting does not work." "I have already made arrangements for travel. I could try, but depends on what you need "me here for." "So that would be a way to clear your name and clear his head." Sure. You can go ahead and roll a d20. Is there anything you're holding back? He seems clear as day, telling the honest truth. Anyway. Asum says, "My getting to Wildemount is not easy, nor is it safe. I cannot linger for long. "Maybe a few days." "That depends on if I even return. Every spy I've sent to seek information on the Briarwoods or "to Whitestone has not come back." Okay. How many of those do you have left, by the way? "My journey requires the utmost of silence, speed, stealth, and I mean no offense to your "entourage, but I think I can do this alone, and should. However, this journey may take me two "weeks, a month, many months-- I do not know. I'm doing this just in case whatever you're choosing "to do fails. At least, if Vox Machina falls in this, I can come back with proof enough to try, and "once the army has been gathered, perhaps we can rally all of Emon against Whitestone." "I can try my best." Make a persuasion roll. "Regardless, you have to make a choice soon. I cannot dilly-dally. I'll take your band, yes." He takes the wooden band and puts it around his arm and says, "If this will put you at ease, I'll "take it." "I could get you in the door, but I could not escort you to that room. That would put myself "in extreme danger and the entirety of our mission." (laughs) "I can do that quite well, yes." "Vengeance." A voice whispers in your ear, Percy. No one hears this. "Vengeance." I mean, he looks shaken and fucked up, yeah. He's obviously had a horrible few days. "Then it is settled. I'll be on my way." "Certainly." "Three days and I'll be off on my side of the mission. Very well." Yes, and he walks out, walks with you. And as you all scatter, Percy, as you walk out, the same voice creeps into your ear, "Yes." Now, as you step out with Seeker Asum, who now has a bit of haste to his step, arms crossed, looking around. "So you wish to speak with me?" "I am." "I can be." (sighs) "We'll go over what you know, and perhaps there are a few tricks that I can teach you "in the three days I have. I can't guarantee that it'll be extremely changing, as that's a very "short time to train over what I've learned over a lifetime, but I can certainly attempt." "I require your concentration for those days, though, before I leave." "All right. Meet me at the morrow, crack of dawn. I'll be at the front of your keep." "Very well." And he heads off, outside of the keep. The rest of you, what are you doing? About 300, 400 in the afternoon now. It's part of the keep, yeah. Oh, you mean the actual temple you went to? That is inside the city, yes. You can go into the city; you just can't get to the Cloudtop District. Tiberius loves shopping. All right, we'll go ahead and take a quick break. We'll be back in five minutes. Keep it a stringent break, guys. Yes. We'll try to keep the errands pretty concise so we can keep on schedule, yeah, so it's like, use this break to conjecture exactly what you want to do. All right, guys, we'll see you back here in five minutes. [break] Okay. Go ahead and make a tinkering check for your ammunition. I would say the tinkering, the mechanisms involved, would be so far beyond your understanding as a druid. Even just metalwork in general. You can cheer him on, but would not be able to assist him with it. 24? Okay. You manage to produce 25 rounds for your Pepperbox and ten rounds for the Bad News. Used that to repair his Pepperbox. Roll for the secondary construction. Smoke bombs. 11. You take a better part of two days attempting to get these to work, and most of your materials are ruined, unfortunately. You manage to come out with it with, and I want you to write this down, "smoke bomb, question mark." It may function. We will see upon use. But you have one at your disposal that is questionable. However, for the cost of the ammunition and the cost of the smoke bomb's construction, already that comes to about, I'd say 75 gold pieces, so mark that off. And you're attempting to make, you're attempting to make, based on what you told me, an Archimedes death ray. You could. To be functional with the materials that are at your disposal, it's going to be very large and hard to move. You spend the remainder of this week of preparation. Go ahead and roll your tinkering check. This is going to cost you in materials. What do you want to do? Okay, go for it. All right, so. The actual materials for this-- I know, it's copper, but the actual dodecahedron that's involved, the mirrors, the lenses, the whole thing? In order to be of the scale and quality to even make it even remotely functional, all of it for the extremely high quality and some of it custom-made within the first couple days within this, with a rush order. I'd say the total cost is going to come to about 1,200 gold pieces. The actual focal lens is about this big. The whole construct can be carried by two people. Of the lens itself? This is the radius of the lens. I mean, even when it's collapsed, it can be carried by one person, but it's still a heavy mechanism. I'd say it's about two and a half feet in diameter. He's already agreed. Go ahead and roll. 22. Through the materials and the construct of it, you get partway through the final stages of it, and as you're tightening one of the sections, all of a sudden there's a (cracking) sound. Your whole body freezes as you glance over. the lens itself has a giant crack through it. For the construct for this one, there was a focusing lens that is part of what the initial blast, otherwise there wouldn't be a point of actually projecting a ray from. There's all different sorts of construction based on. This one's the one we're going on here, or if you can say the center of it is a gem, but regardless, the tinkering roll was not high enough to construct the device. Sorry. It's not something you can repair. The entire piece is constructed from a solid piece. You could attempt to. Pickaxe... comes to four gold pieces for the two of those. You got them. Make a secondary tinkering check. 22. This time you go back and as you're tightening it, the actual metal housing of the device ends up bending in a way that both cracks the gem and causes the frame itself to be dented to the point where the beam will be imperfect. This is a very hard thing that you've come up with in your mind that has not been constructed before, and the level of difficulty to create this is very difficult. It does not cost you additional money, thanks to the Mending Wheel, but right now the entire device looks like to continue, it's going to take more time and money to construct it. I'd say about half the cost. An additional 600. Two more days. You agreed upon eight, so we'd be pushing about seven, then. Unfortunately-- what's your intellect? Working on the device a third time, you get it right to the point where you think it could work and you go to set it up, and as you do, you find that the light focuses in a way that actually slowly melts the copper on the outside of the housing of the device, and it begins to melt onto itself, and you have to pull it out of the light. This design is beyond your grasp right now. You're inventing something that takes quite a lot of time to eventually perfect. That's been your guys' week. Okay. You bought your pickaxe and your shovel. Cool. Vex, what are you doing? You're training, okay. 20, technically, because Tiberius requested ten. Those will cost you a total of two gold. Make an investigation check. 13. Asking around the town holy arrows, that is an enchantment. They're pricey and they don't appear to be anywhere in the major shops, even shops like Gilmore's, that they specialize in. It's usually a special order-type thing. Holy water flasks can be purchased at 20 gold apiece. Holy oil? As opposed to the holy water? Well, holy oil is a more expensive version. Holy water is a one-use. Holy oil can be applied to a weapon. A cluster of ten, if that's what you wanted, would weigh about five pounds. But they're relatively light. Those are 100 gold apiece. Yeah, Tristan is here. Because I have to. "Yes, I inspected you. Is that healing well, by the way?" He inspects the wounds on the side of your neck. And he steps away, goes back, disappears for a minute, comes back and he's holding in a chain around his neck-- It's seen some years of use, but still clean and very well kept, an identical holy symbol of Sarenrae as the one that Pike keeps around her neck. He hands it over and puts it over your head. "May she keep you safe and bring your soul to redemption." "As it should." Pats you on the cheek. "As it should." You are stopped at the edge of the Cloudtop District. The guards see you as you approach and block the doorway and say, "We're sorry, but Vox Machina has been given no passage into the "Cloudtop District at this time." "That's certainly unfortunate, isn't it?" Both the guards look at each other and laugh for a second. "Piss off." Okay. Make a perception check. 17. Okay. Keeping an eye out, you do eventually come across a boy that looks about his age. Late teens, maybe early twenties. Comes by and gathers a little bit of meat and rushes off and you stop him. "Jameson." "Yeah, can I help you? I've really got to get home with this." Make a deception check. 15, gives you a look over and goes, "I'm certain you've given him silver, but Kynan's been gone "for the better part of a week." "I don't know. He just told us all he was off to find his destiny or some sort of "bullshit like that. He's always had his head in the clouds, that one." "No, kept to himself mostly. Sorry, I wish I could be more of a service. If I see him, where "should I send him?" (clattering) "Well, I'll pass that along." "Good day," and he hurries off to continue with his errand. Is that your last errand? Scanlan. Yeah, Gilmore's in the city. He's not in the Cloudtop, so you have access to him still. Here we go. Okay. Asking around, there are no potions for it, but there is a Scroll of Hallow available, and I will say that comes to roughly 6,000 gold pieces for the Scroll of Hallow. 6,000 for the Hallow Scroll. And for the Spirit Guardian, you said it was? 4th-level? That one is 2,000 gold. Spirit Guardians is level three, actually, not level four. That makes it a lot cheaper. That is 600 gold. If you have a scroll you can, yeah. It has a chance of failing. 600 gold pieces. There's only one available. So you mark that down. Okay, remembering that you have spoken to Karin before, which is the renowned custom blacksmith in Emon, you speak with her. A chainmail half coif around the neck there is relatively inexpensive. It's a partial piece of armor. She looks at some scrap chainmail on the side and is like "I'd be more than happy to use that for it. It shouldn't me take more than an hour, "two maybe at most." Okay. (laughs) All right. Seven of those. I'd say for the whole seven it'd put you at 100 gold, because it's custom orders. Seven of those. All righty. She awkwardly judges and turns that request down. She's uncomfortable with that. Okay. So you got that. Yes. Just a second there, Tiberius. Gilmore, unfortunately, is in Westruun currently. Still overseeing the construction of his expansion there. That would be... I can't find my updated NPC sheet. Do you remember what her name was? Sherri, thank you. I was like, Shelby? No. Sherri. Sherri is there greeting you. "That would "probably be me." She takes it. "If you're requesting identification of a magical item, that is a "service we charge." "125 gold pieces per enchantment identified." "All right." She takes it. She steps inside, sets it on the counter. She starts going through her books and starts looking at it and holding it for a second and doing a full inspection of it. "Based "on the enchantment on this device, it's very crude in construction and the enchantment is in an "arcane offshoot of language I'm not very familiar with, but it appears it is a guard from some sort "of a mental influence. If worn, it would give you a stronger resistance against things that would "attempt to peer into your mind." "Yes." So essentially what it would do is it would give you advantage on wisdom saving throws against magic spells. It would give you advantage on wisdom saving throws against magical effects. She noticeably blushes and goes, "Well, send mine back if you wouldn't mind. I've got work to "do." And she rushes off. All right. Now, Tiberius. Okay. Did you pay for it already? You paid up front. Okay. So you get the canteen, the explanation is the enchantment of the actual water creation itself is separate than the holy enchantment that has been attached to it. The holy enchantment is not very powerful because it is an enchanted item. How it functions is the first burst per day that you use of the water does an additional 1d6 radiant damage. That's it. But any additional after that is just water. Basically, whatever water is immediately contained within it at the start of the day is considered blessed. Once that's expelled, all the rest that it creates-- because it's pulling it out of the elemental plane of water; that's how it's continuously projecting it. The rest of it runs straight through, so it doesn't have a chance to even absorb the blessing. With? (laughs) So what enchantment do you want? Do you want to just do an additional-- What do you want it to be? Just a magical weapon? Okay, just a general plus-one magical weapon. Okay. That would take about-- let me double-check the rarity here. That would run you approximately 700 gold to create it as a plus-one magical item. Would take one mage a week to do it. Okay, so for the week it takes, you pay 700 gold pieces. Your quarterstaff with a couple of daggers tied to the end is now considered a plus-one magical weapon. (laughter) Unfortunately, the thing is, an enchantment cannot be progressively enhanced. You would have to disenchant and then re-enchant the entire thing. No. They can enchant the item with it, but it would be the cost of basically re-enchanting the item. That would cost approximately 25,000 gold pieces. And it would take the better part of a year. A plus-two Ring of Protection is a very powerful item. That you even acquired one earlier was great luck. The Ring of Spell Storing? The Ring of Spell Storing? That's its enchantment. There is no more powerful version of the Ring of Spell Storing. If you wanted to attempt to do that yourself on your own time, you could. That will cost you upward 60,000 gold pieces and about a year. It's good to ask these things. I'll say throughout the week, 'cause you've taught Lockheed a lot of things back to back. You can't cram everything in there in the three to four days and like "You learn everything!" Because you've already taught Lockheed one thing this week. Roll for a second thing you want to teach Lockheed. Sure, I'll give you advantage on that. Roll advantage. Go for it. Yeah. You can roll several beard checks. 43. It starts filling in. Nope. 16. Okay. So by the time the week comes to an end, the other side of your beard has finally filled in and you are back to a full beard, Grog. So yeah, that succeeds. It takes you a few days to get it though, but what do you want to teach Lockheed? A very important thing to teach a creature. So Lockheed has learned to be quiet. Good. Anything else? There are plenty of mirrors out there. There are general stores that sell them all over. Okay. I misunderstood. Yeah. You could've had them custom made if they weren't out there, but they have mirrors of that size available. There aren't that many mirrors in the city. They're five gold apiece, and of what is currently available for purchase, you may be able to acquire about 35 mirrors, and you'll clean out most of the places that will stop selling them to you. Yeah, four by four. So there you go. Four by four. Okay. 35 times five. So we're looking at 175 gold. Keyleth's been working with Percy this whole time. It's taken the entire week for him, you said you were assisting him. I thought you said you were still going to help cheer him on. Okay, then no worries. Then yeah, you're available. The enchantment of an arrow to do that is the use of a Fog spell. There is no way to infuse a Fog spell with holy water. No. Sure. Make a roll. Plus arcana. 24. Okay. After spending approximately 500 gold in materials, the enchantment fails, both spells fizzled. You lost 500 gold. But now you know. Probably can't combine two spells into a single enchantment. You go towards the Cloudtop District, and the guards stop you again. All right. How many sleep bolts? Okay, I will say for each arrow, it will cost you 600 gold and will take you six days to do, per arrow. Yes. It's one day per 100 gold of an enchantment. Which is even me making it higher than the book says. It should take you four times that. You want to hire a mage? So three and a half days and it cost you 1,200 gold for a single sleep bolt. Okay, so you've done all of your shopping in one day and spent the rest of the week doing those. All right, so there we go. You're broke and you have two sleep bolts on your person. Keyleth. Okay. That comes to-- Alchemist supplies? 50 gold. Not enchanted, yo. "It's magic, give me all the magic!" A level two healing potion, a greater healing potion. The materials involved in creating that will come to, I'd say about 400 apiece, and you'd have time to create two. It's about four days per potion. To purchase? They cost about 500 to 600. She's getting a discount because she's making it herself. Yes. It's your first time doing it. They'll probably get cheaper over time as you get better at it. It's a greater healing. So for each one you make, roll a d20 and add five. Okay. Then yeah, you successfully create the potion. No issue. A Daylight scroll? What level spell is that? Third? That'll cost you about, I'd say, 600 gold pieces. It'll take you six days. You don't have time. You could pay more to have somebody else help you make one if you wanted to. You know that upon throwing the holy water, it would shatter. It would create a fog, but the holy water itself would just affect the creature you threw it at. You'd be able to blend the two enchantments; they don't necessarily mix. The fog itself is not created from the water, it's created from the glass that you're enchanting. You have a couple of flasks of holy water. It's a whole different thing. Daylight, that's more of a scroll thing. Okay. That will cost you-- I'll put it at 500 gold pieces. And that'll take you five days. Okay, roll another d20. Plus five. All right. You feel the fog enchantment take shape in the glass vial. It seems relatively unstable. You gather that this glass was not meant to contain an enchantment from the get-go. You somehow manage to make it function, but you have to be very careful with that vial. Who knows what'll happen if it actually is thrown? It's a fog-enchanted vial of holy water. You can write it down that way if you'd like. What was once holy-- (laughter) Okay. You give all the chainmail. Okay. (laughs) It takes much convincing, but nevertheless they acquiesce to your request, being the boss. All right. Anything else? The what? Lord Daxio, you mean? What about him? "I will do this with my life. Do not worry." "Very generous, and I think they'll be very happy to find this. Thank you very much." "Very well. I will do this. Thank you." Okay. Erwen goes, "All right, sir." And he wanders off. About an hour later Erwen returns and says, "I'm sorry. They would not allow me into the central "district. I do not have the proper papers to pass within. I mentioned that I worked for you, and "they told me I was not to enter." Go ahead and roll a d20, adding your wisdom modifier. Make it with advantage, because Asum is a very good teacher. 17, okay. (laughs) Is that how this works? All right, so talking with Asum. He works with you for a bit and teaches you the ranger ability Skirmisher's Stealth. So if you start one of your turns hidden from a creature, you can then, as a bonus action at the end of your turn, make another stealth check to remain hidden from them. You essentially can dive between areas and still be hidden. So yeah. We'll go over the details of it after the game. Essentially, you learn a new ranger ability from Seeker Asum. All right. Tiberius, what do you want to do? All right. All right. As the week comes to a close, eventually a note appears before you, Tiberius, within your magical room. (fluttering) It reads "Tiberius, child. I understand your request. "However, you are fresh to these political matters and as the young one prone to jump at the sight of "a shadow, I would need some very heavy proof to invoke wartime. Which, if I might add, is not your "jurisdiction, but my own. Should you wish to bring this to my attention, you are welcome to, but you "have but one chance before I set aside this intrusion to my work time as mere poppycock." (laughter) Erwen. All right. The note is left with Erwen. "Yes, of course. Of course." I don't have a drink. Yeah. The elemental gives you an acknowledgment and speaks back in its own tongue the equivalent of, for my time here, I serve. "For my time here, I serve" is essentially the essence of what you get from him For my time here, I serve. All right. Well, Percy said the Turst Fields. The Turst Fields you do know. Some of you may have passed by them. They are to the east, northeast area of Westruun, on the eastern side of the continent. It's about four and a half days' travel horseback. You have four horses, and you technically have the teleportation sigil for Westruun. Westruun's most of the way across the continent. It's about a day's ride out from Westruun. It would shave about three days off your journey. The Turst Fields are a farming community that takes care of a lot of the eastern side. They're not really an extension of Westruun, but it's one of the closest cities. And they do a lot of food trade up into Whitestone, or did previously. Okay. Tiberius, you go ahead and cast Teleportation Circle. Now you cast Circle of Teleportation. Yep, and the circle appears. You guys rush through it. You do not have your horses with you because they would not be able to travel through the teleportation circle with you. However, you could probably procure some while you're in Westruun. In doing that, you guys, for the case of brevity on this-- we've been missing that for a lot of this session. We'll say the total gold to purchase horses for the whole party-- You would've. Go ahead and make a persuasion roll. 21? Okay, yeah, would put you at about, we'll say because you are renowned in this area and you've helped Westruun. Helped them during the Winter's Crest Festival the year before, using that discount. You manage to procure everyone's horses, including your warhorse, for 210 gold, which is a pretty decent discount. You can, yeah. You have two paths. You have the path into the center of the Parchwood Woods that leads up into the valley of the Alabaster Sierras that surround it. That is the direct route to Whitestone that leads through the main pathway. The forest to the front of the city. There's also the Alabaster Sierras themselves, which surround that peninsula that extends into the northern part of the continent. They are very tall, fjord-like, craggy mountain ranges up against the sea along the edge. They're a little more treacherous, but a little more out of the way; a backdoor route. So you guys choose which route you want to take. Percy, you are aware that here have been problems in the past with various mountain-faring giants that lived north of Whitestone that occasionally would wander too far south. They mostly kept to themselves, but occasionally they had some crossover, there were some scuffles here and there. So you guys are deciding to take the Alabaster Sierras? You guys head out from Westruun; it takes about a day's worth of travel. You stop in the Turst Fields. It's a small farming community. You ask around for a bit, most of the folks there say that they haven't had much trade or communication with Whitestone like they used to. They do still provide crops and such, but they don't allow anyone past into the actual forest. They trade at the boundary created by the forest. Still pay gold, but it seems to be more enclosed scenario, but very few folks there seem to question it. Business as usual is still left within Turst Fields. Make your way northward to the bottom of the Alabaster Sierras, and as you begin heading up the outskirts of this mountain range, you do notice that the mountains are extremely high in altitude. There's a perpetual climb at nearly a 40-degree angle as you continue upward further and further and further. The drop-off at the edge of the cliff is 1,000 to 2,000 feet at times, straight down into the ocean or rocks below. There are paths worn up here; it has been used as travel before. Although you're uncertain as to how recently it may have been traversed. Occasionally, the wind picks up and you have to steel yourself, push yourself against the side. The path, thankfully, is maybe 15, 20, sometimes 30 feet in width. It's not too much where you're being forced against the edge, but it's enough to be aware of the danger of the circumstance. You guys are heading up, I'd say, about half a day's travel, it's about 200 in the afternoon. Also, you can tell there are slight outcroppings a few hundred feet down to the bottom, a few bits of stone that jut out from the side. You can see small nests or bushes that have taken root on those side areas. The rock itself of this mountain range is unusually, unnaturally white. The actual rock that forms this entire region is almost a glowing quartz-like texture. There are parts that are almost translucent, there are parts that are very milky white. Number one, you can now understand as to partially why the area is called Whitestone, the town nearby, and you've heard mention from Percy in the past of the large quarries here that mine the stone for various uses and export it throughout all of Tal'Dorei. That's where a large portion of the town was built around that trade at the beginning of its construction. Eventually, you come to a point where there is a falloff on the path, where the erosion or some sort of large impact of the side caused the path to fall into a scooped crevasse that is a smooth fall down the side. There is no way across other than a large sea salt air-rotted rope bridge that goes across about a hundred feet. You see it rocking (creaking) with the wind. No, the bridge can be crossed. It looks a little rickety. It's not terrible or frightening, but it's been there for a while, and you can tell from the color of the rope-- A hundred feet. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. Looking at it, I mean, the anchors are pretty solid in the stonework. There's no looseness to their element. The rope itself is taut and seems to have serviced long enough. There are no signs of extreme wear other than just time and weather. All right. Are you taking your horse with you? Making your way across, you get halfway across the bridge. There's a creaking sound and slight movement as the wind picks up at times and you (creaking). Make an intelligence check. Roll and add your intelligence modifier. Best you can tell, Grog looks like a big guy. Okay, you make the rest of your way across. No issue. The rope bridge carries your weight all the way. There's a couple of small cliffside trees that grow off in strange twisting bonsai tree-like branches that stick off. They're pretty sturdy. Secret ranger knot. Well played. (laughter) Spooks you for a second. You hold on and you make your way across. You guys are now on the other side. You're holding onto everyone's horses left behind. You cast Fly on Trinket-- So you get on Trinket's back? So who's going across now? Okay, you make it across. No problem. You're light enough and able to guide the movement of the bridge. The physical condition of the bridge. There is no actual visible point that is-- The vines reach around and wrap around the edges of the wood slats and the rope handholds, and it seems to be pretty well-held on that side. Cool, you make it across without a problem. Yeah, that would be 12 seconds, which will be enough time. So as you're coasting over with Trinket, floating (bear sounds) you turn around and cast Telekinesis. Grog, all of a sudden, you're lifted up and held aloft. You look down over yourself, waving your hands instinctually. Looking down, you can see a 600, 700 foot drop before the rock comes to a point which would probably splinter or crush anyone who fell into it, and then is pushed out to the ocean. So it's a little scary, but you start flailing about as you're being pulled across by Tiberius. Eventually, Trinket comes, lands on the other side safely. You guide Grog over, down onto his feet. Safe and sound. Okay. Cool. All righty. The path pinches a little bit tighter as you go across, about a ten foot width and you guys begin pulling across. There's a sudden large gust of sea air blows in as you guys go ahead and buckle down to hold on. I'd like you all to roll an athletics check. You have advantage on it. That's true, yeah! All right, as you guys are holding tight, both Scanlan and Vax are trying to grab something, holding onto rocks, but before they can get enough, they're both so small, it pushes them out. It's three seconds. Oh! Passed since the bridge? About five, six minutes. You can catch one of them. Because the spell has to be directed! They're both being dragged by the wind off the side of the cliff. You can see them grabbing the ground. Vax is being pulled off the side as Scanlan is actually lifted off his feet. You grab Vax and hold him in place as you reach out and grab Vax by the arms and pull him back onto-- You were fine. Okay. Then you're being held aloft by Tiberius' Telekinesis concentrating. Scanlan has fallen out of view. Okay. It's all right. Go ahead and make an attack roll with your Grasping Vine. This is to aim the vine as he falls. 19? Not a problem! The vine grabs Scanlan and pulls him back and holds him as the wind slowly dies down. The wind dies down. You guys now begin pushing yourselves close to the edge of this pathway up the side of this seaside cliff. It doesn't seem to deviate much beyond that 15-foot width now, which puts you all at general unease. As the sun's getting closer and closer to setting, you're making your way around the crest. You've been traveling this mountain range for a good number of hours now. You're at a decent height, you're on foot, a good distance inside the Alabaster Sierra mountain range. Perception check, everyone. Three, two, one. Okay! Those of you with a higher perception than 20 on this roll. As you pull along, you hear this echoing sound, this (bird-like sounds) in the distance, the wind's carrying it as it's blowing past you. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. You go ahead and make a nature check. It is birdish in nature, but it sounds too guttural and too articulate to be a bird. There is enough of-- you notice there's a language of the chittering that is bird-like, but there is actual voice. You recall that there are various creatures that make the cliffsides home. One of the ones that are more obnoxious that some of the earlier traders of Whitestone had problems with making this path for mining were clusters of harpies. You glance over as you guys are having this conversation. Behind you, you can see in the distance from where you were, a couple of these dark shapes swooping down. You see a cluster of about four or five of these harpies diving. Okay. It has faded since then. Yeah, you're still on the path, and you look back from where you came from. Yeah, a sheer cliff. Okay. As you're concentrating on this, eventually, Keyleth begins to focus, and over the next minute or so, she begins to push a cavern. Okay. As this is happening, you can see the harpies have definitely found some sort of prey. They're distracted as they're slowly tearing apart what you gather are the horses you left behind. Yeah. Good news is, they're distracted. Bad news is they're probably not going to be there when you come back. Over the next few minutes or so, Keyleth, you've pushed a good ten by 15-foot cavern into the side of this wall that didn't previously exist. You guys are able to step out of the light as the sun's starting to disappear over the mountain range, the Cliffkeep, which you can see in the distance across this channel now. There's a channel of water between the two. Sure! Go ahead and make a stealth check. Okay! You take the next 15 minutes or so, finding what nearby pieces of brush you can and rocks that have been loosely around the area and you start setting up this pattern of them that closes off some of the entrance from the smooth opening that Keyleth had created. It takes a little ingenuity because it's just a rock opening, and there isn't a whole lot of brush and things around. But you feel you've managed to mask it to the point that to a distant eye it would be hard to see that there is an actual cavern there. At this point, the sun has set, night has come in, and you guys are sitting within this cavern hearing the distant sound of the ocean waves crashing against the bottom of these cliffside, coastal fjords. All right, a fire is made. Okay. Tiberius forms a relatively useful and effective campfire within this cave. You can, yes. Do be aware, the holy oil will only last about a day. It's one of those things where if you dip it now and leave it, over time it'll just either evaporate or drip off of the arrow. (bear groaning) Trinket, at first, just haplessly pushes you away, but recognizes your scent and lets you. Okay. I mean, what book would you be researching this in? The researcher ability is that you can go to places of research and find books. You don't really keep a tome of all knowledge with you. The next time you find a town or you're in town, then you can use that ability to research in advance. Do you guys all rest for the evening? LAURA and Okay. Okay. You guys continue your business for the evening. Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check. Okay. You are keeping relatively low and are able to overhear their conversation. Go ahead and make an insight check. 17. Roll a d20. And add your charisma modifier. Best you can tell, he's seeming honest, and sharing open-hearted to you. You feel like you've really gotten to the core truth of what Percy's about. You feel like you've gotten to the core and truth of what Percy's about, and perhaps your questioning this has upset him, and you feel like maybe you've pushed this a little too far. Okay. You guys, through your turns, the evening goes by uneventful. Morning comes to you. You can hear the distant caws of seagulls waking you up as the heat from the morning sun begins to eventually hit this side of the cave. Since you're on this side of the mountain, by the time you wake up, you realize the hour's probably a little bit past noon. You gather you probably have about a day's worth of travel, and you'll be able to make your way down into the ravine from here. You've come up quite a bit of the mountain range. Okay. You guys gather outside of the cavern and head up, continuing along this path. Eventually, you do notice that the path becomes broken and too steep to continue. It actually falls and tumbles down into this long, sliding ravine. There is a slight rockslide trail that you could climb up and over and it looks like there is a separate ravine, or a separation where the two mountains join, that could possibly be traversed. But continuing on the seaside path is not going to work. It does bring you inward towards-- maybe a little further south than you would have wanted to for optimal backdoor entrance into Whitestone, but it's about your only path. You would have had no reason to walk this path. You've heard about it, you know of this side of the mountain range, but based on your history, there's no reason you would have come here. Everyone make a stealth check, by the way. Just so we're aware of what your stealth rolls are with the Pass Without a Trace. Okay. 27. With the ten? That's a pretty good spread. So you guys, you've hit the edge of the path. Are you heading up the rockslide trail? Okay. You all, one by one, begin to climb over the trail and some rocks tumble loose beneath your feet, grasp. And you help each other get to the very top. (laughs) That's adorable. (laughter) So you all eventually manage to make it over the top of the rockslide trail and eventually it leads you to where these two large mountains come together, and there is a small path that leads between. It winds and travels downward. You can see bits of the rock have fallen and crumbled, and there are small boulders and such that just, over time and through erosion, have tumbled down this ravine to start filling it with occasional chunks of stone. You begin walking through this ravine for another good 45 minutes to an hour, keeping a keen eye out. Basically, you guys have been traveling up the side of the coast. You've now turned inward over the mountain range to head down into the valley of Whitestone. You are currently just now heading up through the mountain range, inwards towards the mountain. There's no river here. It's just stone that comes together for a pathway in between. This is where two large peaks of the mountains basically come to join at the bottom. No, the river is actually inside the valley and to the south of Whitestone. So pressing down I would like you all to roll a perception check. One, one, 20, 20. Okay. As all of you guys are charging forward, both Vex and Vax, you hear this slight noise of a couple rocks (clattering) in the ravine behind you. You both turn and look and for a split second you swear you see between some of the rocks and paths of jagged stone that mark the walls of this ravine, you see a quick blur of blue that vanishes behind a higher platform above you. A large blur of blue just disappears behind one of the outcroppings that's blocking your view of higher up the ravine. Okay. You guys prepare for a second, and as you're all paying attention, you guys also see another shift of blue (whoosh) go across the way. And this time you see it's something large and blue that moves across the stone and goes into a small cavern that looks about 25 feet up the way that's just past your visual range from this low in the ravine. It moved very quickly, and for a split second, you could see it appeared to be-- the way it moved was almost serpentine, like (whoosh) and vanished inside. You swear you saw limbs, though. It wasn't a giant snake. There was something attached to it. What did you roll? 24. You've heard of various lizard-like creatures that grow to large sizes. Usually those fall into the realm of dragons and such. The color blue, though, is uncommon, unless it were a blue dragon. However, the motion of this creature does not seem to necessarily be the territory of a blue dragon. It's hard to point exactly what this is, but you do know it's probably something in the serpentine-type magical realm. Go ahead and make a history check. Nine. Unfortunately, nothing of this type has come across you. If it has, it's been too long, and you've forgotten it. There are a number of dangerous things that exist in these mountains. Yeah, they're easy to find. There's like some that are this big, some that are larger. They're really heavy. Make an athletics check. (whoosh) You release the rock. (impact) It skids to a halt. As it does, you can see suddenly over the course (whoosh) something very quickly move, and it's a head. It's a snout. You see it's probably a good six, seven-foot wide. A giant, lizard-like, toothy jaw. Blue scales against it with large kind of horned ridges across the back of its head. And its claws (clacking) on the edge. Looks down. Looks down at the rest of you. Rears back. It just withdrew over the edge. Okay. As you begin casting and finish the spell. As the sphere appears-- at which point you now see a large blue blur (whoosh) dart off of the cliffside into the air (impact noise) and skidding right in front of you guys, blocking off the side of the ravine you guys were running towards. You can now see it a huge, elongated, serpentine body covered in blue scales and horns. You can see what looks to be six to eight arms and a series of legs all across its long, snakelike torso. As it looks it snarls at you all (snarls). And you see sparks of energy, electricity (sparking noises) in its jaw. (growls, roars) And that's where we're going it end tonight! (yelling) I can, because it's 1030. We can keep going if you guys want to stay long. It's Thursday night. But to give you a little perspective, that is what essentially you'd be facing. (loud reactions)