Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors roll dice, play Dungeons and Dragons, and Liam once again throws curses at me right before we start the stream. It's good, it's good. I love you too. Sam's on his way, he'll be here shortly. Hopefully. Possibly lies. He's a good liar, as we know. But we've got a couple announcements we want to get done before the show. First and foremost, as a reminder, we're all flying out to Portland tomorrow for Wizard World. (cheering) Looking forward to seeing you guys there tomorrow. We have a panel tomorrow and on Sunday-- Saturday. My week, it's been a long week. Saturday panel at 2PM, which will be-- Yup. Main gaming stage. Also available online at twitch.tv/wizardworld during our panel. It will be hosted there for you guys to watch, who can't be there in person. Good use of henchmen, it works out well. So look forward to that. Also, we have going up, it should be on the store tonight-- Sam's here. On the store tonight, Sam's here! He almost fell over. He made his dex save. Everything's through the filter nowadays. It's really bad. I have a serious problem. We have going up on the store tonight at Geek & Sundry, we have prints-- our Critical Role poster prints with characters. We also have-- We already-- we already covered all this. It's okay, it's good. Redundancy is good in this industry. So, in that regard, also, we may be, I think we're supposed to have more "How do you want to do this?" shirts up. Supposed to be up soon? And also just a reminder to all of our friends over in the Europe area, me and Marisha will be guests at Kaizoku Con the first weekend of March, in Cork, Ireland, so we're excited to go and meet a bunch of Critters out there. Kaizoku. A Gaelic mythological creature, the Kaizoku. So, those are my base announcements, do we have anything else anyone wants to mention on the stream? What did we get to announce? That's right! We have "Black Butler Book of Circus," they announced the cast, where Taliesin, you play-- Right, it's a thing. In "Book of Circus," I play Joker. I'm excited to jump into that little realm there, so look forward to that. (laughs) That's a beautiful presentation, guys. I'm proud of each and every one of you. Hey, see. Anything else? Cool. We're good? All right, let's dive into tonight's episode proper. So, last we left off, the party Vox Machina, having recently suffered their main city of Emon and one of their initial towns where they began their adventures in Westruun under attack from an entity called the Chroma Conclave, a collection of allied chromatic dragons, extremely powerful, ancient across the board, it seems, is wreaking havoc across all of Tal'Dorei. They managed to save a few allies, make a few current, tenuous relationships with the Clasp, and moved all of the refugees that they had been keeping within Greyskull Keep to Whitestone to keep them safe for the time being, as that town had seemingly been passed over by the dragons that are still heading east across the continent. After that, the party made their way to Vasselheim. Vasselheim, the distant city known as the Cradle of Faith, the oldest living beacon of civilization in the world that is currently known. After making their way there, the party made their way into the Guild of the Slayer's Take, where they had previously signed on after a trial and are members of, to seek more allies throughout the city of Vasselheim in hopes of preparing themselves to retake Emon, possibly Tal'Dorei at some point in the near future. That is where we left off. As you guys have spent some time resting within the actual-- we've got whispers going around over here already, and we haven't started. Okay. Two can play at that game. So, as you guys take a little bit of time, getting reacquainted with the Guild Hall of the Slayer's Take, setting your stuff down that you need to prepare for a short period of time staying in the city or longer if need be. You ran briefly into Mertin Cyndrial, the husband of Vanessa, who's the Huntmaster of the entire Guild, and had a brief conversation with Aldor, who was beating Thorbir at cards. He's a nice fella. There you go. Not very good with dice. So, that being the case, what would you guys like to do at this point in time? You just arrived now, it's mid-dayish at this point. Early morning to mid-day. You haven't slept, you've arrived, it's like morning, mid-day now. You've just situated yourselves in the Guild. You had an evening's rest before you came here. But you have used your 7th-level spell to get here. So what is the plan? Last I heard, Victor was blown apart. You don't know. You've purchased them in the past. Remember, that's where Grog had his fantastic bartering skills last time to acquire a few potions. Yeah. So you guys are going to head towards the-- All right, as you guys heads towards the front door of the Slayer's Take Guild Hall, you're but feet from it before the door slams open as the cold winter wind comes pouring in. There, standing in the doorway, you see the outer frame of a strong female form, dark brownish-black leathers, you can see tousled dark hair, piercing pupil-less eyes, and there stands Huntmaster Vanessa, clutching a bag that's seemingly dampened at its base in her right hand as she steps into the main foyer, looking about all of you gathered in the front area. "Well, "isn't this a nice surprise in the middle of the morning? Ah." "A pleasure to see you all. Ah, hold on. The rest of you, inside, where it's warmer." And as she steps inside, you see two individuals step out of the shadows behind her. One of which is another tiefling female, white hair, red in skin, and another individual, familiar to some of you human, short brown shoulder-length hair, series of scars across his arm, carrying a shield and spear, as Kashaw and Zahra come in to accompany-- At which point, Vanessa groans, staring at this display. "I hope this has worked out well for all of you, I however, have a bit of business of ours to "finish, okay?" She walks up to the table where Mertin's standing, he reaches out to greet her, with arms extended. She throws it into his arms, he catches it, pulls it open. You see within there is a head of what looks like a humanoid head, but the skin is greyish and featureless. The eyes are whitish and milky. What hair is there, in wisps, is white in color. Who here is trained in arcana? You know what this is. Roll an arcana check. 21. This is the head of a Doppelganger. This is a creature that spends a lot of its time infiltrating society, being able to take the form and shape of other individuals to assume their position, to take their wealth, to do all sorts of sometimes interesting or dastardly things. Yep. "Well, turn it in for the money it's worth. Spread the change and forget about it." "Well, this is for me to worry about. Not for you to care." "Yes, please." "Generally, somebody will eventually be paying for such a creature to be hunted, so I do "not feel the necessity to do it, without--" "Then I think it should be very easy to convince someone to pay for it." "Well, I imagine that would be quite a terrible thing." Vanessa's crossed her arms and thinks for a second and she goes, "Ah, if what you say is true, "this is very unfortunate. And a bit larger than what our simple guild could even hope to really "help. This would be something to take to the various temples." "Well. Let me put it this way. If what you say is true, multiple incredibly powerful ancient "dragons roaming, destroying-- this is not something you can throw yourself at until "eventually one or the other falls. You have to find a weakness, you have to find the way to be on "their level. Ask around. See what other allies you can find." (sighs) "I am Huntmaster of the Slayer's Take. I deal in contracts, I deal in business, I "deal in the hunting of relatively unorganized creatures. This-- this is beyond me. That is not "to say I would not be willing to help, but there are many things to consider first. Perhaps you "should speak with Osysa." "Osysa." "Our patron of Ioun." "She would have a better mind for this than me, this is..." "The same way you did last time." "Follow me." "My apologies. Mertin!" He's over there, he's currently putting the head into a small case and closing up and he goes, "Aye, not to worry I'll be more than happy to get this for you." And he leaves for a second, comes back, goes through the contract, reads a couple things. Pulls out a large chest and begins divvying up coin and throws a satchel to each of you that contains, for both of you divided for this contract that would come to 2,250 gold pieces. "Of course, that's what I'm here for!" "Regardless... Shall we? Very well." And she begins walking further to the back of the guild hall, where you come to the same doorway that you previously entered with her before. The chains in the side, that sets up a large slab that leads to a staircase that leads to the subterranean area right beneath the Slayer's Take. You may have noticed it previously, but there is a structure above where the subterranean area is, behind the Slayer's Take. And it's-- it looks like a very simple temple. You haven't really gone into it, but as you step down into this dark area underneath you can see the sconces lighting along with you as you step into this dark cavern. As it opens up once again, you can see the remnants of this hidden temple to Ioun, the Goddess of Knowledge. And what's curious about this temple is Ioun is a goddess of knowledge and openness. One of her main astute pushes is the fact that knowledge is to be shared and spread, so it's curious to see that something of hers is hidden. There's probably a purpose to that. Pushing up the steps again, Vanessa puts her hand up and tells you all to stop and calls out again. "Osysa! I "apologize to bother you, but we have a predicament that I believe requires your attention." As a moment passes, where once again you hear the low, rumbling growl in the shadows. (growls) You hear slams of giant footfalls across stone as what little bit of light torches begin to spark to life around the top of this platform, this stone platform. And at the very top of this staircase that leads to the top of where this platform ends, you can see standing above it a very large female sphinx with a lion body, a female head adorned with golden jewels around the neck, eyes that are light sky blue and white in color. Proud as these giant griffin-like wings stretch out and the entity comes to rest at the top, paws folded over the edge. "Yes, I recall. So what do you need of me?" The head sinks for a moment. "I have been watching by the heartstone, naught but this past "day I have been keeping tabs in hopes that such a cataclysm would not find its way to my mate. It "has not. So. Being aware of this, what do you ask?" She thinks for a second, steps up and closes her eyes. As her muscles tense, her eyes open again, that color flashing with this luminescent blue color. And her voice falls even deeper into her register, and almost has this monotone informative projection that says "The Vestiges of "Divergence, relics wielded when the gods walked and fought alongside their creations." The light fades from the eyes, for a second she catches herself and steps back. She shakes her head. "I am a channel for this knowledge, but the best I can understand, "they are old relics of the War of the Divergence. Leading into the penance, the Second Spark. These "were armaments. Objects of great power that were used in these wars against the gods, good and "dark. Many have been buried, entombed, lost, forgotten. The few that are recovered are passed "on through blood lines, through symbols of power and of seats of great political importance. But "the actual information is lost to me." She concentrates for a second. "Not within my field of vision. Objects of this powerful "enchantment are also prone to want to keep themselves hidden." "The danger that you run here is that Vasselheim has stood the test of time and survived "two possible ends of civilization as we know it. But it has survived both of these events because "those who guard it stayed to guard it. "You may be hard-pressed to convince others to step beyond the walls knowing that such a danger "could use that to their advantage and destroy the greatest city that we know of. You are welcome to "ask, but it will be a difficult journey. What I can offer, though my mate is a keeper of much "hidden knowledge, over on his side of Tal'Dorei. I may be able to send you to him to seek this "information." "I am one of the chosen of Ioun. He does not serve her directly." Her large paws cross once again, and she looks at you with a stern expression. "There is "great danger and darkness in this world, and there are many fools who stand up in hopes that they "can keep it at bay. If we were to lend our power to you, I would ask that you prove yourselves the "ones that could carry this torch." "Perhaps find these relics. Gather other allies. Prove to me that I would not be sending my "people to their doom. Then return. Perhaps then, when you think you are ready, we could lend our "guild to your service." She closes her eyes and concentrates for a moment. "South of the Frostweald, the mountain "range that guards it." Her eyes open again. "Understand that it is our nature to present "challenges. Part of his journey to seek him is to find him yourself. That is the first step." "It is his name to give." And she steps back and you see the crystal sphere, the heartstone that she once helped you look through before to look back at the world, glows beneath framing light under her form. "Yes." As you say that name, she snarls. (roars) "It would do you right to not mention that name in this place." "Yes, I know of him." "If I did, we would have done so long ago. This creature is one of the few entities that "shrouds my vision. The limits of our sight, of the things we seek to discover and unveil, are "constantly balked by the veil of darkness he throws over the world. He may have been held at "bay, many thought destroyed hundreds of years ago, but no, he stays. And he squeezes a stranglehold "on everything we seek to accomplish." "What do you know?" "Whitestone." She steps back for a second, her eyes flare up with energy again. You can see the heartstone embedded in the floor of the stone glow even brighter and brighter as she puts her paws in the side and peers into it. She begins to mutter beneath her breath. "I can see the snowy "north of Tal'Dorei, the castle. Beneath, one of our corrupted temples, forgotten long ago." "The ziggurats were not of his construction. But he took them." Her eyes wince for a moment. Her head turns for a minute, her vision and face staring in the distance. "I look out to follow the "anger, the swath of death and hatred. Those who took Emon, they draw my gaze. Something is "happening." "The path to Westruun, eastward." "Parts smoldering and left behind, the path continues over the Lucidian Ocean, eastward beyond "the shores of Wildemount." Her head looks up, still staring off into the distance. "Into the "Drimaulth Ravine. "I see the floating islands of Draconia falling. Crumbling. Gone. "An army sundered. People ruined. The Conclave, sated, returns towards your land once more." You can see blood pouring out of one of her nostrils now. The light dulls in her eyes and the heartstone fades for a moment. She gathers herself. "I peered too far beyond the veil that "contains me, I'm sorry. My (pained grunt)--" She plops down and is breathing a little heavy. She takes a few steps down towards you. "Brother Kashaw. It would be appreciated." "Thank you." She steps up and bows her head to you. She steps to the top of the temple once again. "I've seen this darkness you speak of under Whitestone, and I shall speak out to our brethren "of Ioun in hopes of discovering the nature of this shadow. I'm sorry, I must rest." "Return when you have proven yourself." "When you think this Conclave could possibly be felled beneath your weapons and might and "will." She whips around the wings (whoosh) as the torches atop the temple flare out and you can see the edge of Osysa's form as she dives into the shadow to the back of the temple. You can hear the impact of giant footfalls against sand and then silence. There's a very slow clap echoing into the cavern, as Vanessa goes-- (laughter) The Frostweald is back in-- South of Westruun. That was where you got the heart of the nymph. "We have things we can provide, as you are members." "Mind you, not extremely active members as of late, but..." Make a persuasion check. No. That's closer to disadvantage. (laughter) "Yes, I'll provide you with what we can. Come with me." So, you guys step up and you lead back to the Slayer's Take guildhall. She snaps at Mertin, whispers something in his ear, and he comes and offers a small chest to you guys that contains two potions of healing and one potion of greater healing. "Go to the Quadroads." "I'm afraid your symbols have been getting dusty." "Zahra, what can I do for you?" "And there is a lot of great money that you've made that could pay for these things." "I've given you already more than I needed to. You can afford it. If you were broke and "asking me, maybe I'd be happy to ask, but I just paid you quite a sum of money." "I feel like I'm being taken advantage of." "And none is taken. However, I would say, there is business to be had deeper in the city. "You wish potions, there are those that purchase them. I've already given you what I have and what "you've earned." "Very well." "I look forward to you coming back and proving me wrong." (deadpan) "I've never heard this before." (laughter) "The gnome speaks because I do not have to. But good luck, and don't stray too far. Stay safe, "please? I put a lot of faith in you." As you say that, you hear a voice in the back of the room go, "What, is she?!" You see Aldor in the back table, he's already up with his bag, ready to run. (laughter) "He's the ambassador." All right, so you guys head out of the Slayer's Take guildhall into Vasselheim, which is now a little more bustling than it was when you arrived. It's about midday. The sun is still not visible. There's enough cloud cover where you can see where it would be in the sky, but it's still pretty grey. No rain, and there is still relatively recent snow that covers most of the city streets, some of which has been pushed to the sides to make walkways easier. It's been snowing here in the winter rather often, as you two are both very aware. You have multiple things you want the potion shop, there's the Platinum Sanctuary, I think last time you mentioned the Trial Forge. What do you guys want to do? All right. So you make your way to the Quadroads. Yeah. Coming back to the center of the Quadroads, you guys have been here before. This is where the center of the city's trade happens. Imagine the central Abdar's Promenade of Emon, as it once was, but condensed. And it is just hovels and tents and all these open shops that are crammed in this heavy space. It looks like the-- what's it, from "Hellboy II"-- Wall to wall buildings, but people, not weird creatures. People shouting, people are-- get some proper audio for this, one second. Exactly. So as you guys are walking around, you eventually find your way up to the same area where you found the potions from before. You can see him there, he's wearing an open red vest that falls to the ground behind him, arms are revealed, he has these thick bracers on that are really finely scrolled with brass. He's got a fine Van Dyke beard going on now. He's currently speaking with someone off to the side. "Yes, of course, I'm more than happy to, yes. You! I remember you. Oh, "it's been quite some time--" "Step on over here, sir, I would love having more--" "Yes, can I help you?" "He got a fantastic deal the last time. He's a grade A customer. I'm sorry, is there a problem?" "Hoo, hoo, hoo, do I? Do not worry, sir. Hold on just a moment." He disappears into the small tent opening behind him. "Music to my ears!" You hear from inside the tent, as he comes out with this long, very well-carved wooden-- looks like a test tube set, almost. There are all various potions of different sizes and colors. He sets it down. "So, potions of healing, you say." He pulls out a few of them. "This here I have, two superior healing potions..." "Three greater healing potions and ten regular potions of healing, at your disposal, "should you require them. Mm, yes." "And by far a handsome and intelligent salesman." "And yet she was so abrasive when she arrived." "Fine, hmph!" Trinket stumbles inside. "This one, really?" "How many would you like? What do you want?" "All of them?" (chuckles) "Well, then. Let me do my math here." He looks through it. "All right, um..." "The Take? Are you with the Take?" "Yes, there is indeed a discount with the Take (nervous laugh). They've been great representatives in the past, yes." "With friendship discount, let me total this up a bit here." "That will be 6,500 gold pieces for the lot." "6,500 gold pieces for the lot, with the discount." Make a deception check. Make a deception check. I would say, you know, if you wanted to-- You can assist on this, yeah. That gives you advantage on the roll. Huh? No, it just gives her advantage. He goes, "No, no, no, no. Put them on the table, please. I would like to have a look. Just "in casies." Sure. Make a sleight of hand check. 18? Okay. As you sit down (poof), this little like-- all the dust on the front, a little of the dampness is (poof). "Hmm." He pulls out a little glass eyepiece, inspects. "The craftsmanship is decent." What are the components on that? On the spell. What does it say under components? Visual. Yeah, you don't have to actually do anything to it. It just happens. You need to make a sleight of hand check. Okay. So you set down which one of the knickknacks now? Which one? These things that you pulled out of the-- There you go. Oh, from that. I'm sorry. (laughter) Got you. I'm sorry, I misunderstood. So what this is, it's like a really, really intricate inkwell that has been made out of gold and bronze. It's stuff you find in a SkyMall, essentially. All right, so. As the gust of wind fades, the table begins to shake, and he glances in across the outside of this inkwell amongst a bunch of other random knickknacks scattered around it. He looks at it for a second, this flash in his eyes. He goes, "Hmm. They seem fair enough. I would "say, include these in the transaction, I would be willing to drop the cost by about 500 gold pieces? "An even 6,000." "I do, actually, I'm quite the appraiser. It's part of my business." "Well then, step away. You don't need my business, obviously. Is this how your 'Shiny "Manager' deals with your shinies? Or would you wish to deal with this face to face?" "That is ridiculous! No." "What does that mean?" Make an intimidation check. (laughing) With advantage because she's helping. (laughter) Roll a d20 twice and take the higher of the two. Add your intimidation. "Um. They're fine. Uh, quite fine. Yes. A thousand gold? Off the asking price?" "That-- that's ridiculous. It's not even-- what are you--" "I-- 1,300 off the asking price. Nothing more." He's looking, like, over you guys now, towards the thoroughfare. "Ah, um. Perhaps, uh--" "I would need..." "Um." "Five thousand gold, knickknacks and ah, we're all good? Yes?" "All right, here you are. Please now, it would be wondrous after we complete this "transaction that we never meet again." "I don't even know what that means." (laughter) "Thank you." "Good day! Good day." To him? He takes it, confused, and goes-- You grab the potions that are on the table that he pushed towards you. There is one superior healing-- Yes. One superior, two greater, ten regular. It would only have been like two points of damage to you, so that would have healed up fine. So you come into the tent after him? He turns around. "The superior potions are five thousand gold apiece, baseline." "I said all the ones I placed on the table before you." "You've made a grand deal with what we said. If you continue to push this, I'm afraid I'm going "to have to get the guards." You can go back and take a moment and sniff, yeah. Go ahead and make a perception check. Make a perception check. You take it and uncork and sniff. Yeah, it's a very familiar pungent herbal smell of-- Yeah. (laughter) You have a fair map of Tal'Dorei and you have what is a basic layout of the continents. You met Tyriok here. Though you haven't seen him. He mentioned to you previously he's currently traveling to finish his-- Yes. Othanzia is the larger country set around. The continent is Issylra. Issylra is a very large continent. It's almost the equivalent of Asia and Russia, like that whole-- it's very wide and a lot of it is wild and untamed land and wilderness. Hmm? A superior heals 8d4 plus eight. Oh my god! I just buy healing to save my life! Such a waste! (laughter) Yep. Correct, yes. The two taverns you've been to is that of the Bellows' Respite Inn, which is in the Braving Grounds. So yeah, you can go to either one of those. Up to you. Closer would be the Bellows' Respite, that's also where the Crucible was, the one that was on the outside of it. So you guys go get drinks. Who's going--? You can go back and ask the Slayer's Take. They have basic maps of the nearby countryside. A lot of the contracts require you to travel across this side of Othanzia. You go back and you talk to Vanessa and you procure one of the maps there that are usually supplied for one of your missions. All right, so most of them are drinking. Vex and Percival head-- you guys are all heading actually in the same area, to the Braving Grounds outside the Trial Forge, since that's where the bar is and that's also where Victor's little powder-covered hovel is. So (laughs) as you approach the same area, you can see that the building is the same as it was before, other than it's missing half a roof. It appears to be haphazardly covered with a series of boards that were nailed to keep things closed, but there is definitely, with the snow and the rain, it's probably not the best place to be staying or living. Trinket's trying to get the coat off. Some movement, and you hear the shattering of glass and you hear a (frustrated noise). "Just a moment!" Suddenly the door, whoosh!, slams open and before you, you see Victor, half covered in soot, has a big old thick pair of glasses on his face, one of which is cracked. You can see his chin now has this puffed out, partially burnt and curled bit of a goatee at the very tip of his chin. He looks up at you with these giant eyes that are projected and magnified by his eyewear. "Can I help you?!" (laughter) "No!" (laughter) "Is that all?!" "Yes, yes, come in, please come in!" He turns around and heads back inside. As you enter, indeed, a good half of the roof is missing and you see now a lot of things have been moved away because currently there is a pile of burnt and destroyed wood splinters that are also soaked through, and there's a little bit of mold and rotten mildew that has gathered in that far corner as well, from the weather. "Heh, heh! Mostly." He turns around and you can see now, what you failed to notice when you first started this is where once there was five, there is now three fingers. "Learn from my mistakes!" (laughter) "I can. Three, four-- yes!" He runs off and starts rummaging through a bunch of stuff. "I'm on it, I'm on it! Hold on!" He whips around with this metallic cylinder that is very well sealed. "See, I learn from my mistakes!" He walks very carefully, very gingerly placing it on the table. "Okay. Carefully." He pulls out (fwoosh) a small torch. "I have to unseal the metal." Okay. You smack it out of his hand. "Heh heh heh heh. It's coffee." (laughter) Yeah. "Sorry, trying to host. It's been a while since I've had a guest. Would you like some?" He goes over to a small kettle and begins straining it through. He's got this little coffee brew on the side. "So, real black powder. Wait! I do know you." "You've purchased before." "Return customer. Not many of those." He pours a couple of cups for you, pulls it over to you. "Oh, one. Months ago." "Nice woman. Young, good outfit, well dressed, heh." "No, no. Weeks, not months. Time-- strange." "No! She paid well!" "Kept her distance." "Three." "Yes." "Oh, I have to fix that." "Explains the cold." He smears black right across the front of his face. It's like gelled in with whatever mucus had been captured in there as well, streaked across. He comes back and he's now keeping, previously it was out in the open, he's learned his lesson. He has these glass vials, similar to what they put potions in, but now he's filling them with powder. And he brings out about four of them. "This is as much as I will spare. I already "sold a lot recently to the lady. I have my own tinkering to do, but if you wish to buy these?" "I would be happy to sell." "Okay. Process of distilling, drying, preparing, 250 gold!" "Wondrous! Deal, deal." "Hiiii!" "Would you like some coffee?" "50 gold." Make a persuasion roll. (laughs) Given the circumstance, he has a really low DC on this, so I'm glad this is the one you rolled a 12 on. He goes, "For you? I saw nothing!" (laughter) He catches it and he grabs a glass vial and puts it in and caps it up. "Yes?" "Will do." "Bye!" He waves with his three fingers. "Close the door when you're done!" The rest of you find your way back at the Bellows' Respite Inn where the rest of the party has been drinking. (cheering) Wow, you've been drinking. A barkeep comes by, a human gentleman you recognize from before as Once-Lucky Ned, who had originally given you some information. Comes by, puts the drinks down. "I thought it was you!" "Heh, heh. Phillip! Phillip! It's good to see you." "Oh, he beat the name out of you. That's harsh." "Right, right." "You want to be known as... I see (clicks tongue). I got you." "Grog the Phillip is in town! Should anyone wish to take the title of the Crucible, this would "be the one to talk to. Heh-heh." Faces turn, then go back to business. Yeah, Once-Lucky Ned is there. "Oh, I apologize." "I know of him. He doesn't come in and drink, no. He spends most of his days over there in that big Trial Forge Temple of Kord." "He'll go into the city on occasion. But he's one of them, how do I put it? 'Medititive' types." "Yes. Spends a lot of time thinking. Sleeping while standing up. It's weird." "You'll have to ask him." "Yes." "No worries. I mean, if I recall, he actually came and saw your last bout." "Go over there to the Trial Forge! He's seen you once, maybe he'll say hello again." "I don't know. I don't ever talk to him." "No clue." Well, no, it's probably about 130, 2 o'clock in the afternoon. While this is happening, Vex, you glance over her shoulder to the entryway to this bar, and you see stepping in, a familiar, burly looking half-orc gentleman. He walks in, wiping his hands from dirt in the mines, stops, looks over at your table. Slowly backs out of the tavern and steps back out into the thoroughfare. Yeah. Make a perception check. 18. You step out in the front of the tavern, and immediately to the left, you see him ducking into the alleyway. Okay. You turn around the corner and you see his back is against the wall and he has sweat dripping down his brow. "Hi." At this point-- He looks down. "Still a little sore." "How about you?" "Yeah." "Yeah, yeah. The Earthbreaker." "I've seen him around. Haven't really... I talked to him once. I'll level with you. Went "to him for a little training after our first fight." "Um. Says I'm a little too angry to pursue his path." "I got a lot of pent-up rage the way I was raised." (laughter) "Tell me about it. (chuckles) Well, half my folks are bloodthirsty, wandering barbarians in "the Northern Wastes." "Yeah. What, you think being a half-orc's great? No! It's bullshit!" "At least you're made for this weather! It's cold out here!" "Yeah, it is." "Sorry I took yours off, too." "Yeah." "Well, obviously not, really." "He didn't ask for any pay. He--" "He told me I had--" "--to help someone." (laughter) "He still hasn't given me the proper details yet and he hasn't called in the debt, but he told "me one day, I was to help him test someone, and he'd train me." "Not as big as him, no. But there's plenty of others that train under him. All sorts of "warriors. Weapons of all kinds. It's Kord!" He looks over, and you see in the distance, the giant statue of Kord that sits atop the Trial Forge. He looks over and with a look of reverence, gives a nod, and you can see that this man, a glimmer of faith in his eyes. He himself probably a follower of Kord as well. "He's a great man. I'm not the right temperament, it seems. But that's fine. He's "getting along okay." "Probably the Platinum Sanctuary. Between them and the Trial Forge, that's most of the "actual army. Most of it's Trial Forge. It's part of what the Braving Grounds are about. They train "the armies here, it's where they breed warriors." "Most of the Bastions that look over the city are trained here, so it's-- those are my best "bets, at least. Not much of a political man." "You too. Um. The medal was a joke. I was in a sore place. Literally, a very, very sore place." "I wanted to apologize for that." "I should go." He starts walking past you, out into the main street. He doesn't even look back to you. "Uh, you too!" and keeps walking. (laughter) Okay. "Of course, coming your way." All right. After a brief time of coffee and a bit of sobering, you find yourselves of sound enough mind. A few hours, two hours, let's say. It's four, five o'clock in the afternoon. As you, sobering up, the coffee's helped. You find yourself clear of mind to continue onto your intended events for the day. With that, we're going to go ahead and take a break. We'll be back here-- (cheering) All right, guys, we'll see you here in a few minutes. Thank you. (laughter) Welcome back, everyone. So, before we get back into this, a couple quick announcements. One, if we get to 15,000 subscribers tonight, tomorrow's crew will be celebrating 15k and a Cosplay Day. All of our crew will be dressing up as their favorite characters all night. So you guys should go ahead and see if we can hit that number, because that would be awesome and hilarious and awesome. I heard a couple, too. You guys would enjoy it, so make it happen, please. I want to see it. Also, a reminder that if you want to help support the channel, check out the Geek and Sundry Amazon Wish List. You can find the list in chat if you type "!Wishlist" there and that will give you access to it and you can see if there's any way you want to help build the channel and make it more awesome. So there's that. Liam will join us when he can. But we're going to jump in for the time being. So, as you guys exit the tavern, you look out into the Braving Fields. There is that, yeah. So you're in the center of the Braving Grounds-- we traded Liam for Travis. Exactly. To your left, around the Heaven's Stair, the giant mountain that bisects the northern portion of Vasselheim, around that way, a little bit of travel, but that heads towards the Bahamut section of the city, where the Platinum Sanctuary is. To your vision, immediately outside the tavern, you can see the giant statue of Kord, where the Trial Forge is. And to the south of you is where the Quadroads are, in the southern regions. What do you guys want to do? It's been a few hours, and you guys have had some coffee, so you're still a little tipsy, but you're not useless. (laughter) All right, you guys make your way south, southwest around the curvature of the base of the Heaven's Stair. You can see up along the mountain itself, large, ominous, this monolith of earth that looks over the entirety of Vasselheim. You can see embedded in the rock itself, there are various homesteads toward the base. As you look up, you can see there's a number of stairways that just spiral around in different directions. You can see small cliffs and precipices that are built on the outside and look to be either various places of individual worship where statues are just barely visible, cresting on the edge. There's a number of constructs, just built into this mountain, that are probably as old as the city itself. You make your way around the south portion of it back into the actual area of Vasselheim, the Silver Talon's Reach, which is where largely Bahamut's worship occurs. You make your way past the scattered temples, all the different huts and hovels that build the central residential real estate to this territory. There are a few homes here that look a little bit like-- this town is built on existing in hardship and difficulty, so a lot of people here are just stern folk that live amongst terrible weather and money and wealth isn't really presented or flaunted in this city. It's considered in very poor taste as everyone here is in some way, shape or form, to some level, is pious to some degree to one of the deities that are worshipped here. You find your way to the base of the stair that you recall, following when you first arrived here in Vasselheim, that leads up to the Platinum Sanctuary where you were delivering the Horn of Orcus originally. You follow it up the side and it is an extended staircase that curves up to these three silver spires that are pushing out from the side of the mountain, quite a ways up. After about almost 20 minutes of stair climbing, your legs start to cramp a bit, but you manage to make your way towards the top, the outside of the large stone doors. There you can see there are two Scalebearers of Vord, in their silver armor, blue cloaks at their back, weapons at the ready, just looking out. And as soon as you guys approach the top of the stairway, they change their stance to be a little more prepared. "Your business is with whom?" Turns, nods to the other guy. They both grab these small handles and give a tug, and the door opens slightly and one of the guys disappears between the two doors. About 30 seconds pass to a minute, before he steps back out. "Your presence has been accepted by the Highbearer Vord, the "Silvertouched. He will greet you in the central chamber, please." "Highbearer would suffice." "Please enter." He doesn't answer. The doors open even wider. So as you guys enter the chamber once more, this is close to where you flew in in bird form and almost got arrested by the Highbearers. So, as you enter the chamber, you see a number of the guards have already assembled and they're giving you a walkway path, both as a presentory arrival vigil, but also making sure that you don't wander off the predestined path to the main central meeting chamber. No. Just-- they're protecting their temple. You guys continue inward, towards the central chamber, the high stone ceiling before you. You can see there are holes carved throughout the ceiling and the stonework that cause beams of light to come shooting through from the sky. What catches your interest in here is that the sky is cloudy. There is no specific source of direct sunlight, yet there are beams of light within the temple itself that form a pattern across the stone marble floor of the central chamber. Certainly. The pattern resembles a large shield, when you look at it. It's pointed toward the base of where you guys are walking in and fills most of the chamber in an oval fashion, before coming together in a line towards the back. 17? Okay, this definitely isn't a natural occurrence. The sunlight should not be projecting this way, which leads you to believe that there's something about the temple's enchantment or its construction that can either dissipate the veil of clouds to the sunlight or produce their own light to mimic it during all hours. You've seen-- the shield itself is akin to the symbol of Bahamut, which is a shield with a silver dragon head on it. You've seen Kima use it previously when you guys were looking after her in the Underdark. As you guys push to the central chamber, you can see there's a line of three heavily armored Knights of Bahamut that are all there, standing shields at the ready, big tower shields that almost touch the ground. Two of them separate to one side and one separates to the other, and in the center, arriving before you, is Highbearer Vord, the Silvertouched, who some of you are seeing for the first time. Long, light brown hair that crests down past his shoulders, his features are very elven, very soft and ageless, but there is a very faint bluish hue to his skin. His eyes have no irises, no pupils. Steps forward and extends his hands. "It is good to see such "friends, so I ask you once again to join me in this chamber. Can I help you?" He looks about the rest of you, with a discerning glance, just spending a beat on each of you, almost like you're being judged and read in that instant. You feel as if someone is prying into your personality with but a glance, and it's unsettling at first, but nothing too invasive, just enough to catch you off guard. As he finishes the sweep of the party at hand "I was given a "vision in the night of a far city of man, swathed in ice and flame, of colors bonded and unleashed. "And I feared it was the work of our lord's nemesis." He puts his hand up. "However, with much prayer of mine and my acolytes, we find no tremor of the Dragon Queen, "nor the stench of Baator, on this business." Baator. B-a-a-t-o-r. Make a religion check. All of you, sure. Make a religion check. Okay. None of these ring a bell, except for you, Kashaw. The Dragon Queen is indeed the nemesis of the Platinum Dragon, Bahamut. It is an entity known as Tiamat and is essentially the patron of most chromatic dragons. She resides in Baator, which is one of the Nine Hells. However, it seems that Vord is speaking in a way that, through much disturbed interest and prayer into this matter, there doesn't seem to be the scent of Tiamat's doing in this matter. And strangely, you see a bit of the tension in his face relax as he tells you this. "While these entities do concern us, there is the alternate vow that we've spoken, and that "is to protect Vasselheim. The city has stood as long as it has because we have not left our post. "And the moment that we were to attempt to move even a minority of our people in the city to be of "aid to you in this endeavor, this would be the moment that the Dragon Queen will be waiting for "to attack our citadel. There are many more forces beyond these dragons that you speak of in this "world, bent against the destruction of this city. And we stand because we hold vigil here." "And yet it avoided our city. Do you know why? Because even such creatures know better than "to lend their talons against us." "Do you think this will be the first time that ancient dragons have attempted to attack our "fair city?" "I can guarantee you, should they mount an attack on us, four or not, they will fall." "Well, we had the aid of Bahamut with us at that time." And he glances up and you look up and you can see the rays of sun that have come through here, from your current position, you can see actually form a matching symbol. Not of a shield, but of a giant winged dragon outstretched across the curved roof of this temple. "Drinking?" "Well, understand. I hear your plight. And I understand that we must aid you in this endeavor, "best that we can. But we cannot swear to you our army." "Well, now, while you seek out whatever your plot is to tear these creatures from their summit, "we will grant to you, from our place in the Dawn City, our finest champion. While I have no "resources to offer at this time, this champion shall come to your aid to help in any way that "they can. And once they can report their certainty that victory can be had, perhaps we may be able to "send a little more of our power your way." "The champion is here." And he steps aside and puts his hand out. And one of the armored knights steps forward, full armor, this tall, wide-chested masculine form. You can't see the face, the helmet protects it, but the shield comes out and slams the ground and goes to kneel on one knee. "Your charge, Platinum Knight Udire, one of our finest warriors, whom has had time and time again--" At which point you hear a loud (clang) sound as all of a sudden, Udire's thrown off of his feet, his shield bent in and skidding across the ground. You see stepping up behind, a female halfling, scar across the face-- -- gold-trimmed armor, blue cloak behind her, shouting out, "Oh no, you don't! This is my "home turf! I'm going." Highbearer Vord rolls his eyes and sighs loudly. (growls) "Kima, you are in need of "discipline and guidance. More than most who walk the Warrior's Path! Your foolish impulses will get "you killed!" She grins as she swings her maul, slams it onto the stone ground, a little bit of a rumble as you see a flash of divine energy from that. And a beam from the sky comes down and frames her form as she stands there clutching the top of it. "Better to die a fool for something than live in "regret for doing nothing." An awkward pause as Udire gets back up on his feet and pulls up the front of his helmet. You can see there's a very thin pencil 'stache underneath. A chiseled jaw and a man who looks like probably an intense, chivalrous-type knight gentleman, except there's a look of complete disdain and frustration. He gets up and goes, "Really, her?!" Vord raises his hand and grumbles. "Very well. Your new charge is Lady Kima, whom you are already affiliated. Please keep her from doing "anything stupid." His eyes squint for a moment as he puts his hands in front of his face. "Hmm. To step against "such powerful dragons is indeed a death sentence. It's true that you need to prepare, arm yourselves "against this doom. While we are meant to stay here in the most holiest of places, these relics you "speak of from before the Second Spark still lie forgotten. Hmph, these elements even balked the "Primordials of old, blades that slew the Children of the Dark. Where these relics lie, only story "and tome can tell, unfortunately. Know that at any given time, you are not the only ones seeking this "power. Consider things of such great strength are perpetually in the minds of those who would make "their riches off of them or intend to take their own townships and peasantry under their own boot "and gauntlet. Well..." "I don't believe any of that such capability, but I also am not a scholar of ancient "magics and artifacts. I have merely come across their whispers in books and various classes I took as a child." "There are tomes scattered throughout the city. And there is the Cobalt Reserve." "That is unfortunate." "Perhaps." "I wish I could tell you. We had one such entrusted to us long ago, but that was destroyed "as part of the last assault on Vasselheim that we withstood." "The stories say of at least a dozen. I can't be certain. I wish I could be of more aid in "this, but this is not a path that I chose to learn much on." "I have no idea." "Though the warriors that once wielded these in the battles of old only seemed to have carried "one or two each." "That was before my time, my dear." "Depends. The Second Spark. Hmm." He takes a moment to gather his thoughts as I take a moment to gather my notes. (laughter) He's not happy at all about that. Hold on. Got it. "It's a long tale, and I recommend you research the history yourself, but during the "times of creation, when the gods first came upon this world, it was a place of chaotic energies, "elements clashing. The very landscape itself was in eternal turmoil, wrestling for no purpose other "than the destruction of the others. There were no boundaries. Yet the gods still came, and they "created us, the various beings and entities. As they came to understand what their purpose was, as "they themselves were still uncertain as to why they came to be, they hoped that through their "creations, they could learn more about themselves. They began to watch the first burgeoning elves, "dwarves, people. Within a short time, a very short time, the very chaotic nature of this landscape "consumed and destroyed most of what remained. The only city that stood, the first city Vasselheim. "The titans that walked across these lands, great, primordial elemental kings, beings of no noble "mind, sought to destroy any light or beauty. Thus the first war began. The peoples rose up, the gods' "feet touched the ground, and alongside their creations they slew the titans, with the first of "these Vestiges. Laying them to rest within the dirt, within the sky, casting the elements away "from this plane, and separate to their own, where now they remain, amidst fire, earth, air, water, "and their muddy boundaries between. "Thus came a time of great privilege and prosperity. And it also came to be discovered that "some of the gods, as part of creation during this bout with the titans, began to question the "purpose of creation, to embrace the chaos that they fought in this battle, and they distanced "themselves from the ones that guide us to this day. They began to take the children of the gods, "to corrupt them, teach them the wonders of arcana, magics beyond the divine, the gifts of the gods, "and for the first time, the creations began to find power separate from the creators. The "arrogance to think that perhaps, now, they were gods themselves. Now, they were the gods' "creations and they loved them very much, so they did not see this as a threat. But as the second "expansion of civilization spread across the world, we saw rise great, new towns and cities and "civilizations and cultures, as well as a new wave of insolence and selfishness. And these new dark "gods began to prey upon this, and build a force to take those who still stay true to the first. This "terrible war, this is what we knew as the Divergence. This is when the people were split in two. "The gods were divided as well. Bloody battles ensued. And it looked as though, while all other "cities fell into ruin, even Vasselheim would fall. But in this time, these Vestiges were expanded "upon, those first few weapons, many more were created. And the Champions fought alongside the "gods once more. And victory was had, the dark gods banished to various planes, far from this plane. "But it was then the gods also decided that perhaps their delving had caused this, and they receded, "leaving the mortals to find their own way, to rebuild a second time, with the warning of the "dangers of arcane, which Vasselheim still to this day holds in its prime oaths. Many of these "Vestiges that you seek were destroyed, but some were kept, some were lost, some were entombed, "some were re-found and rediscovered and used as symbols of power. But since this Second Spark of "civilization, the gods felt that the true penance was the destruction of all their people had built, "and the gods leaving us to our own. Thus started the Penance, where to this day, we still make up "for the infractions and sins of our arrogant brothers and sisters of that day. So, since then, "we've had other new civilizations spring up Wildemount, Tal'Dorei, Syngorn, Marquet. These are "the newer cities of the Third Age." "We know of them. Understand, artifacts and relics of this power are very dangerous. And what "better way to hide things of such power than to destroy the knowledge of where they may be or even "if they exist?" "Yes." "It is possible. I am not a practitioner of the history of the Ashari people." "Cobalt Reserve. There the monks keep some of the most ancient of texts. We here at "Vasselheim keep a watchful eye on things that relate to the wars of old, the history of our "deities, of our temples, to not repeat the mistakes we have. The monks are more eclectic "in their collections. Perhaps they can be of more aid." "If they have, it's a very-- no, they would not be able to shroud the sight of the Platinum "Dragon himself." "For chromatics, it is." "The red one?" "Chromatic dragons respond to a few things gold, dominance, and strength. If this red dragon "is as ancient and as powerful as you say, perhaps he, even he, could bully lesser dragons." "There are many possibilities. You would have to ask one of them yourself." "I hope not." "But if it does, we will do everything we can to see that this city stands. It is the only "link we have to the past. Should Vasselheim fall, I dare say all is lost." "That is your question?" "From here, civilization could spring anew. People could defend themselves and thrive "thereafter. The rest of the world is scattered. Petty squabbles, selfish personal endeavors that "lead to foolishness and treachery. Should this city fall, and one of those remain, that is a "breeding ground for the dark powers that lie beyond the Veil. It is only here that those who "are the most devout could truly have the hearts and minds to guide us, Bahamut forbid, into a "Fourth Age." Which you see, Kima slams her hammer on the ground. "Oh my god! Can we just go? I'm sick of "hearing him rattle on." Vord puts his hand out. "Kima!" "We do not deal in such teleportation magics beyond the divine-provided ones, and those I "assume are beyond most of you. However, there is still the Skyport, which I believe you arrived in "when you first came to us? Other than that, if none among you are able to achieve any sort of "distance translocation, then I highly doubt you have the ability to stand up against these dragons "you seek to destroy." "Shh!" "And with that--" "I have business for the day." "Show our guests out, please." "With pleasure." Slings her maul up on her shoulder. "Let's step outside first." And she leads you all outside, the temple doors close. As soon as the doors close, she tells the two guards, "Shove off, please. We have to have a conversation." The guards kind of frustratedly turn around and go back and close the door. As soon as the doors close behind them, she goes, "Oh my god, guys!" (cheering) "Zahra, nice to meet you." "Kima. Lady Kima." "Hmph." "You're brooding." "All right, so. I caught some of that discussion. Dragons? What are we after here?" "I tend to glaze over when he's talking." "Is she all right? Is Allie all right?" "My home temple's in Westruun." "All right, well. I'm with you. Wherever you need me." "A few of you started early. I'm jealous." "I can see it on your faces. You all look a bit harrowed. "You surprise me day after day, Grog." "All right, where are we off to?" It's roughly three days' travel, southwest of Vasselheim. "Earthbreaker. As in Dawn Marshal? The great Dawn Marshal of--? (chuckles) I've only seen him "from a distance. He's a rough-looking fella." "I'm excited to see this." Puts it over her shoulder and she's walking down, her little legs (clanging) with her armor down the stairs. "I've seen him punch someone's head clear off." (laughs) "You're not the only one!" And she continues rushing ahead. You get the feeling that Kima's been locked up and been doing temple stuff for quite some time and is very happy to get out of her general duties. You guys head back down the outside of the Heaven's Stair, making your way back to the outside of the Trial Forge. You can still see now it's middle of the afternoon, all the forges throughout the town are in full steam. You see big plumes of black smoke pouring out of the various steelworks. So as you guys approach the outside steps leading up to the doors of the Trial Forge, you can see the large rust red-colored monument, Temple to Kord. Very rigid and very much a temple built to withstand. It's a fortress more than a temple. And you see above it still, across the lip at the very top at the front walkway, a little bit of the Kord statue, looking over the entirety of this section of Vasselheim. The doors are actually ajar, they're open. There are two Dawn Marshals there in their armor with the colors of Kord. As you approach, they step out of the way. As you walk in, the two Dawn Marshals that are out there put their arms together and they lower their head and bow. And as you enter, they close the doors behind you guys. The doors slam behind you and you feel the stone shift from the impact of the thud. 25-, 30-foot-tall doors that mark the front of this. The echo of the stone slam down the long hall. You can see there are large pillars that mark the run to the central chamber. You've been here before, and as you walk across the smooth, very, very simple stonework ahead, you can see there is the central portion. It's almost like a giant cross, like both sides of the temple meet in the center. And there is a circular dip in the ground. Not really a pit, it's only about four feet down. But it's filled with a coarse sand, and as you guys walk up to that edge, each monk acknowledging you as you pass quietly, you can hear the gentle chanting in the distance of low, rumbling Gregorian voices, (chanting). And there, sitting in the center of this open circular sand patch, is the Earthbreaker himself. He is sitting there, legs crossed, arms resting at the edge of his knees, eyes closed. You can see, even from here for those who haven't seen him before, he wears simple free-flowing pants of a dark reddish color with a gold trim on the sides, but they're tattered towards the bottom. He has a one-shoulder wrap across the front there and these large prayer beads that hang around his neck. His skin is very dark and weathered by sun and training, and he is probably the most muscular human being you have seen for his proportional form, he is a human being built for discipline and physical martial training and battle. Older though, still you can see his long grey beard that rests about middle to his chest, the balding on the front a little bit, the rest of his grey hair rests to his mid-back, and he just sits there quietly in the center. The rest of the monks have gathered up and begun to form around the circle. Right now, about 15? Yeah. Super-quiet. Okay, so you leap down into the sandpit? Okay, so, you guys on the side. Grog, you leap off. You don't know how deep it is, but it's, it's not, it's hard sand, it's packed, so you just kind of-- Right, the depression's like an inch. Oh, you mean the depression into the actual ground? About four feet. So you vault into it in a bound. No. He's still facing a little bit away from you in the far corner. The silence is broken immediately by a low, rumbling voice that seems to have no particular source in the vicinity where you stand. It says, "You come because your lands now harbor a terrible "conflagration. How do you think Groon can assist?" Still facing away from you. As most of you noticed this time, his name is Groon. (laughter) Yeah. Turns around towards you and says, "You stray from the darkness that I warned you, but "this current distraction is too great. Even your blood is drawn to the flames of promise and power. "This shall be a test to see if you will break against the shadow." "I know many things, Grog Strongjaw." "But such knowledge is earned, not given." "Where do you find your strength?" As you're thinking, in a blinding instant you see a flash of movement and, like a dagger in your stomach, his elbow is (impact sound). (groaning) Puts his arm down. "Strongjaw. Where do you find your strength?" "You walk between worlds. Weakness in mind or weakness in conviction. What do you stand for? "Where do you find your strength?" At which point, as you're getting up, there's another blinding flash for a second and your feet are left out from under you. Go ahead and make an athletics check, because you're now prepared for this one. Your feet go out from under you as you slam onto your back, you just barely caught your breath before it's almost knocked out again. He's looking down at you this time, once again, his eyes just white. "Choose. Choose the two here who would save you." "Who would push you to your potential. Choose your bloody muses." He looks over to the rest of you on the side of the pit. "Choose." As you finish that sentence, two monks that you failed to notice were behind you shove both of you into the pit. Make acrobatics checks, both of you guys. Okay. (laughter) Groon takes two steps back and just closes his eyes and puts his arms at his sides. "Now. Show me your conviction." I need you three to roll initiative. The statues that're set at the edge of this, we're gonna put you, Grog, there-- And boom. I'll just move it this way a little bit, just so you guys can see, there we go. All right, so. Let me get Groon's sheet out here. Okay, so. 25 to 20? All right. 20 to 15? 16, Scanlan. All right, perfect. First up's first. You, Vax. Just standing with his arm up. Until what, what's your trigger? Okay. Well, your movement is in your turn, it's your action you have to hold. So. Are you gonna wait behind him? Can't, you've got-- dude. Yes, you do. Okay. He has no idea where you are. Go for it. 24 hits. Yeah, both hit. What's the range increment on this? Right, but what's the max range? Yeah, you're fine. You're the first to go, it is a crit. It is not a sneak attack. Where could you possibly be, Vax? Where could you have possibly hidden from his sight in the middle of this giant open sandy arena? It's okay. But it is double damage. Well no, it's surprise, not the first to attack. He is not surprised. No. It's not first, it's just surprised. You hit him twice, roll damage. The first one, he deflects with his hand and it cuts the arm and you can see the little slash of damage it dealt. The second one, he's gonna use his reaction to do deflect missiles. (laughs) Yeah. He reduces the damage entirely, spends one of his ki points, he catches the dagger and throws it right back at you. Not back at you, though. Because you're currently behind Grog. That's 18 to hit. Okay. So you take 12 points of piercing damage. As he chucks Vax's dagger back at you, it sinks into your shoulder suddenly before it vanishes and returns to your belt. All right. Now it is Groon's turn. Groon is going to rush up to the front of Grog-- actually no, to the side here so you're both in combat, technically, and is going to make a flurry of blows attack using another one of his ki points. So that's gonna be four attacks, all against you, Grog. So that's a 27, hits, I'm pretty sure. Cocked. 26. 16? And 28. Okay, you take-- 31 points of bludgeoning damage. And his kick just-- whack!-- right across the jaw. You haven't even raged yet, and the pain is intense, your vision goes white for a second. And go ahead and make a dex saving throw. As his fourth action, sweeps your feet out from under you and you are knocked prone on the ground. That's his turn. Grog, you're up now. No no no, you just use half your movement for that. Go for it. 25 hits. Misses. 21 points of damage. All righty. Yeah, he makes it. (laughs) Sorry. All right, so. You can move, yeah. Right there, you mean? Vax is there, then that would be your flanking potential there. Okay. Cool. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. All righty, and that is Eyebite. All right, so it's a-- you said wisdom save? All right. What's the DC? No, he fails it. So what are you doing? (laughs) Okay. Okay. Okay, what happens is, as soon as you move around, Grog, and you sing at him? He glances over at you for a second and his eyes roll back and he (impact sound) and just falls back in the sand, unconscious. At which point, all the monks currently are gasping in immediate reaction. (laughter) Actually, you know what? No, go ahead. I forgot to read something. Go ahead. My own fault. Take your d10. That ends Scanlan's turn. Vax, you're up. All right, go for it. As you go and attempt to strike him-- You had advantage on the attacks, by the way, because he's on the ground. Okay. Good. That hits. First two hit. Right. Which is doubled because he's unconscious. Melee attack within five feet. 59. Hoo. Ten. So as you-- whack!-- hit him in the head, he immediately comes back to consciousness. Okay. As you move aside, even on the ground, prone, he swings his leg out to try and catch you as you're running past. He has disadvantage on this anyway. That is still a 24 to hit. Well, he woke up after you slammed him, second attack hits, and in reaction as he sees you rush off, he kicks his leg up and manages to catch you. It doesn't manage to trip you, but it does deal-- So you deal half the damage on that. All right. So you take-- What would be 12 points of damage, you take six points of bludgeoning damage. It was quite uncanny. All right, that ends your turn? All right. It's now his turn. All right, so. So yeah, until the spell ends, you can use your action every turn to try and give him another effect if you wanted to, Scanlan. So he still has Eyebite, but he's conscious. You can if you want to, when it comes to your next turn, but it has to be on your turn to use your action to do it. He gets up using half his movement. Which is fine. He's going to, as he looks over and you can see him glance to the side of Grog and see where you are, as the giant crack in the side of his head and the blood that's trickling down the side of his face, he just rushes around, still in melee with you so he doesn't get an attack of opportunity, and he's gonna go unarmed attacks on you for three. Natural 20. That's a 17. With your haste, yeah, you get a bonus, so that's a miss. And that is a 25. All right. So the crit, 28 points of bludgeoning damage. And the last one is gonna be 14 points of bludgeoning damage. And he's going to use three ki points. As he comes around, elbows you to the side of the face, you just weren't expecting it and it cracks you and you feel like a tooth crack and the pain sears through your jaw and you're like, ugh! And then he brings his lower hand and (impact) hits you right in the center of the abdomen, and it hits you, and it hurts, but it's not as impactful as you thought it would be for the force, but you feel like this strange, like, quivering vibration in your midsection, like almost like the muscles are spasming uncontrollably and you don't quite understand why. That is going to end his turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, go for it. 28 hits. 23 hits. Misses. Nice. Third missed, all right. Succeeds on the first save with an 18-- and a 19, yeah. Saves both hits from Craven Edge. As you slam the blade into him twice, he's trying to parry them, and he's catching the blade off to the side, but the strength is too strong and you end up jamming it into his forearm. As you pull away, the blood streaks out. Each hit, he's still focused on you, and he's not showing any pain, he's not grimacing. You're just seeing the wounds being had and he's just still intent on moving and his expression focused on you. Yeah. And at that moment he looks at you and says, "You carry such a dark weapon with you." That's all he says. Is that the end of your turn? All right. Scanlan. Correct, yes. Actually, let's see, he has to save at the end of his turn. Which, he rolled a one, so no. All righty. Yeah. As you keep focusing, you can see his form shifts a little bit, and you swear you hear the cramping of someone's abdominals in the distance, like an unhappy digestive tract. Take your d10 inspiration. All right, that brings us to the top. Is that the end of your turn, are you gonna move or anything else-- All right. You're up. Correct. Like that? Yeah, you double the sneak-attack damage. It's a critical hit, all the dice you roll for a critical hit you double. And then you add the ability modifier at the end. So yes. Rogues, baby. Not quadrupled. Doubled. It's doubled, not quadrupled. It's not a surprise attack. No. Which is meaning you get sneak attack. So you're doing sneak-attack damage on him, you critically hit, so you just double your sneak attack damage. Yeah. You said quadruple, it's not quadruple, it's just times two. Oh, total of 68? Gotcha. He is going to use a ki point to deflect missiles. Okay. All right. It's not an attack roll on this yet, just so you're aware. This is him just reducing the damage he takes from it. So that is a total of, he reduces the damage by 13, he still takes the impact, but he manages to slow the blade with his hands before it finds itself in his chest and he rips it out, you can see the spray of blood that hits in the sand across the front before the dagger disappears from his grip. All right. Nope. This one-- For nothing. Wait, so you did a total of 60-something damage on him from the one attack? Yeah, got you, yes, the second one does-- Yeah. So the second one attack hits. Go ahead and roll for it. Or roll for damage. Nine, okay. Cool. Cool. That's good. Well, as it comes back to Groon's turn, Groon, you can see the blood is just pouring out of the wound that you left, he takes one hand and just (impact sound) slams it really hard, and it just kind of, the impact sears the wound. Cauterizing it. Still looking at you. He puts his hand out and does this, and that quivering in your stomach you felt earlier begins to shake and the vibrations begin to spread through your entire body. I need you to make a constitution saving throw? Yeah. Yeah. 23. That is a success. You manage to just stave it off as you can feel it about to tear your insides apart, and you just tense real fast and the vibrations slowly fade. No effect. Would've been 10d10 necrotic damage. It's called Quivering Palm, it's a monk ability. He's going to use another ki point, a bonus action, as he goes into a defensive stance, a familiar one that you've seen before. Yeah. But into this fully defensive, looking about and keeping his eyes aware of the entirety of his surroundings. And is going to stay right there. That brings us to Grog. Yeah. Are you doing reckless attacks or not? Okay. His patient defense gives you disadvantage on all attacks-- He just nullifies it, so you just have one roll per attack. Misses. Just knocks the blade out with his own hand, you hear it (impact) off to the side. This time he actually catches with the two sides of his hand and throws it back towards you. 27. He goes to try and catch it, but you change the direction of the blade at the last minute and find the side of his flesh, go ahead and roll damage. He does make his save on that. 29 damage. He's got a decent constitution. All right, so the third blade finally sinks in about two inches into his clavicle area and probably would snap the clavicle bone if he hadn't put his hands up and caught as much of the impact as he could, and then throws it back again and just kicks you away to get a little bit of distance. It's just like a foot, just away from being clenched up. Right there? Yeah, you can do that. Go for it. All right, that ends your turn? Scanlan, you're up. Well, let me see actually if he resists the-- Nope. Actually, actually no, remembering this, because I kept forgetting to do it before, but that's fine, he's gonna use his legendary resistance to automatically succeed, so he no longer has Eyebite. So sickness fades. He spent last round not doing any actual physical attacks for that reason. There you go. Not between them, no, but you can put it like next to him or behind him. Make a melee spell attack. Got it, melee spell attack. You add your spell attack modifier, which should be on your spell page. 27, that's a hit. As the hand appears to his right, he's still focusing on Grog and glances over for a second and tries to do a deflection, technically he's still in his defense stance, though. So roll twice, because he does have disadvantage for attacks on him. Yeah. Yep. 4d8 force damage. 17 damage. Yep. So as Bigby's Hand pulls back with a giant fist, the fingers cracking in an arcane echo, whack! Slams into his side, he holds himself strong and actually slides about seven inches in the sand from the impact. And you can see him shake off his arm from the hit. Yeah, that hurt. All right, take your d10. (laughter) Go for it. 23. You're rolling disadvantage on all these, right? For all these attacks, because he's still in his patient defense stance. So what was this roll you just got-- Yeah, first one missed. The second one was a 23 and what did you roll? Roll again, it's fine. Misses. 21 misses. (groaning) At the end of your turn before it's his turn he's gonna go ahead and use one action point to use Like the Wind, where he moves his speed without taking attacks of opportunity. He turns and rushes up to Scanlan. Starting his turn, now, he's gonna come for you, Scanlan, he's gonna go ahead and do a flurry of blows against you. So. Scanlan. First attack is 29. Natural one, fails on the second one. Okay, well the third one is a 20. And the fourth one is a 31. So three hits. Whichever one you want. So the first one hits, Cutting Words to reduce the attack on the-- Yeah. So go ahead and roll your d10. Six. What's your AC? Yeah, no, so you manage to, what do you shout at him as he's doing these punches against you? He cocks his head like a confused puppy for a second and the fist just hits air above your head. However, you do take 14 points of bludgeoning damage from the first strike, and another 14 points of bludgeoning damage, so a total of 28 points of bludgeoning damage from two hits. Go ahead and make a dex saving throw, if you could. 20's what you need. His last hit, he's trying to kick you square in the chest and knock you off your feet, and while it hits you, it actually forces you back into Vax, and Vax holds you up and you manage to keep on your feet. Or no, it's Grog's turn, it's Grog's turn, because you just took yours, yeah. So you're gonna move up to him? Oh, and as a note, I need you to make a concentration check for both of those hits, they were 14 damage each, so, and you have Warcaster, right? So go ahead and make constitution checks. Constitution. Let me look at this. Okay, yeah, that's gonna end concentration, Bigby's Hand off the table. Too much damage for you on that one. So from the impact of the blows you just managed, the spell fizzles from your mind and the hand dissipates into the distance. All right, now, Grog. No. 24 hits. You've gotta say Great Weapon Master before you roll, by the way. Yeah. Because it can't be like, oh, that doesn't hit, I'm not gonna do Great Weapon Master yet, you have to get the penalty before you roll. You said it was a 24, for that one it would've been a twenty--- it hit regardless. So yeah. So the first one was just a regular hit. 20 misses. Yeah. So. 23 just hits. (cheering) 19 damage, all right. 27, got it. Both of the strikes, makes his save, makes his save. It's a 12 DC, it's not a very hard DC for-- He probably will eventually. So anyway. As you're striking the blades at him, the pain, he's just taking the pain to his back, now, because he's facing Scanlan, and both times hack into the back of his shoulderblades and the exposed muscle you can see as the blade draws back you can see the muscle and the blood arcing after each draw of the weapon. However, he glances over his shoulder at you as you finish your second blow and at the end of your turn he's gonna use two action points to use Whirlwind of Blows-- You already moved, yeah. I mean, you can keep moving if you wanted to move away. You can't move between, but you can get there if you want. Okay. So he's gonna get an attack on everyone within range of his punches, which would be you and Scanlan. That is gonna be a 26 against you. And a natural 20 against Scanlan. First to you, Grog, that is 18 points of bludgeoning damage. Halved to nine. And Scanlan, that is six, no, sorry-- 24 points of bludgeoning damage. All right. Now it's Scanlan's turn. So last turn you missed all three on him, remember? Yep. You can, yeah. So as you're there in front, you just reach back-- All right. What's the DC? I imagine this was out of your-- 19 with the hand cone, so you were like, hup, yaaaa! 19. He's going to use another of his legendary resistances to make the save. And he has evasion, which means dex save for half, he gets no damage on his success, so as you do Lightning Bolt, he literally just goes into the splits as the bolt streaks over his head. Slams one of the nearby pillars, and as you realize that, you look down at him as he squeezes his legs back together and lands right back on his feet. Is that your turn? Okay, go for it. Sure, go for it. All right, that ends your turn, Vax, you're up. Good to know going forward. That's gonna be your action. So you won't have any attacks this round. In order to get the additional, well, actually no, you would get one attack from the haste. You would. Your offhand attack you don't get unless you're doing an attack action, so you get one attack. 19? Misses, yeah. Okay. So move there. At the end of your turn, he's gonna use his last action point to do an unarmed attack against Grog. That's gonna be a 21? It hits? Okay. You take ten points of bludgeoning damage. Half. He's gonna use another ki point to, I need you to make a constitution save. 17. As he turns back and slams his fist right in the center of your clavicle, you feel a crack in the sternum and your whole body, all your muscles just seize up and you are currently stunned from a stunning strike until the end of his next turn. However, it's now his next turn. But you're still stunned. He is now going to, since you don't have a threat to him, he's going to swing around, jump between the two of them, and he's gonna do a flurry of blows, two punches against each of you. Against Scanlan, that's a 17? That hits, okay. Second one is a 17 again. Do you have any more uses of your bardic inspiration? You have a limited number of bardic inspirations per short rest that you can use, and you've used quite a few this battle. Yeah, you use one of those dice to reduce the damage. You've inspired at least-- Grog twice now. So this would be your last one. All right, go for it. It doesn't matter what you roll, you're still. Okay, so one of the attacks, as he's coming for you, he hits you once, and as he rears back for another kick to the side of your head, you shout-- Just enough pause for you to duck out of the way. However, he uses that inertia to spin back on Vax for a 27. And a 21. Okay. So Scanlan, you take nine points of bludgeoning damage. Vex, you take, ah-- Sorry, Vax. Every now and then. 14 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to half. And the other one is nine points. Yep. So a total of 16 points of damage. He's going to use a ki point again, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 14. Towards the end of his turn, Grog's stun shifts off of him, you feel your muscles tense up and you almost fall to your knees as your whole body seizes, the muscles just lock in place. All righty. Grog, it's your turn. Okay. So you drop the weapon for free, you pull out the fire hammer and it bursts into flame in your hands as you wield it. As you drop Craven Edge, you hear this voice scream in the back of your head, "You fool! This fight is ours!" As the hammer lights up, you just feel this cold dread run down your spine. I need you to make a will saving throw. A wisdom saving throw. Ten? You can't possibly let that blade go away, and you drop the hammer and pick up Craven Edge once more. This is the true weapon of a warrior. And you are not gonna relinquish it. There is no way you could let go of this blade. Okay. The process of picking it up, we'll say would take away your bonus action. So you get two attacks. Second one hits. 19, all righty. This time as the hammer falls to the ground the flames go out and Craven Edge streaks again, no, makes his saving throw. As it hits him, he stops for a second, puts his hands together. I need you to make another wisdom saving throw. (dramatic music cue) Your vision goes dark as all the sight around you goes to black and the entire vicinity of this fades except for the Earthbreaker before you, just staring at you in this darkness. Then he steps towards you, one step, second step, and while his mouth doesn't move, you can hear his voice piercing into your head that just says, "Grog. You are stronger than this thing that binds "you. Where do you find your strength?" The darkness around you immediately shatters and you can see now your friends off to the side, keeping their weapons ready. The entirety of Groon's posture has dropped, and he just bows before you. (cheering) At this point, he takes a moment and closes his eyes, and you can see there's this inner glow in his chest, and a bunch of his wounds heal up in but an instant. And as those wounds leave these scars, he looks across the body. "I will wear these with pride." At this point, he, Groon's not even looking at you guys, still looking at Grog, he goes, "You "need not the strength of Vasselheim to aid you, nor is that strength any we have to give. What you "need can be found, recovered, reborn. I can see in your face the path is already lying before you. I "know of two. The rest you must find yourself. "A gift from Kord himself to this mortal plane, carved from the corpse of the earth primordial "titan that fell on this continent in the first war. These Titanstone Knuckles were a symbol of "power and leadership for generations here in Vasselheim until the last known keeper was slain "200 years ago, the gauntlets taken. I know not of their whereabouts. "The other, leathers adorned by the champion of the Raven Queen. This champion's tomb has since "come to ruin, sunken beneath a lake to the west of here known as the Marrowglade Loch. Within that "tomb lies the Deathwalker's Ward. Now go. You've found your strength. You know your path. I can "help you no further." He turns around, walks back to the center of the sand, and just sits back down in the same pose and position he was in when you entered. Okay. All right. No. There's a difference between the healing and flushing one's system. Make a dexterity save, Keyleth. (laughter) Yeah. As you see his cheeks fill with bile and liquid of your previous venture at the bar, you instinctually, as the mighty speed and reaction of an air-based Ashari druid, dodge out of the way as he spatters the stonework on the outside of this-- Two of the monks immediately rush forward with towels out of seemingly nowhere and start quickly cleaning it up while staring at you very, very angrily. Hey, this is a place where I think either would work. All right. As you guys make your way outside of the Trial Forge, we'll go ahead and leave today's venture for now-- (yelling) For a couple episodes, yeah. Yeah guys, well done everyone. Yeah, come see us in Portland, we'll be there tomorrow, getting there tomorrow but we'll be there for Saturday and Sunday, come see us, come, y'know, bring your stories, we'd love to meet you. This means we'll just have to put more up.