Hello, everyone and good evening. Welcome to Critical Role, a show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. This will be our final episode for the year before we take our holiday break, and for those of you who aren't currently in the theater to see Star Wars or are not planning to leave in the next five minutes to go see Star Wars, which we do not begrudge you that whatsoever; many of us will be rushing off after this to do the same. For those of you staying with us, thank you for kicking it and may the Force be with you when this is over. So before we get started, let's go ahead and get a few announcements out of the way. One, for those of you who have been waiting extensively, because I know you have been. Tomorrow, on the website you will have the Snugglelord playlist will be premiering on GeekandSundry.com. It's totally serious. Super serial, guys. Like, so serial. (laughs) The next announcement, we had our Critmas article go up earlier this week, our Critter's Guide to Critmas, where we each talk about the different charities that we represent and if you want to try and give something to the show and the goodwill we put out for that, it's a really great way to see what each of us would like to see presented or supported by the community. So if you haven't had a chance, go check it out and feel some holiday spirit to give, go ahead and pick any that are there or any of your own charities and do what you can to help. So, appreciate that guys. Also, the most recent comic went live for our Winter's Crest festival. The two fluffers. (laughs) Yeah, so go check it out, it's a lot of fun and plays into our Winter's Crest festival this evening, though that one took place a year ago in game technically. Two years, I guess, in game-- no, it was a year because the original-- and all the events that transpired after that, there was the make-up Winter's Crest festival. You don't know what we're talking about, but you may soon. Which, speaking of which, we have a little gift for you guys at the break today. We're going to have an extended mid-way break because we have a gift that we've all put together for you that I think you'll enjoy. So, look forward to that. Or be like me, just put in a catheter beforehand, works out really well. Don't do that, don't do that. Please don't do that. (laughs) Thanks for the support, guys. And Wyrmwood Gaming. Liam, if you want to go grab that real fast? We'll have a Sam here with us shortly. Very shortly. I guess while we're waiting for him-- (laughs) Travis is going to be really disappointed. (laughter) This is the rest of our show tonight. Just three hours of this. It's going to be great. So, if you want to show the cookies that-- On the mat, here? This is now officially the cookie cam. How do-- How do Pike do this? How do Grog do this? Travis. Can you let Sam in for me? All righty. Any other announcements you wish to make, or shall we go onward? How very Vex of you (laughs). And on that note. (laughter) It's all good. Sam will show up; it's fine. That's adorable. All right. Let's do this. Bring it in. So, to get you guys up to speed quickly, for those of you who are coming in fresh. Oh, what an episode to jump into. So, the intrepid group of adventurers known as Vox Machina had made their way to the city of Whitestone, a town that Percival here grew up in and had taken from him and his family five years ago, most of his family, the de Rolos, being murdered in the process. The Briarwoods, who had taken the town rather quickly and covertly held it for five years had now been building toward some sort of a ritual, some sort of event that the party was investigating. They incited a rebellion within the city of Whitestone, gathering the remaining members to take up arms and fight against this undead scourge that had kept them locked down for so long, oppressed for so long. After managing to take out some of the various operatives under the Briarwoods' regime, they made their way into Castle Whitestone itself, saved Percy's sister, Cassandra, thought dead for a long time, got vengeance upon a number of individuals that were on his List, except for Ripley, who got away. Fought their way down underneath the city of Whitestone, fell into an acid-based trap, made their way to the ziggurat, this construct beneath the city of Whitestone, where some ritual was attempting to be completed by Lady Delilah Briarwood. It was discovered that the patron they spoke of, the Whispered One, had been in previous bits of history spoken as Vecna, a powerful lich of ancient history that had attempted to ascend to godhood at some point in the past. They managed to tackle the Briarwoods, destroy Sylas, defeat Delilah, and dragging them back, decided to interrogate. In the process of trying to extract information, Percy's dark harbinger, his dark passenger, if you will... who was a tongue-waggling dog for a moment. I see. Pressured to incite the vengeance that apparently the pact he made with this entity required. Upon fighting its will, it was jettisoned from his form and the party battled this deranged greater smoke demon-like entity in the center of this cavern. During this fight, Lady Briarwood tried to escape, however, found a dagger in the middle of her back, thanks to Vax over there. Stripped of her possessions, and then Cassandra dragging her into the nearby acid baths, tossing her body within to leave her story to a definite conclusion. Scanlan, being very astute, apparently, in some observations, and as convincing as he can be, managed to wrestle Percy's weapon, his List, his Pepperbox, from his grip, and tossed it into the very acid pits, destroying his greatest creation and in doing so, seemingly breaking whatever hold this shadow demon had on Percy's soul. Upon returning to the city of Whitestone, they found the rebellion was successful. The undead hordes had fallen to the blades of the surviving rallying warriors of Whitestone. Keeper Yennen, who currently was the, essentially, leader of the rebellion while you guys were going into the castle, met with you. You guys were brought to the center of town, where you began to see the rest of Whitestone emerge the families, the children, the people that had been too scared to go outside finally came out to celebrate victory, the first real breath of free air they've had in five years since the Briarwoods took the city. Some justice was doled to a few survivors of the Briarwoods' regime. And you were asked to stay behind to help rebuild and prepare for the coming Winter's Crest festival, of which you agreed. A few awkward moments and a few delightful bits of interpersonal comedy brought you guys to this point and now we begin tonight's session of Critical Role. So, to start off, leading up to this Winter's Crest festival, about a two-week period, what would you guys like to individually do in this time to prepare for the festival? Yeah, essentially. The two-week period, we're doing a bit of a time jump here, so if there's anything in particular you want to do or attempt in this time period, now's the time to do so before we get to the actual event. Yeah, in a brilliant holiday montage, as the cold weather finds its way into the valley of Whitestone, Grog goes around aiding many of the groups repairing and reassembling the glory of Whitestone, finding the structures that are broken or destroyed and trying to clean them, prepare for new building properties. You come by, eagerly lifting, carrying, dropping, slamming, and holding in place extremely heavy pieces of stone and masonry. In some cases, putting a few of the local strong men to shame and some of the local ladies, very blush-worthy in your presence. You are very happy. Go ahead and make three strength checks for me. Okay, second one? All right. Through the process of these two weeks, not only have you managed to surprise the local denizens of the city with your feats of strength and masculine physique-- as when Grog is building, Grog does so shirtless. In doing so, some of the local denizens pull some cash to the side to thank you for your efforts. You find at the end of the week you are granted a small pouch which contains 315 gold pieces as a thanks from the locals for all the help both in the rebellion, the freeing of Whitestone, and for your feats of magnificent musculature. The crowd look among themselves and one of the lead architects for this whole endeavor nods to you. "Sounds like a fair trade. If you're certain, sir." Gold piece is in your hand faster than you have a chance to-- you chip a tooth. Two casks of their precious ale roll up to the base of your foot. Two. (laughs) Fantastic. All right, Vex. And the robe? Okay. You kind of did, actually. A few things here, actually. All right. So, as you take some time, first off, I want you to go ahead and roll an investigation check. What was that sound? 24, okay. So as you begin pulling out the items and begin separating, before you can even begin the initial inspection, as you are pulling the robe out, you find there is a slight poke. There's something thin-- Not that kind of poke. You unravel that part of the robe and find there's a long deep pocket on the inside of the robe. And inside, there's a long gnarled piece of deep maroon wood that is carved into a wand shape. I'm trying to find the actual item card here. Found it! There we go. You recall, actually, as you went over the top at the initial battle with Lady Briarwood, that was what she pulled out and managed to blast all of you with at once when you all were on the top of the temple. I'll get those right now. There you go. Bracers of Defense will technically only really benefit anybody who's not wearing armor. Correct. Like monks. If you currently have-- is it an amulet that helps your armor? We'll go through your AC and find out if it overlaps with any other benefits. Right, so basically that would replace that and you would now have an amulet slot open for any sort of future enchantment stuff. You could give the amulet to somebody else if you want to. No. You can certainly try. It would probably ruin the enchantment. You can wear it however you want and you will discover one way or another if it actually gives an effect. Two. One on each hand. What could possibly go wrong? That's my favorite mindset. All right. Wondrous. Vax? Over bits of a period of discussion, for the most part, any sort of non-official courier service has been negated in the town. However, there is now a glut of people that are, after the devastation, especially the ensuing rebellion, folks that need work and need coin and there are many individuals that would be more than willing to, for a handful of gold coins, make the journey to Emon delivering any messages you like. Okay. Do you also have the cloak? Did you take the cloak? Fine pickings off the corpses of the two major villains of the previous arc. Exactly. Cloak hoarding over here. All right, Scanlan. Okay, good. There may be a grand opportunity at the Winter's Crest festival to perform this. Okay. After asking around for a few days, you manage to discover there is a budding local artist who doesn't really believe in his artwork. He currently works in the stables on the far southwest side of town. But people have seen some of his work and tried to bolster him, so you're sent in his direction and as you get there, you can see him. He's currently in the process of actually cutting through one of his recent works he wasn't happy with and he's violently tearing through it. As you step into the stable, he stops and puts it off to the side. "Sorry, sir, can I help you?" "Oh! The pleasure is mine." He is now averting his gaze and almost bowing his head like you're royalty. He's very flustered and flushed by the sudden appearance. "My talents are far unrefined and nowhere near powerful or "decent enough for your attentions." Make a persuasion check. Only because he's so down on his own skills. As you're telling this tale, he goes from bashful and meek to staring off in the distance, the artistic inspiration rolling through his head. Unchanged. He begins finishing your sentences as you're describing scenery and extrapolating on it. You can see the artistic mind is definitely spinning. He looks to you and goes, "It would be my honor. Please." He reaches forward and takes your gnomish hand and you know, you're about two and a half feet shorter than him, but he's still very humble, kneels down and says, "I would be honored to do this portrait. No charge." "Whatever you deem fit, Sir Gnome, but I--" "Jameson." In making that mention, his openness suddenly closes off and he withdraws. You see this fear in his eyes and he shakes his head. "That would be untrue and I am but a simple stablehand. "I can do this for you, but please, if you could keep this between us." "Certainly. How large would you like it?" Depends on which area. Your dining area's probably about 12 to 15 feet high. Wide? I'd say, off the top of my head, somewhere between 40 and 50 feet. His eyes go wide and he nods and says, "This is a challenge. But I believe I do know someone "whom I can order such a grand canvas from. This can be done. This can be done." And you see he smiles and takes your hand once again. "This can be done." "Jameson, yes." "Eclipsed by the deeds you have done, Sir Gnome." He rushes off to prepare himself. Okay, go ahead and make an arcana check. Yeah. What little you know of teleportation-based magics, which is not your forte in your bardic experiences, but what you've heard and what you've seen, while you've traveled with Tiberius, and you've come across other individuals that used the arcane spells that caused transport, teleportation circles themselves are a very specific ritual. It's a spell that comes from within the arcane caster's capabilities. If you yourself do not have that, you're not going to be able to utilize it at a drop of a hat. After asking around, you find there once was a teleportation destination circle in Castle Whitestone that was part of the network of Tal'Dorei, in Emon, but has since been destroyed and sundered and has been for quite some time. You imagine probably when the Briarwoods came, it was deemed a dangerous little loose thread. So, over the period of the next week or so, best you can ascertain is that type of transportation here is going to be probably not likely, at least not with the resources you have at your disposal. You may have to travel elsewhere. It's a spell you could learn, but that would be something you would have to swap out as you level up or choose as your spell progression down the road. But you do, as part of your group's discussions throughout the week, discover that Keyleth does have long-transport capabilities. You want to explain what you can do? It opens for six seconds, a portal-- A large or larger tree as far as this size. There's actually two large trees, I believe, in the Sarenrae temple. What else do you want to do? (laughs) The first taste is free. You still have the flying potion-- Right, the card I gave you for it. Because that would contain the cost of that particular one. Which you can have made or possibly look about to have purchased. This town is pretty thin as far as-- Yeah. Most of anything of worth, of an arcane nature was confiscated and utilized or essentially melted down for its residuum components as part of the creation of the ziggurat, in preparation for their ritual. So, other than the items you were given when you first arrived here, you're hard-pressed to find anything in this town of that type. But asking around, there are enchantments that can gift flight, but they're pretty rare. Gilmore would be the person to talk to about that. You good, Scanlan? All right. Keyleth? Okay. Going around, there were a number of casualties in the town as part of the rebellion. It unfortunately happens in warfare, regardless of how noble a cause it may be. There are a few families that were left fatherless or motherless, as there was quite a share of the sexes raising up for this battle. So the children that-- no one that you know of lost both parents, for the most part. There was the intent that if there were a parental unit, that at least one had to stay in case of such an occurrence to raise the children. But you go out and meet with some of the families and make sure they're taken care of. Some of the homes that were destroyed as part of the rebellion, you and Grog both worked together to help make sure the process of rebuilding goes well. You do also help the farmers begin to right their crops and revitalize the land, which had been drained by the necromantic essence of the Briarwoods' presence, and whatever the ziggurat was pulling from the land itself beneath seems to have released its hold on the immediate vicinity. So, through your aid specifically, being a druid of your nature, you prepare this for probably one of the finest harvests that Whitestone has had in quite a long time. Even though it is deep winter, they're already seeing early spring growth through your aid. I know, it's crazy. Vegetation and vegetables that are withstanding and still able to grow through the frost in the mornings, as the cold weather is coming from the winter, so you're raising quite a strong crop. Well done. (laughs) There you go. Percival? On that note, before you continue, there is no current institution in place. Anyone of any political power outside of Archibald, you, and Cassandra, has been slaughtered long past. So in these discussions, you talk with Keeper Yennen, you talk to Cassandra, and there is an air of understanding that right now, there is this period of peace, this period of calm, but there has to eventually be an establishment put into place some sort of political head to oversee the rebuilding of the city and the continued growth and survival of this town proper. Cassandra confides in you multiple times that she is nervous, that she, especially given recent circumstances, her recovery of her Stockholm syndrome with the Briarwoods, is not confident that she would be able to lead on her own. There is a moment where she apologizes extensively to Archibald. Archibald, who did survive, and was her direct contact in the castle, takes a few days before he will even face Cassandra when he is told that she essentially had been leading him astray and spearheading the death of the previous rebellion. You also discover the reason the various new nobles that were prepared for your ambushes were because Cassandra had gotten information about that from Archibald and then fed it to the Briarwoods. But you do sense a very, very deep-seated regret and an urge to make amends for that from her. And because of that circumstance, she doesn't feel like the people of Whitestone, who would have this information, which you haven't told anyone. There is no large-scale announcement. The only people that know about Cassandra's current situation with the Briarwoods are you guys, Keeper Yennen, and Archibald. He is. So that is an ongoing discussion. As far as establishing the structure, there's been many talks, but nothing has been fine-tuned, and that may play itself out as part of the festival. Okay. The brooch that he left behind. Travis has got you. He hasn't heard of that character. You gather that this item in particular was used by Sylas to travel through magically protected areas without giving up his undead essence or being read for his true intentions. It's in the neck slot. You see the brooch slowly press deep in his neck slot (laughs). God. Ugh. Don't turn that into any fan fiction, please. I know. Percy, what else? The sword. Well, first, as you take the sword in your hands, the large, thick obsidian, onyx black blade. You take a while to, not necessarily attune to it, but put enough of your attention towards it where you sense its magical capabilities. As it begins to clarify, where one voice before was not there, a new voice speaks and says-- "You, are you my new wielder?" "Then leave me until one worthy lifts this blade." Okay. As you step away from the blade, you can feel the air nearby is generally colder in its presence, and where previously it was just a weapon, you can almost feel like there's something looking at you. There's a presence just bent towards you, expectantly. The blade sits there on the ground where you leave it, whatever you wish to do with it. Okay. What are you going to do with it in the meantime? So, for each evening as you lay down to sleep, you can feel a voice creep back in to say-- The voice is inquisitive. "I'm useless left here. I seek the thrill of battle. I'm hungry." Other evenings, it comes to you, almost pleading. "Why have you forsaken me? You took me as a trophy. "What purpose has a blade that goes unused? I will remember this." Then it falls silent after a few days. It's a greatsword. It's two-handed, big old Final Fantasy 7 sword. So, as you think on it, the weeks pass-- Oh, what did you guys want to do? Right. The gun itself is essentially a baseline pistol. If you look in your archetype for your fighter class of gunslinger, the pistol mechanics all apply to that weapon. Beyond that, nothing in particular. It's just her first successful attempt in recreating a firearm. Okay. You picked up the sword, man. Just as a note, too, a greatsword is a strength-based melee weapon. Dex does not play into it. Based on whatever your strength is. What's your strength, Percy? You would probably not do very well with that. This is also viable, if you wanted to try. So, Grog. As you take up the blade in your hands, you hear coming out of the ether, a gentle, low velvet voice caresses the inside of your head saying, "You, are you to be my wielder?" "Speak your name, warrior." "Warrior Grog, have you taken up the blade of Craven Edge?" You hear a long, drawn-out sigh. "Do you accept my power?" "Do you enjoy drinking the strength of your foes, watching them beaten before you, and have "that very power become your own?" "Do you wish the shadows to encase your form and grant you resilience and anger, forcing those "to kneel before you in fear." "Do you accept, Grog?" "Then it is done. Together, we will accomplish great things." "You call me Bacon and this blade will cut the very hand you hold. My name is Craven Edge. It "will do you well to remember that." Silence. You have a clue as to what it can do based on when it was used against you by Sylas. So, anything else you want to accomplish before we close out on the rest of the week? Yes. So, throughout the week, Keeper Yennen, a few of the low-level arcanists that exist here-- You sent for him, but you know information right now travels at the speed of whatever it is you-- Yeah. The speed of that as it continues forward. You get word back. Nothing from Allura Vysoren yet. Eskil does respond, saying he is currently finishing up some personal business, but will make his way towards Whitestone within a couple weeks, with some of his compatriots who may also be of aid. Information has been gotten across, but it won't be until probably after this festival for them to begin their investigation. However, in the meantime, Keeper Yennen and a few of the smaller local arcanists do make a couple trips down to inspect the ziggurat themselves. When they return, Yennen is at a loss. Most of them don't quite understand the nature of the magic there. It seems to be immobile. It seems to be completely either negating, consuming, or preventing any sort of magical force within a specific radius of it. A lot of their normal arcane methods of inspecting or divine methods of inspecting this site are not functional. This is more like bring old tomes and research historical records of things that may be similar to this. So when you bring up that you had reached out to Eskil Ryndarien with the information you had, you gather that will probably be a much more fruitful endeavor. As of right now, no one has any clue what this is. Yeah. Some of the information you acquired from Scanlan's memory and a little bit of research into Vecna. Very little information really exists, but as the keeper of secrets, you get the sense that most anything of importance in dealing with this ritual has been destroyed as part of its preparation because secrets are meant to be kept and hoarded. So not much luck in that regard, unfortunately. However, as the second week draws to a close, the Winter's Crest day comes forward. As the morning crests into the proper Winter's Crest festival, you all awaken in Castle Whitestone to an unusually cold morning. As you look out, there is a fresh dusting of white snow that has gently caressed the entirety of this valley and the entire city itself. You all get yourselves ready, gather your belongings and preparing for the festival you've been helping get ready this entire week, you walk down towards Whitestone itself. As you get to the outskirts of the city, you can already hear in the distance music beginning to play. Blue and white ribbons are hung up all throughout the town, on the outside of buildings, outside of taverns, outside of even the remaining wreckage that is only partially built. It seems that overnight, people just went through the town and decorated whatever needed to be decorated to wipe clean the memory of the recent trials and difficulty that everyone's undergone. You begin to make your way towards the center of the town, to the town square where the Sun Tree is, and as you approach, you now see the source of the music, as a number of individuals in the town have brought out their instruments. They're playing, some more discordant than others, but overall, a sense of joy as people for the first time in a long time are truly embracing this positive atmosphere. You see children laughing and running through the streets. You can smell fresh-cooked pies and various bakery items just filling the air around you. Looking over, as you approach the Sun Tree, you can see where once bodies hung from its boughs, there now are strings of blue and white ribbons that are intertwined with each other, braided and set across from branch to branch. You can see fine little glass structures that have been hand blown and left to drape from them to be part of the festivities. As you begin to make your way up there, immediately people begin to notice your presence, and you can see people in the streets begin to gather up and begin cheering. You hear voices mutter out, "Vox Machina!" People start reaching out and shaking your hands. "Thank you so much, "thank you." You're taken aback by the attention. It's reminding you a little bit of the awkwardness you had with the last Winter's Crest in Emon. You make your way towards the Sun Tree and there you see Keeper Yennen is in the process of speaking with a few of the people that helped him with this entire rebellion, in setting up this event, and he greets you all as you approach. "Oh, my friends! How wondrous. Glad to see you are all "wakened and ready and well rested, I assume." "Glorious. Well, this is a day of celebration. We've taken the time and mourning "shall continue as needed, but today, today is to embrace what it means to be alive, to thwart the "darkness and the evils that press upon the free folk of these lands. And of course, to eat and "drink until you are full and drunk." (laughter) "It will be a little bit before we get to the actual celebration speech, but in the meantime, go "free yourselves, drink, be merry. There are a few events going on around you." And he points in a few directions, and you can see around you there are tables set up, there are individuals playing games. Immediately to the left, you can see there are two long tables set up and a stack of pies off to one side, looks like an eating contest. You do see what looks to be a gentleman with a high box, with a very, very fine waxed mustache that is currently doing parlor tricks and magical presentations for people who are trading coin to be astounded with his illusions. You can see what looks to be a series of tables behind the Sun Tree heading towards the southeast side of it. You recognize better than anyone these are central tables, relatively small, with a chair on each side. The sigh is getting more and more impatient. So these are the three first events you come across in your immediate vicinity. What would any of you guys like to partake in? As you guys rush forward, you come to the box. It's a relatively high box. It looks like it hasn't seen some use in a while. The gentleman sitting there, with longish hair, parted in the center, and combs outward. He's got a waxed mustache. He's wearing dusty presentational robes and he has on the top of it a series of small boxes and what looks like various tricks he has at the ready. There are three children off to the side with either their keeper or parents behind. "Now watch, if you will, as this simple ball transports itself between the cups and yet "find your eyes unable to follow." And he switches the cups around for a moment. (whoosh) (laughter) "I am what you refer to as an illusionist. And I can play tricks on your mind, your mind, "your mind..." "Playful! Playful illusions, not against..." "Keep her in check, please. You're scaring the children." "I'm also a diviner. I can look into your eyes and see your very future." "For a simple gold piece, you can test your skills against the transference of this ethereal "ball. Or for five, I can look into your fate." "Ha ha. All right." Takes the gold piece. "It's fine. It's all right." "Can you please get her off of me?" "Anyway." "So, sir." Takes one gold piece off, sets it aside. "Now, the ethereal ball. This was "taken from the Far Realms themselves, crafted in the ivy-covered hills in the far North End, the "Feywild itself. How could you follow this, with but your simple vision?" He places one cup over it, two cups to the side and begins shifting and shifting. Go ahead and make a perception check. You see now, there's a couple moments where the ball shifts between cups and you get a really close idea of exactly how this works. And when he finishes, he looks to you. "Now, where is the fey ball?" "That one?" (laughter) He takes the gold coin. "Do you wish to choose for this one instead, then?" Takes the gold piece. "And with that-- "You found it, yay." (laughter) As he gives you the five gold, he immediately takes it back. "But you wanted to know your fate." "Step forward, young-- what's your name?" "Percy. Please, present your face." As he reaches out, he begins to feel the bumps on your head. He begins to touch the outside of your face. He closes his eyes. "Yes, yes, I can see into the "very nature of your existence. You, young-- Percy?" "Percy, Percy. Young Percy. You, you have hardworking hands, you've seen a lifetime of hard, "hard work in the fields. But you wish to make your father proud, as does every son and you "will-- as one day you will become... a well celebrated smith of horseshoes! "Yes! Glory to Percy!" He leans in and says, "I could tell from the black powder on your hands that you've worked with "a few pieces of iron in your time." (chuckles) "Thank you so much. So, who's next?" The children start rushing up and-- you guys wish to continue with this guy? Okay, who's doing what now? (laughs) All right. Okay, okay. So, as you guys step up, you can see there's a woman dressed in a rather simple barmaid outfit, leather apron on her side and she's pretty thick and rough-and-tumble with her timbre. She has her hair pulled up in a very tight bun in the back. She has a bit of a smudge on her chin. She says, "All who wish to enter the contest please step right here, pay your entry fee! "Graciously prove your might and your strength. Show that you yourself are responsible for the "rebellion succeeding." Sees you. "You! You wish to be part of this, yes!" "Very well, very well. Ah, entry fee--" She leans in and gets real for a second. "Entry fee is "25 gold pieces each. Winner gets free drinks and the pot." (prolonged high-pitched giggle) "Sorry. 25 gold then." "I mean no offense, I just-- it's a cute beret." Other individuals come and enter and you can see as you guys are preparing for this event, you hear the rattling of chains nearby and you can see two guards stepping up with-- Goran Vedmeyer, who you've seen-- Yeah, no longer Duke. Un-Duked. No, he's been thoroughly un-Duked, trust me. Yeah. He's brought by two of the guards and the guards whisper to each other. They bring out their own 25 gold pieces and they plop it into the pot. "He's entering as our proxy." He looks around. "Yes, what they said." She gives a nod. "Well, I don't see why not, I suppose. All right!" Other people end up gathering up their change and she goes over the sheet with one of her compatriots and they end up breaking off into teams. There are four tables set up and for this round, at least, this part of the festival, they break up in different parts. She calls out to one table. "All right, we have a Jasper Leer to go against a Scanlan Shorthalt at this table." As you're getting ready, you see a farmer-type individual. Clean, as dressed as he could be in relatively ragged clothes, but he looks like he's trying to be presentory for the festival. Grey beard, longish shoulder-length tousled hair. He walks up, pulling his wrist back, and he's got some good muscles. Looks like he's definitely been working a lot of heavy farmwork for most of his life. He sits down at the table across from you, gives you a look over. "Well, shall we begin?" I will say, go ahead and make a sleight-of-hand check. No, what are you talking about? Yeah, got to respond to a couple-- guys, give me a second. All right. So, he has his hand up, he looks you over with a look of intensity for a second. "Put your hand up." He clasps his fingers entirely around your hand at this point. As the intensity mounts, the crowd gathers around, everyone begins cheering, the barmaid steps up again. "All right, two of "you, hands together. And prove your strength... now!" Go ahead and make a strength check. You guys stand there for a second (groans) his arm begins to push on yours, begins to bend back a little bit, you reflex with might and begin to set him back up to the center. You've reached a standstill, once again, back at the center. His expression on his face looks frustrated and surprised. Make another strength check. 11. At this point, as you say that, he tenses and forces down your hand now, right at three-quarters to the table. Make another strength check. 16. (groans) About to touch the knuckles-- He's keeping his hand to his side, trying not to grasp the edge of the table, which is technically against the rules. He's looking around at everyone watching and realizes the sheer amount of attention that's put on the fact that this tiny little gnome is now keeping him at a standstill. With that moment of distraction, you look around and (wham) your arm hits the table. Cheers go on, everyone shouts happily. He lifts up his tankard to the side, someone begins pouring ale into it. He shouts his victory out, everyone cheers. The barmaid pats you on your back. "You did good, you did good." Two more events go by, two more gentlemen have a showdown-- actually no, it's a woman and a man. The woman is a pretty tough-looking warrior, probably one of the guards of Castle Whitestone. She's still in partial armor, has been guarding the event, has taken her helmet off to be part of this event, taking a moment to relax. She goes up against another merchant of the town and just destroys him. The next bout is a man who, the way he's dressed, appears to be a blacksmith. He still has his leather gauntlets on, he takes them off at the table, takes off his leather apron and sets it to the side. Gets down and ready and looks around for his opponent and the two guards bring up the chained Vedmeyer, who then sits down at the table, the chains hitting against the sides of the wooden table top and coasting to the ground as they adjust. He puts his arm on the table with a thud, and has to bend over to even reach the other guy's grasp. You can see the look on his face immediately pale as he realizes who he's up against. It's two rounds and maybe 20 seconds tops before Vedmeyer slams him so hard you can part of the tabletop splinters inward and the guy brings his hand back with bleeding knuckles. He reaches over, puts his hand out expectantly. The barmaid hands him a tankard full of ale. He downs it in one gulp, slams it on on the table and stands back up again. He glances over at you and steps back into the crowd. The second round of the events go in. You are paired up with the gentleman who defeated Scanlan. Make a deception roll. Natural one on his part. He looks genuinely frightened and is about to back up and get the attention of the barmaid who's running this event and he sees the crowd around. He spits in his hand, puts it out and grabs your hand. The barmaid once again. "And-- prove "your strength!" Roll a strength check. He has disadvantage. Natural one. He's already straining and the back of his knuckles are immediately up against the wood. You can see fear in his eyes and he's gripping, but he's also trying to move his fingers to make sure he doesn't make too much contact with your hand. Go ahead and roll another strength check. At which point, he sees the grin on your face and gets his will back behind him and (grunts) forces you back to the center. Make another strength check. Natural 20. He (groans) slams you right over on the edge of the table. Make another check. 19. Back up to the center, at a standstill. You see now the veins bulging at his neck, you can see now, his face is turning red from the strain. He's breathing heavily (pants) as he pushes again. Make another strength check. (chuckles) Eight. (groans) Keeping you right in the middle. Make another check. He glances sidelong at your hand and (whimpers). I'm going to give him disadvantage on this one. All right, what did you get? 17. (laughs) With a disadvantage, he got a six. (groans) The hand goes at three-quarters. He's now looking at you, looking at Scanlan's hand, looking at you, looking at his own hand, he's really worried. Make another strength check. With a disadvantage, he gets a two. You guys are at the middle again. Big struggle. With disadvantage again, because of that-- though disadvantage is fading at this point. He got a 12. So yeah (groans), now he's back down. He got a seven. He looks at you, looks at the hand, looks at you again and you can see in his face, the sudden look of acceptance as you stop playing with him and (whack) slam it really hard on the wood. You can see, he pulls away... (gasps) "Wash it! Wash it, please! Wash it, "somebody wash it!" He slowly backs into the crowd, looking very disturbed and disgusted as everyone else is cheering for you. A tankard is slammed before you, filled with ale. "Drink up, you've earned it, champion." (laughs) He sits there and tenses for a second with a grin, as he growls, his cold breath in the cold Winter's Crest air dissipates up above him and he gives you a nod, the slow look of warrior intensity, but respect. You can see he's looking forward to hopefully this as much as you are, but he still has a battle to do himself. Make a persuasion check. Going around, you're hard-pressed to find somebody who at this moment in time is interested in betting any money against the goliath that helped save the city. You find one gentleman who seems a little interested and he gives you this sidelong, sleazy grin. "Tell you what, not 200 "gold, but I'll put 50 down." "Step away, halfie." He's too focused on the current bout at hand. At this table, you can now see Vedmeyer and the woman guard sits down. Someone's like, "Oh, Trisha's wrestling." Vedmeyer, again with his chains against the wood as he sits down with a smile. He gives her a grin and nod. She's just-- intensity towards him the whole time. You can see there's a little bit of intensity to win, but you also see spite in that look. You see that she knows what he's done and this victory means more to her than otherwise. The two of them-- first match, she pushes and gets the upper hand. A three-quarter view perspective, she's tensing herself, you hear the muscle tensing beneath the armor itself, the metal creaking as her whole upper torso begins to push into it. She begins to push it back-- As you guys are shouting this and keeping it going, she gets pushed back again into a defensive position. You see the blood rushing to her face, but he himself is starting to look really intense. You can see there's surprise in his face from the battle she's giving. She (groans) pushes him back to the center, this back and forth, the crowd is starting to get really intense. You can see the shouting, the cheering, gets really quiet as everyone is now breathlessly watching this bout. She pushes to three-quarters-- He rallies his own strength, but it's not enough, as she (impact sound) onto the table. As she releases, she goes, "You deserve that, and much more." She gets up and walks away. The tankard is held out for her. She pushes it aside and cracks her knuckles as she steps away. Vedmeyer is there staring at his hand. "Hmm. Fitting. It's a real pity, I was looking "forward to fighting you." At which point, his chains are tightened and the guards lift him up again off of his seat and he gets led off back into the crowd. As everyone gathers in now, you can now see more discussions and people are starting to really place bets down now on the outcome of this circumstance. The barmaid comes up again. "You, "champion Grog, sit down. And you, champion Trisha, sit down. As the final round of this show of "majestic might happens now. Hands clasped, please." Her face goes from hardened to soft for a minute as she reaches out and clasps you, not hand in hand, but forearm to forearm, and gives you a solid shake. "I've done so little. You've done far "more. But we all must do our part to keep the city safe." "But right now, I'm going to have to destroy you." Her clasp on your forearm slides back, keeping your hand. Both of you tense muscles, we're talking Predator vs. Schwarzenegger. (laughs) Just like that. As the crowd begins to shout different names, you can see people going, "Trish, Trish, Trish, Grog, Grog, Grog." The voices are starting to grow and grow as both of you are standing there focusing on each other. You can see her tightly bunned dark brunette hair, you can see these green eyes piercing through, looking straight into yours with a bit of sly smirk on the side of her face. You can see a little bit of a scar on the outside of her face that's longtime healed and you can see she's definitely seen her share of battle, just from the complexion and the intensity in her face. "For the final round, let this show of might begin!" Strength check. As the moment of tension hits, you can sense there's definitely a balance, both of you are keeping at bay. She cocks her head curiously and forces you down to the three-quarter back position. Go ahead and make another strength check. She brings you right down to the edge of the table and you can see in her face, there's this genuine look of surprise, like she probably could have finished you, but she feels like there's a trick or there's something to it that she can't be beating you this easy. (laughs) Okay. Go ahead and make an intimidation check. Does this have to be during a rage? (laughing) It may have to be. Let's see. No, you don't have to be in a rage for it, but you can choose to, if you want. A 12 for intimidation? Well, what do you want to do to try and intimidate her? She's about to finish you off on this table. She sees this, and her eyes go wide for a second. She pulls back and for a brief moment, you feel her grip loosen ever so slightly. Go ahead and make the next strength check with advantage. 11? Well, I'm glad you had advantage on that; she rolled a five. So you do manage to (groans) force her back up. You're still in a bad place, but you manage to pull out of that circle and you can see now her intensity hits and she realizes she's not going to go soft on you at all going forward. But as the blood pools down your chin, you can feel the iron-y taste swishing around in your mouth and you can see there's a little bit of a quiver to her. She's still spooked by this whole circumstance, but she's trying her best. Go ahead and make another strength check. That's good. She has disadvantage on these because of the fright. I'm giving her that, but even still, she still rolls a 17. What did you roll, total? 19. You guys keep it-- she's still holding you there, you're not able to gain any ground. You're really impressed by this display she's giving you. Roll again. No. 12? Okay. She forces you back down-- What are you singing? All right, take a d10 inspiration, as you hear the song break through the intensity and you know that Scanlan's presence alone in itself and his fine ditties means that you can do this. 16? With the ten? Okay. It's good you did that. You force her back up, she starts like, really pushing into it and you can see now the sweat's dripping off of her brow, her eyes are quivering. Make another check. How long does that last? Seven. Hold on. What did you roll? Seven. Yeah, she still beats you. So, at this point, you're pushed down. She gives you this look-- Yeah. Of intense anger-- and her face softens and she gives you a nod of respect. (thud) Releases her grip and pulls away, holds her arms up, crowd goes wild. The drink is slammed in front of her, the ale swishing and spilling over the side. She takes it in one hand and slides it forward and hands it to you. "I intend to." She gives you a nod, walks around, accepts her coin purse and steps back into the rest of the celebration. As this is happening, a courier comes up dressed in colors that are reminiscent of the courier service that travels through Emon, through Westruun. There's a certain type of overcoat they wear that gives you the inclination that they've traveled from nearby civilization. Steps up with a rolled up sequence of letters and a small box that is wrapped up. He's in his mid-20s. (laughter) "You're Percival?" "I'm to deliver this to you." He hands you the small box. "I have here two small letters." And hands them over both to you. There's a small, thin one that is actually written to Percival, and there's one addressed to Vox Machina. That's fine. Yeah, the week got busy and we forgot. That one's to you and the other one's to Vox Machina. There is a box, yes. It's about that big in your hands. You open the gift. Inside, there are two-- (laughs) Make a reflex save-- no. As you open it, you see inside there are two crystalline stones that both identically look like that. Yeah, it's nice when you have a really good artist, apparently. But two stones like this. They are called Gate Stones. The two stones are essentially linked. One is placed wherever you like and the other is kept with you. A single individual, just an individual, not a group, can take a minute to concentrate on one stone and be instantly transported to where the other stone is, with the stone. Essentially, yeah. Yeah. They are the two that are linked. No, there is a single set. There's multiple situational uses for it, depending. But apparently this has been painstakingly either enchanted, constructed, and sent by Lillith for you. Yeah, the letters and those two stones. And Zahra, both of them, essentially. You hear murmurs now, people mentioning the pie-eating contest starting soon. As you guys make your way over there, we're going to go ahead and go to our break. We're at the middle point here, yeah. So it's going to be a longer break guys, because we've got a little present for you. I know for a while we've been talking about this work we've been doing on a pre-stream story of Vox Machina's adventures that you guys hadn't had a chance to really experience. So, through all of us doing our individual narration, as well as the wonderful Wendy Sullivan doing incredible work on 50 pieces of art for this, and using music from actually some of our Critters that sent us some great musical tracks, we have been able to present to you over the next 20 minutes, the story of Vox Machina, the beginning. So, enjoy guys, we'll see you here in a moment. The grandest of adventures often stem from humble beginnings. The story of Vox Machina is one such a tale. They begin as a ragtag group of mercenaries in the swamp town of Stillben, eking out a living, when a job board posting brings them to Fendril Vas, the wealthy head of a small merchant empire. Hired to investigate new competition in town called The Myriad, the path eventually leads them into a chamber housing a planar rift, pulling the group into the plane of the stillborn god Crysa-Thul. It is revealed that the contract was a ruse to feed the party to the undead, fetal deity. Upon destroying the abomination, the party returns to repay Fendril's deceit with a blade to the throat. That evening, the party receives a visitor in their friend Arcanist Allura Vysoren. She happily sits with the party for dinner, and trades tales of their past months, before asking if she could hire their services for a matter of great personal importance. Allura's longtime friend and ally, Lady Kima of Vord, has gone missing, following a vision quest from her deity, the platinum dragon Bahamut. Her last letter spoke of an evil taking root beneath the dwarven city of Kraghammer, and Allura worries for her safety. While Allura is unable to go herself, she can provide the proper paperwork for entry, and would pay handsomely if they could find, aid, and return with Kima. Vox Machina agrees to the new contract and sets out for the city of Kraghammer the very next day. As for the rest of their journey... the legend of Vox Machina is still being written. And all the wonderful Critters that are incredibly talented put the music together and we are very thankful that you helped us fill out the soundtrack. If you didn't catch all the names, they're at the bottom of the credits and hopefully we'll have that video up separately on the website soon, so people who couldn't make it tonight will have a chance to see it for their own. That being the case, when the rest of them decide they want to join us, those who are going towards the pie eating contest. You start pushing through the crowd, making your way towards the two long tables that are set up. At this, you can see there are a pair of bakers that are standing there with stacks and stacks of various pies of various flavors they have been preparing, all different colors and shapes, just pushed into a pile, as people are gathered around, excitedly sitting at the table. (laughs) You can ask. Okay, one of the bakers is sitting there. "All right, all right. So sit there, everyone's "got a table. We have room for about four more." "All right, three more." "A bear. Like, a bear?" "Oh, sure. Bring him in. No! It's a bear! Two more, room for two more." You can certainly try. Technically, you could, yeah. Technically. I don't see why not. Okay. So you turned your bear into a bear. So you rush off and you come back with Trinket. As you can see, he's walking a little strange and (bear moans) Rolls up and brushes his scruffy man beard against the side of your face. You gather, Polymorph does not affect the intellect of whatever you transform. So the pot, which covers Trinket's head... (bear moans) Okay. (laughs) What is going on? Okay. So, at this time, you guys have people gathered around now. You guys all take your places at the table. You have to put your feet planted, everyone pushing elbow to elbow. You guys sit down amongst yourselves in a cluster and you eventually guide over as your fourth at the end of your group, your Polymorphed bear friend who's still (confused moans) messing with his manly ham hands. [no audio] "Now!" Dive in face first, arms behind you, just tearing through these pies. Just blackberries, strawberries, all forms of berries just being tossed everywhere. There's a couple chicken pies-- No hands, no. Trinket goes like, (inquisitive grunt). As you all tear through your first large pies, smeared across the faces, with your mind off to the side, you glance over, everyone go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. All right, Grog? Oh, you're not eating? Okay, all right, cool. So, the three of you tearing through. You finish the first pie. The second pies slam down, you all look at it, you have a little moment. Close, but not too bad. You gather yourself and dive into a second round of pies, splashing all over the table. (laughs) Trinket is having a hard time keeping the hands behind. You can see one of the bakers suddenly come by and hold the hands back. (growls aggressively) "All right, just keep--" More and more pie crust being tossed aside, the table is a mess. The bakers are starting to scoop off whatever is left over off to the side into buckets. As you finish the second pie, make another constitution saving throw with the DC increasing with each progressive pie. All right. Yeah. Okay, so as you both finish your secondary pie, you both sit up and look at each other with dark purple berry filling down the side of your face. You both make eye contact at the same time, as you both go (vomiting sound) and release your fresh payload into the pans before you. Baker comes by, slamming the hand down. "Disqualified!" You look around the side, you aren't the only ones. A number of other individuals have dropped out now. You're down to five people at the table that are still eating, one of which is Trinket, who finishes his second pie. Food smeared all across the face, getting all in the beard. Some of it has dribbled down into the chest hair, it's a pretty terrifying sight. Third pies are slammed down on the table. These last five individuals and Trinket. Have Trinket roll another constitution saving throw. You're adding your modifier, right? You're adding your modifier, right? His constitution modifier. All right, so this time, everyone finishes this last pie. Two of the individuals end up having to stop, just duck out, have to run off out into the crowd. Three of them make it through, Trinket just barely finishes the third pie. (gulps, distressed growls) He gives you that look of like, (distressed growling). (pants) He looks over and another pie is set down, the fourth round of pies go down. The last three and Trinket join in. Make another constitution saving throw for Trinket. A 15? Total? That set of pies finished, two of the remaining three end up getting up partway through the pie and one of them vomits off to the side. The other one stops, stands up and walks away, going (distressed noises). Spits out the food in his mouth in his hand, re-examining his life. The other remaining gentleman finishes the pie. There's sweat down his face (panting), you see the little bit of a chinstrap beard he has just covered in berries and bits of crust, this awful appearance. Trinket finishes the last bits of the pie (chomp, distressed bellow). Make a persuasion check. Yeah. Yeah. 15. Trinket looks at you. (distressed growls) Looks down and across the table, the gentleman who's also there scoots over right in front and goes, "May the best man win, eh?" Trinket goes, (loud growl). There are bits of pie spattering across him on the ground. Two pies (thud) brought down in front. These are not fruit pies. These are meat pies. Then he goes, (distressed groans, sniffs). Constitution saving throw. (pauses) Hold on. There do appear to be hints of fish inside. I will grant you advantage on this saving throw. 11. Both of them dive into their pies, coasting through. At a certain point, Trinket stops and (pants) breathes heavily in the pie. You can see bits of it over the edge, just from the nostril flare, looks up at you (distressed growl). The gentleman across the way looks up as well and is like (pants heavily, groans). They both dive into the pies together again, slowly, trying to make their way through and then in a moment, they both look up at each other and their eyes make a connection as a look of sudden fear and realization hits both of them. They both sit up and with but a moment's notice, the two bakers set down two pails at their side as both of them simultaneously just... buckets. Losing simultaneously, at which point both of them raise their other hand mid-expulsion. "We have a tie! A "victory! Both winners lasted quite a ways, splitting the pot, that's 50 gold each." Everyone cheers, yay! (weary growls) (growls) Trinket steps up and pushes away from the guy and goes running towards you on his hands and knees. (laughter) The baker hands you a sack of gold. "For your friend." When he's feeling better. At this point, you can now hear voices start to raise, people going, "Oh, the Keeper, the "Keeper's going to speak." The people start gathering towards the center of town where the Sun Tree is. As you all begin to gather for this central moment of the festival, Keeper Yennen steps up. Cassandra steps up with him and you can see he's looking over the crowd, eventually meeting Percy's gaze. He leads you up onto the stage. The three of you stand out amongst the rest of the crowd as everyone gathers. The children are sitting in the front, expectantly with their hands under their legs, looking up with big smiles. Some of them are covered in candy and whatever else they've managed to acquire throughout the festival. The music begins to slowly die down until silence hits and a small cold breeze begins to blow through, as you see a couple of fresh flakes of snow begin to fall from the sky above Whitestone. The Keeper looks out over the crowd as the hush takes the rest of the group. "Friends, families, "brave soldiers and defenders of this wondrous city. We gather today to celebrate for the first "time in many years, our own Winter's Crest festival." There's some clapping. "It is on this "day that we remember, centuries ago, when Erevan, the Ice King, Keeper of the Far Realm of Ice and 'the Elemental Planes, attempted to tear his way into Tal'Dorei, was kept at bay and sent back "packing from whence he came." There are some cheers from the crowd. "In this, we also are "reminded of family, reminded of friendship, and the bonds that we as a people keep ourselves and "our families safe, that we rise up to the occasion to show true heroism. To stand by our beliefs and "not let the darkness swallow our hope. And by that, we are able to bring to you, this day, the "surviving members of the de Rolo family Cassandra and Percival." You hear some whistles from the crowd and some cheers well up again. Some shouts, "de Rolo!" some yells from the crowd. Keeper Yennen puts his arms out. "These two, among friends, Vox Machina, "the intrepid adventurers from Emon, spearheaded our freedom, from the terrible, tyrant ruin that "the Briarwoods had set us upon. So today, we celebrate not just our joint friendships. We "celebrate true heroism and give thanks that there are still"-- looking to you, Percy-- "people who "will do whatever it takes to rise to the good of this land." He looks to Cassandra. "Who in the "long run, know the right choices to make and amongst the darkness, still choose sight of the "light. May we all raise our glasses to the prosperous future of this city amongst the "Alabaster Sierras and to the continued future of the de Rolo family." Everyone raises their glasses up. "Huzzah!" (cheering) "Cassandra?" She comes as well. And you all step off out of the festival for a while. A few folks attempt to follow to see what's going on. Some of the guards usher them away. You guys are led into an empty building, looks to have been a home of some kind that has long since been abandoned. As you step inside, it's cold and still in here, very low light other than a little oil lantern that's been lit by one of the guards as you step inside. The door closes behind and Keeper Yennen turns around. "There is no real way that we can show our appreciation for what you've done for "our people. But first and foremost, there are funds within the de Rolo family treasury left "behind by the Briarwoods that we hope could help compensate for some of your expenditures and 'hardships you've undergone." "This is, of course, at the behest of the de Rolo family, "who are the inheritors of this fortune." "Now, we've had a few weeks of peace and recovery, of rebuilding and reforging the real "bonds of this society here in Whitestone. But going forward, there needs to be a governing "force. I would like to ask of your wisdom and guidance, all of you, in deciding on what is to "become of the future of this city. There are many options at our disposal. I'm overseeing a myriad "of things throughout the town and as a man of religious importance, given the history, the "people have recommended it does not behoove me to take any sort of position of ruling in this town. "It would be natural, of course, for the people to, without question, follow anyone of the existing "bloodline." He looks both to Cassandra and to Percival. "Have you any thoughts on this matter? "Any of you?" At which point, the strange, burly man on all fours, at this point, Brother-- who did not really notice, goes, "Is that your bear?" (laughter) "Strange folk. " At which point, Cassandra pipes up and goes, "Well, I understand what you're saying, brother, "but I'm still rediscovering who I am. If the people of this town knew what I've done, what I "was responsible for all these years." "We could. I could." He's taken aback and thinks. "Well, in the sense of a council that you're recommending, that "would be certainly a more comfortable position for one such as myself. There are a number of "community leaders that have really stepped up and shown their true quality. Yes, this could be done. "We'd have to ask the people, of course, of the city and make sure that that would be all right "with the folks, but I think given the way things have been, that shouldn't be too hard of a sell." "I believe what he's suggesting is that we make decisions by council, by vote." "If you will." "Cassandra?" She steps back at this point and she looks, her hands shaking visibly. She looks up to you and steps forward and reaches up and puts her hand to the side of your face and looks to you with a piercing honesty and fear. She, lower lip quivering, whispers to you. "Percy, "can I be trusted? Do you trust me?" "What is this?" She clasps it in her hand, holds it to her chest. She smiles and closes her eyes. "What you say is true." She looks over at each member of your group and looks back to Keeper Yennen. "If it so pleases this intended council, It would be my "honor to represent the de Rolo bloodline in keeping this town safe." Keeper goes, "Then so be it. I shall inquire with the people of this town. We will forge a council "voted by the greater peoples of this place. And we shall restore Whitestone to its former glory. Very "well. Go, enjoy the rest of your festival." "Well, talk with Percival." "Very well. Enjoy your festival, you've earned it. Go out, be merry. Let us all remember "this time of year, the bonds that we carry, the loyalties that we hold to, and the heroism you "stand for. Now go." At which point, the guards open the door and he steps out. The cold air rushes in, and you can see now, quite a bit of soft snowfall is now coming upon the center of the town. He points off to the side. There's a small bucket of cold water that's set by the side. You manage to dampen your outfit to the point of getting it off, although it is a bit cold when you step outside now. Sure. All right. As the rest of the party joins, you all step out into the cold afternoon air. You are immediately greeted by the sound of music, laughter, and cheer. The rest of the festival continues on into dusk and you can't help but find the joy in the air infectious. Vox Machina's favorite! As you open the package, you see before you, a familiar belt of leather, with a coiled snake on the buckle. With that, Vox Machina continues to enjoy the joyous affair that is the Winter's Crest festival. Snowfall slowly covering the night sky as the sun comes to dusk. You withdraw to tell stories, sing songs, and drink merrily as the friends you are, looking forward to the next chapter in your adventure. And with that, we're going to go ahead and close the Winter's Crest episode of our adventure and leave you guys to the holiday break. We have a couple cool announcements to make. One, we had our winner earlier from our subscriber count, we hit a hundred. Our winner, if they haven't already announced it, is Saxecutioner. You'll get yourself a cool care package we're going to ship out to you. Yes! Indeed, indeed. Let's see, we'll be gone for a few weeks until we come back for our next episode. We're on our holiday break, we're going to get our stuff taken care of, but we'll be back as soon as we can. The seventh. And I think Zac has something you wanted to mention. Come on in, buddy. Yes. I don't think you guys truly, as an audience understand exactly how much he's done to build this channel, the blood, sweat, and tears. I mean, both of them! Zac has made us all feel so comfortable and so excited to create this whole thing and has given so much of himself and put so much of himself into this and really, if you have the opportunity on Twitter or wherever else to follow him to his new job, let him know and feel the appreciation. He's awesome and an amazing human being and we're going to miss him terribly. But we're so happy and excited for your new ventures. All righty. There we go. Cross straight over. That song goes on for a while, too. There you go. All right, so. One more quick little exit here for you guys before we go on holiday break, we've had a special guest, came in today to check out the stream. Big fan of his work for a very long time and extremely proud he came to watch the episode and he's been live-tweeting throughout the evening, but he wants to come in and give a little holiday hello as well. We have to the cameras, come sit next to me in this chair, the illustrious Chris Perkins. (cheering) Oh, you'll find out. It's all positive! No. Okay, we'll talk. (laughter) Terrible things happen behind this. Thanks for coming, sincerely. Go ahead and roll this for a second. I'm just curious. Yeah, it's a fan-made die. All right, yeah. It's a 15. Oh wait. It's like a Sputnik die. So he rolled a 15. That's DM rolling right there. That's upper teens, yo. Oh, there we go. See, there we go. Natural 20. Thank you so much for coming by, man. Seriously. Go for it. So guys, next year, look forward to the next Dungeons and Dragons module, "Don't Be Sad Bear." I think it's for levels three to seven. It'll be really great. For those who aren't familiar with Chris, he's been a longtime dungeon master inspiration for a lot of us out there, who's put up a blog for a long time with a lot of great tips and tricks and discussions on what makes a great story, what makes running a great game. If you aren't following him right now, you should, on Twitter at-- There you go. So, that should work out well. Thank you so much for coming. I appreciate that. And guys, happy holidays and happy New Year. We'll see you-- I'll vote for that. Yeah. (laughter) Exactly. You guys, happy holidays. This is like Lord of the Rings. This is Return of the King. It's got seven endings. Fantastic. All right. Anyone else? Are you guys playing Critical Role over the holidays? At some point, there'll be a marathon. There you go, it'll be on the Twitter. Lucas will let you know. They grow up so fast! (air horn sounds, laughter) (frustrated growl) I will smash your mini. I would never do that. I painted it. Far too long. All right, guys. Seriously, happy holidays, happy new year. Indeed. Bye guys.