Hello everyone! Welcome to Critical Role tonight! We have some interesting adventurous points to go over. We're also coming off International Tabletop Day, which we had a great time. Met a lot of the wonderful fans, one of which had created their own t-shirt of our group and inspired us to do the same! So you'll see a bunch of us wearing our fantastic, full assortment of Critical Role party member t-shirts tonight. Just for fun. In the meantime, let’s go ahead and get this started, as we all have the chance to warm up with character backgrounds and maybe a little surprise. So be back here in a few minutes, guys! (drumming battle music) (drumming battle music continues) It put him to work for quite some time, also the mixing and sound effects done by the amazing Alex Neat and the music you heard was composed by the amazingly talented Jason Charles Miller. So if you don't know Jason you should look him up. He's done stuff for The Guild and many other web shows. Also a fantastic musician on his own with his own stuff. He is the lead singer of Godhead. He's just a good guy. Also a voice actor, look him up if you have any time. Good people, and he lent his talents to our intro so we really appreciate that, buddy. Also we had a great time at Tabletop Day. Got to meet some of our fans. Got to take some pictures. Bunch of cool folks. Some of us got to go on the stream at certain points in the day. All around a good time! So those of you that got a chance to come, thank you so much! And a fan created, as I mentioned before, this awesome t-shirt with the roster, so we were all really inspired to go ahead and make some of our own. Got the party showing off their Critical Role positive. I guess some people are into the idea, let the chat know. People seem to be, and we'll be putting more designs out, getting some shirt possibilities to you guys in the near future. This is a thank you. Also guys, as a note, we have, available tonight for the person, for people who have managed to get themselves to 2,150 subscribers tonight, we will send out another promo kit to one of you folks in the chat with another signed picture of our Critical Role cast. So be sure to see if we can get the subscribers to climb up as well, so keep an eye out for that in the evening so we can give out one of those before the night is over. That would be awesome. Let's kick into the game proper, guys! Let's get some proper music playing, because that's what I do. So last we left off, music's not playing here. I need music! The music's important to me! The party had been travelling into the dwarven city of Kraghammer at the behest of arcanist Allura Vysoren in search of a halfling paladin, a very revered folk hero named Lady Kima of Vord who had gone missing following a vision quest somewhere beneath the dwarven city of Kraghammer, supposedly for some great evil that was germinating there, festering and growing. After you guys traversed through the dwarven city, you began to find your way down into the mines. The mythril mines of Greyspine beneath the dwarven town. After a few fateful encounters, the return of your gnome cleric. Grog having his proverbial brains blown out by an intellect devourer. The party then decided to make friends with a mind flayer, an illithid that had been cast out from its people seeking vengeance and possible return to its people. Upon making this alliance, they made an attack on the dwarven, or the duergar, war camp that is threatening to rise up and attack Kraghammer from deep within the mountains themselves. The attack was successful. The general was killed, interrogated, and some interesting information was gleaned from him before his brain was sucked out from his head by Clarota, the mindflayer friend. However, this attack also announced to the local war camp of your presence and in the process of attempting to escape, the druid was damaged and lost her eagle form and thus began a freefall of many party members. A haphazard attempt to use the magic carpet far over its weight limit led most of the party to come crash landing and nearly killing everyone. Managed to escape, walled themselves in thanks to Keyleth’s stone wall spell. And after staying the evening in one of the deeper tunnels, and barely avoiding a roving band of duergar there, you managed to find yourselves in battle with 2 ogres carrying some sort of strange, mutated, black pudding ooze contained in a glass container. The glass container being shattered, of course, by an explosive arrow created by Percy and fired by Vex. At the very start of the battle, led into a very rough battle with this strange mutating ooze that kept splitting and splitting, until through some good teamwork, crafty use of telekinesis and a nearby lava pool, and general high damage rolls, you guys managed to survive the encounter. Making your way to the bottom of this tunnel, you found yourself looping back around to the large crevice where the giant waterfall had fallen in before, where you had met Clarota. Which allowed you to retrieve your bear Trinket. We pick up as you guys begin to step down into the lower tunnels, the ones that are partially coated with a series of magma pools and falls that are trickling out of the rockside. All right everyone. So essentially there was-- You're under the camp. You're where the giant chasm leads down into the waterfall. There is a pool of water at the bottom where the aboleth was in the water. You guys also just woke up about 2, 3 hours ago. You guys can take a short rest and use your hit dice to heal up. You didn't take any damage last game. Thankfully you stayed out of the fray. You did use one of your Dominate spells. Only thing of note. So the rest of you who need to heal up can use this time to take a short rest and use your hit dice to heal up on your own. So, (all laugh) Let me pull out this visual aid for you. This is the tunnel sequence you guys have traversed down to the main area where the goblin encampment was. This is the large bridge that went across the giant chasm to where the duergar war camp was. This is the giant drop-off at the waterfall. You guys are currently in this section about to go deeper into this tunnel where a series of small magma trickles are pouring out of the rock. You did. (laughs) It’s been a week. You guys came through here, you traveled across over the war camp, went back here and tunneled below. Correct. Maps. Correct. Cheers indeed, huzzah. All right. Clarota is indeed with you. Clarota took a large black iron duergar bolt to the chest earlier and is mostly recovered but is still even more hunched than usual. The brains helped him-- --keep healthy, but he's still a little wounded but he's taking his time to rest up. He seems to be okay. Not as worse for wear as he was before. A slight wheeze that's always to him still present. Sounds just like that. So, as you guys begin to push down into this lower chasm, the temperature of the air itself grows steadily warmer and warmer with a drier heat. You find yourselves, especially those of you with thick armor-- --You find that sweat beads begin to trickle down the side of your face-- --And begin to pool and gather in parts of your chestplate. Pressing further down, the air itself that once had a kind of a hint of that sulfur smell, is now becoming stronger and stronger as you step deeper and deeper into this cavernous tunnel. It rests about 30 feet to 40 feet at width and about 25, 30 feet up and it varies to come pinched tighter or wider at moments, but it continues to be a steady downward climb in a continuous direction. The small trickles, some of them pool and gather into these small, magma cups if you will. Molten hot magma, I knew it was coming. Ooh, that's minus 200 experience points. (all laugh) You get about 20 or 30 minutes deeper into this tunnel before the sweltering heat gets noticeably warmer and as you crest a slight incline and decline over a small hill portion of this tunnel, you can see now a large portion of the rock has collapsed on the left side and a gargantuan pool of magma is pooling into the tunnel, essentially covering half of the tunnel you are traversing down. It can be walked on the side of safely at about 2 or 3 at shoulder width, but you only have about a 15 foot width here and the rest of it is just extremely bright, hot, molten rock. No, but it's uncomfortable and something to be very aware of and to watch your step. You feel great. Okay. So a little bit of water just begins to pour perpetually, and without seeming end due to the size of the bottle. Sure. Yes you can. All right. Go ahead and roll for your tracking check on that. I believe it's survival. This is with advantage, I believe, because it's your favored terrain, correct? 21! All right. You take a moment, and about 30 to 40 feet, you go through and inspect the way the terrain's been pushed and the dirt has been shoved aside. Tracking footprints and scuff marks on the rock and the walls nearby, seeing if any of the flows have been interrupted recently, and you ascertain that there is actually a pretty continuous patrol through here. About once every 4 to 8 hours up and down this tunnel that contain anywhere from 5 to 10 or more duergar, sometimes other, larger creatures. You find footprints that resemble maybe the ogres you mentioned earlier, possible troll footprints, but you're not familiar with that entity. You also notice some of the walls have what looks like small, localized cave-ins, almost as if something had burrowed through at one time or another. Large, large creatures. So, there's also things that exist outside of the tunnel system. Probably a good idea. As a note though, you said within 6 miles? As you continue tracking down this tunnel - and it takes you a good 3 or 4 hours to finally reach a point where the tunnel begins to widen up - you assess that, maybe 3 miles up, there is a localized town. Or, at least, a population of duergar amassed in a central place. Yeah. From where you began. Let's do that! Go ahead and roll stealth. You do not. This would be a group stealth check. All right. Picking up on the shortcomings of a handful of members of your group, you do manage to maintain what you feel is a fairly stealthy advance deeper into this tunnel system. About an hour and a half of perpetual travel, as the tunnel slowly widens further and further, with every quarter mile or so, you eventually get to a point where the tunnel shoots open into a gargantuan cavern. A chamber nearly a mile and a half across from this visual point. It is extremely tall, with hundreds of very jagged stalagmites hanging from the ceiling, and rock formations that rise and fall at different points of the topography. This entire tunnel is built in this strange, large, natural, downward curve that disappears out of sight about a mile ahead and to the left. But this huge tunnel is lit with what looks like maybe 2 to 3 dozen various small lava falls that are pouring down the sides of this giant cavern's structure. You also see some small pockets of that red glow stone that a lot of these Dwarven tunnels tend to use as a light source. You also, as you begin to step into this, carefully - you, taking point on this, both the twins; you notice - on the far end of this cavern… Well, first off, the entire landscape is rough and craggy, with large, black, obsidian spikes just jutting out of the ground at various points. Whether it be seismically created or otherwise, it's a very unwelcoming atmosphere. And that sulfurous smell is extremely strong. Even though you’ve gotten used to it as far as you can for this travel, it’s still a very pungent odor and you find that it’s going to be very difficult for you to make out any other scent in this location right now other than that horrible mixture of chemicals that probably isn’t very healthy to be breathing at the moment. What you see across the chamber, your eyes focus on a small cluster of buildings, it looks, of a similar construct as the barracks that you saw at the war camp. You can probably surmise somewhere in the neighborhood of about 20 to 25 of these structures, all localized in this one area that is punctuated with - you can count about 7 of these black obsidian spires that rise out at different points around like watchtowers. No, these are constructed. These are very smooth and have that rigid Dwarvish construction with a jagged edge to each one of the leveled lips of these towers. The one that you can see closest to you, which is about a quarter mile off, you can just barely make out what looks like a couple of duergar walking across one of the upper levels and what looks like some sort of ballista and/or anti-personnel weapon that is put-- These giant bolt-throwers currently reside on each one of these, and then in the center of this cluster of buildings, you see standing a gargantuan ebony fortress. Serrated stonework marks the top of each wall and more of these giant bolt-throwers are mounted across the parapets. A massive magma fall descends from the rocky ceiling, right above the stronghold, onto the roof and is forked onto each side and then continues to flow down, buttressing each side of the stronghold almost as a defense mechanism, like they built it intentionally underneath this magma fall. The giant building you see is called Emberhold. That’s what it’s been referred to as. It’s not a temple, it is a fortress. The temple of where apparently K'Varn as far as you know exists is further below in the fungal forest that surrounds this ancient city ruin that has been repurposed by the illithids that Clarota actually came from. You’re looking at Emberhold itself, the center of the duergar society and from what you’ve gleaned from two different duergar that you’ve interrogated, supposedly where Lady Kima has been held should she still-- --By King Murghol. Murghol and Queen Ulara. It is way too far away. That stronghold is probably a good mile and a half away from you right now. There is a lot of cover, yes, but it’s a lot of open area with cover, so it’s one of those you’re just going to have to be careful as you move through. Yes, it’s pretty dark here, the only reason you can see much is because of the low light vision. Even at this radius, things you could see nearby, a light source would be very helpful in making sure that you can see details and not fall in anything you don’t want to, but it also makes you very visible to anything else out there, so you have to decide. You can see near, but these are things that are a mile away. It’s way too far away. The reason you can make out this small city and Emberhold itself is because there are clusters of the red glowstone used within that city and the giant magma fall that currently envelops the sides of the stronghold, making it very, very visible and easy to pick out against the rest of the cavern. About a mile off, yeah. Okay. You've seen this before. As she finishes her incantation, you feel the darkness of the shadows around you begin to coalesce and almost stick to you. Although there's no substance, for a moment you almost find yourself repulsed by it, until you realize that it's probably an advantageous circumstance. But you find yourself now much easier to slip into the surrounding shadows. Okay. All right. All right. You guys continue staying off the main path and you can see there is about a 20-foot natural formation of a walkway or at least where most of the patrols and any sort of duergar foot travel is localized. You can see where that natural road has been created over time. You avoid that path and steer off to the left, dodging between the various bits of terrain. And it's a very rocky and difficult terrain should you not be with your ranger, who has the Underdark as her favored terrain. It's okay because you guys are in theory together. I'm going to say essentially you're just marking places where the terrain would be dangerous, to watch your step and to be wary of any locations that might be unsafe for load bearing, anything like that. Yes! Specific. As you guys begin to curve around the left, everyone roll a perception check real fast. Only if you're proficient with perception. Is there a dot on the bottom? Yeah. All right. Both Percy and Vax simultaneously put their arms out to hold everyone back as you instinctively-- --You hear a slight distant clanking of metal and voices. Low, kind of conversational voices. Too far for you to listen at this point. But you guys immediately stop everyone. And you can just see, over maybe a good 70, 80 feet from your distance, heading up the path you guys had just began to skirt around, a small, what looks like a roving patrol of duergar. Probably the ones that go up and down the tunnel. No one's seen them, you can just hear them. No one's gone to check. You can. Just the two of you? Right now? You're guessing about 80 to 70 feet, but closing fast. Not closing directly on you, because they're doing a slightly different path. Correct. Okay, so all of you guys, who's-- Is that a concentration spell? Just checking if it’s concentration or not, because that will definitely break your other spell. I'll pull it up here real fast. Guidance is concentration. Okay. So, the two of you kind of work up. As the rest of you are holding back, the twins slink between the various rock formations and strange, jagged spires that are currently peppering this entire underground landscape. You get up to a point where you're maybe 10 feet from the road and with your backs against the rock, you can begin to see the roving band slowly move around. The band of duergar. You count, at quick glance, roughly 12 to 15. Armed with hammers, halberds, um... Both of you guys roll a perception check right now. Perception check. Specific for this one. You make out that one of them holds no weapons. Instead is dressed in-- There you go. You can also perceive, I suppose. One of the duergar walking alongside is completely bald on top with this extremely long, well sculpted, black goatee beard that streams down. Thick black and red trimmed robes. Carries no weapons and looks extremely dangerous. However, as you're listening to the conversation, you specifically, being able to understand Undercommon-- --You pick up bits and pieces as they begin to pass by. You hold your breath, hoping nobody notices you, and so far so good. They begin to walk slowly past the rock you guys are against. You overhear one of them say “Well, keep your eyes peeled, eh. That thing is still out there.” And the other one slaps him and says “Horek says that it ate a whole scouting party in seconds.” Another one goes “Listening to Horek was your first mistake. “Shut up and keep walking.” And they all keep pushing. At which point, the same scared one from before says “I mean, if that one went crazy, well, “can't the other ones crack, too? “I don't know if I feel safe around any of K'varn's pets anymore at this rate.” And by that point, they begin to slowly move past and their voices begin to fade, as they continue up the path you guys just traversed down. Up to the lava tunnels. It's actually a very good thing. You guys have, like, bear tracks and a giant goliath, like, what-- (laughs) Fried bananas? Toss me one of those. Is that from the chat? I know it's not a piece of pizza, guys, but I'll do what I can. (all laugh) (disappointed) Oh. The sound of the duergar walking eventually fades and you feel pretty confident that you're safe to return to the rest of the party. Certainly. You guys push forward, keeping that wide, kind of left curve, which adds a fair amount of time to your travel, as you're being careful and moving at a very very heavy, circular arc around the duergar city. Sure! Looking for doors! Good thinking. Still too far away. As you begin to make your way around, you're just starting to get to the point where you can see the front of the fortress. And you can see where the magma fall splits and just coalesces around each side of the stronghold. Almost like a blanket waterfall on each side. It does split up at certain points, you can begin to start making it out. It's hard to tell from this distance, unfortunately. You'd have to get closer up to see. About an hour of travel around the side-- (laughs) That can be fixed, Liam. (all laugh) Indeed. It's at this point, immediately catching your eye, Vex, one of the nearby obsidian spires is a different color than the rest. The rest are like a deep black, glass shiny color. This one is a dull crimson. Black obsidian, this was red-- --crimson, ruddy, anyway. Okay. Scanlan comes with. Go ahead and roll a stealth check. Okay, so it was a 1-- I will say, Pike, roll a perception check. Unfortunately, you're not quite perceptive enough to notice Scanlan's not quite so quiet walking away, as you're distracted by the surroundings and the circumstance locally. You continue up with the twins, absentmindedly humming to yourself. The twins, being used to your humming, for some reason it doesn't connect. You make your way up to the spire. At about 15, 20 feet out, you notice the coloration is different, because it is completely coated in what looks like dried blood of some kind. And immediately to the right of it, along the ground-- --currently your vision is obscured by another, large kind of twisted stalactite, but there appears to be an arm and a whole bunch more dried blood across the ground, just out of view. You can stop. Make an investigation check. It's on the ground. 7? You can also attempt to make an investigation check. The state of the blood that you see around seems to indicate that this has transpired over some time. You're guessing probably within a few days, if not a week, since this happened. Okay, so as you walk up towards the arm to grab it, you have more of a view of what's happened. And what you see before you are definitely remnants of some battle long past. Against these rocky formations there's dried blood everywhere. This terrible bloodbath, whatever this event was, it was probably a horrible thing to see. There are pieces of duergar flung about. And I say pieces - the only reason you know duergar were there is because occasionally you see part of a head, or part of a foot. And you recognize the ashy skin from the areas that aren't currently caked with its own gore. From what you can tell, because of your investigation check, the remains are torn apart by no blade. There's no cuts, there's no clean wounds. They're either pulled apart by force-- --like, arms and limbs were wrenched from the body just out of sheer power. Or there appears to be some sort of gnawing, some chewing, like toothy fangs, sharp teeth have partially eaten portions of these bodies. From what you can tell-- --Yeah, it happened quite some time ago. Looking at the tracks, you can see duergar feet, you can see other creatures that resemble those hook horrors that you encountered earlier during the lava pool. However, there's a series of tracks that you haven't seen. Well, there is very erratic footsteps that look human size, but they seem to be placed randomly, like one foot here, one foot here, one foot here. And you see what seem like strange strikes through the sand, like someone had been dragged very quickly in a very localized spot, scattered all about. It's a very strange pattern that you can't really grasp what kind of creature would make it. Best you can tell, the last time it was here was about two or three days ago, to feast on more of the remains. Human sized. Any semblance of armor that belonged to any of these individuals is in such tatters that it's unusable. You do manage to find, across some of the body parts, a couple of blood-soaked gold coin purses. One of them contains a handful of gems. Yes, those right there. So you can mark that down, until you get a chance to appraise them. Good man. Well done. It's very tasty. Having been underground for what probably amounts now to four or five days, that little taste of ale on your lips is a very welcoming and very refreshing sensation. Grog, you instinctively reach up and catch it. You look down and see what looks like a duergar arm that has been very heavily mangled. It was a good joke. I considered it, but no. You haven't seen a creature. You're heading towards that structure. Where you just were? No, there's just all these giant rocky spires jutting out of the ground. There were no doors. It appears like there was, at one point in time, some very intense seismic activity in this area that created this cavern, and whatever is the source of a lot of this perpetually flowing, molten rock. That's why the entire terrain here is so dangerous and uninviting, is because of the sheer force that went into its creation. A small hit to Scanlan's morale, but the party marches on. Twins in front. You guys continue to push forward. For the sake of the length of this journey, I'm going to have the party go ahead and roll a communal stealth check once more. Yes. 24? Yes. Okay. (all groan) Okay. Grog? Yes. All right, so that's three failures. Okay, good. More than half you guys succeeded. That bit is key. A one is two failures. A one is considered two failures for this challenge. Pushing forward-- --you manage to stop Percy and find out the root of this audio problem. Pushing forward, you manage to make your way about a quarter mile on the outskirts of this cluster of buildings. Curving far left, you're just managing to keep out of the city proper and move straight towards the very back wall of this cavern, which is buttressed against - what this fortress is built against. So you're circumventing the city to go straight to this fortress. As you're moving, about a quarter mile from the stronghold, Vex, you pick up a strange person standing maybe about 50, 60 feet ahead of you. Just a person, it looks like. LAURA & You take a moment, keeping an eye out, and the person isn't moving. Just standing right there. It's too dark to make out any details, unfortunately. You can see it. And there is a humanoid, standing on its own. You approach this individual and notice it is unmoving and is of a singular, solid color. What looks to be what is an illithid or a mind flayer is currently locked in some sort of reactionary position, but is completely turned to stone. Clarota kind of thinks for a second and goes (breathy, raspy voice) “As far as I've noticed, occasionally “these patrols do walk with a lizard creature that has this ability. “It's generally used as a threatening device “or a guardian amongst the city.” “A trained beast, yes.” “I can only imagine maybe this transpired “before the union and is left as a warning.” This would be a nature check. For anyone who wishes to make one. Natural 20. Essentially it is a sight-based circumstance. As you guys push forward, Clarota lags behind a little bit to inspect the statue. Kind of looks it over for a second-- (low, breathy voice) “Uh…” (laughing) Goddamn it! (all laugh) He takes a moment to look over and you can see his eyes close slightly for a second. (raspy, breathy voice) “Aye, we've met. “Not the kindest of my people, but, nevertheless, “should all this pass, I would like to, maybe, “release him from this stony prison.” “I know not, but it can be done. I've seen it.” You did. Essentially, there is a liquid that can be distilled from the basilisk blood. You do not. As you guys press forward, about another 20 or so minutes, you now have a much better view of the left side of Emberhold proper. And you can see the large magma fall that is pouring over the top of the fortress's second story and completely encompasses that side. It splits and divides towards the center - a larger fall towards the front of the fortress and a thinner one towards the very back. Okay. For you, it'd be stealth. Yeah, you guys are all stealthed still. So you move ahead of the rest of the group and head to the front of this stream. And you can see the smooth wall with molten rock pouring down the side, and you can see where portions of the stone have been gradually worn and melted by just the contact, but then built upon by more and more cooled rock. This is a very weird clustered framing of cooled rock around this fall. You see no doorway, as the actual magma is pressing directly against the side of the stronghold. Okay. Go ahead and make an investigate check. 18? Best that you can find, looking around, you cannot see anything before you, any sort of mechanism, any sort of any button, any sort of lever, or additional doorway. It's just a solid wall, with the two magma flows. All right. Go ahead and make an investigate check. Okay. Looking at this, the side of this fortress, you can see what amounts to a very, very slight raise in the smooth flow of magma. It seems to pour down most of the stronghold and then slightly bulge out, and then it pools, and you can now have a better, closer so you see where it runs off to. It continues into a stream following the edge of the giant cavern wall that's curving down and to the left into a far deeper cavern. You can see the entire cavern, almost like a giant U. It's open, and the entire thing banks around it and goes deeper still. You guys have made it to the far back wall. Ah, the chicken has arrived. Metaphorically, and actually. But from what you can see there is a slight raise beneath the magma. You glance up and you can see there are two duergar perched up on the edge of the first floor, right on the parapet. You can see there's all this jagged, obsidian stone, almost teeth, sticking out of the very top edge of the wall. And you see the patrols just walking, keeping an eye out. They have crossbows on their arms. A couple of others just have javelins at the side. And they're just doing slow patrols. (singing) That's fucking teamwork. (all laugh) They're still stealthing in front, and you guys have come back to the group? Very subtle pops and hisses, but other than that it's pretty quiet. No, no, it's a slow gradual pour. David Norris? Thank you David Norris for the chicken! It's a good question. What are you doing? From your current position, you're up against the wall, no. You can back away and take up more of a case on it if you want. So far only the two of them have really approached the stronghold and you guys have stayed back behind the elevations. So you can all try, in theory, if you want to just stealth past them. As you watch, you take a moment, still from the far back position, watch the two up there come together; they chat for a second, then a third one appears. Then one of them rotates out for the one that just arrived. They both just sit there, keeping an eye. One of them cleans his bow. They're about twenty feet from each other along the top of the parapet. Twenty feet, yes. Two. Yeah. No, range is how far away from you they are, and the radius is for the point of the spell. Yes. All right. You reach over and hold on to Pike gently, give her a little wink. And suddenly-- Okay. You feel the sudden rush of air and the surrounding atmosphere of you goes from that uncomfortable warmth to a sudden freezing cold as your vision goes black and all you can see is Scanlan looking at you with this heightened grin as he's muttering these arcane incantations under his breath. An instant later, you guys are both standing at the top of the wall, with both of the duergar, one kind of facing away, one looking really surprised at the fact that you guys both appeared there. You have a surprise round. What are you doing? Okay. What's your save? 19, all right. Thunderwave, looking it up real fast just to make sure of the situation. Here we go. I would say thunderous force isn't a thunderclap,but it will make some noise. So keep that in mind. So, as you guys appear, you release Pike, you bring your arms up and slam your arms in a downward motion. As you do, there is a dull flash of light and a (boom noise) burst sound emanates from you. Both of the duergar, the one who sees you, who is bringing us his crossbow to fire, gets impacted and blown off the side of the wall. The one facing away gets blown up towards, slams into the side of the wall, right at the edge, and then topples over the side, both plummeting over. Brief Wilhelm scream. You're standing there, you watch this happen. As this is happening, both of the duergar come plummeting off the side of the wall. One manages to kind of loosely break his fall but the full 25 foot fall - he takes-- There’s one that lands just to the side of the magma pool that’s forming. He took some damage and is like (pained gasps) trying to get back up. He fell hard on one arm. The other one that’s further away from the magma, the one that saw you, managed to reduce his damage a little bit because it was aware at least you were there. Looks like it took some damage, but not too much. It’s maybe 10 feet from you. As he’s trying to get back up, he looks up and sees you charging towards him, Grog, raging. Go ahead and make your two attacks. 19 hits. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. So as he gets up, (grunt) he goes back for his warhammer. Before he gets a chance to, you cleave off one arm and send the axe right into the center of his torso, silencing him in an instant. He slightly spreads at the wound. (choking sound) This gurgling sound, and you just have to kick him off the edge of your axe. You have to jump over the lava to do that because he’s on the side you guys are on. He’s on the same side as you. He’s in the process of standing up, yeah. (laughs) Okay, all right, so… All right, so go ahead and roll athletics. (laugh) (laughing) It’s a long story! So, as the terrible blood spray occurs across the nearby pillar on Grog’s side, the other duergar is getting up with his crossbow, trying to get it ready. You rush forward. Go ahead and roll athletics. Okay. That’s okay. He rolled a 1. So, as the duergar is getting up, he goes - (grunt) You just run up and - boom! And he falls back - (hissing SFX) (screams) - and starts giving a horrible, painful scream as he’s essentially flailing in the magma, melting. Okay. So, as he’s screaming your Wind Wall shoves him further under the magma as he’s screaming, cooling the magma around him as the rock (cracking SFX) cracks around him, turning into black rock-- --his face still visible over the surface, going (choking SFX) in this horrible, almost Han-in-carbonite type of look at the top of the magma pool. As fresh magma now begins to pool over the cool, covering his face, you step away. However, the subtle sound of the Thunderwave and then the horrible screams of pain, you can hear footsteps coming toward the wall edge where both you and Pike are currently on. What are you going to do? Not from your current position, no. You’re just on a five foot ledge of the second story. It’s about 25 feet. You’ve got 20 seconds. Okay. So you grab her, (magic SFX) back down to the bottom. They reappear at the bottom. As you guys appear at the bottom-- --you guys hear footprints along the wall. They don't seem to have seen you yet. At which point there's this (grinding and thump sounds) sound of shifting rock. A giant stone wall juts out the side of the fortress right where the lava pool was pouring over the side. As it does, the lava pools on top of the wall and is offset, leaving a small gap where you guys can try to squeeze through. You can see, right underneath where it was, there is a stone doorway. It does not appear to have a handle or anything, it's just a stone door. It's right underneath the lava. Basically she put the stone wall out. It pours off. Uh, no. 22? As you guys are inspecting this, in the time you've taken to do this, both the duergar up on top have seen you, and are both taking shots at you. As they appear on the top, you guys who have your arrow and gun at the ready, both take a shot then they get a retribution shot. The door is not magical. It is a mechanism of some kind. 25. Percy? And you get 2 attacks each. So - (zipping SFX) 23 hits. Go ahead and roll second attack. Well, roll both attacks first. Hits as well. Oh right. Is this with the Bad News? You’ve got the Bad News out. Okay then, yeah. So you fire and then reload. Go ahead and roll damage. You're using the fire bowstring. As you nock your first arrow, (swoosh sound) it bursts into flame as it hits your fingers. 7 damage? Okay. I'm sorry. Okay. Okay, as both are going up with their crossbows ready to go, first one, Bad News - (gunshot sound) - with a cacophonous echoing gunshot that within this cavern, definitely carries some sound to it. And to some degree, suprise may be a little harder to find going forward. However, the shot hits the guy in the shoulder, knocks him off balance for a second. Not enough of a wound to prevent his next action. You, however, place one arrow into the other guy’s shoulder. He's dropped the crossbow. As he goes to reach for his other weapon, the other one just, right at the bottom of his throat, out the back of his head, and he just drops below the wall. The other one does get a crossbow shot off at you, Percy. That is a 23 versus armor class. You take 9 points of piercing damage. As the bolt just streaks you across the front of your torso. Passes through, thankfully, but you do feel there is a wound that’s slowly turning warmer beneath your armor. That's been the round. Now, you guys have been inspecting the door. The door is not magical. There is some sort of contraption that opens it from the inside. Go ahead and make a check with your thieves’ tools. A 29. You take a second and you find that the contraption that holds this door in place definitely is on the other side. It's a series of winches and a chain pull. You find that there is one slight gap where you manage to hook one of the chains, pull it out ever so slightly, and you know with a strong yank from a strong person, you could probably pull it out from the outside. Grog, you reach over and grab the chain, and Pike grabs onto the back of you and you both pull. Go ahead and make a strength check with advantage. 23. As you pull, you hear the grinding of this chain against the stone, (cracking SFX) and you can see the actual door begin to rise upward this way. Essentially. When it opens up, it moves the magma out of the way. That's how this construct is used as an exit. It's what I mentioned before. This is supposed to be an exit for the royal individuals of the stronghold. It only opens part way, however, because the stone wall currently blocks the rest of its movement. However, you can still move through it. Yes, there is one duergar still there. So that's been all of your guys' actions. We're bringing it back. Pike, you haven't gone yet. Keyleth you've gone, so the only one left to take an action is-- Yeah, he checked the doorway. He's up on top of the wall, about 25 feet from you. Huh. Sure. (all laugh) So using your spiritual weapon, you take a moment, you grasp your Sarenrae holy symbol around your neck, and as you pull your hand away from the symbol you see this glowing celestial rope extends out of nowhere. You begin to spin your fingers, and on its own, it begins to swirl and swirl. You then throw your hand forward and on its own, it cascades upward toward the edge of the wall. Go ahead and roll an attack roll. Using your spell modifier as the attack bonus. Total of 10? What'd you roll? Okay. The celestial lasso, which you don't get the feeling poison is something you could really muster based on your deity's central good-- I like it. However, as it heads over the wall, you see it does not find purchase on the duergar. It instead finds purchase on part of the wall. Yes, it is now a poisoned property. That would have been cool, unfortunate bad roll. That brings us to the top of the round order. I believe at the top we have-- Yes, Scanlan. We can give it a shot. So you conjure Unseen Servant. Mark off your spell use. You see a slight shimmer of ethereal energy behind the duergar. It's going to attempt to shove him. It isn't, unfortunately, on its own, extremely strong. It's mainly meant as an aide. However, it is possible. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Not your athletics, just make a d20 roll. You hear a (ting) sound as the duergar's armor is given a hefty slap, but no apparent force is placed upon its body. A little bit, but not enough to not be loading his crossbow for a second shot. Good thinking on that point. All right, a d8 inspiration die to you as Scanlan hums a little tune under his breath. You're up. All right. That's your first attack? That hits. So the first one you pull back, and as you pull back the actual arrow snaps. Yeah, you're gonna have a little rash there probably tomorrow. 8 damage, all right. Your second arrow manages to find its mark. As it sticks pretty close to where the first arrow hit, or where he was shot from the Bad News. The duergar just shrugs it off angrily, and aims his crossbow from once on Percy, now onto you. It's getting its shot at you. That is a 17 versus armor class. Nope? You manage to just dodge out of the way. You hear it whiz past your ear. That brings us to Percy. 18 hits. With a second (click), you pull out one of your custom made, nasty looking bullets, load it back into Bad News. You pull it back, aim up, and fire. And once again, you guys are seeing this weapon up close again. With each fire, it takes all of his physical body to not get blown off his feet with each time it fires. (thunder crack) A plume of white and ash-like smoke comes shooting out the side of the weapon. Nearby, you almost have to close your ears instinctually from the loudness of the shot. However, the duergar at the top of the wall, you see where his head once was just (wet impact SFX) across the wall behind it. All of you have made your way into the doorway. Trinket can fit with you, yes. You guys make your way into this tiny little room-- You're all very crammed in, to get anywhere. You guys all slowly push into this storage room. It's very musty. It hasn't seen use in quite a while. In fact, you can see a little bit of mold is growing on the side of one of the barrels in the corner. There is a doorway that is closed on the opposite side of this wall, and from what you can see, there is a stairway that curves upwards to the second floor. I think as you guys just entered the stronghold, we'll take this as an intermission break. So take a little over 10 minutes. We'll watch the rest of the videos here again, and we'll return as the party has just entered the Emberhold itself. Fantastic. See if we can squeeze the intro again, that would be best. All right, cool guys, we'll see you again in a little bit. (laughs) Welcome back, guys. Welcome back to Critical Role. And we have Orion -- . 2d6 damage to Tiberius. So, guys, for those who are keeping up two things, real fast. We want to thank Jacqueline Lassiter for the awesome food she sent for us. Seriously, thank you. A delightful, necessary treat after this game time. So, thank you, thank you, thank you. Also for the 2,150-subscriber mark, we're giving away this autographed photo of the cast. We'll send out to you. Some lucky person in the chatroom once we hit 2,150. Whenever that happens, that will be going to you. So, yes, returning to the game-- We're going to now look into-- We're going to look into possibly finding a way to get these shirts to you guys in the next couple weeks. Indeed. You guys-- Cool. I guess that feedback is good. The party had just managed to not-quite-so-stealthily pry their way into the hidden entrance to the outside of the duergar stronghold of Emberhold. They found themselves crammed into a very tiny, essentially a storage room, with a stairway leading up and a closed doorway leading further into the stronghold. So, what is your preference? Yeah, once inside. All right. 20? Best you can tell, the door itself is locked, but is not trapped. A 30! Which is good because it's a very, very intricate lock. There is a specific key, a single key that is designed for this lock, that you gather is probably held by King Murghol himself. Mur-ghol. (laughs) Yes. Uhura. Kumar. Shh. However, you do manage to find a series of intricate, strangely-constructed dwarven tumblers on the inside that each have a very strange, rigid structure -- (laughs) Please do that every time you pick a lock. You manage to get the right sequence, and with a slight - (clicking SFX) - clicking sound, (squeak SFX) the door opens slightly on the inside. Leading into what you can see is a hallway, that continues further down to about there. The door that you picked, if you wanted to walk through is right there. All of this is on the floor that you're on. All right. All right, cool. You are. Correct. Okay. Just a little bit. (laughs) As you peek through, you can get a general idea of what looks to be some sort of an empty storage room. A lot of materials have been moved out of it. It looks like the remnants of stone, things that were used for construction that once were in this room that have been pulled out to build things. Possibly moved as part of the war camp to start building some of the siege weapons that you saw above. Not currently. Roll a perception check. Listening, you hear footsteps above. You hear very, very faintly through the stonework about 20 feet above you - (thumping SFX) - some footsteps moving above. Apparently there is some level of alert on the second floor. No doorway here. This way? It ends. The hallway comes to an end, with a wall. Here? This is the one you just looked into that had this empty room that-- Down the one hall. Look past here there is a stairway that descends downward. Looking down - pardon me. Looking down this hallway, you see what resembles - there's a door to your left that's closed currently, and it splits off into two directions, right and left. Okay. Okay. Put Clarota there. You continue down the stairway, and as you slowly move around, you can see down towards the bottom a very faint bit of reddish glow-stone light and a hallway that splits right and left. Laura (whispering) We should go downstairs. Okay. As you look past the right - you guys are all waiting in the room? Anyone else? All right. As you move and glance over, you can see there are two duergar stationed on each side of the split hallways. One is a closed doorway to your right, and to the left there's an open doorway that leads into a room. Well, as soon as you went into where the division was, you turned to the right and there were duergar there, and a duergar on the left. There's a second duergar that is currently sitting in armor, weapon to its side. Just occasionally glancing in. You can hear, every now and then, sounds like a moan or a slight whispering gurgle, and the duergar will lean in - “Hey, shut up in there! 'Kay?!” Make a stealth check. 19? Let me go ahead and-- This'll be an interesting-- That's what I'm doing. Trying, at least. There we go. Oh, it is the book, isn't it? Stupid book. As you've made your way here, Vex [sic] you look to the right. There's the duergar here to the left that's shouting into this room here. You missed entirely what I was telling you. As you're doing this, you hear footsteps across the way echoing through the hallway, what sounds like a number of other foot patters heading through the halls-- --towards the front of the stronghold. Vex and Vax both disappear off to the side, down a hallway. Okay, you can give one of them Guidance because it's concentration. Okay. Yes. All right, who gets guidance? Vax. The one right here. Okay and you are? Go ahead and roll for this guy here. 17 hits. 27, all right. Go ahead and attack both. Both arrows on the guy on the right? Each? (shooting SFX) You both - (impact SFX) - ? Okay, cool. Damage on the one on the left? Which is sneak attack because he didn’t know you were there. The guy on the left, as he’s leaning back, he’s getting angry with whoever is in that room. As he turns back to take his post again, (swoosh SFX) (gurgling) he just gurgles, slumps to the ground. As he’s slumping, an arrow goes (impact sound) into his stomach. (everyone laughs) Yeah. And you are using the poison effect on him? Okay, that hits. Now roll damage. No. What is the poison damage? He does not make the save, even though he’s a duergar. Let me check one thing real fast. Check one thing. Okay. So, an arrow (impact SFX) into his chest just as the poison blade makes contact. You can see him (gurgling SFX) double over for a second, but the hardy duergar once-dwarven form seems to shrug off a lot of the poison’s impact. He is still dribbling a very heavy amount of deep crimson from his mouth, but he still (gasps) looks over and sees you both in the hallway and goes to reach for his warhammer and turn around towards the door behind him. You guys roll for initiative to see who goes first. So the rest of you are heading down there? Everyone else roll stealth checks. Stealth checks everyone. You guys both beat him on initiative. Roll attacks, both of you, just roll the dice. Okay. You don’t need to roll damage. He has like, 2 hit points left. You guys pepper him with additional arrows and daggers. The poor guys is like “Uh, I’m gonna--” (impact SFX, gurgle) He just goes down with this horrible sense of overkill, his body just slumps up against the door, leaning against the wooden door he was guarding. Both duergar. Stealth checks? All right, go team! That was with disadvantage? Because you’re in heavy plate armor. MARISH & Okay. Okay. You guys, all rush down the stairs (stomping SFX) the clanking of the plate armor as you're going down. The rest of you wince as you notice it, but you make it down anyway. So, the rest of you have made it down. In this hallway, there are 2 dead duergar on the ground. One with a closed door and one with an open door. You glance over into the open door, you can see what appears to be a series of dungeon cells held underneath the stronghold. Within these, you can see there are a number of dwarven captives that are in very, very, very poor health-- --that are currently lying down, unfed, gaunt. Okay. Okay, you guys enter. As you look around, there are a series of largely decomposed bodies in a few of these cells. They are people who've just been left to die. One, there are these kind of strange deep underground, rat-like creatures that are feeding on one of them. One of the dwarves is just wheezing in pain (moaning). You can see his stomach is a little distended. The other one is either unconscious, asleep, or dead. You can't tell. You can if you'd like. If you guys want to. So you go through. It's fairly simple over time for you to unlock the cells if you'd like, the 2 that are in there. There's a difference between healing magic and nutrition. You make them feel physically better for the moment, but their physical form itself is failing. They need food, they need air, they need to be out of here soon. They're both on the edge of death. You guys hear heavy footsteps coming from the stairway you guys just descended from. What are you guys doing? All right, all the doors are shut. Pike, anything you doing? (laughs) All right. Trinket barely hears you from way over at the side. He's coming into this room. Clarota just steps back, along the side of the stairs and out of view. A few moments pass as the footsteps slowly trail off. The other door is currently locked from what you can tell. (chuckles) (clicking SFX) You push the door open and you see immediately, the fast moving heft of some large blade towards your head. That is 24 versus armor class. That hits, all right. What would have been 20 points of slashing damage is reduced to 10. So you take 10 damage as the axe (impact SFX) hits you and imbeds itself in the wooden door, pulls back. Now you see as a duergar wearing this nasty-looking black leather tunic with a hood pulled back, with a giant, gnarled, hefted greataxe, words escaped me on that one, has a bunch of scars on its face. As it's grinning, it pulls the axe out of the doorway. Okay. As you throw the belt-- --he ducks out of the way, pulls back out of the way, as the snake forms itself. It goes ahead and makes its attack. Go ahead and roll for snake attack against him. Did you roll a 12 on that? Okay, that will not hit unfortunately. As he slaps it off himself and it (swish SFX) cascades off to the side of the room. At which point he kicks the door closed again. Now roll initiative, guys. Okay. You've looked inside, seeing a brief bit of the room. 25 to 20? 26, all right Percy. All right. 20 to 15? 15 to 10? 14. 10 to 5? 5 to 1? All right. Percy, you're up first. You are way back in this cell, and you hear a slam of broken wood and another slam of a door closing. Make an acrobatics check to try and move through this cluster of people here. 24. You leap over, vaulting off of Trinket, land and move into this hallway. And that's the extent of your movement. Okay, with the Bad News or with your--? Okay, go for it. Go ahead and roll damage. 9 points of damage. As the door slams back and you prepare yourself to try and kick it open, you hear the familiar (zoom SFX) of one of Percy's pepperbox bullets as the actual handle of the door (impact SFX) gets blown off and there's a small hole in the wooden door now where its handle once was. The door swings open a little bit loosely due to the impact. That ends your turn. Vax, you're up. As you pull it open, the dwarf backs up over what you can see now, this room is completely covered in a series of really nasty, hooked instruments. Hot irons, you can see large pincers-- --you can see various blades. It's a torture chamber. (all groan) You see gently as he backs away there is someone on this rack-like table. The dwarf backs up with his axe getting ready. All right, that brings us to Tiberius. Acrobatics check. You've got to move through people. The area is congested. Small spaces, man. Downside of a big party. 22. You manage to move through, push the bear out of the way. Move, Trinket. Get out the way! You manage to make your way, squeeze past Percy. All right, Tiberius, what do you want to do now? You don't have visual on the dwarf currently, the dwarf is back-- As you run through the hallway - which you don't know there's a dwarf there - you rush out to the hallway after hearing all this commotion. You look in and there's an open door into a room that's currently vacant. You don't have enough movement to get close enough, unfortunately. A wondrous use of an action. Keyleth. You are currently in a cell with a dead body draped over you. (all laughing) In your mouth, the body stirs. It wasn't quite dead. Well, you wanted a dead one. It is now. So, you now have a dead, gaunt dwarf, hanging from Minxy's mouth. (all laugh) Yeah, there's some PTSD coming through. Make an Acrobatics check. Because you’re still moving through this clustered hallway with a dead dwarf in your mouth. You're fine. You manage to push through, you're leaping through. You actually shift Tiberius out of the way. This is a very small space, you're a very big cat. You're really pushing for space here. It's very, very tight quarters for you, you're like - (struggling SFX) You can't see him from your vantage point, he's actually back out of sight. You don't know there's a dwarf there. You just know there's some sort of commotion going on. You move around the corner and you see just an empty room. All right. Vex? All right, Grog, it's your turn. Oh no, you get inspiration dice for this whole set up. 1d8 inspiration dice. All right, you run in. Yes. Okay! Oh, that's nasty. Okay then, so for the-- (laughs) All right, so go ahead and make an athletics check. Yeah, against his 7. You rush in and with your first attack, you grab him, lift him, and you can see there's a series of giant meat hooks hanging from the back of the wall, and you just lift him up and (impaling SFX) shove him down onto the hook which protrudes from the front of his chest. (gurgling SFX) You do. That's 12 points of damage and he's currently restrained by the hook through his chest. Okay, make an attack roll. (laughs) Go ahead and roll damage on this. For flavor, roll a 12. Why not? You're pulling his jaw. After you throw him onto the hook, his axe clatters to the ground and he reaches up with his hands to grab you and it looks like he's pulling back to try and bring you in for a headbutt. This angry look of burning rage in his white eyes, this fucked-up duergar with all these scars on his face, as he reaches up towards you, you take your giant hand and jam it into his maw. With this horrible (choking SFX) sound, as you put all your muscle into it, glaring him in the face with a terrible grin you (breaking SFX) and yank the jaw off from the bottom of his head. A spatter of blood across the front of his mouth and his tongue dangling, he gives out this horrible (gagging scream) this gurgling scream as all the blood begins to pour up into his throat. With that, clutching the jaw with one hand, you begin to pummel him in the face over and over, with his jaw, as he's watching, his head slowly cave in. Until eventually, he's no longer moving and you throw the jaw to the ground, just coated with blood. As you've entered the room now-- Oh, he's very dead. He lies there limply on the wall, twitching every few seconds. Grog, still in a rage, you look over at the other individual. You can see now strapped to this wooden frame is a smallish humanoid, female, currently chained and being pulled on a rack. You can see bunch of scars and wounds, blood pouring from each one of them. You can probably figure it out with a tinker. It's chains holding her on. Okay. Go ahead and make a tinker check. Proficiency bonus. 12? You take a moment and you manage to find where the winch to this machine is, where you can go ahead and release the tension and eventually the chains go a little more slack and (gasps) the halfling woman takes a deep breath and looks about the room a second, looks like there's a bit of a haze, but through the haze there's this constant anger and she looks down and goes “So? Are you gonna let me go? “Come on! Release these chains!” You can indeed. This is an insight check. It's a very small room, only a few people can make it in here. At this point, it's pretty apparent that whatever this woman is, she's been here a while and has been subjected to many, many horrible things and still has that spark of life to her, mainly out of vengeance, anger, and pain, but she does not seem to be overtly aggressive or trying to deceive you; just trying to get out of these fucking chains. What's that? Arcana check? To...? Best you can tell, there's none. She's pretty rough. As you look up, she's not clothed. Her body is just a spray of scars and gashes and rake marks. She's been tortured to an extent you hadn't seen in person, and to still be tensing her muscles against the chains and looking at you with this intensity, if this is indeed Lady Kima, you now see why she's made the reputation she has. The fresher wounds seal up, the blood flow comes to a stop. You see her muscles tense for a moment - her tension in her muscles relax for a minute. She looks to you for a second and says, “It's been a while since I've heard a song. Thank you.” Go ahead and roll damage. You don't have to roll to hit, it's right there. Well, there's one chain for the legs, one chain for the arms. (gunshot sound) The legs get free. (gunshot sound) The chain mostly snaps on the top part, but not quite enough. It's enough for you, Grog, to- You reach over and bring it down, with a brief moment of extreme tension as the whole room watches Grog walk up with his axe and swing it down towards this halfling. Before you have a moment to stop, everyone's heart skips a beat. The chain is bisected-- --at which point the halfling woman immediately jumps to her feet with almost like a kip-up stand and is now standing on top of the table. Her arms are still bound and she - (groans) You can now see where the metal was weakened from the axe blow. She (metal snapping SFX) pulls herself free from the metal binding-- --there's a blister across her wrist, from how long she's been pulling against these restraints. But she bore through it, with a little bit of blood that trickles from that wound. She has freed herself and she looks around the rest of the group. “So, I take it you're not from around here?” She grabs it from you, pulls off the cork and just starts chugging like she hasn't had anything to drink in a long time. She caps it off after a moment and takes a deep breath. “I'd hoped she would. It was foolish of me to come down here so unprepared. “Just knew there wasn't much time.” (chuckles) She looks around and says, “Look, we don't- it's a story. I have no--” And she kind of points to her pretty much unclothed, unarmored form, and says, “I need to find my implements. We need to get out of here.” What armor were you offering her? Oh, the studded leather. She goes, “Sure, it works for now.” She takes it from you and starts putting it on. You see her wincing as she puts it on, as it covers some of the wounds. Her whole body is just sore, but she still pushes through it. Okay. As you do, she takes a moment and she says - You heal her and she goes, “Can I-” She sees your mace and goes, “Can I borrow that for a second?” “Please?” “Your mace, please.” “Do you trust me?” “You've come this far.” As you hand it out, she grabs it from your hands-- --walks to the edge of the table-- --stares at the dwarf that is currently hooked onto the wall. (angry yell) And with a yell, slams it right into his face, causing his head to explode against the back of the wall. Slams it again and again and again, and is just making hamburger of his entire body. The arm sloughs off and she's just going nuts. You can see her bludgeoning over and over again with a spray of gore on her. And there's this look of anger, frustration-- --and a sick sense of joy a little bit in her eyes in how she's just tearing this dwarf apart. Eventually, after this frenzy, you're all taken aback, and she takes a moment. (heavy breathing) There is very little left recognizable of what once was a duergar. Okay. She takes the mace she borrowed from you. (splatter sound) As she begins to hand it back to you, there's a slight flash of radiant energy that emanates from her hand, and it burns all of the blood that currently encapsulates the mace off, and hands it back to you. “Thank you. I needed that.” “If you want to part with it, certainly.“ “I have no idea. “They're either in the vault or they're in the armory.” “As far as I can tell, my--” She thinks to herself for a second, and goes, “They are divine implements, gifted to me from “an avatar of Bahamut directly. “I feel, to leave them behind would be a partial failure to my quest. “Not to mention, that what we may face beyond this, “we'll need every bit of help we can get.” As you show the back of that card, she gives you a look and smiles and says, “Ah. It's good to see that your scale of color “does not belie your intent. “That is a face I've not seen for some time. I thank you.” She leaps off the table. “So.” (sighs) “Shall we?” “I can show you.” Your shame has been sufficiently buried. (laughter continues) She doesn't look at you, but she pats you absentmindedly as she passes you, her direct intent on heading back up those stairs herself. “Greatsword.” She takes it from you, and the sword is a little over a foot taller than she is. Maybe a little more than that. But as you hand it to her, she still takes it, and you can see-- --she is a built halfling female. She has seen some war, and she has survived some shit. Kind of, yeah. She glances over her shoulder at you, and says, “Later. We have nothing to celebrate for yet.” One of the ones that was semi-conscious-- He sits up and looks at-- (laughs) That's fucked up. Sits up and looks back at you and - (ragged breathing) “Thank ye. Thank ye kindly.” He takes it hungrily through the bars and just starts eating it, incessantly, as you leave. Lady Kima's already up the stairs. (disgusted groan) Velveeta! All right. Clean this off here. As you move up to her, you notice she's standing at the bottom of the stairs with a tension, staring up at the top of the stairway, where Clarota is looking down at her-- --and backing away, and she goes-- “Who is this filthy--” Without taking her eyes off of Clarota-- She looks back over - (laughs) “Are you to tell me that you've come down here “and allied yourself with an entity that is the anathema of the Mountain?” “And for what purpose? “You think they don't have plots lined out for weeks and months--” “--there is no trust to be had with these creatures.” “And with him you will never get out.” “And have you not thought for a second “that perhaps all of you are being manipulated by this creature?” You can see the greatsword now flares with divine energy and she goes, “I will not stand here and let us ally ourselves with this filth!” Her attention divided from Clarota, now tends towards you. You go ahead and make a diplomacy check. Or a persuasion. Persuasion check. 12. Okay. She walks towards you, and with each step, you can see the color of her eyes begins to vanish, giving way to an extremely bright, burning, silver light. And she says-- “Listen. You come with me. Without this creature! “Or you continue with it, and without me.” “I will not walk beside this. “I have had its people devour mine since I set foot in here. “This creature, whatever its reasoning is, is not in your best interest. “It will lead you into a web of your own destruction! “I've seen their kind work.“ Clarota, at the top of the stairs, you can see his tendrils in his mouth curl back in a sneer, his hands crossed before-- --Clarota says, (gasping, breathy voice) “Listen. I am not going to walk where I am not welcome. “I will not wake up with this--” “--woman's blade in my back! We made a deal.” Kima turns back towards you, the same glowing flare in her eyes. “I've come here to rid this mountain and this continent “of the darkness that resides deep within the bowels “of this thing's city!” Clarota settles into itself for a second. “Ah, I've come to destroy this creature K'Varn and free my people.” She looks towards you and says, “Free his people, he says. “What do you think will happen once his people are free? “Shall they let us walk out on our own?” “You know so very little of these dark caverns, my dragon friend.” “These entities I watched steal the very life essence “of the men and women I hired and travelled with “for weeks down here. I watched them capture them, “and devour their very minds before me, “and laugh and cackle as I fled into the shadows.” “Oh! Understand; whether or not K'Varn “controls them to give them direction, “they are of that type of mindset at all points. “They do not hope society will thrive. “They do not want us free peoples to walk the surface. “They want us for food.“ “So you walk in here, save me from my binds, “under the words of my dear, lifelong friend Arcanist Allura--” Make a persuasion check. Cleric flail! Unfortunately, it's too late. Once the roll-- Right, right. And because of that, the DC has been considered. She takes a moment and steps forward. She's a few inches taller than you. And she looks at you, and says, “He of the pretty voice. “I am grateful that all of you have come and traversed “all this danger in my name, to free me “from the binds that have held me. “And I do wish, very much, to walk alongside you to this end. “And I understand, it may be very well possible that this thing “has taken your minds without your knowledge. However--” And her eyes close for a second, and she opens them again, and that radiant spark of silver fades, and her normal eye color returns. “We see ourselves with little choices. “And I have very little allies at this point to achieve my goal.” “If we are to travel together, this one must walk in step the entire time. “One single misstep, and I will not hesitate “to carve that head from your body in the name of Bahamut. Clarota, hands still crossed, takes a step down the stairs towards her. Its tendrils in its mouth kind of-- (slurping SFX) (breathy voice) “And please, understand, “if you ever intend to try and cut my life short, “I will also not hesitate to bore that beautiful mind from your skull.” (laugh) She looks back at the rest of you and gives you all an understanding look and a nod and she says, “I pray that you are right. I pray that you're honest “and I pray that through some strange will of the gods, “this entity is telling the truth. “Because if it's not, none of us will make it out of here alive.” She doesn't notice this, as she steps up the stairs towards Clarota. Clarota steps back, hands up in front, this little spark of arcane energy forming in his hands. Clarota [sic], bringing the sword up in front of her, pushes Clarota aside and continues ascending back up the stairs to the first level. (offscreen thump) Clarota puts the hands folded back together. (unimpressed huff) (breathy voice) “Shall we?” And walks up the stairs after her. And you all begin to ascend back onto the first floor and that’s where we’ll end the game for this evening. (Multiple groans and exclamations) (chuckles) Depending on where you guys are going next it could be a bit of a lengthy encounter, so... It's totally empty. There’s nobody in there. No one has any idea that you're here. Oh, Grog. No, Kima is a halfling. You can go back if you want to. This would be pretty quick, you have to grab some things as everyone is heading up the stairs. So, Pike, the war priest, however, who the light of Sarenrae has guided her through her life, once a gifted being of light and joy, upon coming to the edge of death, her soul taken from her form and returned, going at sea and traveling with some of the more rough and tumble folks of the landscape, has returned now with her mind bent on war, vengeance-- --and what it means to win a battle, through force if necessary. Watching Pike rush off and going to gather up what appear to be two large, bladed hooks-- .--a lengthy hand-razor-- Two large, pointed hooks that are about two feet in length. Almost like a bladed jai alai. And you gather a small bag of various instruments that are rusty and nasty. There is just some leather pouch and you put that in your bag. It's all you have time to grab before you have to bolt back up to get to the rest. And we'll pick up the next game as you guys head up the stairs back into the hallway you first entered in the center of the Emberhold duergar stronghold, Lady Kima released and a very tentative alliance. So, thank you guys all for watching. Hello, Zac! Yeah. Oh, that's awesome! Right, right, that's okay. Conman93, thank you! Marilyn, thank you! A123Junior, appreciate it, buddy. Poltergeist123, yeah. All good movies. First two. Yeah MisnurMenfrishunsen. Thank you. Nice, Axis. RuzGofDi! Thank you guys so much for donating! Really appreciate it. Thank you, guys. Yeah. That's awesome. (Cheering and clapping) We might just do that. Awesome. As if there was appropriate Cards Against Humanity. I know. It's part of the fun. And we're every Thursday, 7 o'clock, 7PM Pacific Standard Time. Usually we run about 2 and a half, 3 hours, our game sessions. So please come watch every Thursday. We love to have you guys. Exactly. Exactly.