Hello everyone and welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role. Before we kick things off we're going to do the videos in just a moment to intro as we're waiting for a member to arrive. But before we get started tonight we have a couple special giveaways getting all the subscriber counts we can get. First off if we hit 3500 subscribers tonight we're going to be giving away a player's handbook signed by the cast of Critical Role, a dicebox, and one of these fantastically reconstructed horns of Orcus torn recently from forehead of the mad beholder K'varn. We actually have two of these available tonight as part of the giveaways. The first one will be at 3500 the next one at 3550 with the same package The player's handbook signed by everybody the dice box and one of these horn props which were made for us by the incredible KommissarProps. This is Kai Norman. Kai, want to come in and say hello to everyone? Show off your good work here. Show off your good work here. It's a good start. He's a talented guy. He's providing these for us for the giveaway tonight totally on his own and he's also going to be helping us with future possible prop stuff for the game as it progresses. Indeed. So we have those at 3500 and 3550. If we get to 3600 tonight, you'll get the t-shirt signed, a dice box, a starter kit and we'll stay after and play some more Just Dance. (cheers) Also want to give a big shoutout to -- we might have a bunch of new folks from imgur today -- someone put up a really cool post about us on imgur and a lot of people saw it, so those who came through that, hello, welcome, you're gonna sit in and watch a bunch of us silly folk play Dungeons & Dragons, so it should be fun hopefully. Welcome. In the meantime we'll go ahead and roll the videos, we'll get some history on some of the characters and we'll be back here in a few minutes. Welcome back guys! We have some interesting aspects of playing tonight Orion Acaba will be here shortly, he's currently stuck in traffic. Unfortunately we will not have a Sam Riegel tonight, due to his schedule. Laura Bailey and Travis Willingham, our loving Grog and Vex, are out of town in Florida but are Skyping in via modern technology. We're going to try and make this work. So we're getting this figured out. They'll stay in play as long as they can. They are three hours ahead of us. To be fair, we have friends across the coast that get up at 4am to watch this You should hang around long as you can. (strange monkey noises) We can't hear you right now. (strange monkey noises) (more monkey noises) So as they're figuring this out guys. We'll let you know, we've already hit our first milestone for subs. Well done. So we'll get that sent out -- (sighs) It's alright. So -- Our next giveaway is at 3550. And we will give away the second and only other horn, as well as the rest of that package. And at 3600 we're going to do t-shirt signed, dice box, starter kit and we're going to be dancing for you afterwards. Let's see if we can get that by tonight. Also, want to give you guys a heads up, we've wanted to get some confirmation to you guys about the episode releases after the live show. Because we have a lot of people who watch the show who can't watch it live. -- archives immediately. However -- -- volume. So you can look forward to episodes up on the Geek & Sundry website every Monday. That's the scenario. So. So, for those of us who -- They were sent to retrieve a paladin named Lady Kima of Vord, who was on a vision quest to stop some dark evil that her deity Bahamut told her was existing beneath this mountain range, and needed to be squelched. They managed to convince to help them as well, fought their way through the tunnels, past the Duergar army, eventually to the underground Mindflayer colony of Yogg Voril where they found that this entity called K'varn. This was then eventually revealed to be a mad beholder, K'varn, who had been pseudo possessed and given additional power by the Horn of Orcus, a great and evil artifact long forgotten, which had been found by this entity. So they managed to make their way into the temple, kill K'varn, tear the horn from it's forehead, however found themselves swarmed immediately by an entire colony of mind flayers heading toward the top of this temple. They managed to battle and battle, nearly losing a few party members, and through some ingenuity, escape through the top, glide over the city of Yogg Voril through this underground chasm to a distant embankment along the beachside of this underground lake. And teleport their way back to their base city of Emon. So they've come back to Emon, they've come to their keep, Greyskull Keep, and they've had an evening of rest. Upon waking the next morning, they've managed to get some breakfast, they've freed Lady Kima from her stone entrapment as she was turned to stone during the battle with the beholder, and had a conversation based around what should or could be done about this Horn of Orcus evil artifact. So here we will pick up again from that point. So the rest of you guys have eaten your meal, Kima hungrily doing so. All of you guys both sore and exhausted having barely seen sunlight for a little over a week and being probably the first or second good meal you've had since leaving Kraghammer proper. You all finish your food, Grog hungrily so, double the size of his normal intake of delicious meats and starches. Tiberius has not seemed to have woken up or found his way down from his room as of yet. However, you guys did recently receive a rolled up piece of parchment. A notification from the council of Tal’Dorei, saying that you have been requested to the council chambers at some point this afternoon, around the mid-day sun, to discuss your return and the situation and conditions about it. And that was all it said. She's unstoned, you've already had the conversation with her last week talking about the horn, basically interrogating her. You were playing coy with it but you -- Yes, Grog returned with it and you guys had the conversation basically saying ‘Oh, it's safe, don't worry. It's fine’. Grog at which currently has it in the bag of holding. No you just said you have it somewhere safe. Correct. Turn them up a little bit. Oh, I see. Yes. This is the new attempt at technology with our out-of-towners. Yes, you have received it and you've inspected it. He's going to crawl under the table. There you have it. As a couple hours have passed -- You've just now come down after many hours of breakfast have passed. It's now pushing around 1100 in the afternoon comparatively, and Tiberius comes storming into the main dining hall of your keep. No, you just stayed in your room and did it on your own. Scanlan is currently in the room eating breakfast Yeah. Scanlan looks to you and thinks for a second and goes He cracks his fingers, expectantly. All right. Can you guys hear us fine? Just making sure. Feel free to chime in whenever. That's our Grog. As our wonderful giant, now filled with various forms of delicious food matter warm in his belly, gives a string of various curse words in enjoyment, and sits up from the table with a loud fart and you guys make your way out of Greyskull Keep. Lady Kima is with you, yes. Is there anything else you want to do or are you guys making a beeline for the palace? Okay. Anything else? Nuh uh. Got you. It said around the noon day sun. It's probably about 30 minutes give or take. Okay. Everyone else go with them? So you guys trek your way towards the northern edge of the Cloudtop District. You round about the series of very nice, fine marbled houses, finely crafted stone. This is the affluent area of Emon proper. It's in the secondary city wall, which of course the upper echelon of merchants and those who have money are offered the secondary form of defense against the town being sieged at all. Give it a couple hits? (Vax nods) And she swings the door opens and runs forward immediately to you, the first person that's there and she gives you a big hug. Her eyes are opened. You can see how honestly eager and happy to see that everyone's here safe. She turns over to give Pike a big hug. She makes her way around the rest of the group. She turns around and takes your hands, Keyleth, into her own and gives you a nod and a small hug. Goes to Percy and gives you a hug. Goes to Tiberius and gives you a big warm hug. And as she turns around, she sees standing behind the rest of you, there's Kima. There in her now freshly cleaned golden armor that she polished over the evening so she doesn't smell of Duergar sweat and blood anymore. There's this moment where they both look at each other quietly. And then Allura steps forward and says, And they both just run and give this big embracing bear hug. She lifts Kima up and there's a slow spin. You can see this very very strong bond of friendship before she eventually puts Kima down and takes a little bit, she holds her hands for a second. You can see a tear running down Allura's cheek. And Kima sheepishly turns her eyes to the side and says, What?! (all laugh) Your assumptions, dragonborn. (all laugh) (laughs) And Kima says, Then Allura turns to the rest of the group and says, At which point, Kima says, And Allura starts heading back into her tower and says, And Allura starts heading back into her tower and says, So as you guys all walk into her tower, you remember it untouched from your previous entry here. It's a weird moment to step into a tower that you were once in as it crumbled and folded on itself, to see it as if nothing had ever happened. There is not. You guys step into the center of the room and she's talking to herself for a moment, saying She guides you all to the center of the chamber. Once again, there's that large stone platform in the center that has a number of the inert runes carved into the stonework. As you all step onto it, she taps her heel against the bottom of it for a second. As she does, all the runes glow with a bright flash of blue and a familiar sensation as that circular platform begins to lift like an arcane elevator, up the center of the tower, going up one, two, three stories. And as you're going up you're seeing certain sections of wooden library shelves set up at odd angles along the top of the arcane tower itself. You can see there are small stairways that lead off into doorways that seem to almost exit into the sky. You can do that. Go for it. On Allura? Best that you can gather, she looks like she's a bit groggy, having slept in recently. But she seems extremely excited you've all returned and seems eager to catch up as far as what has transpired since last you met her. You do hear, as soon as you arrive, it sounds like the whistle of a tea kettle in the distance. At which point, she says, And she begins to walk over. She lifts her hand and you see a small drift of arcane energy as her mage hand goes and lifts, takes the water off of it's burner, and begins to absent mindedly mage-hand various teacups out of a large cabinet above the little kitchenette area. At which point, everyone's looking around, Kima, amongst the rest of you guys, says, Allura, who is now in the process of pulling chairs over and setting up a small sitting arrangement, a semi-circle, and says, She gives a slow, knowing look about the group. And gives a nod like, 'I acquiesce to this, that's fine'. At which point, as you say that, she does this with her fingers, and all the chairs rush in underneath you guys. And you're put into a sitting position. As you all sit, she begins to slowly mage-hand over each one of you a freshly poured cup of tea. And she sits up for a second and walks over. And you can see she looks back at the rest of you and brushes her hand for a second. A sphere of darkness appears in the corner of the room where you can not see an entire part of the room. And she sits there and hovers. Just a little pocket of darkness. You hear some rustling. You hear some rustling. The sphere of darkness finishes and you see she's holding a sack of coins, that you don't know where she picked them up from. She steps back over to her chair, sits down, and says, She hands it out to Vex's eager palm. It's very heavy. With her 9 strength, it sags. Internet. There's a slight pause before the actual sound of breaking glass hits your ears as the teacup that she's holding shatters across the stonework on the floor. She looks over to Kima, who does this with her shoulders up. Kima gives her a nod and says, She gives a sheepish grin and a slight shrug in her armor. Allura looks to the ground for a moment and says, At which point, Allura raises her hand and says, As you guys make your way back down through the tower, you eventually venture through the castletop district in front of the palace. The guards stand there with their long, red, velvet cloaks and their brass breastplates. They recognize both Allura and you as you approach. They step aside, put their spears toward the steps, and give you a grand entrance to the front of the palace. So you're led over to the council chambers, which, as you enter the main circular room, you're brought into the nice hardwood floors, the dark forest green colored walls, these long tapestries which recall various battles of history and broad mountainous landscapes showing settlers making their way across dangerous terrain. You can see various weapons from different civilizations that were brought up as gifts to Emon that have been mounted on the walls as presentory atmospheric decor. And in the central room, you can see what currently stands, the entirety of the Tal'Dorei council, in a hushed discussion. The council, of course, has at the center, across the table from you, Sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei the Second himself. The leader of Emon and the current Sovereign of all of Tal'Dorei, this section of the continent. You see him with his characteristic dark hair, with greying sides, cut shorter than you recall. Looks like he recently got a trim and some very well kept facial hair. He's wearing his ceremonial robes which are the same gold and red color as the armored soldiers that greeted you at the front of the palace. Next to him, you see Lord Riskell Daxio, the elven male who helped you guys handle the purchasing of the keep when you were awarded that at the end of your last journey. He's the Master of Trade currently within Emon. You can see he has long strawberry blonde hair that is pulled into a tight ponytail to the back. He wears darker clothing, more for decoration than actual use. His armor seems to be loose and more decorative. Next to him is Guardian Tofor Brotorus, which you've heard of but have not met before. A female dragonborn paladin. Guardian Tofor Bratoras. T-O-F-O-R. Bratoras. Her name's been mentioned before but this is the first time you guys have actually seen her in person. It's a female dragonborn paladin. She is adorned in full, silvered platinum plate. That has currently carved multiple symbols of Bahamut, the Platinum Dragon. As she looks up and notices, you can see she gives a hand up, a symbol of greetings towards Kima. As Kima also gives her hand up and they both touch the front of their armor in a symbolic holy way, they both being followers of Bahamut. You immediately make that religious connection between the two of them. She looks across at the rest of the group there that she doesn't seem to notice, eyes meeting with Tiberius. This is strange. You haven't seen very many dragonborn at all within Emon, and as soon as she meets your gaze, she gives you a look of deep, deep stinkeye. She seems to spit the words almost, and sits back in her chair. The rest of the council's talking amongst themselves and hearing this slight discussion. Next to her there is a halfling male, in a ranger-ish garb, wearing what looks like some really fine chain shirt, with a thick dark black cloak. He is shaved bald with tattoos on one side of his face, and he introduces himself. He gives a slight nudge to Tofor. He extends his hand towards you, almost like alleviating the tension. At which the sovereign finishes discussion with another human which you have not met. He is a built and armored individual, stands probably the tallest of the entire group, thick square jaw, unshaven. At which point he puts his hand on the sovereign's shoulder and says, He sits down in his chair. Allura finds her side of the table and gestures the rest of you. All right. Most faces are blank. Allura has her hands on the table, listening intently. As you say illithid, you do notice that Seeker Asum Emring, the halfling, immediately sits back in his chair with a look of 'oh, snap'. Allura looks at you strangely. I know. At which point the table gets extremely uncomfortable, suddenly. As everyone steps back, Kima steps forward. She's kept to the back at this point, and says, At which point the sovereign lifts a hand up to her and says, At that notification, you say the name Orcus, and you can see there's a whole energy shift in the room at which point. A lot of furrowed brows drop to intense. The actual air of the room seems to go still for a moment. From what you can see, Seeker Asum and Tofor both grit their teeth and lean forward as you say this. Tofor says, Tofor "You said Orcus?" At which point Kima steps forward and says At which point the Arbiter, Braum, steps forward. Arbiter Braum "If you think there's possibly a way "to destroy this, we need to discover this here. "We cannot allow it outside of the midst of this, "to some chaotic winds and whim of the world around us. "We have the walls of Emon to keep it safe. "Why not take it to the Lyceum." That was the sovereign. So which individual, the Arbiter? Okay, Arbiter Braum. What'd you roll? Ten? Sure. Thirteen? Okay. Starting the game off strong guys. I'll text it to you. Eleventeen? A total of 17? On which individual? Okay. Arbiter Braum. Okay. I'll say in a general feel about the room, but the arbiter specifically, There is definitely a very quick rising in tension, fear, and adrenaline in the room at this conversation. Fear is the main thing you're getting. I wouldn't say that you sense any deception. You just sense that the stakes have just suddenly jumped from what they were expecting their morning to be. They're trying to wrap their head around it. So nothing too particular catches your shit radar. As Grog speaks up for the Arbiter, he says, Arbiter Braum "I'm not saying we leave it here. "I'm saying that while we have it here, we have it studied. "Bring it to the Lyceum. "The headmaster and his entire research facility "could possibly find a way to destroy it. "There is no finer arcane focus "than that lyceum in the city. "They're responsible for the construction of our sky ships. "And the crystals that keep them elevated." At which point, Tofor the female dragonborn sits up in her chair and says, Tofor "Regardless. It should not stay here in my opinion. "Understand the longer it resides within Emon, "the more word will spread. "And more despots will be drawn to our city to claim it. "Do you wish to have all the darkness of this land "slowly swarm in on the city?" At which point the sovereign who's been kinda quiet this moment, says, At which point Allura takes a moment and says, At which point as she starts saying this, the rest of the room shifts uncomfortably. You can see Tofor begins to raise her hand to protest. Allura shuts her down and says, She looks to Kima. Kima nods her head. Kima raises her maul and says, At which point the sovereign speaks up and says, Wet willy. To our little gnome bard. We miss you Sam. At which point, Kima scratches her chin for a second. At which point -- At which point Allura stands forward and says, At this point Allura sits forward and to the rest of the group, says, At which point the group leans back for a second and Kima goes, Shoots a dirty look a little bit to -- Sure. Allura's saying, Thirteen? Best you can tell, Allura's really hard to read. She keeps up her smile but she definitely has her intense face on. She's deep in the moment. No real gives one way or the other. The rest of the group looks around and Arcanist in the silence goes, She glances over to the sovereign. The sovereign nods. Then he gives a laugh and smile to raise a bit of levity in the room that nobody seems to respond to. He looks to Lady Kima and Kima says, Kima steps back a little bit, Kima "I defer to the rest of you." All right. At which point everyone gathers the rest of their papers, their parchments, they're rolling up scrolls. The Arbiter gets up and lumbers his way out of the room. The seeker, Asum, steps up to the rest of you with a final handshake. SEEKER He seems strangely nervous. But in a weird way, he's a gentle hint of fanboy. He slyly winks back on his way out. She's bigger than usual. Allura stands up and begins to leave. The sovereign stands up and as he stands up the guards come out and they come to his side. Yes. For the sake of this conversation, I'm going to ask you to roll a deception check. The Sovereign gives you a look and says, He tells you, As you present it, he walks by and one of his guards takes it from you and gives you a nod. The rest of the council Kima and Allura are near you. At which point, Kima looks at the rest of you and says, She looks to Allura, questioning Allura. Allura says, Yeah, they're the only two who have stayed behind with you guys outside of the council chambers. At which point-- did you wish to respond in any way? At which point Kima looks to you, at what you just said with curious worry. (laughs) At which point Kima laughs to herself. Kima who does not have an accent and did not say it that way. Too many NPCs in my head right now. She says, Kima, you ask this and she gives you a look of confusion, and then… She already a darker complexion for a halfling but her cheeks grow noticeably ruddier. She averts her gaze and says, She averts her gaze and goes, She still is looking away. She looks away and looks to the rest of you. Looks to Allura. Looks to you again. And then goes, She leaves the group and continues down the hallway. Quick steps. Allura chuckles to herself and steps into the place where she was and goes, And Allura smiles and motions towards Kima. You feel a gentle slap from some unknown arcane force across your cheek Grog. And Allura gives you a stern glare. Anyway. She begins to step up the hallway. As she steps up the hallway, you can see there's a light yellowish glow about her form. Then with a sudden flash of white light, Allura's just gone. All right. You guys exit and find your way, exiting the palace and the cloudtop district to make your way to Abedar's Promenade to enter and reunite with your good friend Gilmore. Oh, it's giveaway time. (Background Snuggle Lord, Snuggle Lord) All right, we hit our next giveaway so we'll do that first. All right, we hit our next giveaway so we'll do that first. (Background Snuggle Lord, Snuggle Lord) All right, so we have -- There you go, there is Snuggle Lord in his glory. No, she can see it though. Go set it up. So hold that thought, until he starts it. The word will be KommissarProps. These horns will be yours. and definitely go follow Kai on Instagram and on Facebook and definitely go follow Kai on Instagram and on Facebook because he was awesome enough to make these horns for us. So Instagram and Facebook, that's where all the pretty pictures are. You and RhymesWithOrange can be the two keepers of the two horns of Orcus and bring ruin to the entire world of Exandria. So that could be you. Anyway, we're taking a break. We'll see you guys back here in a little over ten minutes and we'll continue as they head towards… Gilmore's Glorious Goods. All right, I gotta prepare. See you soon guys. Ember72, congratulations. You get to have this one. It’s awesome, really stoked. We now have both of these horns given away. And while these are the only horns of Orcus that’ll be out there, our fantastic propmaster over here, Kai, Kommissar Props, will be working with us in the future to do more Critical Role-based prop giveaways. And once again, definitely check out his work, he’s an amazing fabricator and propmaster. These are the only two that’re gonna go out. Yeah. We’ll see somewhere down the road. If we want to put out more stuff, we’ll see. But right now these are just an exclusive giveaway. Excited for those two guys. So everyone once again for Rhymeswithorange and Ember72, congratulations on those bits. Helping friends out because they do awesome work. Congratulations on that. If we can get to 3600 we’re gonna be doing some dance after the show, so hopefully we can hit that subscriber number tonight. Plus giveaway. Plus the signed t-shirt, the dice box, starter kit, so. So you guys, you make your way outside of the Castletop District into the center of Emon proper. Returning to Abedar’s Promenade, which is the largest central section of the city, where most of the merchantile itself seems to have gathered and been a serious conglomerate where all business in this city happens. Those who would like a quick little visual idea of the city, this is Emon. Yeah, we’ll have it too. Anyway, the Castletop District is here, the inner portion. You guys have made your way out south to the Central District and then towards Abedar’s Promenade, which is right over here. So you guys would’ve gone this way, actually. So you’re out to Abedar’s Promenade in the far eastern side of Emon, where you eventually find your way to the outskirts of your favorite purveyor of arcane mystical artifacts. Shaun Gilmore himself. So as you guys -- Yeah. Shaun Gilmore, but you’ve always called him Gilmore. No one’s on a first-name basis with Gilmore. Gilmore is Gilmore. Except for maybe, maybe Vax. All right, so Vax wills Vex to wink. Vex, do you accept this wink from your brother? All right. Perfect, there you go. Perfect. We’ve lined it up. As you walk across the main thoroughfare, you make your way to the wide but single-story building that is Gilmore’s Glorious Goods. Of all the various shades of brown and red and brick that makes up all these buildings, Gilmore’s Glorious Goods is presented in fine, deep blue and purple fabric and a paint scheme that would look like the worst funhouse to enter. Worst or best, depending on your opinion. The entranceway is not a door but a series of hanging beads and large cloth drapes that are gently falling to be brushed aside as you enter. It’s not as big as you remember, or recall, seemingly. But as you step through the front door you remember why. Much like the TARDIS, the interior of Gilmore’s Goods is bigger on the inside. There is a magical enchantment based within this building where the interior is actually a two-story and much larger place of business. Immediately the smells of incense and fine perfumes assault your nose -- Like a terrible medieval Sephora. A series of magically flickering ever-burning candles adorn sconces along the walls. You can see there are glass cases set out in the center of the room, there is the long wooden bar on the far end which has itself its own beaded curtain that is closed, and there are three employees of Gilmore’s Glorious Goods in their ceremonial blue and purple robes that match the exterior, staring about while there a number of other possible customers that are looking about. There are numerous bookshelves along the walls. You can see there is, next to the stairway on the far left side of this floor, there is an herbalist who specializes in dried herbs and sales in that regard. You haven't been to the upstairs yet in this complex. But you now are standing back in the comfortable, although slightly offensive to your senses, interior of Gilmore's Glorious Goods. He's not currently visible. He's not visible. Not in the main room. (laughs quietly) All right. All righty. So? On the far back side, there is a very long, well-crafted dark wood desk that is adorned with what looks like small alchemical components, (package crinkling) with what looks like small alchemical components, glass tubing and -- (package crinkling) Be a little louder with those Red Vines. I'm good, thank you. We're good. You can see there are a number of glass containers and small corked vials -- (laughs) It's all right. There are some books stacked up. There is a small, embedded glass case that seems to have a couple of items that are under a purplish-maroon, velvet piece of material that's currently covering them. There is that beaded curtain with strips of material that block the back room. No, not currently. It is just an empty desk. There is a bell. As you hit the bell, one of the employees who is helping somebody looks around and goes, What you see is a half-elven woman with thick spectacles who is currently stepping over to try and stop you. However, the beaded curtain swishes open with the grandiose gesture of one slightly meaty hand. Stepping out in his fine, gold-trimmed, purple robes, his longish thick, black, coarse hair pulled into a nice ponytail. Smoothly-shaved face with a slight hint of a braided goatee that dangles about three inches from his chin. Yeah. He's handsome. Gilmore's a very handsome gentleman. I would say he's not fit and muscular. He is a handsome, comfortably jovial gentleman. Kind of. Imagine him with a little more paunch. But very charismatic. Open chest to his vest, with a number of gold chains and medallions that dangle around. It's almost like a wizard's track suit. (all laugh) No. (all laugh) He immediately looks and goes, He immediately rushes to the edge and leans over the counter to give you a grandiose hug and actually lifts you off your feet. Much stronger than you anticipated. He goes, He sets you down next to him behind the counter and gives you a big hug, his strong wizard arms around you. A scent of what's almost like fine herbs with a hint of patchouli enters your nose. He looks genuinely perturbed and embarrassed by the whole circumstance. And he looks about the rest of you and says, He gives you all a look over. He looks over at the same half-elven woman who was trying to stop you earlier. She gives a look like, 'what's he going to say?' No one's ever asked him this question. He goes, The same woman, her shoulders droop. So Sherri looks at the rest of you as they leave and goes, She adjusts her glasses. She goes behind the counter for a second and ruffles through some stuff. Goes in the back room and comes back out with a wooden crate, pretty much. You hear the glass jangling inside as she moves it and sets it on the counter with a ting. They all eventually come to rest. She goes, She looks at the price book, going through. As I go through my price book. She pulls them out of the crate and slides them across. They are thick, very heavily-made glass vials with these small glass handles on the side. You can see the interior. The liquid itself is a reddish purple, almost blood color, but there's a gold sheen as you shake it in the light. You can see there's a spark of divine glow to it. Kind of. It's the worst of healing Goldschlager. She gives you the blank stare and goes, Roll a persuasion check. MARISHA, ORION, AND Fourteen? She goes, She brings out her arcane calculator. And she pulls out the six that are there and she kinda slides them over the counter to you. One tips over but she catches it, leaves it there at the far end. She pushes her glasses up and looks vastly unimpressed at the presentation. And she goes in the back room, rummages around for a minute, comes out and she presents two of them. They have a clear liquid that looks almost like dirty water, and they’re like thin little vials, she goes, And she takes them -- She gives you another look of like, ugh. She adjusts her glasses. Make another persuasion roll. This is my new fan dice. It’s awesome, thank you. It’s a good thing. She gives you a look and goes, She leaves for a second, then comes back and goes, She folds it and places it in a little cubby on the side. She leads you up the stairway to the second floor. The second floor itself is just a series of glass cases that are leaned at an angle. In these cases you can see there are different items just laid out, small labels at the bottom with She leads you across, she goes, You can see there’s a small case that has along this purplish velvet pillow, a bunch of different rings set out. She goes, The equivalent of a ring of protection +2. And she points over where there is a thick leather belt with like three straps across that looks highly well made with what looks like square runic carvings on the side. It is 5000 gold. It gives a plus two bonus to AC and saving throws. It has three charges and it regains 1d3 charges per day. When you fail a dexterity saving throw while wearing it, you can use your reaction to expend a charge and auto-succeed on the saving throw instead. Good for people who have low dexterity. It gives you resistance to psychic damage, so anyone does damage that is psychic-based, you take half damage. She looks over at him for a moment and goes, She goes back downstairs and comes back in a moment. She presents two small boxes that contain small colored wax things. You can see on the outside it has a picture of Gilmore, and he’s doing this, and it says Gilmore’s Glorious Colored Sticks. It’s one of the layers of the Abyss, it’s like around -- About layer 943. Goes back and looks again at her magic calculator, I’m an actor not -- Exactly. Do we know how much that was worth? Has Scanlan looked at his sheet and found what it’s worth? There was the diamond also that was repaired in the mending wheel. Oh no, we lost them. Redial, redial! Magical sending stone. Answer your Facetime. Vex! We’ll come to it. so I’m just gonna keep doing this, as you were. She continues on, showing you through, she goes, She goes a second, there is a big, thick leather tome. That’s okay. And she produces this like -- (Facetime noises) She produces this fine brass cap that has intricate swirling runes on it and what looks like a small set of ears that are pushed on the sides so when it fits on the head it looks almost like a smaller head on top of yours. She says, She pulls out this thick, leather armor that has a brownish-blue trimmed hue to it and goes, She takes it and shifts it for a second, you can see a little bit of smoke plumes off of it, smells sulfurish. She goes, She pulls another dark cloak off the wall. This one looks like it’s made of dark fur, but as she shakes it you can see these two little tendrils are on it. They like wiggle about, these little spiked edges to the tendrils. She pulls up from this small box, she opens up the top lid. And you move to the side, going through the armor section as well, she goes -- Then she goes to what looks to be a series of weapons. She brings forth a very fine-looking dagger, that has -- And you still have money you haven’t collected in Kraghammer, too. There’s money you still haven’t collected in Kraghammer. Lord Nostoc Greyspine, you guys made a deal with him before you went down in the pits. She has all the money. So we’ll just keep track of what you guys spend and bring it back to Vex, your treasurer. And she’ll be really angry that you guys spent all that money. So she presents this dagger to you guys -- So she presents this dagger to you guys -- Yep, you did. You guys spent quite a bit on the keep. All right. Essentially, on a critical hit on the attack roll -- (all cheer) Yeah, ten. You got ten grand from Allura and you currently have a floating -- Yeah, 25,000 gold is still owed by Lord Nostoc Greyspine. As she pulls out this wooden case, she pulls back the wooden top to it. As she does, you can see there’s a little bit of ice crystal that’s gathered along the interior of the wooden case. There inside sits a short sword, a relatively thick short blade, but the blade itself is like a blue, almost glimmering metal, and there’s actually a rising frozen mist that drifts off the blade. She adjusts her glasses again. And she grabs the -- You can’t wear armor. She starts going through her -- You pull them out of the bag of holding. She takes a few and she takes her glasses off and then pulls out from a pocket this intricate-looking, multi-lensed tinkering viewing device and inspects it very closely. Puts it away in her pocket and goes, Puts it away in her pocket and goes, And the dragon scales themselves are about that big each, they’re about the size of a peach. Dragons are big, especially this one. Pulls that again, looks over it. Make a perception roll. Or not that, a persuasion roll. Timing is everything, folks. Timing is everything. That’s a keepsake for actually slaying a dragon. You’re welcome to trade that. It’s worth quite a bit. That was the white dragon. That’s the one that you got the final blow on. That’s the one that you got the final blow on. Anyway. They rolled a ten. She says, As you pull out the basilisk eggs, you pull it out and immediately there is a stench that is emanating from these eggs that have been in your bag of holding for probably close to eight or nine months. This is now the fourth time she’s looked at you with a deadpan glance and adjusted her glasses. Timing is everything. This has now turned into the flea-market episode. Hey, you guys guide the story. It’s fun though. We’ll get to that right now. Starts putting everything into a small layaway pile in the corner. In the meantime. In the meantime. for their man-date, we can go see some sights. Vax. Yes. Gilmore, who has sweeped you out into the middle of Abedar’s Promenade, takes you by the arm and begins to lead you happily up towards the Erudite Quarter of Emon, which has a secondary wall around it as well. As he brings you along, he talks happily and loudly about how, As you guys step into the Erudite Quarter, he’s now brought you into essentially what is an outdoor botanical garden that is just a very nice walk. Grass across the ground, with fine well-cut bushes. There is a canopy of beautiful trees that are arcane, through arcane means, twisted and sculpted to form this long tunnel. It’s strangely romantic. As Gilmore begins to walk you down, there’s a fountain to the side, and he says, He looks you deep in the eyes, pats the top of your hand, and goes, About an hour and a half, time passes before eventually there’s a loud clattering at the front of Gilmore’s Glorious Goods, where a laughing Vax and Gilmore come stumbling in, flush of face, with emptied goblets, laughing to themselves. Is there anything specific before this moment that you wanted to ask -- He collects himself for a minute. At which point Sherri, waiting in the back, says, He looks about the rest of the group and says, But you don’t have a number. It was a combination of the dragon, the horde you rage-looted -- Scanlan goes, And smacks Grog in the side. The two of them leave off into the evening to go ahead and make use of their return to Emon properly. He steps forward and says, He pulls out a small implement, this wand, and he flicks it over your shoulder. And all of a sudden an arcane swirl around your armor, with a big flash of sparks and glitter almost. You look down and there is, emblazoned upon your current armored form, a symbol of Gilmore’s Glorious Goods now permanently emblazoned on the leather. You don’t have the amount of platinum with you. Grog said, because he doesn’t have it in front of him, he has around 150 platinum. That’s roughly 1500 gold. It’s in the bag of holding, but he doesn’t have the bag of holding information in front of him. Yup. Because he said in memory it’s 150 platinum. That’s only -- Oh, no. Hundred thousand you’d be the richest man in the fucking world. So 150 platinum -- --based on memory is 11,500, which is a little helpful. No, we’ve got you. Is that right? There you go. 16,000 gold pieces. Ten gold per platinum. A thousand platinum. One thousand six hundred platinum. Move the decimal point. That brings it to 16,000 gold pieces. No, it’s not 100 gold per platinum, ten gold per platinum. We’re getting into math in this. He snaps his fingers, Sherri comes and presents all the items that she had currently in a little stowaway bin off to the side of the desk. Brings them out to the rest of you and places it on the counter. Gilmore immediately snaps his fingers and a contract shows up. He writes up the numbers exchanged, making note of his business, passes it out. He hands you a quill. Takes your coin, slides you, and you now have this entire batch of magical items to distribute as you see fit. And from that point -- Okay. He goes back through his beaded exit to the back room and leaves you to the rest of your-- --at which point Sherri goes, She goes back up, leaving you guys alone in the main chamber as a couple of other customers start walking around. All the money’s gone. You spent it, guys. That’s true, you didn’t open the line of credit. Check on your class, you might have access to it. Let me check here for you real fast. That's the older version, they've changed a few things. They don't do it too often. Let me double-check. Cleric has access to all simple weapons. The sword is a martial weapon so you cannot use that as a weapon. That's great. I'm glad you guys are enjoying watching our-- -- Laura and Travis are taking off, guys. MetroCon in Tampa. So if you guys want to go see Vex and Grog in person and you're in the Florida/Tampa area, go to MetroCon this weekend and say hi. Thank you guys. Thanks again for the chat that bought us dinner tonight, it was amazing and delicious. Thank you so much guys, you're amazing every week. So we're going to go to donations.