-- tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. We are down one Sam, unfortunately, tonight, so Scanlan will be Jaeger-piloted by Keyleth and Percy over there, and Pike is still in New York, but in trade, we do have Rothfuss joining us this week via Skype. (cheering) It's beautiful. Cool, so before we get into the game tonight, let's go ahead and do our announcements. First and foremost, we are starting with our first official sponsorship of the year with the return of Lootcrate. Thank you so much for being amazing supporters of the show and we're excited to get started. Liam, you wanted to talk about this one? 9PM tonight. Rockin'. We can't talk about the taint theme. That doesn't happen until April. There are some inclusives. So anyway. I also wanted to give a shout-out to Blue Mics, Blue Microphones, they have been fantastic and sent us a bunch of new equipment here to start upgrading the audio quality of our fantastic show here and us personally, as voice actors, I myself have used Blues for quite a long time for home auditions and I'm hoping that the one that now sits before me will give you a little bit of a better boost from my usual audio. So thank you guys so much, Blue Mics, for helping support us here. If you're interested at all in checking out their awesome audio equipment, you can go to them at bluemic.com. That's B-L-U-E-M-I-C.com. Thank you guys. Laura, you wanted to talk about stuff? Please bring them back next week and show us. Aww. Stop it. Next thing I want to announce is there's a convention coming up in February called Anime Milwaukee, February 17-19, in which me, Marisha, Travis, and Laura will be in attendance as guests. So come join us for an awesome Critical Role panel, we'll have signings throughout the weekend, our other panels about voiceover and other elements of chaos. So if you're in that area, please come and say hi. Bring things for us to sign. Dress warm, just in case. Anything else anyone wishes to discuss or mention? Patrick, anything you wanna mention? That is February 17-19. So yeah. Come see us! So look for a bearded fellow with sunglasses and a hoodie at the convention. Well, cool. Thank you guys so much. Now that our announcements are done, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [no audio] [dramatic music] Yeah. Sure. It's fine, as a cleric, you have access to all the cleric spells. No, no, no. That's kind of the benefits of the cleric and the wizard, is they have a larger breadth of spells, druids as well. She's taking Power Word Kill? So. If you guys wanna get your-- any attunement changes you want to situate for the coming party company move. You guys have also taken some time to inspect the other items that you received from the treasure hoard. Boots to Keyleth, and this to whoever, the hammer. It's a warhammer. Like an actual giant. Yeah, it's Thor-hammerish. Does require attunement by a dwarf. If you have the Belt of Dwarvenkind attuned, you can attune to the hammer as well. But only under that condition. If you unattune the belt, you have to unattune the hammer. Yes, that as well. I forgot that on the card. Well, that one I don't think requires attunement. But she will not have her Boots of Levitation. Or no, she will not have her Sprinter's Boots. Sprinter's Boots will be replaced by those. It's a choice to make. Sprinter's Boots do require attunement. I'll have to double-check the card from her. I don't know if they do. It's up to you. The process of a giant, armored gnome to change out her boots is gonna be-- it's not like a quick, it's not pressing the 'x' button in your inventory. Essentially, yeah. (laughter) To necrotic. Okay. Technically yes? Well, it's 20 feet and then 60 feet is the second range increment, so if it's longer than 20 feet, your attacks are at disadvantage. But you can still attack. Then it would be no more roll, and then everyone gets advantage against you. Love the dice that rolled that treasure hoard. Is there anybody else that wanted to-- To the Dwarven Thrower? Okay, so the Blood Axe goes away. Dwarven Thrower's out. So, just so you're aware, the dice roll on that is a d8 to do damage, as opposed to a d12. Okay. That is-- Grog has that, actually. You have to attune to it, yeah. But yes, Grog does have the sword. Yeah, you only have two things attuned. You do, you can. So Grog pulls the sword out from the Bag of Holding, and as he reaches and extends it towards you, you feel this sudden almost like a sudden burst of headache at the back of your mind, and you stop for a second, Grog, and you look at the blade. And there across the metallic sheen of this gorgeous scimitar, you see this image begin to seep through and look at you. It's this female-like face, very faint, a reflection-- But the teeth are fanged, and you see what looks to be almost like a swirl of snakes around the outside. At that moment, you feel that burst of headache in the back of your head grow extremely strong, and you drop the blade out of your hand, and you guys watch as Grog falls to his knees, just clutching the sides of his head. The sword, as it hits the ground, it clacks. The blade almost immediately rusts and turns into a dark, dull metal. The gems crack and turn to dust, and what now lies there is an inert weapon. You get the sense, just 'cause you've seen a few things like this, that this was actually an inherent curse within the blade, and it just took a moment to dig itself into Grog. But the source of the curse is expended, and Grog, you are permanently at -2 to all of your saving throws. Correcting my mistake from the card last session. This was me completely either misreading or mishearing it last time, as the internet let me know that was the card drawn, I want to make sure that we stick to what was drawn. I think Grog has a way to get rid of headaches. Yes. Well, until a god takes it away. Grog is clutching the side of his head. Pike just came up to you and asked you a question. What do you want to try? It's true. If it's a curse, I mean, there are a few things that can usually take care of a regular curse, but she doesn't understand the nature of this curse. It's a 5th-level. Okay. So as you guys are finishing this conversation, Grog and Keyleth, Pike walks up and holds her gauntlet out, her giant, awesome, monster-ogre gauntlet. As it begins to suddenly emit this bright white vibrant glow, she touches the front of your forehead, beckoning you to bend down to try and get rid of the headache. You watch as the healing energy surges through your body from head to toe, and as it passes through you, the light fades, the spell is spent-- that's a 5th-level spell she used-- and the headache remains. (groaning) There is no divine magic that can do anything about that either, Grog. He has chainmail. No, the cloak can go over armor. It's actually made from the flesh of a displacer beast. Just a legendary ring like you do. Just note, with the Ring of Invisibility, you remain invisible until the ring is removed, until you attack or cast a spell, or until you use a bonus action to become visible again. All right, there you go. Thank you, Siri. (laughter) All right. So. What else do you guys want to prepare, if anything, as you wake up, come to consciousness-- I mean, if Pike wants to prepare a Heroes' Feast, Pike can cast it. Gilmore had a few items that basically turned into a Heroes' Feast, but he lost his shop. Heroes' Feast. It is, I believe, 6th-level, I think. Yes, 6th-level. All right, so. Mark your diamond that you recently found in the hoard, marked off, as Pike prepares a long wooden table, summoned through divine magic, that contains a fantastic meal of all the classic Westruun comfort foods, instilled with the power and guidance of Sarenrae. As you spend the additional hour to eat and drink and gain the effect of the spell, you become immune to poison, immune to fear, and you all get an additional 2d10 to your maximum hit points, if you want to roll that, Laura. Yes. Well, this is for everybody. Everybody gets this amount. So everybody gets 15 additional hit points. It can feed up to 12 people, so yes. That would be Kerr as well, and Allura, and Kima. Well, you're immune to fear and immune to poison. Wisdom saving throws. All righty. You reattuned to your Bracers of Archery? Cool. All righty. So. It's either a creature or location. Only one way to find out. As far as you know, when you create a sensor at a location, creatures that can see invisibility can see the actual scrying location, the orb itself that you create, the magical orb of which your vision appears through. But that's the only thing you would have to consider. Make a perception check. You find a few separate pieces of what look like quartz-like rock that line the sides of the road and the exterior garden of the castle, and upon trying each one, not as salty as you'd hoped. They're generally just bits of whitestone or rock. I mean, you get a hint of salt, but it's gone after the first lick. After licking it a few times, it gets a little shinier, yeah. Okay. So go ahead and mark three quartz rocks. Roughly. Some are a little bigger. The center one is a little bit like a basketball size. Don't judge his collection. All right. As you guys are preparing, Kima and Allura catch up to you guys. They've gathered their materials and they're prepped for battle. Kima's fully armored. Oh, Allura? She's wearing one of her many ceremonial robes that she does for presentory Tal'Dorei Council work, but you see she has a hood up over her head, her hair braids are tied together behind her neck so they don't get in the way. You notice that there is some really nice jewelry that's adorning the side of her neck. The staff she carries with her usually is relatively simple, but you see now that there are a number of runes carved in a spiral along the sides of it. You can see a number of rings that she previously wasn't wearing that are on, and her face is hardened, and you see that she-- where normally she has this air of keeping the room-- almost a teacher or parental-type presence in the area, there's an intensity and darkness to her face that you haven't really seen before. Not since at least the attack on the city happened. (sings) And Kima. All right, guys. So. They've arrived, and Allura steps into the room, her staff clicking across the stone floor of the castle. "All right. Have we put all of our affairs in order?" They come in towards the beginning of the casting of the Feast, and they eat as well, yes. "So. How best should we arrive? If you have the ability to bring us through the tree, or I can "teleport us there." "As far as the advancement of spell strength, a Teleport spell in its own right is the "seventh sphere of magical incantation." "Sounds like a wondrous idea." Kima rushes over and takes the stone from your hand and goes, "All right, I'll give it to "her. Be right back." She jogs off. You hear the (clanging) of the armor as she disappears So. She takes them and is like, "Not really my style." "I'll take 'em." And you all wait patiently for the next six minutes as she unbuckles and pulls off the rest of her lower armor and gets the boots on. No. And you can see it gives her a twinge of disappointment. The expansion just came out, so it's like all epics and one green that's better than the rest. Yeah. That's the worst. (laughs) All right. With you all gathered there, Allura, hood still up, kind of nods. "Keyleth, lead the way. To the Sun Tree, then?" "Very well. (sighs) Let us hope that we return here tomorrow victorious." She swirls around, her cloak spinning around her base as she follows suit after you, Keyleth, the rest of you make your way, marching down the front of Castle Whitestone to the center of the town, where there you see the faint elements of green bloom now growing across the tree from where once it was bare, the season bringing a sense of spring and summer that have been kept at bay for a while. And for you as well, Percival, this is the first time in a long time you've seen the Sun Tree showing that growing life. All right, so what are you focusing on for the receiving end of this? With the second scrying that you did with Allura, which was just specifically the Island of Viscan, you did see a number of trees not far from the rocky protrusion, the small mountain that seemed to be the place where this laboratory's in. So yes, you can choose one of those trees you saw that would be large enough to do it. (laughing) Well, first roll a stealth check. (laughter) 14. The not-stealthy-at-all Keyleth slowly approaches you. You see her. You make eye contact. And yet she still slowly crawls up and begins taking a big whiff on your shoulder. No. He smells of frustration, disappointment, and worry. (laughs) All right. So do you go ahead and cast the spell? All right. Okay. So as the shadows coalesce around your bodies, your legs, your knees, your feet, you watch as the front of the Sun Tree suddenly splits open to reveal the pathway through across to what looks to be a partially ruined jungle. You all step through the tree quickly before the portal slams shut behind you, and as you guys emerge, looking about, you can see what looks to be a lot of heavy dirt and earth that-- there's spatterings of sand throughout, and surrounding it immediately, you can see there are different trees throughout this kind of-- some points are lush green jungle on the outside, and the further in you go, you watch as the trees have all withered black. A little ways over the treeline, you can see maybe a quarter-mile off what looks to be the top of the mountain that a brief instant of your first vision in your Scry spell lent you towards. It looks like it's a radial effect from the actual mountain, yes. You want to go ahead and take a look? Make an investigation check. (laughs) You can't recall the color, really, that they've become, but it's not alive. It takes a Wish spell to get rid of that, unfortunately. No, he didn't find anything. Sure, go for it. Okay. As you guys begin to walk through-- it's not a very dense jungle. Okay, so make stealth checks as well. Yes you do, so plus ten to all your stealth. All righty. And a natural 20 for Allura. And, actually-- I rolled with disadvantage for Kima, and it was like a 16 and a four, but then she had the boots on, so the first one sticks. Nice. So, stealthily, you guys-- what did you roll? Grog? With the plus ten? Okay, well, Kerr, what did you get? A spell that she had cast on all of you. As you guys fan out in this-- (computer chime) As you begin to weave your way through these trees as quietly as you possibly can, Keyleth, you step behind and run your fingers along some of these withered grey and black fronds and branches. All these trees look like they had the life force pulled from them, almost like a very, very rapid starvation, or thirst took them, but what's interesting is a lot of these trees are near-petrified and have been this way for a very long time. It's not a recent occurrence. Kind of, yeah. But a sadder version, if that's possible. They're all like "ehh, I'm a bad tree." You don't know that much. The fact that you knew the name and a little bit of the history was even impressive by the standards of everyone here. What little you do know is that he was sent away specifically because of his inquiries into how far you can reach with necromantic magics, and lost history from the Age of Arcanum. The Age of Arcanum was the epoch before the Divergence, before the Calamity hit, and not a lot of history exists about it, a lot of it was destroyed either during the battle, or people destroyed it thereafter to prevent us from reusing what led to that sort of conflict. But Opash apparently had gathered, or at least was in the process of trying to recover, some of that information. Hundreds of years, yes. There does not appear to be any new scarring that you can tell based on what you've seen so far. Go ahead and make an investigation check. If it's dragon-related. All righty. There are no dragon tracks. Yes. Go for it, sure. Yeah, this would be investigation for you, sitting down and getting close and looking throughout the dirt. 11? You do find tracks, but they're scattered and they're small feet. Looks like some indigenous creatures or wildlife that exists on this landscape. They were all little, yeah. As you guys push through, Allura looks up toward the boughs of the dead trees. "While you were preparing, I did some research on this island, and it seems that there "were an indigenous people that lived here before Opash came. Thousands that made seaward trade "routes to the north and the west, and when he made this his home, the indigenous people were never "heard from again. It is believed by many who fare the seas that this land is cursed and is to be "avoided for that reason. This forest, one of the superstitious points of that reasoning, there are "a few that come through hoping to scavenge or find things from his lost whereabouts, or his own hoard "or treasures he may have garnished in his time, but few of those return as well." "Well, if this was the lair of a necromancer, an entity that is both selfish and "driven towards the personal power and advancement of their own narcissism, I can imagine that they "are very well protected with their secrets. The fact that this abode was taken by Thordak before "he made reign upon the southern side of the continent... who knows what happened to Opash?" "Yes. Up until he began to wander onto the continent of Tal'Dorei." "The gem we created. Me, Kima, Drake. As far as we know, if any of her stories can be believed, "Raishan was responsible for the rituals that embedded it within Thordak's chest on the "Plane of Fire during her time with the Fire Ashari. Once again, as much as we can believe." "Let us be careful. Press on." Investigation checks from both you guys, if you don't mind. If you're looking for traps specifically? Investigation. Okay. Pushing forward, you guys-- Sure. In a very Laura Bailey "how much can I get out of this roll?" I know, I know, I know, I'm just messing with you. So as you guys push forward, you, Vax, notice that the further in you go towards this mountain, the trees, still dead, grey, are even further withered, and many of them have just turned to ash and dust. And the closer you get, the actual treeline grows thinner and lower as it seems like the closer it gets to the mountain, they're bereft of most of their structure. You do, Vex, catch as your brother is moving forward, he is stepping towards a section of the earth and sand that has slightly different texture, ever-so-slightly from the rest, and he's but a few feet from stepping into that space. What do you want to do? You look down, and you-- It looks almost like-- It looks like the difference between sand and slightly damp sand. The coloration is just ever so faintly-- I mean, it looks different from the rest. There's no mechanism there, you don't see a pulley or a-- It's avoidable. It's like a ten-, 15-foot oval area. Now that you've identified that, you've come across a few more patches, and they seem to grow more dense as the trees grow more withered and gone, until you get to a point where you can now see the base of this mountain. Make a nature check. 22. These are less siphons, they're more what looks to be-- it's a phenomenon known as hollow earth, which is when subterranean caverns go into collapse. It can create a sinkhole-like phenomenon, but hollow earth generally is based on some sort of magical release, an explosion of magical energy beneath the earth that causes-- even though there is no space, it erodes the earth from its magic presence, whether it just completely disintegrates or destroys portions of the earth, it leaves this very, very unstable portion of ground. You're not entirely certain what it'll do, but it's not good. Okay. As you take the rock and throw it into the sandy pool, it lands with a little bit of dirt being kicked up around it and sits there for a rest. The rock then goes-- it just falls underneath, and you can see a spot in the ground, perfectly shaped where the rock was, that is now just-- They are not leaning a specific direction. Yeah, and it isn't like there are were leaves or anything blown off of them. It just looked like they gradually just died rapidly in place. Yes, you can, and you guys maneuver around these spaces to get to the base of it, and it's a moderate-sized mountain, nothing impressive on the outside, it's maybe 600 feet tall at its apex, it's more of a large, rocky mound. Make a perception check. There's nothing in here. Why do I keep trying to sip? But what's your bonus to perception? Okay, so close. You guys being at the front of the party anyway-- As you guys scoot forward, being ahead of the rest of the party, you glance across the surface of this, and most of the rock follows the familiar pattern of tectonic shift that's broken and cracked in places, but it's been, over hundreds and thousands of years, just settled into its natural state. There is one section of rock just maybe 200 feet from where you are landing at the base where it looks like the texture, the natural lines of the rock, is in a different direction. And upon you heading in that direction, you can see, now, what it appears to be is a large rock, very large, maybe 20, 30 feet wide, that is jammed into an entranceway. Kind of. There are a number of strange holes peppered over the surface. About the size of a-- larger than a gold piece, each hole. Possibly? You have to check it. Investigation, okay. Thank you, sir. So. Are the rest of you guys following up behind them? Okay. Between the two of you glancing, you notice that each one of these holes is actually a pierced intrusion upon the rock, something very quickly jammed itself into the rock to create this hole. And they're clustered in places. And you, with your experience, these claws are respective to the size of a very, very, very large dragon. And it looks like different-- some of them are more weathered than others. This boulder has been placed and pulled back and placed many, many times throughout the years. You guys are hanging back. I mean, the boulder is larger than the entranceway that it's jammed into, and you're not entirely certain what the inside of this cavern mouth is, if it's just a direct intersection point or if it's a gradual influx. You can just try and push through at one of those points if you'd like. They already checked. It did not appear to be trapped, just a very, very heavy rock. I mean, you'd have to go around the entire mountain. Oh, maybe at full speed, hour and a half, two hours? This accounts for you flying, stopping, checking, flying, stopping, checking. You can't just check for traps while going by at 50 feet around. Are you gonna scry? Okay. Yes, you can. All righty. So, using your Divine Sense, let's see here. Okay, so you spend your time just focusing, making sure there's nothing either in or in the immediate vicinity of the rock boulder that could be of celestial, fiend, or undead nature. While you spend a spell slot to do your Primeval Awareness. So yes, you do sense what appear to be three sources of dragon life force within the space. Roughly in the direction of this mountain and below. I believe it's-- For that one, it is for one minute per level of the spell. And it's within one mile, up to six miles if you're in your favored terrain. It's not wooded anymore, so it's one mile. So you know at least they're within a mile. Was that in character? So what's the plan, guys? Yeah. Okay. So what are you giving him? How do you make the pouch the shape of cards? Make a sleight-of-hand check with disadvantage. Go ahead and roll a perception check, Grog. The trade is complete. She hands you your deck of cards, she takes her Parapet of Wound Closure. If you pull the right card, yeah. So, feeling satisfied that your imploring of Vex and a trade you've made, your shiny package of happy cards are back in your possession, but you promised, at the moment, at least-- While she's right there in front of you, yeah. All right, so. What are the rest of you doing in the meantime? Okay. So, using Stone Shape, you can-- a section of stone no more than five feet in any dimension, and form in any shape that suits your purpose. So. You can make a small passage, as long as it is no more than five feet thick. The wall and the stone are both thicker than five feet. You can begin to make a slight passageway. You can create enough of a crack with your spell, as it completes, which, mark off your 4th-level spell, but as you create it, you do manage to pierce, and you can look into the darkness of the tunnel behind, but through the full use of the spell, you create this kind of tunnel intrusion into the side of this mountain, and you only get that much of opening. Okay, perception check. Keyleth in The Descent. Okay. All right. So you pull back the arrow, you fire it through. The arrow-- go ahead and make an attack roll. You fire the Oracle Arrow at just the right angle where it doesn't hit any of the walls, it just arcs off straight, before it eventually begins to curve. And what you do as you pass along with this arrow, with your Darkvision, you can see, down the tunnel there is no light source. There is a layer of untouched dust all across the ground, and interesting texture the further in you go. And then eventually, about 100 feet or so in, the tunnel begins to curve to the left and descend before the arrow lands and sticks into the rock there, splintering a little bit, and your vision now sits there with the arrow. There doesn't appear to be any movement. It is silent and pitch-black. From what you could see from the arrow rushing past it, yeah. It's about that big, yeah. You could reach your arm through. Essentially, it's like the edge of the wall of this tunnel and the rock were kind of jammed together, and she punched through just enough to push past where the rock and the wall had hit, and it created this slight opening, but there's still a bunch of stone there. Okay. All right. (creeper hissing) I mean, it could be, but one spell's already been spent. But it would work. Make an investigation check. 17. Looking around as they're having this conversation, there's no switches, but you do see fingerholds, like big, dragon-sized fingerholds, like something grabbed it and jammed this boulder in there. "Yes?" "Will it damage the sword?" "You ding it, you pay." All right, so who's doing the leverage? Okay, well, the size of the sword, at most it's going to be one person assisting the main person. Which would be Pike assisting Grog. All right. So as the rest of you guys get on the other side, Grog, I want you to go ahead and roll a strength check. With advantage because of Pike's aid on this. 23, okay. As you guys get on the other side, before you even start getting into position, Grog already begins to pull back on the sword. You watch as Kima keeps glancing over her shoulder like (worried noise). Waiting for it to just snap. But the large rock, the boulder begins to shift ever-so-slightly. You watch as dust and other small pebbles begin to clatter down the outside of the rock. You all get on the other side and, all together as a group, everyone else make strength checks. Straight strength, so add your strength modifier. Okay. Okay. So you manage to get about a foot and a half-- Okay. So Trinket's also pushing as well. There isn't a whole lot of surface area here to really aid, it's mostly on you, Grog, and you manage to get about a foot and a half wide before you pull out the Immovable Rods and Kerrek, and anybody else who wants to help, you manage to jam them into two of the finger-holes, and as soon as they lock in, you can release the weapon and it's just enough to hold it in place, although it is slowly moving. Each rod can only hold 8,000 pounds. Mind you, it's not holding it entirely aloft, it seems to be holding okay for now. You guys all pull through. Kima immediately rushes and grabs the sword. You guys charge into the darkness. You guys all do get inside the tunnel. The boulder does appear to be stationary. All right. You guys now stand in the 15-foot-wide, about 12-foot-tall, tunnel entrance to this mountainside. As you saw before, the floor itself has a layer of dust. There's a heavy smell of ancient rot and stagnant water and wet earth. The rock walls of the pathway are rough, but appear to have been intentionally carved for a purpose more than any sort of presentational element of it. There's no wind, there's no movement of air. Everything in here has been, at least in this portion of it, still and untouched for quite some time. As you guys push forward through this tunnel, to where it begins to make its slow descent-- You guys? All right. That was investigation. 24? Okay. We'll have to make-- we'll say, make new stealth checks since you guys have come out of stealth and you're back in. But as you guys are moving down the curvature of the tunnel, Vax, you notice that there are, amongst the dust and pebbles of the floor, small pieces and chunks of other material. Most of them very small, maybe anywhere from a pebble size to the size of this die or a little larger. And they're different than the rock, they're a lighter material, and almost porous upon close look, as you take one and look at it. You've seen this before, actually, in a subterranean place once before, although it was a large field of it at the time. There are a number of scattered shards of bone, just kind of scattered and cracked and broken across the floor. Not a very thick mat, but just here and there, peppered throughout the walkway. You also do notice, upon looking at a few of them on the ground, now having the context, a lot of them look blackened, a lot of them look like they've been charred, burnt. You don't know. It looked like you're at this point, and then you're there. So you have no idea. No traps at the moment, no. You guys are going stealth, right? All right, so roll your stealth checks, please. Great, awesome. All right, so, as you guys continue progressing down this curving tunnel, it goes into a very, very mild descent. Make a nature check on this, actually. This is your understanding at least of how fire against bone, which is-- 28. Yeah, so understanding especially in the Pyrah, and noticing the difference and just your experience of natural animals and creatures that have been cooked to be eaten, and the effect of the fire on the bones that are left behind, this bone charring is not as ancient as, say, the trees that have withered, but they're aren't-- they're years old at the very least, if not longer. Yeah, there's a layer of dust on these bones, as well, that shows that at least they have been untouched for a short time. Yeah. He made this his lair after avoiding death from J'mon Sa Ord in Ank'harel, and then recuperated here, from what you know, and then made this his domain for a while, and then pressed northward in Tal'Dorei, which is where-- Correct. That's when Thordak battled Raishan and began the beginning of the formulation of the Conclave, that's when Thordak destroyed Byroden and by proxy, their mother. That's when all of that went down. Okay. So that's a 4th-level spell off Pike, and for the next eight hours, Vex is Death Warded. To be fair, I'm still toying with it, because it's one of the things that I'm adjusting as we go. That's not true at all. Oh, I can keep it if you want. It's a rule that I'm working with. I may have jumped the gun in releasing it at the time as I'm working on the campaign guide, but one of the resurrection rules, I was deciding the DC, I think five per death is a bit intense, so I might adjust it more to be a two. Just 'cause I was thinking, in a long-term campaign, your character might die a lot more between levels one and 20. And then it gets a little insane. So I'm working on it. Mind you, she's still closer to death, but yes. Yeah, in fact, currently Percival and Kerrek are blind. Like, pitch-black blind. All right-- There you go. Well done. The dagger, which emits flame on it, is the equivalent of a candle. He can see about 15 feet beyond you, and that's it. There is now a flame licking the edge of the blade that's being held aloft. So light is being shed now in the tunnel. Though not a lot. All right, so Kerrek, there's a moment of quiet and stillness in the darkness, as you feel the ground beneath you shift ever-so-slightly. Heavy footfalls approaching you as suddenly a large, muscled, somewhat sweaty arm just curls around the outside of your shoulders and pulls you close to Grog's torso. So you guys are making your way down this slow grade beneath. Yes. You make incremental checks as we go. Eventually, as the grade continues downward, you begin to see the hallway open up ever-so-slightly, and what was once just somewhat rough rock walls begin having slight shapes or details to them. It's still hard to see. Darkvision is-- you still need a little light to make out fine details or things at a distance, but it does help you at least make out the basic shapes and things ahead of you. You see what appear to be small shelves or alcoves that are now beginning to show up every 20 or so feet as you progress down. Little bits of rock that jut out that look like they were either bolted in or crafted on top of it, and you see small, little cubbies, almost, little alcoves that are put into the rock as well. Okay. Make a perception check. Okay. You glance in the first one to your immediate right, which is a small shelf outward, and you see what appear to be a number of dust-covered-- a cluster of candles that have long burned and melted into dripping wax that pours down the side of this alcove. That's it on that particular shelf. Okay. So you're searching for traps now? Go ahead and make another investigation check with disadvantage. Let me double-check, here. It's kind of a frustratingly broken ability in some cases if it just is universally in here. So you can see in dim light within 60 feet of you as if it were bright light, and in darkness as if it were dim light, so you have about 15 feet you can kind of see out in front of you in straight darkness. If you have your dagger out, you can see pretty decently for 60 feet, is how it works. Kinda shitty in 15 feet. For, at least, 60 feet for you. Okay. Nothing seems to catch your attention. As you continue pushing forward, you see one more of these shelves. Are you looking at each one as you go? Okay. As you glance past, another perception check. 22. Okay. You can see on the left shelf appears to be a humanoid skull that's up on top, next to two more candles, one of them more melted than the other, but the wax drips past. There's a shelf across the way on the opposite side that appears to have a couple of small books that are put off to the side, and what looks like a small wooden box. Roll an investigation check. Box does not appear trapped, from what you can tell. Okay, continue walking? Okay. As you continue, keeping an eye out in front of you, the next shelf you come across looks to have some sort of a mummified racoon-type creature that is propped up. (laughter) Kind of. Literally just shriveled. Kerrek, do you have something you wanted to say? You do sense that there is some sort of an undead presence in your vicinity, Kerr, though you do not quite know what its nature is or its direction. There is something undead near you. Correct. I would say it does not appear to be any extreme-- yeah, it does not appear to be an extremely powerful undead presence. You can't tell size or direction, by any means, but it's not like all of a sudden there's a lich ahead of you or some massive arrival of Orcus. You just sense something around you that is an undead energy. Okay, do you guys all continue moving forward? What languages do you know? You do not know the title of the books. All right. Roll another investigation check. 25, okay. You continue to push forward. There is no trap set. You do look ahead and see what appears to be the pathway is now showing stonework at times, almost like there are slabs, elements of a tunnel that was once better constructed than what exists, but is either eroded away or elements of wall collapse have covered what was once a very, very ancient form of architecture. It does say that, I totally missed that. Got you. Okay. Then you sense there is something. You know it's from one of the wall areas, but you cannot see, and your one single bit of light source is ahead of you in the tunnel. But you do sense, at one point as you're walking, it is to the left of you. Are you stopping? 'Cause you two are moving ahead of everyone else, so you guys are probably a good 15, 20 feet ahead. You want to move back with them? You do. You glance off to the left. You can see upon that shelf unit there, there are the two candles and the singular skull set on the shelf. Okay. Kerrek, you feel Grog slowly step in the direction that you pointed out to him. It looks like a human skull. No, it looks kind of dust-covered. You can see what looks to be-- the bone itself appears to have a hint of blackened soot, or some sort of a darker color to it, like it's been slightly singed. Candles look like mostly melted candles. Make an intelligence check, or make a religion check. Make a religion check. Okay. Best that you can understand is, undead magic can raise dead, it can control dead. You have heard stories of undead or the use of them being more situational, as opposed to just roaming as zombies, but that's as much as you can call off the top of your head. It's been a while since you've been adventuring, so the specific stories are a little too foggy. Okay. It is, the skull is the source of the undead energy. It is not currently moving or reacting or having any sort of reaction to being held by you. That's a good point. What is your guys' marching order, by the way? I know the twins are in the front. Grog and Kerr, Keyleth and Percy-- Ash and Scanlan after that. And then we have-- do you have Trinket out of the necklace, right? Then probably Kima and Allura back with Trinket in the back. So they're kind of holding up the rear and keeping an eye out behind as they go. Okay. So you pull out the extra, kind of a heavy burlap sack, you throw the skull in there, tie it taut, and set it back up on the shelf, facing away from where you're standing. Every time! Continuing onward, into the next length of the tunnel, about another 50 feet or so, there is-- the room opens up, and you can see that stonework eventually takes the entire floor, and the chamber opens up into what looks to be almost like a hexagonal-shaped chamber that ends at a large iron door. It fills the entirety of the chamber, and it seals off any progression from that point. Make a perception check. Sure. Okay. So 15 total? Okay. As you glance, you can see at the center of this chamber there looks to be-- let's see here. Okay, yeah. There stands a pillar of dark green marble, about ten feet, 15 feet away from where the iron door is, and what looks to be a roughly forged bowl of iron that is imperfect and is bolted to the top of this pillar. Resting on top of it, and it's about maybe five, six feet up, and there is a platform that leads up to it. So maybe if you were standing on the little dais around it, it'd be about chest-height to you. The chamber's whole height would be about 25 feet. You also see, off to the right, what appears to be another shelf that contains a very, very large leather-bound tome and what looks to be a cold iron brazier that is unburnt but has a bunch of dried tinder in it. You have a tiny bit of candlelight. You can see about ten, 15 feet around Vax. You do not even know there's a door there. Make perception checks. There does not appear to be anybody else in this chamber with you, and from your Divine Sense, you do not sense any undead within 60 feet of you right now. He doesn't sense any undead within 60 feet, that's the range of it. The doorway, you mean? No, you're entering this chamber, then on the opposite side of the room there is a larger door that prevents you from progressing beyond the doorway. In between you and that door, there is that raised platform, the pillar, and the iron bowl, and then to the right and against the wall, there is the brazier and the shelf with the singular tome. Glancing up, based on your perception rolls, you don't see anything that would dictate any sort of exit or entranceway from the ceiling. No, there's standard stone, old stone masonry. You can see chunks that have broken off and just fallen over the years, there's a couple small cave-in areas where it looks like rocks have just tumbled in as the general shifting of the island has caused some elements to fall loose and tumble in. Okay. That gives a bigger radius. Comparable torchlight to Keyleth, and now Kerrek and Percival, you guys can both have a much better view of the room. You can see now this iron bowl on top of this pillar in the center. You can just make out the large iron wall or door on the opposite side, and a little bit of the brazier and the tome. Make an intelligence check. 19. Best you can glance here, I mean, it's possible, but this-- You don't know. The room itself is ancient, and the construction, there is nothing that appears to be mechanically attached. Yeah, there's no chain, pulley system visible at all. Where the door hits the seam of the room, it looks very smooth. Sure, you can make an investigation check. Right. (clears throat) As you look down into the bowl, you can make out what looks to be a very, very faint long-dried residue just at the very, very bottom of it. Some sort of a liquid that was once in there that has since dried up entirely and left this very, very faint, just a slight shift in texture other than the hammered iron. Not that you can really tell, no. You're just looking into this dark bowl with a little bit of light source. Your wings. Yeah, Kerrek, as they're having this conversation, you're looking, watching as this small half-elf rogue that you've had a few encounters with suddenly just sends this pair of large jet-black raven-like wings that fire from his shoulderblades and slowly fold behind him. You're scraping the-- Okay, it scrapes up, it creates a small, almost like a dried powder-type substance. It's like a dark burgundy. Yeah, taste it, has kind of an iron-like taste. The leather tome which is currently leaning up against it has no text on the cover and no text on the spine, but it is big. It's about that big. So it's like a tome. Grog, do you want to go over and check it out? Okay. It appears to be a thick leather. It's hard to tell in this light if it was made from tanned hide or tanned flesh, but it is old. You can hear this heavy sigh from Allura behind you, she's like, (sighs). "I'm just, this "is my first time actually adventuring with you." "Oh, don't get me wrong, it just reminds me of my early days as an adventurer, and I forgot "just how ridiculous we were, so." Yeah, there's the iron brazier and there's a lot of dried-- inside there, yeah. I don't know. There do not appear to be holes in the ceiling, no. 24? Looking at the book, are you taking it off the shelf or are you-- Looking at it. It looks like it is just resting against the wall. The shelf unit is not trapped, the book itself does not appear to have any sort of connection to the wall, you can see the pages themselves are weathered, old, stained, but intact. Currently, Percival's a step or two behind you. As you're saying this, the book (impact) and hits the ground. It scatters open. So you take the dagger and you place it over there. You don't recognize the text. And you try and focus on it, too, and you don't recognize it, either. It's like the more you look at the text, the text gets smaller and smaller and smaller until it's microscopic. It just looks like a mess of symbols and details. It's weird, it's almost like as you get closer, the perspective keeps shifting away from you, to where you cannot actually make out or read the text in the book. As of right now, it looks like there's just text. As you go through, every page seems to have the same sort of reaction, where as your eyes try and focus in the low light, the text just gets smaller and smaller and just avoid comprehension. There is a title, and as you look at it, the title itself seems to be blurred and obscured and begins to shrink as well. It's like trying to put on a pair of reading glasses that won't focus. She comes over. Kerr, what are you doing? As you get close and look, yes, the same thing, your vision doesn't seem to focus on the text, the pages seem to just hide from-- Okay. As he pulls his warhammer in front of him, you watch as the head of it, the spike in the back-- So what would've been the back of the hammer, the front of it is, like you said, missing entirely, and it just blazes forth with radiant energy, like a giant, glowing metallic end of a weapon. (lightsaber sound) as it happens. The room is now much brighter, and you can see the details of the stonework around you. The mustiness seems to almost back away instinctually from the radiant light itself, almost warms the air in its vicinity. It's very weird strawberries, probably. As the light hits the pages, the pages go almost blank. The text just shrinks away to the point where it looks like there's just tiny, tiny dots. Okay. The head of the warhammer flickers out, leaving just the handle behind. You go ahead and look at it, and the text is more legible there on the page, but it's still blurred to your vision. Scanlan glances over. "It's fine to me. I don't know what your problem was. "No, I have no idea what's on the pages, I'm just messing with you." (groaning) Allura, who's-- oh, so you're going to light the brazier with your hand? Okay, so the room fills with light once more. Kerrek, you can bring your hammer back if you'd like. Yeah, you guys are just charging around. Okay. Your hand hits the top of the kindling, at which point the wood catches, and there's a slight flash as the extremely explosive materials that were within the brazier detonate, causing Percival, Allura, Vex, and Vax, who were also reading the book nearby, to all have to make a dexterity saving throw. As there's a sudden (explosion). It explodes with a force. You don't make it, you just take the damage, since you were at ground zero. That's right. So you go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw as well, Kerrek. Kerrek, what'd you get? Oh, Allura made it, okay. Everyone but Kerrek made the saving throw. So Kerrek and Keyleth, you both take 32 points of fire damage. The rest of you take 16. You take none because you're a rogue. Your ears are ringing from the blast of the impact, the brazier's just, all the metal's just bent outward and ruined. As Keyleth turns around, you can see just her hair's blown back a bit. She's like a cartoon character. The door is not open. The book has burned entirely. It is destroyed. And you see Allura, who made the save but took some damage, is at the back and is kind of chuckling to herself, goes, "Well, I think now we know the purpose of the book." "It was well-played, and curse be on the one who thought that up." It was a sort of mixture of extremely flammable liquids. It was not black powder. Okay, so as you uncork and let it flow, and it's thick, syrupy, it hits and it pools. A moment passes. Two moments. Nothing. Okay. The basilisk blood that's still in there, you bleed into the basilisk blood, and it pools in the center of it. And you watch as the blood that you just dropped gets pulled beneath the surface of the basilisk blood and out of sight. From the few drops of blood you put in there, it has not opened. From the pillar? About 15 feet. Okay. The door begins to shift. There's a slight shaking sensation as the bowl itself begins to glow, and the basilisk's blood begins to sizzle and burn away, almost like it's being pushed to the outer edges of the bowl with just the singular drops from your blood resting in the center. The room begins to shake a bit, and you watch as dust that had been alongside the ceiling begins to slightly cascade from above you. The metallic door lifts up and reveals the other side. It's open. You do take a point of damage from the blood that you lost. So you guys are just starting to push out of the room. At which point, you begin to hear laughter. Cackling, multiple-sources laughter. (cackling) And you watch as, down in the distance of each side of the hallway from where you came and where you're going, these little sources of light suddenly spark up and begin drifting towards you. Okay. What does that do? Okay. All right, so yeah, that's on yourself, and it creates a 30-foot radius around you. As you guys all see these sources of light hovering towards you, the cackling getting louder and louder from a source just out of view, Pike grabs her holy symbol and slams her hand down onto the stonework in the center by where the pillar is. As it hits, there's a (explosion) sound as the vibrations or impact shift through the ground, and you feel the ground itself grow warm with radiant energy as a giant circle of ancient radiant runes begin to connect and intersect, and within that circle you all kind of rush in, and as you do, you feel the warmth of that protection come over you. As you all gather, with your weapons at the ready, you see now the sources of light, as roughly four floating flame-wreathed skulls come rocketing in, two from each side of the hallway, cackling along the way. And we're gonna take a break. (yelling) Flaming skulls. Just floating towards you. You get the sense that one of these may have, at one point, been contained within a bag. All right, so. We'll be back here in a few minutes. We're going to go ahead and take a restroom break, and we'll see where this next chapter is. Welcome back, everyone, to Critical Role. We're back from break. The party just found themselves immediately surrounded by large, floating, flaming skulls in the center of this hallway, going towards the necromancer's sanctum. I need you all to roll initiative, please. While they're rolling their initiatives, we had a winner in the chatroom for a Wyrmwood Zebrawood complete dice tower system right here, as well as this awesome leather thing from Wyrmwood, here, they have this nice leather band as well. The winner is heartman_, by the way, congratulations, heartman_. Delightful. So congratulations, we'll get this to you ASAP. All righty. So. Getting initiative scores here from people. 25 to 20. Yes. All right, so. Whoa! Scanlan's always in the rear. That's awesome. Vax and Scanlan at the top. All right. 20 to 15. Percy, Vex. 15 to ten? All righty. You can hold an action, meaning you still take your turn, you still move, but you can hold your action for a trigger. So like, I will hold my action to attack if something comes in range. Or I can hold my action to cast a spell when a certain creature does something. But you still take your turn, you don't move the turn order. Pike at the end. Kerrek, what'd you get? Oh, Kerr. It's okay. You and Kima are down there. All right, so. All righty. So, at the top of the round, as these skulls are beginning to find their way in towards the cavern towards you, as you've all circled around Pike in the center of this chamber here, I would like Scanlan and Vax to go first. You can. Okay. So Scanlan is gonna go invisible and back up here. All righty. 2nd level. Casting the spell is your action. Okay. So you back up against the wall there. Okay. So that's your turn. Vax. So over here? Okay. I'll put you up on here. Right here. Okay, go for it. Both hit. So 19 points of damage total. Awesome. That end your turn? All right. That brings us to Keyleth. As both these daggers slam into the skull, you watch as the flames themselves that are kind of wreathing around them, the skull just ducks out of the way, but the blade still catches and scrapes across the side of the bone, and it has to right itself, but then it gets right back into the place it was. It's taking damage, and you can see portions of the bone are starting to crack and break, but it's still, you know, still holding itself aloft. Not yet. It's not its turn yet. It's an action to chatter. I'll get you, He-Man! No. (sings) Oh my god do I pray. Anyway. Sorry. Oh, internet. Never change. So what are you doing for your action, Keyleth? No. What are you doing on your turn. Next to Allura, and you have Kerrek to your other side. You were heading this direction. The giant gate was here, and it lifted up, and then all the skulls swarmed in from that side. There's four, there's two on this side, two on this side. Okay, so constitution saving throw on each of these guys here? Okay, so you can hit one-- oh, if you hit there, you can hit 'em both. All righty. And they-- that is a 16. And a 13. So no, they fail 'em both. (cheering) 13 points of damage to both of them. So as the beam bursts out from the sky, you see the white radiant nature energy burst around them, and the flames seem to subside for a moment as the one that's already been damaged by Vax almost stumbles to the floor, then picks itself back up, its flame flickering more so than the allies around you. That end your turn, Keyleth? You gonna stay where you are or you gonna move? No, no one's been on the carpet. Over here? Okay. More south? That ends your turn? All right. It is now the flame skulls' turn. So. All four of these skulls, you watch as the flames swirl around the head, pour into the skull itself, and for a second, the flame almost goes dark, as all of a sudden the eyes burst into angry fire, the mouth grows extremely bright, and a single red beam streaks forth from the jaw to the center of the room. Four of these beams in different directions here, followed by four simultaneous familiar explosions as four separate Fireballs rock the room. Yeah, you guys clustered right there. Well no, you guys said you all were gonna back in around Pike, and you haven't had your turn yet. I know. I know. This happens, guys. Sorry. Not knowing or seeing where Sam went, they all focus here, which will affect everybody. So I need everybody to make four dexterity saving throws. Now, mind you-- Everyone except for Scanlan. All saving throws you have advantage on. You're trying to beat a 13. Yeah, for each one. Trying to beat a 13. Everyone was there. Okay. Grog. Okay. So you take 76 points of fire damage. Percy. Okay. So you take-- Grog, I said 78, right? Sorry, 72. That is 48 points of fire damage to you, Percy. Sorry, this is a lot of Fireballs and a lot of rolls right now. So for Percival, altogether, if you made all the saves, it would be-- shit. Okay. We'll say, for the sake of this and the ease of the damage here, you take 56 points of fire damage, Percy. 56 points of fire damage. Yes. You technically would've taken-- no, you took 70. That's right, you failed two. So that would be... You take 88. Yeah. So how many did you get, Keyleth? Okay. Kerrek, how many did you save? So you take 56 points of fire damage. Yeah, so you take zero. You just duck out of the way. Vex? 56 points of fire damage. Okay. Pike failed two? 88, but half that, because she has fire resistance, so 44. You can bring him out and heal him in a minute, if you want to. That brings Allura, through her Barrier and extra hit points, that brings her to-- okay, there we go. And Kima also failed two, so she took... All righty. Going forward, you can, yes. From the curling flames of the arcane blasts, unfortunately, not that much cover from that. However, they all then go ahead and scoot back towards the wall. The holy radius itself is starting to affect them, so this one is starting to back up in this direction, and these two are going to go ahead and this one's going to curl around the fallen stonework and land there. That is going to end their turn. Now that brings us to Percival's turn. Yeah, that hits, so roll damage for that. Okay. As you take your first shot, the one skull's just trying to duck around the partially crumbled wall, you catch it right before it goes behind cover, and as your bullet hits from the side, the skull just explodes and shatters into a burst of flame and broken bone, expelled and extinguished on the battlefield. They are not. Hits. Okay. All righty. So this shot impacts, and it sends it slamming into the wall, and it rights itself back in its position, but you can see noticeable cracks across the bone cranium of it, and little bits of fire are poking through areas where it's starting to come apart, but it's still keeping itself together at the moment. 16 still hits. That does it. Another blast echoes through as the gunshot goes off. You watch as the secondary light source from that side of the hallway just is immediately extinguished. That hallway goes dark once more, the two glowing lights untouched on the area you came from still standing. I like how Keyleth is becoming your paper clip for this battle. That's true. That would affect your rolls. You would get plus three to any-- So it didn't help Grog. Pike is the only one that's near you that would've gotten the benefit. Okay. So take 22 points of fire damage off-- or no, it would be half that. 11 points. Take 11 points off. Correct, just saves. So what'd you roll as your final rolls? So that would've made 13 roll. So yeah, that would've. All of them would have been 56. Even with the plus three? All right, Percy, that ends your turn? Vex, you're up. Okay, there you go. Okay. Okay, got it. (laughs) Okay. He has been Hunter's Marked. Well, there you go. You double the dice, yeah. So that's 20 plus eight plus another eight. Yeah. That secondary arrow happens to just hit right on the suture at the side of the skull, and as it hits, the arrow cuts through and causes the skull to crack in half, and you hear this kind of shriek, and the laughter fades, as it pulls back and the flame just flickers out, and the two pieces of bone just clatter to the ground and break across the stone. Okay, so this way? 30, you can get about there. All right. That ends your turn, Vex. Grog, you're up. You get right up to it. Okay, go for it. Go for it. That hits. You don't add the extra d8, since you only get that when you throw it. 26 damage. Oh, I see. What was the damage on the first one? Oh, okay. Welcome to d8s, motherfucker. Okay. You slam across the side of the skull. It slams against the side of the wall where you hit it, and as it rights itself, you go with your second attack, which does hit. Roll damage for that one. 19 hits. Or 19 damage, sorry. Whack! You slam it again. This time it falls to the ground and picks itself back up, the flames brightening once again, the anger as its jaw clacks open, coming towards your face. Yeah, he's not frenzied. I'll just grab your mini and slam it into the ground. No saves. Not like this. Okay, so go ahead and make your athletics check. Since you are raging, you have advantage on it. Okay, so you-- there you go. All right, this is Allura's turn. She sees, currently at the moment, that the heavily damaged flame skull, and there's nothing else in the immediate vicinity. She glances past, steps over past Kerrek, and says, "Shall you, or shall I?" "You're too kind." And with one hand on your shoulder and her staff in the other, she thrusts it forward, and you watch as four what looks like small beads of arcane energy go rocketing out from the top of the staff, and arcing around each other, as they swell with power and force. All slam multiple times into the side, the Magic Missiles dealing five, ten, 15-- four fours in a row-- 20. Four fours in a row. And that's not quite enough to finish it. It's taken 59 points of damage. You watch as-- To each roll? Well. So we'll say, given that circumstance. It's okay. Given the fact that it literally had one hit point left-- It had one hit point left! So as the four missiles slam into the side of the skull, the final one hits, and its jaw gets blown off as the rest of the skull just turns to ash against the stonework and slowly rests across the side, the combat coming to an end in that moment. You came from this way, yes. This way? Yeah. You went this way. Okay, so Grog just goes bolting through, past all of you guys, into the currently unexplored-- You just caught him as he moved past the partially collapsed part of the wall where the one skull was trying to hide. Which, actually, now that I think about it, I need you to roll four concentration checks on that one for Pike. So four constitution saving throws. Yeah. Okay, so she maintains concentration, but you have roughly 50 seconds, 45 seconds. Okay, so as they're having this conversation, you push past, you don't notice anything trapped, but about 30 feet from where the iron door was, as you're scoping, the floor just turns to darkness, and as you peek over, you see now a set of stairs are descending. No traps. Short rest is about anywhere from 30 minutes to an hour. Okay. You sense the same three dragon presences in the vicinity. Don't forget, you guys using your hit dice, you get Scanlan's Song of Rest. It's an additional d12. On top of whatever you healed, you then get an additional d12. That's overall, not on each dice, yeah. Just overall. Yeah. Heroes' Feast is addition to your maximum hit points. Which is what? 235 for Grog. Percy, where are you at? Okay. Vax, you didn't take any damage. Kerrek, what are you at? Okay, no worries. He did, yeah. 95, got it. Heroes' Feast, yeah. One. That'll be going up to where Vax is. Okay, so Scanlan backs away. Extra d12. To by-proxy do this? Yeah. Okay. Go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw. 19, all right, great. As Scanlan takes the flute and takes in the fumes of the char-burned suude, the familiar burn and chemical flavor fills his lungs, and as he exhales, this fine brown smoke emits from his lungs, and his vision clarifies suddenly, and he feels this elevated sense of energy and power in his mind. For the next hour, Scanlan has one sorcery point that he can spend as the sorcerer metamagic class, and has access to the extended spell Metamagic ability. So he has one point, period, that he can ever spend for the next hour. Correct. And basically, he can spend it to double the duration of a spell as he casts it. That's-- the suude gives him access to a specific metamagic based on the color of the suude, and he gets a point. The more you use to get more points, the higher the DC gets, and the closer you get to overdosing. Yeah, a single spell that has a duration, he can use that sorcery point to double the duration of that spell. Correct. So if it's one minute concentration, it can be two minutes concentration. No. The duration, not the casting time. Those are different. The duration is once you cast it, how long it lasts before it expires. Actually, no, it says specifically as part of the metamagic ability that it has a maximum of 24 hours. So if it already has a 24 hour duration, you cannot. That's a beautiful quote. All righty. No traps. You came to the edge of the stairs that lead down for about 20 or so feet, and then progress an even path, and then disappear below what your visual is able to see from above. Okay, go for it. Yeah, it's still currently being the central source of light in this room. From where you are, you can see all the way to the bottom of the 20 feet of stairs, but the roof of the tunnel cuts off the rest of the path, so you have to go out further to look out where it goes. Cool, got it. Okay, stealth first. No, because she cast-- 25, okay. And then make an investigation check. You make your way down the stairs into the next bit of the hallway. No traps. The stonework here now is getting a little more refined the further you go, and as you look out the hallway, you have another 25, 30 feet of this 20-foot-wide, 20-foot-tall hallway before it seems to just end and drop off. And you can see what looks to be the gap in another wall about 25 feet across from that. And then just a wall on the other side. Yeah, looks like it goes down or up. You'd have to get closer to get more detail. Trinket can use his own hit dice to heal, if you wanted to. That's fine. Okay, so yeah, you can go ahead and heal him up. Vax, you move ahead? Okay, as they start catching up with you, you hear them stepping down the stairs behind you, you come up to the edge, and now what you see is a 25-foot circular almost cylinder. There is a ceiling maybe about five feet above you, and nothing there, but what you do see is about a three-foot-wide spiral staircase that just leads down and down and down. And you cannot see where it ends at the bottom. Empty space down the center of it, and it's just a two-and-a-half- or three-foot-wide staircase that goes along the edge, and that's all you have to walk on. Okay. 18, okay. As you slowly drift down, keeping your wings, you hover further down, maybe incrementally ten feet at a time, looking around, looking at the stairs. You don't notice anything trapped. It all seems pretty standard. The stones are old, they're a little smooth at the edges, what were once kind of very, very rigid and square protrusions from the stone seemingly have a little rubbed off. As you get closer to the bottom, and as you get about roughly 100 feet down before you actually reach the bottom, but you begin to see below you, there are, right in the center of the spiral downward, a cluster of four-foot-long kind of deep brown or maroon-colored iron spikes that are all just jutting upward in slightly off-kilter directions, and there is a very, very heavy pile of splintered bones and long-mummified dead corpses that are currently just piled up at the base of these spikes, some still impaled, many of which have slowly rotted and fallen apart. The carpet can carry 600 pounds. That's roughly four people, or a Grog. 800 pounds. Grog and maybe two people. You currently have ten people traveling with you. There is a very, very-- kind of where the outer trim is of the stairway, the stonework travels around it, and then underneath the stairway there is a small opening that leads into a further passageway. Okay. I mean, just glancing around the archway, it's not a closed doorway, just an archway, and then a dark tunnel beyond that, it does not appear to be trapped. Okay, so who's doing what? Okay, you guys just threw a bunch of stuff at me right now. You flew back up. Okay, so you have Scanlan, you have Pike. Okay. You guys enter the center area and begin coasting downward. You notice a faint blue glow above you in the ceiling. As you glance up, you watch as a glyph begins to slowly-- Dispel Magic from Scanlan right now? Okay, have Scanlan go ahead and roll an ability check. For this, 'cause he can't cast as a reaction, and this would technically be your reaction, as it's already been triggered, I wanna have you go ahead and roll an initiative check. Huh? This would be a charisma, plus six and plus two. It's plus eight to whatever you roll, but first, I need you to go ahead and roll initiative. Technically you would not be able to do this as it's not really a reaction. Not for the ability check on Dispel Magic. 19? That's 17. So yes. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add eight. 21, okay. As he streaks upward and releases the spell, you watch as the glyph that was glowing-- So. You guys manage to continue all the way downward, flying, you place both of the gnomes at the base, safely by the spikes. You and one other person could probably get on. You go ahead and begin to carry Kima down without an issue, yeah. Okay, so you grab Allura, bring her down below. Most of you made it down. Kerrek has not come down-- Keyleth hasn't made it down yet. Grog hasn't made it yet. So you've carried everybody but Grog, Kerrek, and Keyleth. It doesn't seem to be having an effect right now. Kerrek's pretty heavy. I need you to make a strength check. It's a bit of a strain with the weight of his armor and getting up in his years, versus your tiny half-elf frame, but you do manage to bring him down without issue. Yeah, it's just the two of you up there. No, he brought Keyleth down. So it's just you. The carpet takes you off the ground. You have to kinda get your-- Okay. You go into a pseudo-nosedive. It's thrilling and scary at the same moment, and as you're going up, Grog just goes past you. And it just barely coasts past the spikes and lets you fine on the side. Yeah, it's not super fast. Magic carpet can go about as fast as a person, especially this size. The smaller they are, the faster they are. This is a very big one, but not very fast. Indeed. All righty. So, as you guys have reached the bottom of this cylindrical chamber, you follow suit, one by one, which by the way, just so I know going forward, what's the marching order right now? Grog, where are you at? Percy, where are you at? Trinket is out now? Okay. So, moving forward, following Vax's lead-- Okay. So the hallway's probably 20 feet wide and 15 feet tall, as you push forward. The walls are chiseled rather roughly, and about 30 feet forward ahead of you, you can see it ends at a cross-section of what looks like a very deep ravine, both above and below. There is an underground chasm here that stretches both to the right and left, though you'd have to get to the very edge to kind of see how far it goes. It's about 60 feet across to the other side, and you can see what looks to be another entranceway to another hallway, and there is a taut rope bridge bolted to each side leading across. Your wings went out before the battle and you took a long rest, your wings are pretty much done now. 30 minutes to an hour. Between riding everyone up and down, I'm letting you know, right now, Mr. Already Flying Everywhere, your wings are about expended. That's up to you. Do you want to keep flying until they're gone, or do you want to sit there? Okay. Okay. So. You get about five feet out before the wings go (fsh). Looking down, you see darkness, and there's a few stalagtites that-- You're attacking just the wall above, or-- 20, okay. The dagger hits the edge, and you appear right at the edge of the cliff. You're gonna try to reach and grab. Make a dexterity saving throw. Okay, so you grab and get up on the other side. You didn't even really fall for a moment. Vex, you're floating across, and it feels strange, going across. There's no wind, but the broom is acting extremely wobbly, and the way you control it and maneuver around, you feel almost drunk, but you're not. This is not acting properly. Okay, so you head back? Okay. You take your hands there, holding, and you put your foot out onto the wood, and it's sturdy. It's strong. With Druidcraft, you can create some small vines that wrap around it, and it might help in some regard, but not a lot. Druidcraft is a very limited cantrip. Make a dexterity check. All right, so you get your d12 inspiration die. Dexterity saving throw. That's really good. All right, so as you start stepping out, you feel this shift in the space, and you grab on to the edges of the-- Right. And as you glue the boots there, that's really what solidifies you in place, and you're still there, on the bridge, without a problem. It feels weird. You can't quite understand what's transpiring, but it just feels weird. "I don't think it's drunk, per se, it's just that you're not used to flying in that direction." And she points out towards the ravine, and you watch as Percy, who's kind of holding onto the ravine, feet solid, his hair is just up. As you hear this conversation, it seems that way, yeah. You do so. Make it across the way. The wood shivers a little bit, shifts beneath your feet, being pulled upward from your weight. You guys watch as the bridge that was once taut is now arcing up and following Percy as he moves across, his weight pulling it upward. As you fly out and spin yourself underneath-- yes, you do actually manage to fly, essentially barrel roll across, and manage to make it across to your brother without an issue. Vex, Vax, and Keyleth, as you guys are having this conversation, something catches the corner of your eye, and you watch something just go (tss), just whizz past from the bottom of the ravine to the top. You saw something quickly just go by. Yeah, the three of you guys make a perception check as you kind of come up to the edge and look. This is not related to dragons. All right. So you're seeing little things, just right out of the middle of the light, you can see something shifting above and below you. You guys have a little better view. You still can't quite see-- the length of your Darkvision is too far for you to see what is below you or necessarily what's above-- Yeah. So you're still off to the side, just holding onto the bridge? Okay. You are beginning to watch what looks to be figures. Humanoid bodies. Just tumbling past. One of them hits the edge of the bridge and it keeps spinning off as it disappears into the darkness above. You watch a couple more go by, and they are nearly skeletal bodies falling upward. But, as you watch a couple more go by, they're limp, somewhat, but still moving as they scoot past. You wait about a minute or so before one comes close enough to hit the sense, but there is an undead energy that passes past, and both you and Kerr have this moment from across the ravine from each other, seeing this. Three or four more stumble past, and they're getting more and more rapid. And they're different sizes, they do not appear to be the same bodies. Okay. Barrel roll across. As you're making it across, three more come tumbling up, two of them too far away, but one of them does reach out with its arms as it tumbles past you, and swats out to try and grab you. I need you to make an acrobatics check. She's the one driving the broom. She's having to try and maneuver. Right, as you're watching them start going across, you get a step out onto the bridge-- That's an attack roll. War gods don't help you survive, they help you kill shit. Understood, but before we get to that. So the creature grabs you and essentially grapples you in the moment. As that happens, the momentum of pulling you up causes the broom to shift out of whack, and you begin to careen in a slight circle. I need you and Pike to both make strength saving throws. They're about 30 feet from you. About the same, so you guys are on the other side of the ravine. So. Okay. So Pike's on the broom with you. You get grabbed and yanked off the broom. Pike manages to hold the broom, but currently Pike is not the current driver of it, and so she's clutching a broom that's just floating in the gravity. You watch as both Pike and Vex go from careening off to tumbling upward into the darkness above. No. Vex is pulled off the broom. She's still tethered, yeah. Right now, the two of you can both make an action. Because of the nature of the rapid movement, you are at a disadvantage on this attack. Okay. She's falling. Up. Right now, she's about 30 feet out from the ravine, and now tumbling upward, she's about 50 feet from you. Misfire? The vine, unfortunately, only has a range of 30 feet. She's 30 feet out from the center of the ravine and is now 15, 20 feet up in the air. The opposite side? Maybe. Look, I'm trying to work out-- you guys do a lot of things really fast. I'm trying, I'm working with you, so please bear with me on this. I wouldn't recommend doing that or I won't give you a chance to even do it. Don't taunt the DM. So. I'm going to ask you, Keyleth, to go ahead and make just a general dexterity check. This is how fast you're able to enchant a spell, which requires an incantation and the release of the spell's effect, thus summoning the vine and causing it to lash out. This is just a general, base DC, I need you to go ahead and just roll and add your dexterity modifier. So, as Bad News misfires, you watch as the front of it just, this burst of black smoke bursts outward, and this look of utter horror on Percy's face. Keyleth rushes out, and grabbing the edge of the rope bridge to get enough of a reach out there, you watch as her hair lifts up and part of her body begins to just drift upward, but she holds on and reaches out with the staff, and, using the strength of her force of will, the edge of the stone above the ravine cracks open and suddenly you watch where there is no life, a piercing flash of dark green shoots outward, a vine freshly grown from the edge of the stonework reaches out and grabs, wrapping around the broom itself and holding it taut. You watch as the vine and the entire group shifts upward. You're suddenly pulled, you're still grappled by this undead zombie-like corpse, and Pike is currently clutching onto the broom as hard as she can as you both impact at the end. With your weight and the creature's weight, I now get to see if the-- Well, not the vine. The vine magically holds. It's the chain that attaches you to the broom. Yeah, okay. So that holds. It goes taut, you're held there. The creature's still clutching you right now. Your arms are held to, yeah. Actually, 'cause you're still held there, I want you to go ahead and make another acrobatics check. 25. So it does not progress into restrained. You're still grappled, it's still holding on to you, but you manage to swivel out of its grasp, as it's trying to pull you in, and it's starting to try and bite into you. As you glance upward, now that you're drifting, dangling roughly 60 feet up, you look up, and you can see what is the top of the ravine, and it is a writhing mass of hundreds and hundreds of undead corpses that are all reaching out for you, their different-boned claws all extended, going (rasping), trying to just pull you towards them into empty air, as you dangle, looking up into that. At which point, the vine pulls the broom, Pike, you, and the creature up towards the edge of the wall. So you're still 30 feet up, but you're slammed into the side of the wall, now, the vine is just holding the broom taut against the edge of the rocks. Go for it. It's going to attempt to bite attack you, by the way. Which it does not do with a two. Just getting your armor, gnawing on the leather. You add your dexterity and your proficiency modifier. So it would be plus ten, I think. Okay, yeah, so you jam it with the dagger. Go ahead and roll damage. That's 1d4 plus your dexterity modifier. It's a d4 plus five, is what you're rolling for damage. Okay, so eight damage. You jam the dagger up into its jaw and throat, and it slaps it out of the way. You can see it's damaged, but it's still holding on. The creature's now grabbing onto you and slamming you into the wall best it can. Pike is just holding onto the broom right now. She's going to attempt to-- actually, what she would do in this moment would be Turn Undead. 'Cause that's what clerics do. It's not a spell, it's her Channel Divinity ability. Yeah, you have to be closer from there. Okay, so it has to make a saving throw, which it does not make. So as you look over and this zombie's biting at you and you're trying to jam at it, Pike, who's holding onto the broom, grabs the symbol of Sarenrae from around her neck and looks up and just closes her eyes for a second, and as they flash open again, there's no pupils, just white, bright, vibrant, radiant eyes. This small shockwave bursts off her, and you watch as the zombie goes (gasps) just turns into ash and disintegrates, its body just tumbling in chunks and pieces up into the ravine above you. Yes, and then up at where the zombie went. Pike is below you, still holding onto the broom. "I don't know. Keyleth?" A few more corpses start tumbling up. Yes, they're about 30 feet above you guys on the opposite side. No, the vine is attached at a base, it's almost like it grew out of the ground, so what Grasping Vine allows you to do, is you can-- wherever it's based at, it pulls it to it. It doesn't do damage. What it does is it just grasps and pulls towards it. So what you can do is, each turn you can change the target. If you change the target, it's gonna release the broom and they're both gonna tumble up. Not without casting the spell again. All right, so you start reverse-rappelling up the side. What's everyone else doing? Grog, Kerrek, and Keyleth are all still on the other side with Kima and Allura. They're all on the other side of the ravine. The rug is still with them, it's on the other side. Nobody's taken the rug across-- Okay, so you rappel up the side. While they're holding on there, one more corpse tumbles up past. It's going to attempt to-- Right now, if you were to try and take a shot, you could try, but you'd be at disadvantage for all your attacks. Okay, well, one comes tumbling past. What are you doing, Kerr? Okay, so Kerrek hops on the carpet and it begins to lift above the ground. Allura-- Allura, watching this happen, grabs Kima and Dimension Doors across to the other side, sets Kima aside, and just stays there, waiting carefully. And one other person of equal size, which is only Pike. And Kima, technically, but Kima's already gotten across. So you're just waiting. Kerrek and Keyleth are going across. Are you guys going just directly across, or are you going towards Vex and-- All right, so you guys, as the carpet heads out, you hearing the carpet as you move forward, Kerrek, you barrel roll the carpet and begin heading upward to float underneath where Pike and Vex will be. As you begin heading upward, it's funny you mention that. What were singular bodies tumbling upward are now groupings. Four or five, almost chained together, like these small balls of just limbs and bones and gnashing zombified teeth begin just (falling sounds) upward. One of them slams into the bridge and scatters out, sending a number of bodies spinning outward, broken arms and limbs from the impact. The bridge itself cracks a bit, and you watch as the center of it is still being held by a rope, but it is currently not overly walkable without holding the rope to get across. One of these clusters starts making its way upwards towards where the carpet is. Correct. You have not driven a magic carpet before. I would ask you to go ahead and, let's see, for this? Make an intelligence check. Go ahead and make an intelligence check, just a straight d20 plus your intelligence modifier. Well, plus your modifier, whatever that is. Your intelligence modifier. Okay. So, moving this across, you're basically watching this thing come careening upwards, and you're trying to shift out of the way to maintain momentum and have this not impact you, but both the nerves of what's happening, the unfamiliarity with the change in gravity and not running a carpet before, you move out of the way just as it slams into the upper corner, causing the carpet to shift and quake. Oh man. You guys were heading upward, so if you were to kick her off, she would probably still arc upward at this point. You guys are essentially, in theory, you're below the ravine if this were normal gravity. You guys are about 30 feet across, 'cause the movement speed of the carpet is, if I recall, from what I told you, right, it was 30 feet? Not yet. You're halfway there. So, as they get hit, Percy has just made it up the wall to you and Pike. Double-dash got you there. Okay, well, first and foremost. First and foremost. Oh man, this got really complicated. I love it, it's great. I-- okay. I would like both Kerr and Keyleth to roll strength saving throws to maintain hold on the carpet. They're about-- right now? 35, 40 feet. Yes, you do. From being just near him. He's so awesome that when you're near him-- Paladins, man. 14? Okay. Kerr? You both maintain your grip on the carpet. I will say, for the sake of this, Keyleth, make a concentration check. Yes, you do. You just need to beat a ten. Okay, so you maintain concentration, you maintain hold of the carpet. The carpet rights itself, the corpses go spinning upward into the abyss above. The carpet has now spent the rest of its turn getting into position to guard you and Pike, just in case it's necessary. So. You guys are in place. Percy, you've tied the rope-- Right now, it's Kima and Allura as well. You guys all grab the rope that's currently affixed to Percy, that hopefully you've been holding this whole time. I'm imagining you would've. Okay. So you go ahead and start pulling the rope. Kima and Allura help out. Allura's not doing much, eight, unfortunately, but Kima is. Okay, cool. So now we have Kerrek and Keyleth. Keyleth, are you releasing the vine? Because it's currently what's holding them against the stone wall. They both have ropes they're grabbing onto from Percy, and they're being pulled below. Do a strength check. Gust cantrip is not gonna be strong enough to push anyone of your weight. Cantrips are very simple. 21, good, so between you and Kima, you both begin to just hand-over-hand, pulling the rope as it's taut up against the edge and upward. Vex, Pike, you both begin being pulled upwards, and Kerr, you're lifting with Keyleth, keeping that. You guys get right to the edge. You look down as you see this one cluster of what looks to be maybe 20 or so bodies comes up, not as a ball, but what looks to be almost a giant skeletal hand made up of smaller corpses is tumbling upward and reaching, its outstretched, large, maybe 15-foot-wide grasp towards this carpet. Okay. So what is your save DC for your spell DC? 14. Okay. Hold on just a second, real fast. So for your Channel Divinity here, it's eight plus your proficiency bonus plus your charisma modifier. 15? 15, yeah. All right. Cool. So, with that. I'm enjoying this quite a bit. Okay, so. As this giant, skeletal hand reaches upwards to basically scoop up the entirety of the cluster of everyone gathered right at the edge of this ravine, the carpet pushing them inward, it's almost gonna sandwich the party into the palm of this, you watch as Kerrek, clutching the edge of the carpet, reaches up from beneath his armor and grabs his own holy symbol, clutches it firm in his grasp and looks upward, shouting a whispered word that doesn't reach anybody's ears but the ones that it's intended for. And as it does, you watch as a piercing bit of light jettisons in an upward-- or downward direction from your perspective-- towards this hand. As it reaches out its outstretched zombie fingers, it bursts, and as it does, the hand is scattered outward in a small shockwave. All the bodies, once linked, are now sent into separate, disparate spinning corpses that all reach out helplessly as they all go scattering past upward and disappearing into the ravine above. With that final push, you all get down on the opposite side of the ravine, safe and sound. Grog and Scanlan are waving from the other side of the ravine. Just Scanlan's arms crossed, and his eyes are very wide, and he's kind of looking around. I know. "So. What do you think?" "Yeah, you're right, let's go." You watch as Scanlan and Grog turn around and start walking back from where you guys came. A giant impact, as behind you, another sphere of these corpses slams into the bridge, causing it to snap and go limp against the upper portion of the ravine. Yep. Upwards. Okay. Go ahead and make a strength check. Scanlan and Grog. They're still going past, and it's like little singular ones here and there, but every now and then a cluster. Chain of Returning is-- what's the range on that? I want to say we have it set at a 30-foot range. It's a big weapon. Are you attaching it to your hammer? So yeah, that has a furthest range of 60 feet. 60 feet. Has passed? I'd say you've probably hit a good minute, little over a minute since the very beginning of this endeavor. Probably a little longer. Given time to look over it since it happened, and converse about what to do. All right, so. You jump onto the broom, steel yourself. Trinket happily allows that anchoring to happen. You barrel-roll across. Across the way-- There are-- there's a small cluster that comes by, and a couple of minor individual bodies on this side. Make two dexterity saving throws. You just whip past, out of the grasp. You hear the clacking of bones-- You make it across to the other side. There, you see Scanlan waiting, arms crossed, foot tapping at an accelerated rate. Grog waiting, finding another vase to throw, and all of a sudden you watch as Vex comes streaming across and eventually rights herself back up to your position, her hair falling normally flat to her side. You don't, 'cause you're on the other side. Keyleth high-fives her from across the ravine. So Grog, a familiar sensation. Once you're back in that chamber I described to you once before. You go to get to the broom, and he just latches onto the side of your leg. "I'm fine here." You actually magically restrain him with the Rope of Entanglement, so he's bound in a spiral fashion to the actual broom as you get on top of it. Begin to cross to the other side? Okay. At this point, you watch as another corpse tumbles past, and looking downward, not a hand, but what looks like a giant face emerging, built of various pieces of zombified corpses and bones, the mouth opening almost to try and swallow you as you zoom over that way. Make two dexterity saving throws. The first is against the singular zombie, lower DC. She will be in just a moment. First one she's not, second one she will be. No, it's her and Scanlan. Correct. Or whatever your dexterity saving throw is. First one, you zip past without an issue, and that's when you look down and notice the giant face coming up. Second. Okay. 27. The mouth comes up to try and slam shut around you, and as it comes up, you just arc out of the way. You guys watch as the jaw begins to close, and just as these jutting pieces of broken bone, skulls, and shoulderblades that make this weird makeshift mouth of this entity begin to close and slam shut, you watch as the broom just barely catches out of the top of it, arcs downward, and makes it across the way without impact. Just as Vax finishes his Blessing spell on her, you've all now made it across safely to the other side of the ravine here. Grog, you're released. Trinket comes up to you and starts licking the side of your face. So, what are you guys doing? All right, so you push forward-- Check for traps, okay. Investigation check. Wow. Better now than a moment ago. All right, so. As you guys push forward into this dark chamber, now, the humans, I imagine you still have your warhammer out for light, Kerrek? So you have enough of a radius where you can kind of make out the scenery and such. As you progress forward about 45, 50 feet further down this path, you see what looks to be a small structure built into the ground, almost like a multi-tiered statue of some kind, and you hear what sounds like a very faint bit of trickling, rushing water. You're not quite sure yet. As you approach, you look at it, and it appears to be a fountain, like a small structure that contains what would be a bowl for water, and then a central, smaller tier that opens up into a smaller bowl, and kind of a jagged edge to it. It looks a little sinister. And at the very top looks to be a humanoid face that's stretched into this ghastly, horrified expression of terror and gasp. From its mouth is pouring a small trickle of water, but it is upward. And it's just spilling onto the ceiling, where it's just pooling and separating into cracks. The path continues past it. It's just in the center of the hallway. Correct. Okay. You toss it towards the fountain, the pebble clinks. And the fountain is empty, it is dry on the inside right now, on each of the lower tiers, because the water that is being poured from this face is trickling upward and hitting the ceiling. It's this steady, constant stream. You throw the pebble into the fountain, it just kinda comes to rest. It looks to be just a stone ceiling, and the water's just hitting in one particular spot. If you want to roll a perception check. Okay, you glance up, and from what little bit you can see with your Darkvision, the water appears to be impacting something that has a different surface than the ceiling stonework. It's smoother, shinier, it reflects a little bit of light. It's about 15 feet up at this point. No, the path continues past it. Just straight. Okay. So Vax continues forward. Okay. So you coast ahead, keeping an eye out. There are no traps, but you do sense that there is some mechanism involved with this fountain. Okay. Okay. Make an investigation check. As you walk up the edge-- what's your actual perception bonus? Okay. You make it up to the top, and as you glance in, you can see there's some sort of a green emerald-like gem that is embedded into the ceiling that the water is just trickling onto. No, no, it is not residuum, it is not processed whitestone. It is an emerald-like gem, although it is imperfect. It is not, you know, a jeweler has not cut over it to make it a beautiful gem. It is a little rough. It's hitting the gem and it's kind of just pooling around it and sifting into cracks and being drawn. Okay. So you spit at it, and your spit still kinda arcs downward, normal gravity, then it hits the water and just gets caught up in the water. Yeah, make an investigation check. There is no light in this room, other than the source of Kerr's hammer. 20 on the fountain, okay. There is, best you can tell, some magical source. This is connected to something. You're not entirely sure what. I mean, you see-- there's no gems based inside the actual fountain itself. The only gem that's-- Yes. There is a magical essence to it. Yeah, if you want to. Once you pull it in the bottle, it rests back into regular gravity. It smells... it smells very stagnant. Hard water-ish, like Pirates of the Caribbean or It's a Small World. Yeah, yeah. It's not the clearest of Arrowhead. It's cold. You, looking ahead, the tunnel continues and you're starting to see more and more of the essence of reclaimed stonework. You can see, whereas previously this ravine was an actual semi-natural tunnel that pushed forward, the walls begin to get more brick-like. It's looking more and more like a really, really old, for lack of a better term, temple or structure where you can see there was care put into its design. 15 feet. So what's the plan? Okay, you continue to scootch forward. Okay, so you guys stay back there. Okay, Kima and Allura stay back, waiting for you guys to scout as well. Okay. You guys, make stealth checks again. Okay. You guys begin to very, very slowly make your way up ahead, and you watch as the path ahead of you begins to-- the ceiling begins to grow higher and higher, and the hall begins to widen open a little bit, and begins to split in two directions, like all of a sudden the tunnel breaks into two different paths, with the ceiling rising and growing wider on each of those paths as it presses forward. You're starting to see portions of it are still the cavern-type feel, but once again, you're seeing more and more sections where it looks like all these walls at one point were carved stone and had a specific purpose, and then over time, once again, portions of it have fallen to disuse and ruin. Currently not yet, no. Okay, so you use another spell slot. Vex. The sources are still ahead of you. They're still present and still in the direction you guys are facing. In that direction. 60-foot radius up there... no. There is no sense of anything undead, fiendish, celestial. Not where they currently are, no. What are you guys doing? Okay. So you just move on? Okay. You guys continue and gather at the edge of this fork. You can see a very, very faint bit of light coming from both sides of the fork, just glancing off a distant opposite cave wall. Both have a very, very faint bit of a light source. Two of you guys make, since you were up front first, make perception checks, if you could. 24? Glancing both ways, for you, it splits off, and they both seem to curve around in almost like a rejoining direction, or at least, they get close to it. The split is less of a split and more that there is just a large column of earth that splits what would be a wide path. The two paths eventually seem to join again on the other side. A little bit of light source. Apparently on the other side of whatever this pillar would be, or at the other side of each of these different paths, that it's just barely reflecting off of the cave walls, enough for it to give you the essence that there is light further. What are you guys doing? What are these guys doing? Are you catching up with them? Okay. Allura and Kima are, "Um, are you certain you want to do this?" "Right. Do you know whether the purpose is a good or a bad one?" "I know you've survived thus far on that mindset. That's surprising, "but do what you will, just--" She takes a moment, kind of steps forward and looks at it. "Let me see one of your jugs." She takes it, sets the jug right in the stream, and releases it, and the jug sucks up and essentially covers the gem, and the water just kinda spills across the sides. "Huh. My theory was wrong." "Well, I was trying to--" And you hear in the distance, behind where you guys came from (impact sounds). What sounds like many, many, many things falling, cracking, impacting. Which, as Kerrek says this and you all look back, you watch as hundreds and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of bodies are now tumbling back down into the ravine below from where they came. Don't make this any whiter, please. The water's still going up, and it's still careening and falling through the cracks. It's not a very strong stream, it's just this-- like a small faucet turned on, it's all just trickling upwards, appearing, but that gem being currently blocked seems to have had an effect on the room behind. Same marching order as before? You're still on the same stealth roll you had before. Okay. The floor doesn't appear to be trapped as you coast forward around the other side. It looks like a ceiling. It's about 25, 30 feet in height throughout this chamber. As you curve around, you notice that the rocky walls become just stone. You see these grey brick walls that begin to turn as you turn around, you see a faint light source from a series of candleabras that mark the edges of this square-like chamber. There are two distant cages in the far corners that seem to bear some sort of slumped, unmoving bodies inside them. There are two pillars in the center of the room that appear to be just strewn with carvings and glyphs from top to bottom, surrounding them entirely. Two large scaled, crimson eggs lie placed against one side of the wall, seemingly untouched, and on the right-hand side of the chamber, at the base of one of these cages, you see a withered and long-dead corpse of Thordak the Cinderking, folded and sagging. You see a tome propped up against a bookstand on the far end, marked by a singular page, where a series of bookshelves and chains line the walls of this apparent laboratory. You see at the current opened tome across the way, arms crossed, and reading quietly, a tall female with dark green hair and silver, shimmery-like skin facing away from you. And we'll pick up for that next week. 'Cause it is late. Patrick, are you gonna join us for Skype next week? Oh, shit! Dual Skype, maybe. Well, let us know, please do. Yeah, thanks so much. All right, well we'll be-- That will be announced as the week progresses. Also, as a heads-up, guys, once again, big thank you to Loot Crate for being our fantastic sponsor starting in the new year. They were awesome enough to let us tonight be the first to announce their February theme, as their previous theme ended. The theme is 'build' for this one, and the brands that are included in that include Power Rangers, Batman, Lego, Tetris, things that involve building, construct, that type of a feel, so more information will be coming out with that, but 'build' is the next theme. Check out lootcrate.com for the full reveal of everything they're gonna have in there, and don't forget to use the promo code 'criticalrole', one word, for the discount when you sign up. (cheering) We'll see what they got. Thank you guys so much, rest well, you guys as well. We'll see you next week, and is it Thursday yet? Have a good night!