Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Yeah! Before we get started for the day, let's get into some of our quick announcements. First off, happy to be back. Me, Marisha, and Taliesin were gone for a better part of two weeks. We missed you guys. We actually met a few Critters around the desert with us. Yeah. Yeah! Basically, yeah. (laughs) It was really cool but we were happy to be back-- Spice? Spice? Spice? Do you spice? Sam will be about an hour late tonight. Unfortunately, he has work pushing later in the evening than normally would be, but he'll be joining us as soon as he possibly can. So he'll be on his way. Let's see, also a big round of applause for Liam running an awesome one-shot last week. Once again, well done, man. Oh, it's great. Anyway, let's get back in the swing of things here. Announcements real fast if you want to start with this, Travis. Marisha, did you want to talk a little bit about a cool thing we have coming up now? Pretty fantastic. So you can go ahead and make sure your nails look absolutely glorious. That's Travis for the rest of the game. Good. It never ceases to be the strangest thing to see a phrase that I organically made up in my home game is now on patches and pins. It's so weird. That's so weird. Yeah. (phone notification beep) All right guys, that being the case, let's go ahead and bring it down unless we have any other announcements. Do we have anything else? All right, let's bring it in after a two week pause to the main story of Vox Machina, tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Yes, be pleased. LIAM and And you guys made your way towards the Cerulean Palace in the center of the city. After being balked by the Hand of Ord upon arrival you were then greeted by the Grand Maven and given entry to the Cerulean Palace. Upon passing up a large translucent blue tower, above the city of Ank'Harel-- not Emon, I was tired-- I know, I figured you guys would be all right with that. And eventually opened into a central chamber at the very top of this tower that overlooks the majority of the desert from this position that you can see. There were large windows across the entirety of this circular room, there was a raised platform in the center, balcony across the opposite way, and sitting atop this throne in the center made of brass and sapphire you met an individual, seemingly the ruler for a long time of this city. The androgynous long-living figure known as J'mon Sa Ord. And that is we're picking up this-- Yes. Just greeted you when we left off. He? She? You're not quite sure what the sex is of this figure specifically. The fine features, elongated limbs, and long dark hair seem to deflect trying to pin down a lot of details about the history or source of where this individual came from. However, they have risen from the throne, bowed deeply, and greeted you, "Welcome to Ank'Harel, heroes of Tal'Dorei. I am J'mon Sa Ord. "It is my pleasure to greet you," and gave you a soft bow. "Your arrival has not escaped my "whispers and I'm curious if your presence means what I think it means." "I have heard our skyport access to Emon was balked by dragon attack. I would hope the problem "would be sorted by now for the purposes of our vast trade network. And you've arrived, I hope "with good news." "So you say these dragons are working together, attacking and destroying. I assume they "are of the chromatic origin then?" "Working together is quite strange. Hmm. What else can you tell me of this threat?" "Raishan. I do not recognize this name. What is the name of the red you speak of, this Cider King?" There's a subtle reaction from the creature before you. Draws back and narrows their gaze a bit at the mention of the name. "Thordak, yes. (scoffs) I recall this name. A foolish drake from "the Scaldwind Sands who saw, unwisely, to threaten my domain many years ago. We cut his heart and "watched him sink beneath the ocean. This creature you speak of, I do not think it is the same "Thordak." "Because I watched him die." "So this beast that harries you, you are certain it goes by the name Thordak?" "What proof do you have of this being the same beast?" "The Thordak that came to war here was not quite as large and powerful as you seem to "say this one is." "This was centuries ago, the city was but maybe 100, 150 years at the time." The creature known as J'mon Sa Ord, they steeple their fingers and glance over to you-- at head height with you practically, even stepping down from the platform. "I have been here for some time, yes." The still-narrowed black eyes, with a tiny pinpoint of molten metal peeking through, relax. The arms go from a steepled position to a cross and now a look of curiosity comes across their face. "If this is truth, then how do you plan to fell this everburning worm?" "You have?" "So am I to understand that you are spearheading this endeavor?" "Very well, then what do you want from J'mon Sa Ord?" "This city is well protected. I am not worried about this dragon or dragons you speak. I "am protector here and we are warded against such threats." "This does interest me as there is quite a stake in the roads we've built with Tal'Dorei." "The creature once known as Thordak had begun to grow tired of his meager dominion in the "Scaldwind Sands, began to reach out with his many feral kobold armies and various serpentine "followers, decided that the very jewel of our city was perhaps a good throne to sit upon. And, much to "its foolish intent, attacked not knowing what it was after. We struck down its armies and for two "weeks there was battle between the skies of here and the northern mountains before we took a fell "strike against the beast. It escaped to the north and attempted to flee beyond the ocean's waters, "but we caught up to it, struck it down, and watched it fall into the fathoms. If this is the "same beast you say, then it is uncanny it could survive such an encounter and would say it is even "more dangerous having learned from these past struggles." "I have my ways. We have our ways. Well, you wish my aid?" "You go running into the furnace and you wish me to be at your side?" "Hmm." There's a brief pause as J'mon looks past and seems to peer through each of you, scanning back and forth with those strange smoldering pupils. "You look able-bodied and strong of will. However, I have watched many of your kind with "these same traits waltz into oblivion before. I will not risk myself or my city by backing a "fool's whim. Show me what you are capable of, fellows of Vox Machina. Show the Soul of the "Desert Jewel what you are capable of." And J'mon Sa Ord begins to step back-- (mechanical whirring) MATT and You hear the cracking and the rumbling of something in the distance as J'mon Sa Ord steps back and fades from view. You hear a latching of stone behind you as it seems the Grand Maven has stepped back into the platform you arrived in and closed it behind you. Another loud crack hits the air around you (loud grinding) and you watch as, over past the other side of the room where the balcony stands, a looming shadow plummets out from seemingly the sky itself and lands, smashing onto the marble floor of the exterior, its silhouette humanoid, but swollen, across the sunlight that's pushing past from beyond. Blue dust and pebbles tumble across the archway from the balcony to your side coming to rest. The shape squeezes through the balcony arch into the room. What you see is a thick-limbed silhouette marching into the throne chamber, a 15-foot-tall armored structure of intricate decorated cobalt plates and iron bulk dragging a massive cleaver-like blade with one arm and a clenched boulder-like fist in the other. Two burning white flames flare as eyes within its solid helmet. I need you all to roll initiative. Apparently the character minis were not brought to the table. Be with you in a moment when those arise. Initiative orders. 25 to 20. 25 to 20. No one? 20 to 15. What did you get, Percy? 18, right. Okay, so Vax, Percy, Grog. All right, 15 to ten. Those are the windows. Keyleth, 12? All right and what did you get again? As the entity bursts its way into the room, its flaming eyes flare. Vax, you have the beginning of this encounter, what do you want to do? Between there? All the way to the wall? Right there? Hits! Is this your last Luck of the day? Because you haven't rested. Second? Okay. All right, so what was it? 24? So second one misses. The first and last hit. What was that? TRAVIS and All right, 46 points of damage, first round of attacks from Vax. Well done. The blades hit and streak off, and you can see portions of the iron plates between the cobalt armor seem to have carved grooves into them and it's actually made an impact on the outside of the creature. That end your turn? All right, Percy, you're up. Okay. 31 hits. Okay! Disadvantage on strength checks. Okay. That is a 22. As a note the first shot, it hits the head and bounces off, seemingly no effect. There's a little bit of necrotic seep into the armor that seems to have affected it to a small extent, but the bullets seem to have almost no effect on its form. You don't know. Okay. 27 hits! Okay. This one does hit the head, and it seems to knock it off to the side and one of the flames flutters for a second, but leaves no impact or damage against the helmet. Okay. 27 hits. Okay. Once again it ricochets off with a flash of sparks and energy. You can see the necrotic seems to have left this slight burn against the plate, but the bullet has left no groove in the armor. All righty. End of your turn? Grog, you're up. Okay, so. (counting) 50 is where you can get right there. It's just to the right of you. You may! What is the range on it? No, that's not right. I thought it was 30, it's a pretty short distance to throw it. This guy? 15 feet. Okay. It's a 30-foot distance, just like most throwing weapons would be. All righty! 18. As you throw the javelin, it hits the shoulder pauldron and scrapes off, firing out of the balcony, and over the edge All righty. It is now the cobalt golem's turn. It's dragging the cleaver behind it, scraping it across the grounds of this palace room as it moves. As it comes sauntering up, its large leg movement, taking large strides against the floor, leaving a small crack under each footfall. It turns around. The blade isn't getting ready to fight, instead its flames curl up and darken, and you watch as its neck opens up to this dark space underneath and it (roars). This fume of purplish blue mist seems to spill out in front of it. You are more than welcome to try. So you use your Cutting Words. Okay. Go ahead and roll the dice. d10, it's whatever your bardic inspiration is. Has no affect on it, unfortunately. All right, I need Vex, Keyleth and Scanlan to make constitution saving throws. Damn, all right! Okay. This is a lot of dice I've got to roll here, so let me-- (counting) So as the poisonous fumes fill the space, you can feel it burning the outside of your skin, filling your lungs. You guys start coughing as the horrible burning sensation in your interior begins to fill your entire experience right now. Scanlan, you manage to pull aside and close your nose just in time, but it still burns your exterior. You take 26 points of poison damage, Scanlan. That is 55 points of poison damage to both Vex and Keyleth. 20 DC. You missed it by one. That's going to end its turn. Vex, you're up. You would take an attack of opportunity if you do. One more rogue level. He does, yes. So as you start rushing away, the one lax arm holding the cleaver goes (cleaver slamming) and comes down over her head like a giant, thick, three-and-a-half-foot-wide blade of solid iron. With disadvantage, that's 25 to hit. You take 29 points of bludgeoning damage. Not bludgeoning, sorry, slashing damage, as the blade strikes down, slicing right across your front torso, nearly throwing you to the ground and you can already feel the blood fill up in your mouth and begin to drip down the side of your chin, but you do manage to pull away from him. Where do you want to move? All right. 22 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. So it's normally 4d8, but you did it at a higher level, so it's 5d8 points of lightning damage. 19 points of lightning damage. The lightning streaks into it as the arrow hits and the lightning begins arcing through its armor. It bursts outwards. Keyleth, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Because she's within ten feet of the creature. 11. You take nine points of lightning-- no, it's 2d8. So you roll 2d8 damage. It is technically a spell-- Go ahead and roll again. So yes, you take half damage. So take four points of lightning damage. That's as far as you can get at 30 feet. Unless you want to run past this way. (counting) You can get over there. Knowing you and your movement situation, you would have probably taken the more direct route because you were going to get hit regardless. Scanlan. The lightning hurt him, it arced through him and it seemed to react to the impact. As far as you know. It's a long blade. You saw the blade slam down towards Vex and it slammed a few inches away from you so you're right on that maybe/maybe not edge. Let me pull this up real fast. A creature of object size Large or smaller. This is technically a Huge creature. 15 feet tall. He himself is about 15 or so-- A Medium creature's about six to seven feet average. A Large creature is about ten to 12. So as soon as you start casting the spell you look at the size and think, this isn't going to fit in one of my spheres. You can because he's wide enough you can go that way. All righty. With advantage on its save, that is a 16 dexterity saving throw. Yeah, against your Lightning Bolt, to see if it manages to dodge out of the way. No, Cutting Words is to reduce the attack of another creature. Correct, its saving throw is still a 16, your DC is way higher, it failed. This is a big creature, it's not very dexterous. It can't dodge quickly, it's like (groaning), it's like a small moving tank. Correct. 24 points of lightning damage. The bolt of energy arcs out from your finger, passing Keyleth. You shake from the nearby impact, your body still a little numb from the previous electrical hit. It blasts the front as the arc from Vex's attack begins to wear off, this time the energy coursing through its entire body. You can see as it tries to lift the blade up for another attack it almost drops the blade from the impact, but it stays firm and shrugs it off, but you can see the darkened period across its body where the electric bolts are beginning to take effect across its physical form. You back away, and you're out of range for it to try to make a strike at you. You can keep moving if you want. All the way to the wall? Those are all words that you can kind of understand! So you take your inspiration dice. d10. So that's the end of your turn? All right, Keyleth, you're up. Okay. Okay. He's already used his reaction to strike. All right, the very top-- and this chamber comes to this large, dome-like precipice at about 60 feet up-- upwards you see a skylight series of glass begins to fill with dark clouds, swirling. As Keyleth's concentrating, her eyes fog over white. What are you going to do? As Keyleth focuses, she brings her arm down and one singular bolt coalesces, strikes down right onto his head. What's the DC on the spell? All right. Nope. He rolled a 19 and failed. He's got a minus one on his dex save. He's a slow guy. So he takes 3d10 lightning damage. Go ahead and roll that. That's right, 4d10, because it's fourth level. 19 points of lightning damage strikes into its head, and you see it has to fall back onto its back leg to right itself, and its growling sounds like creaking of metal and stone against each other. Bonus action, you mean? As the growling sound of stone and metal seems to vibrate the floor, you step back and hulk out into your elemental form, almost returning a similar earth-against-stone growl back at it. Top of the round. Vax, you're up. You could certainly try. Four, five, six. one. Get behind there, go ahead and roll a stealth check. Okay. Far as you know, it doesn't see. All right. These are with which blades? Right, okay. So you throw. Go ahead and roll damage for the dagger of venom. He does not seem to see you, so yes, you are rolling damage. 40! Nice! 40 points of piercing damage as this one dagger hits one of its front chest plates and causes it to dislodge and hang to the side, and it's hanging by some sort of interior bolted circumstance. You can see a bunch of iron mechanisms that are holding it together, some almost clockwork, some appear to be arcane in nature and are being held aloft by sparking whitish-blue energy. You have about 15 feet of movement. End of Vax's turn. Percy, you're up. Sure. Okay. So you step by and it's a pretty thick pane, about maybe an inch or so thick. It has very faint glass-cut carvings and designs into it. Mainly geometric vines that curl on themselves. It's a really pretty display for the brief moment that you glance out the corner of your eye at it. Pretty strong. Yeah. 25 hits. Okay. As you fire Bad News you can see the smoke and dark mist that fires at the front of its barrel from the Hex, the heavy bullet goes into the opening in the chest that was given by Grog and you hear it bouncing around inside, seemingly not really doing any damage to the interior of the creature. So you fire, reload, and for your-- All righty. That hits. So the bullet ricochets off the hand, doing no damage to it, but what's the DC on-- No damage. No damage. Your bullets do no damage. Yes, it does. One point of necrotic damage. (laughter) A 19? Okay, that brings it to-- Strength, okay, that is a 17. As the bullet slams into its hands, its fingers, against its own will, are pried open from the blast, a little bit of poof of smoke off to the side. And the giant blade, which is about, I'd say, seven and a half feet long, clatters to the ground. That thing probably weighs quite a bit. Okay, that's the end of your turn. Grog, you're up. Yeah. (counting) And you have two more squares of movement you can do if you want. All right, you're right there. Right there? He's two sizes larger. As you rush forward, towards it, you slam your gauntlets together. As you get towards it you begin to swell in size, your strides getting longer and longer. By the time you approach it, you are right there. You are now one size category larger. All righty, so you are attempting to make a shove attack. Okay. You push it away from you. Nope, his dexterity is fucking awful. So you go ahead and make an athletics check. 23? With disadvantage it's 19. You rush forward, and leaning the axe to the side, you get low as it attempts to grab out and punch towards your head. Reach down and grab it from behind the ankle and then lift up, throwing its leg up over and it goes tumbling backwards, crashing onto its back on the ground, its limbs loosely flailing, trying to find some sort of purchase on the floor. You still have another attack, if you want to. Yeah. Go for it. 22? Hits. 20 points of damage as you bring the axe down with both hands, whack! Right into the center of its chest armored cavity. You can see the axe fits about halfway, almost to the center of the handle itself into the chest and you have to work it back and forth to wedge it out of its metal hide. The axe is back in your grasp, and you can see a giant gash mark where it was left. Yeah. So Grog, end of your turn? Now the golem's turn. Ah, look at that, it rolled a six. So it recharges its poison breath. So it stands up in its space, using half its movement. It's then going to pull back (deep breath). The helmet opens up from underneath and you can see that giant black vacuous space in the center of its throat. It lets another torrent of it forward. Nope. You're in reach. I need Keyleth, Grog, and Vex to make constitution saving throws. You're immune to poison? All right. So what's your constitution saving throw, Grog? 18. All right. That fails, unfortunately, but you still take half damage. Indeed. So with a full roll there. All right. Grog, you take 25 points of poison damage. Keyleth, you take none because of your earth elemental form. You take 50 points of poison damage. You were there! To be fair, you've spent 90% of the game flying way away from everything you've ever fought, so maybe it's about time it caught up to you a little. All right. That ends the golem's turn. Vex, I need you to make a death saving throw. So mark off one failed death saving throw. All right. Ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. You are further away from her. You are currently off to that side. You are 40 feet from her. Okay. There you go. What level? You can go as high as you want on the bonus action, whatever spell you cast as your main action can't be higher than level two. One of the spells has to be level two, the other can be any level it wants to. That's how it works. Correct. All right. So that's 2d4 plus six. You do. So you heal seven hit points, Vex. Did you roll seven? Okay, then eight. You're at eight. Plus six now because your charisma went up by one, buddy. Yes, you should. The soothing words of Scanlan Shorthalt pull you from unconsciousness as your eyes begin to focus downward. You're looking out past the balcony and you can see bits of dust being scattered across the ground and you hear the heavy footfalls of your friends and the golem behind you as suddenly you're like, Oh shit! All right. Scanlan, you still have 15 more feet of movement. Or ten more feet, technically. You get close to it at least. Right there. Grog, did you add your 1d4 points of damage for your enlarged state? In your attack? Roll 1d4. Add that. When you're enlarged you do an additional 1d4 with any weapon attacks because the weapon got larger as well. There you go. All right. So what are you doing Scanlan? Behind? Let's have Bigby's Hand make a melee spell attack against the glass. Plus your spell attack bonus. 22. Without an issue the fist appears behind the golem, fists up, and is about to punch it in the back of the head when, last minute, it whirls around and slams into the glass. Go ahead and roll 4d8 points of damage. You had it right. The window shatters, comes clattering down, and suddenly the wind begins to pick up into the room. At this high a point, all the silks are now whirling around. The storm at the top that Keyleth is holding is starting to meet the turbulence and the lightning bolts are beginning to course through it even heavier. Right now it's pretty heavy winds coming through here regardless, so a lot of you are having to keep-- Yeah. I'll give you that. Like a fantastic 1991 rock video. All right. Keyleth, you're up. Okay, so you're going to go ahead and do a shove attack? All right. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Yeah, so add plus five to it. All right. 18. And with disadvantage that is going to be 22. So as you rush forward and slam into it, it puts its hand out and takes the blow, and it screeches a couple inches, but it's still too heavy for you to get it forward. You have two slam attacks, as part of it? You can do it again if you want. All right, go ahead and roll a d20 and add five. What did you roll? What's the total. Yeah, he-- natural one. (cheering) Vax, your turn. All right. So 17? Because you are flanking, it is advantage on the attacks, yes. Yes. Okay, so the first two miss, the last one hits. The blades are (screeching) streaking across it. Which dagger is this? 40 points of piercing damage. First two blades strike and make no mark whatsoever on its hide. However, the second one does manage to pull apart and open this slight piece where you see a number of its giant iron central torso pieces emerging. You see a slight seam there where they've been welded together. You take that moment to pull back your dagger of venom and slip it as hard as you can right into that groove. As it does, it sinks right to the hilt and the creature flexes its back in pain. (groaning) There? There you go. All right, as you back away, it swings back with its fist as it hasn't been able to pick up its weapon yet. Its fist is still a large rock-like battering ram. That is a natural 20. Not anymore, that only lasts for a round. Eight, five, eight on 3d8. So 21 plus nine. 30 points of bludgeoning damage, 60 points of damage. 60 points of damage. With Uncanny Dodge reduces it to 30. Whack! It backhands you. While you're running for the wall, your vision goes white from the impact. You hear that high-pitched whine as your ears can't even deal with the ringing of the impact. You stumble and find yourself stumbling towards the broken glass where the wind's coming from and catch yourself back into the side of the wall. (heavy breathing) Catch your breath there on the side. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. To your left here? You're grit farming-- okay, go for it. So Bad News is reload, attack, reload. Oh, it's Retort you're pulling out. You have one more shot, a reload, then a shot. Go for it. Just roll the necrotic damage. Six points of necrotic damage? All righty. 20? It misses. The bullet goes past the armor and ends up hitting the side of the wall and cracks some of the marble. Staying where you are? Grog, your turn. All righty! You go into your frenzied rage. Go ahead and make three athletics checks. First one. That is an 18. So the first one, you slam. Pushes it back. It's now teetering on the edge. Right there. Now, as part of the shove, my question, I have to see if you get to move into its space afterward because, right now, it's out of your range. You'd have to move to that point to hit it. Because you'd have to move five feet because Keyleth pushed it away. You shove it back. Double-check this one more time. MARISHA and You have plenty of movement. You push it back, you move in to get within range there. Go ahead and make another. 27, that is a 17. Pushed back, it's right up to the edge now, its shoulders dropped against the edge. Its blade is still on the ground. Do you move in and go for a final one? Make an athletics check one more time. Natural one. (yelling) As your swollen, giant goliath foot slams into the front, you see the metal plate that's dangling and the one that's still there cave inward, sparks fly as the inner workings of it are jammed with its own armored plate. Its arms reach out and scrape and break off the sides of the walls as it falls backward and tumbles out of sight. You glance over and look down as you watch it plummet. (loud crash) Through the roof of some portion of the Cerulean Palace. Yes. You stand up and look over the side just as Grog kicks it out the window and it disappears out of sight. Go for it. Both of you guys make athletics checks. Both of you guys make athletics checks. Yeah. (impact) You end up shoving her earth elemental form back about five feet. Not out the window, you're not close enough. Your Hex has dissipated, yes. There are a few shards, but a lot of it seems to be broken. How many hit points do you heal, Vex? 28 hit points. All righty. You guys take a moment to yourself to look around and see if there's no other threat. With the shattered glass window, the wind whipping through the room, the silks all swirling, entangling around you. The wind slowly dies down, suddenly and unnaturally so. You glance over the balcony, and what was once empty, you see a dark figure standing, silhouetted by the outside sunlight. Tall, thin, lithe figure. This appears to be J'mon Sa Ord reappearing, who walks inside, hands together and an expression of amusement, says, "Impressive indeed. Very well. You will have "my alliance and allegiance for the coming storm." The door behind you, where you guys entered up inside opens and you see the Grand Maven step out with a smile on her face as well. She looks over to the window and goes, "Perhaps I should go check on-- I should go check." She backs back in and you hear the chain rupture as it begins to shift back down. J'mon steps forward. "Join me by the throne, "please." Steps over and sits down once again. "The cruel red that you speak of, that we once fought, "was crushed by our might and my hatred for its kind. This city has many wards, as I mentioned, "and I am its protector. I have my ways, which I utilize only when necessary. Now what you ask, "what you do, is already a deed of justice in and of itself. I require no recompense beyond that. "While I cannot leave my city unguarded for long, I must remain until you are prepared to engage this "Thordak head on. When the time comes, call to me and I will come to your aid." And they raise their finger and does a small snapping motion. You watch as the throne itself lifts up and shifts off of its place. A chest beneath it opens suddenly, and the wind whips up once more throughout the room and as it does, a small, thin, extended rod-like object floats and is tossed in the air by the wind over in the direction of J'mon Sa Ord who then snatches it and the wind ceases once more. Presents it toward-- You take it. Looking at it, it's a small brass flute. Looks simple. Like a penny whistle, almost. As you're about to blow on it, J'mon puts their hand up and says, "It knows the melody to "call Devo'ssa but once." "Devo'ssa." "Devo'ssa is the guardian of this city." J'mon stands back and slowly extends their arms as a sudden burst of wind once again fills the room, swirling around, sending the silks tangling about once more, seeming stronger than what was brought in from the shattered window earlier. Your hair is being tossed and you watch as the lithe creature steps back, the shape bending and swelling behind the silks passing in front as it backs up toward the opposite side of the chamber on the outside of the balcony. You watch the flashing of color, of green and dark gold. A shadow takes the floors, the new form before you holds most of the room, lording over the throne (heavy footsteps). Wings (whooshing noise) unfurl as you see before you the form of the city's protector a massive brass dragon, scales glistening in the window-fractured sunlight, wings and tail tip becoming a gradient into green at the end. Incredible, frightening, beautiful. The dragon's head curls down, over where the throne was moved, their head massive by comparison to you and reminiscent of most of your recent dragon fights, though there is almost a smile and benevolence to their presence. The same black eyes, with a smoldering molten pupil still stand there, staring back at you. "I share with "you my secret. There is now trust between you and I. Do not forsake it." (heavy footsteps) They sit back into a more casual position, their claws still there before them, head still level with the rest of your party. It slowly drifts back up, now looming down over 30 feet ahead of you. The voice booms out once more, "I will prepare here how I can. Now go. "Time is ever fleeting." "I am the guardian." The dragon leans forward, the head coming down straight to you. Their maw right across from your size, one of their front teeth is about up to your waist by comparison. (heavy breathing) (chuckles) "You are sly, gnome." Turns around and reaches into the same box that carried the flute, pulls out a chain that dangles, fluttering in the wind, and hands it to you. "Only one day." The chain, as you grasp it-- it's dropped into your hand and you look at it. There appears to be a brass emblem with a single circular sapphire set into it. "This is a symbol of my "crest. Few should argue should they be under my sway." Thinks for a second. (chuckles) Yeah. "There are many who I would call friends, or trustworthy. The list would be long." "You would seek Headmaster James Kryon." "Head of the Crystal Chateau's program for arcane arts and training." "The Crystal Chateau." You hear a hearty, deep-throated chuckle as you turn around. As you make your way to the door of the exit, it opens once more as you hear the platform coming to rest once again. As it opens, there standing in the space is the cobalt golem, eyes flickering with white flame. (footsteps) It comes rushing forward past you, shouldering you out of the way. Grabs its blade. You can see there are dents in its armor, but it's still standing. Apparently didn't seem to take that much damage from the impact of the fall. It takes the blade and drags it behind it as it moves around J'mon, who steps back as the golem goes back under the balcony and then begins to climb back up outside to whatever strange device or platform it was affixed to before it dropped. "We have many throughout the palace." "My patience for your honeyed words grows thin." (laughter) "Now, be on your way. I suspect when the time comes to call me you'd best be ready. Now." Turns around and with a whirl, the wind picks up again and the form shrinks down leaving, once again, in the space as the shadow shrinks, the lithe form of J'mon Sa Ord. They walk back to the throne as the throne seems to magically lift up and cover the box that was there beneath it before. Sits back on the throne, crosses their knees onto the throne, leans on one side of the armrest. You guys step back into the platform. The door closes. The chains shudder and begin to unfurl as the platform lowers down once more, giving you the view over the vast expanse of Ank'Harel and the deserts beyond. Yep. No Grand Maven. It finally reaches the bottom floor. The door opens once again, and there you see the Grand Maven surrounded by twelve different servants that are now picking up pieces of shattered rooftop, broken furniture, and a large crater that is now jammed in the center of what was once the waiting room where you guys were previously set. Furniture scattered and totally ruined, and there seems to be an air of haste in making sure that it doesn't stay like this for long. "Thankfully, no. There was no death. You are lucky this time." It's hard to tell. A few hundred feet. There is now. You wish to take some time to go ahead and try and figure out a trajectory and where it may have gone? "As far as I understand, there is no issue with flying within Ank'Harel." Did you roll a natural 20? You became the animated gif of the cat that gets the flower on its head and sees through space and time. You guys watch as Percy zones out for five minutes, the hand moving at a rapid pace across the paper. What that enables you, as you get some ideas as to the trajectory, the speed, the strength of Grog in the non-grown form versus the grown form. This does allow you, whoever wants to lead this expedition, one investigation check to possibly even recover anything. So the two of you are using the broom. It only has space on it for one. Okay, so Percy's hanging from underneath as you fly up a few hundred feet. You guys watch them vanish in a darker and darker spot as they get higher into the sky. Percy. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. You've not been this high before and the sheer perspective and the fact that you have very little affixing you to this broom, we're going to see if you can overcome this singular human fear of heights. You can, as a fighter, yeah. Indomitable Will, this is a perfect use for it, actually. Okay, I'll let you do that. 19. You feel quivering of the broom as Percy's hands are beginning to shake and you see the fingers constantly flutter. As you look down, about to ask if he's okay, you watch as (vomit noise) this spray of-- Vax, you watch as you see a gentle rain. Gone straight up in an arc. Yeah, some poor folks in Ank'Harel right now are having a really bad afternoon. He directs you vaguely where it may have landed. I need you to make a perception check. You're going to have to roll crazy high. We love you, Abernathy, don't listen to her. But you rolled a natural one. As he begins telling you about the wind trajectory, and the direction of its travel and the hypotenuse, and he goes in this long series of various-- Just focusing on the one bit of his hair. The little clump right there. This time, thankfully, you have the mind to pull out of the way a little bit. However, after about ten minutes of conversation, and you unable to focus again it's lost. You have no idea where that javelin is. Someone's going to find some pauper impaled on a wall somewhere. Three month investigation, no answers. As you guys fly back down, gather the rest of your party, the javelin lost. So as you guys take a moment to gather your next stage in your endeavor for the day, we're going to take a quick bathroom break. Back here in a few minutes guys; hold tight. We'll continue this adventure here in just a moment. Hello guys, welcome back! So, finished our break, Vox Machina have exited the Cerulean Palace. Apparently revealed to J'mon Sa Ord that they were capable, and in doing so, J'mon Sa Ord revealed that so is the leader of the city. So one javelin down, unfortunately. You are now getting to the later evening of your time here in Ank'Harel. What is your plan? It's pretty close. The sun's about 30 minutes from dusk. Yeah, totally. Go ahead and take a short rest out there on the steps of the Cerulean Palace. What do you mean? It's a short rest. And don't forget, Scanlan, you have an ability that helps everyone who's using hit dice gets a bonus. Song of Rest. Every person, as soon as you finish your short rest to heal. You heal an additional 1d10 hit points at the end of it. You roll. You finish your short rest. As the night takes the sky, the streets of Ank'Harel do not grow any calmer. The bazaar lights begin to glow in the distance as you see the lanterns and various magical light sources of the city spark to life and the lamps light themselves. But the city still seems to be bustling with all the energy and buzz of the day before. What would you like to do? It's called the Luck's Run and you feel like you passed it when you first entered the Suncut Bazaar here in the city. You didn't pay much mind to it at the time. We'll find out. Looks fancy! And pointy! You guys have your room in the Debt's Respite, which is maybe like a 20-minute walk from-- So Scanlan, you're wearing your normal clothes? Yes, you are. Okay. So you guys go back to The Debt's Respite. You get prepared for the evening, dressed up in your finest attire at your disposal, and walk your way back to where you believe this casino was when you first entered the city. What would you like to do? All right. So the frost maintains itself as a high-level druid. This is a simple glamor-based cantrip to maintain. Easy enough. You guys look rather fancy as a traveling group. Do you travel together? You stealth. You somehow are no longer in the narrative. You stealth out of the story. Vax was never there. You guys approach the outskirts of the building you saw on the way in. What you see before you, with the little bit of light that dapples the edge of the Suncut Bazaar reflects across metallic framing on the sides of the building. The walls appear to be dark wood leafed with brass and gold, a beacon of precious metal at many points throughout the structure. It looks to be three stories in its entirety. A half-dozen armed guards not adorned in the guise of the Hands of Ord stand at each entrance, probably privately owned by the establishment, and you hear loud music and cheering bursting from within. You catch a chiseled signed across each doorway arch that read "Drensala Quan Luck's Run." Drensala Quan, which is the Marquesian speak for "Luck's Run" with the Common translation beneath it. So as you at your own paces walk through the front doors, the scents of sweat, perfumes, and tobacco immediately hit your nostrils, as the lively melodies of two musical groups compete from across the establishment, forming a strange discordant sound towards the center of the main room. Large square tables draped in crimson cloth fill the space from one end to the other, different shapes and sizes, crowds of different numbers huddled around each. You see three dozen patrons of all walks of life tending to their various games of chance. Card tables, dice games, even a small contained race table in the far corner stir cheers and anguish. You see servants-- Servants dressed in uniformed long shirts of dark gray and gold to match the building's exterior rush drinks, food, and coin between tables as you begin to push through the crowd. You come upon, Keyleth, first, as you push past, to the far room there is a long table with a series of curved, almost miniature maze-like paths and there are five paths that all run alongside each other. As you glance over the crowd, you see five desert lizards about that long that are all being held in cages at one end. And you see a bunch of individuals that are currently in the process of setting bets down on the central table with a number of colored squares around it. They're putting different amounts stacked up on the side, and they're all speaking in a language you don't understand. As you approach and glance over, some of them stop and glance over their shoulder at you, and then go back about their business, not paying attention. About seven feet? They're all in these very well-crafted cages side-by-side at the far end of a table, right next to where all the bets are being placed. And there look to be two guards flanking them and one man at the very end of the table that currently looks to have his hand on a single doorway that is at the front of these cages and is in the process of currently counting up and keeping track of all the best that are being placed. Okay. You walk up to him. (speaking in Marquesian) He's writing little notes, checking on the lizards, making little notes, and as you walk up he looks at you. "Yes, may I help you?" "Be pleased." "Have you not played this before?" "This is my surprised face. This is Quan a Drensal, or The Run of Luck. It is a traditional "old Marquet game of chance. It's what the casino is partially named after. It was founded on this "particular sport, if you will. People bet on which lizard reaches the end first. Then the people who "choose correctly make a profit. The second makes half back what was bet. The rest lose all to the house." "Why?" Make a persuasion check. He goes, "If you wish to put down enough money to make it worth my while to inspect your "investment then perhaps we can talk. However tourists I keep away from the money making." "Well, that is higher than the 25 gold minimum buy-in, so yes. Which of the lizards would "you like to bet on? We have Rul, Sonpa, Thordak, Wendis, and Devo'ssa." "Thordak." "Yes." "It came from the stupid bastard that attacked this city hundreds of years ago." "Because it's a tiny, puny piece of shit lizard. Of course it is." "Which one are you betting on?" He stands back and the two guards muscle a little closer as he goes, "Have a look." And you lean forward and glance across the front of the cages. They all have this reddish-yellow sand-type scaled exterior; darker at the top and lighter on the underbelly. And they're all pretty much the same size; age may differ; you can't really tell which ones are healthy or not from this distance. What are you looking for? To you? There a like foot from you maybe. They're both being very careful. They're watching you very closely. "The money right now, we have currently a total of 750 gold pieces placed in total on the "Rul who has apparently been doing very well for the day. Sonpa has been failing miserably but it "might be the underdog, who knows; they're all in equal health. And the variations can be plenty. "Wendis is okay; Thordak has characteristically no votes. De'vossa has a decent amount. It is up to you. "What do you wish?" All right, go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. Well, let's have a look at Speak with Animals. Let's see exactly what components it requires. Because this is going to largely-- Verbal and somatic so yeah. Sleight of hand. Not even two minutes in the Luck's Front Casino, you lean forward and begin muttering beneath your breath the various druidic incantations and as your fingers begin to manipulate the spectrums of divine energies in your hand, a giant, meaty arm claps down on your hand and pulls you to the side, and the guard pulls you off your feet at his face. "Excuse me, are you "trying to do funny business?" "You are out of the Run." And the other gentleman grabs your shoulder and they begin pushing you out, towards the exit of the Luck's Run. Anybody do anything? All right. As you're conversing with this gentleman, you watch as Keyleth gets pushed very forcefully towards the back door on the opposite side of the chamber and kicked out onto the street; like full on boot-to-the-ass, about a three foot arc before slamming onto the dark red cobblestone streets of the Suncut Bazaar. By the way, you lost your concentration and currently the shoulders are now dampered. You never actually put your money down. Okay, let's see here; we have 25 on Thordak and then we have-- Which is Sonpa. And how much money you put down? 25 gold buy-in for two of you on two different lizards. 25 on Thordak, 25 on Sonpa. The rest of the bets come in, they're marked down, the coins are put on the table in corresponding colors, you guys place them completely incorrectly, and they correct them for you and glare. You watch as the gentleman who's running the event goes, (Marquesian). He lifts up the front of the gates, and all the lizards start scurrying out rapidly. Everyone comes in real fast and begins cheering and cheering and chanting the different names of the people they put money on. All right, as we come around, we are rolling for each individual lizard for the entirety of this endeavor. Yeah, I have rolls for all the different lizards. All right, so. Rul. Be prepared. All right. It's 2d4 for each one to see how well they do. And with that, you watch as they curve around each corner, skittering forward and past. They come around the far end and they come rushing back on the opposite side of the table. People are shouting. One gentleman to the left of you, Vex, seems to have some large cigar-type thing and is blustering out smoke in your vicinity, making you cough a bit, but you're still focused on this. You watch as Rul pulls ahead; Thordak pulls ahead and pulls back. Sonpa pushes forward, and Wendis is falling behind. De'vossa gets close and barely scoots past, and De'vossa is the winner. Second place, you get back half of what you bet so you get 13 gold pieces back. You lose your bet. A few other gentlemen seem to be happy and collect their winnings, and far more seem to be disappointed with the outcome. Some leave; a few more fill the spaces and come back around. The Run of Luck is complete. It's dark, but beautiful with the various lanterns that are now lit. There's carts being pulled by. Some folks are leaving for the evening, some folks are bringing things into the bazaar. They prefer to actually shop during the evening, whatever their wares may be, you don't know. But it seems lively. All right, so? Right. So you keep your way wandering through the casino, looking over different games and such. You come across a card game. This one you've actually heard of it though you haven't actually seen it played before. It's called the Gambit of Ord. It's a competitive card game between a group of card players at a table. That actually has a buy in, but can raise per round back and forth based on who drops out and who doesn't. There is a dice game called Avandra's Favor that involves you actually rolling 2d6 and if you get either a seven or a 12, you win, but you can double the bet to add an additional d6 to try and get either a seven or a 12 if the numbers don't quite meet one or the other. So you go to the dice game. So you go to the Avandra's Favor tables. So you have to wait a moment as there is a small line of people queued up to go ahead and place their bets for the dice. Each person is betting on each individual as they go in, whether or not they're going to make it. You wait for about 15 or so minutes before you watch a couple folks lose horribly and walk away very sorrowful about how much they lost in trying to push their luck as they step away and it's finally your turn. And the woman who's currently helping this table goes, "And you, miss, you are here to play?" "Yes, Avandra's Favor?" "All right! So what is your initial bet, my dear?" "25 gold pieces." How much do you want? To add an additional die. "25 gold pieces, please." Mark that off. She slides it into your square. "All right, now, roll the dice, and may Avandra be with you." 2d6. "Eight? Ah." "Beyond seven, very close! Now, I could take the coin, or you could double your bet and add one "more die." "50 gold." She takes the rest. All right, go ahead and add one more dice. Eight plus--? "Avandra is not by your side this moment. I am so sorry." "All right, 25 gold?" "Now, roll the dice, and may Avandra be with you." "First at the table! Avandra has kissed upon your forehead! Please, take your winnings." And she gives you 50 gold back. "25 gold? Oh, but you've already proven that this has been conquerable. Are you sure 25 is all "you wish to pay?" "The goddess watches over you this moment. How long she may last, we do not know!" "Hmm." "Roll your dice." "Mm, unfortunate." "All right, a bet of 50. Roll your one more die." "The goddess left you. Sorry." "Good evening to you as well." "Thank you kindly. Next up!" And another gentleman muscles past and throws down his coin. "My turn!" He sits down, and other folks come in and begin to watch his next turn go. As this is happening, you're making your way through the casino. They'll know you from your red shirt. About 20 minutes of this as you're watching over, and some folks look down, expecting to see a child, are spooked by it. In your time here, you've only really come across maybe two other gnomes. They're not very prominent here in Ank'Harel as a people, so some folks give you an odd look to the side, a sideways glance as you step around. At one point you do feel one hand clasp onto your shoulder. You glance up and you see a nice, billowing, dark blue silk shirt across a half-orc gentleman with his hair slicked back, short, over the edge of his scalp. He has a really well-trimmed goatee and a very big hoop gold earring in one ear. His hand is wrapped around your shoulder and he goes, "So. Verdaven said we are to speak, yes?" "Well, then. Follow me to more private quarters where we can have a conversation." He releases your shoulder and begins walking up the stairs to the second floor. All right. Make a perception check. You kept your eye the whole time, that was your goal, so you see this happen. Okay. So yeah, Percy, Vax, and Vex, all three of you see Scanlan led upstairs, trailing behind this well-dressed half-orc individual. You guys following, or are you staying where you are? Occasional foot traffic up and down. There does appear to be one of the various hired ruffians to keep the peace around this vicinity at the landing, up where the stairs stop and then head further up. You haven't been to the second floor. Okay. So you guys head to get a drink. I'd say at this point, because you're no longer hiding in a corner, you're actually entering a social place, you'll have to go ahead and roll another stealth check. Okay. So as opposed to just being out of sight, you are trained in the idea of blending in, making various subtle movements to not catch anyone's attention, and to match the energy of the room about you so as to not stand out amongst the crowd. You adjust some of your clothing to match some of the shoulder-tossed shawls that some of the folks in here wear, and you naturally fall into the general atmosphere of the casino. Not a worry. You follow up the stairs and up top you do see there are a couple more tables in a center room, and six doors on each side of this long run, before another staircase heads up to the third floor of this establishment. The half-orc walks to the fourth door on the left, pulls out a key, pulls the door open, glances over his shoulder for a second, and enters the room. As you turn the corner and enter the room, there is a singular table. There are two chairs facing each other. There appears to be some small-- (mooing in music track) As you enter the room, you see there are a few tables on the far side. There is a window that looks out that is currently closed, and the half-orc is now standing on the opposite side of the table. You enter and sit down? Okay, you sit down. As you sit down, the door closes behind you and you see the half-elf that you had met earlier in the alleyway was behind the door, walks around and leaves the room, closing the door behind him. You hear (lock clicking). The half-orc has sat down and goes, "So you were "asking about spice." "Specifically, if I am to understand, 200 gold worth of fusaka?" "Well. Let it be known that I brought, just in case, twice the amount." He reaches off to the side and opens one of the small cupboards that's part of the table arrangement on that side of the room, and pulls out two satchels that are about that big around each, and lifts them both, one after the other, onto the table. They are tied at the very top. It's a high-quality burlap-type material on the outside, only the weave is much tighter so it's not liable to leak or stumble out. "So it is difficult to acquire this. I would say one for 250, or both for 400 gold." "Because I have a reputation to uphold. If you wish not to have any, perhaps you find "business with less viable options." Make a persuasion check. All right. As you glance and look around the side, you can see a tan-skinned half-elf in robes waiting impatiently with his back against the door that you barely saw Scanlan disappear into after he walked out. He gives you a look over. "Should you wish, but be careful not to inhale too "deeply." Then he takes the rope and unfurls and unties it, takes the satchel, and pushes it over towards you. The entire satchel. Well, it's halfway across the table. You go ahead and pull it towards you? It's a little heavier than you expected. It's not a light thing, it's a very heavy material. As you pull it forward, it looks like very, very finely mulched bark almost, or shavings, and it has this pungent smell like dried cheese with a hint of cedar. It's chunky to an extent, and as you're looking over it, he goes, "It requires additional "refining for use, of course." The smell is strong, and the taste is stronger. It is not pleasant to the tongue. The aftertaste does have a unique zest to it. There is a slight numbness, and while the initial flavor is awful, the lingering flavor is actually quite nice, like a spiced meat almost. It catches you off guard. Make a constitution check. Saving throw. 16, okay. Best you can tell there's no immediate effect. You don't know what it's supposed to do. It doesn't seem to be having an effect on you at the moment. Make another constitution saving throw. Still seemingly no effect, and you can see the half-orc is starting to get a little impatient and frustrated. "So you have tried of the wares. Are you satisfied?" His head pulls back a bit and he goes, "You may do as you wish with it upon purchasing. That "is up to you. I am a little worried that you may not be regulating your intake." "That it would." His immediate eager lean forward slips back into an arms-crossed. "400 was already a discount." "400." He takes the other satchel and is about to push it forward and is seemingly waiting. Okay. As you both wait a moment and pause, you both shove it across at the same time, and he catches the coin pouch after watching you count it across the table. Both your satchels are at your disposal. He goes, "It has been a pleasure doing business with you. If it's not too much to ask, in "case you require further assistance, what shall I call you?" "The Meat Man. I hope to do more business with you in the future, Meat Man." "I have a few titles, but in these circles, you may call me Rutur." "Rutur." "Of course it is." "It does not affect you immediately." He takes his coin, gets up, walks around the table, knocks on the door, a couple knocks. It opens, the half-elf peers through. The door opens completely. He stops as you say that. The half-orc rolls his eyes, looks over to the half-elf and goes, (speaking Marquesian). The other one turns. (sighs) "I'll be right back." And he goes to one of the other rooms. In 30 seconds, he comes back with some sort of a backpack-type ensemble and tosses it to you. You catch it. "Now, "should you need more, just ask around the bazaar." And they both quickly head down the stairs past you. They both stop on their step and look at each other and keep walking. They exit the casino and you have your satchel. Make a constitution saving throw. Seemingly no effect, little bit of numbness in the gum where you placed it. As time passes, the after flavor does get better, actually, surprisingly. (chuckling) Make another constitution saving throw. Aftertaste is quite nice. You guys make a constitution saving throw. The aftertaste is nice. For the cost of two gold pieces amongst the three of you, or four of you, if you're a part of this as well, Grog-- With a simple shoulder tap and an introduction, they turn with a smile and stare directly into the rhino-like helmet on your forehead, seem confused, and lose interest very quickly. Make a deception check. Now, the third woman you've come across in here turns around. She's maybe early forties, graying sides to her hair, pulled up tight, but impeccable makeup, beautiful jeweled earrings. She turns and gives you a glance. "Oh, well, my apologies for not recognizing greatness in my "presence. So why do you bother me?" "I do not mean to blush in the presence of such greatness, ha. I need to speak to my "compatriot first. Honey?" And this gentleman turns around, in fairly nice attire, dark blacks, jeweled necklaces, dark skin, square jaw, rather well-built, a human. Turns and goes, "Yes, my "dear?" "This fine fellow here is asking to spend the night with me, if that's all right with you." And he goes, (chuckles) "What, this one?" They both share a glance and look back at you, and he goes, "Piss off, half-born putz." "Piss off." And he takes her arm by his side and pulls her close to him. Make an intimidation check. As you lean in, he leans back and goes, "Oh, well, I'm sorry, I did not realize that was not "part of your actual forehead." You feel, now, several hands meet your shoulders as it appears about five of the various guards of the establishment have encircled you, grabbed you, and are now pulling you away from the group. They're grabbing you by the arms, now, and they're pulling you toward the entrance. And it takes all five of them, but they do manage to (grunt) heave-ho you out onto your face across the cobblestones, where Keyleth is there waiting, watching this happen. You guys have just gotten your drinks, which are -- The guy at the front goes, "Well, certainly. That would be an additional gold piece per drink." "Six gold, please." All right, you have your drinks. The cups themselves probably cost about three copper each. You all are a bunch of out-of-towners being taken for a ride by every one of these patrons who comes across you. So you head back to the Debt's Respite, you go back to your respective rooms, finish your drinks along the way. You have your Luck's Run collectible to-go cups that you bought off the barkeep because, sure. Yeah, make a nature check. 14. I mean, it resembles a few things in your past that you've come across, when cut down and processed, but you're not familiar with this one, unfortunately. Yeah, it is definitely natural. There's a brief bit of numbness that comes to your gums. The flavor is awful, and then it fades into a pleasant, smoky flavor. Make a constitution check. Constitution saving throw, at least. 19. You seem to be fine. I mean, the initial taste is not bad. You've eaten far worse. And the lingering flavor is quite delicious. (gulping sound) No effect. A few minutes go by, your stomach gets a little upset, but then it passes. Yeah, a little bit, but then it passes. Okay. The flame takes it, leaving behind this burning ember. The smoke emanates off of it. It gives this little plume of grayish brown. Smells really nice. It smells like a very fancy kitchen. Yeah, yeah. As you head downstairs -- Eventually you find Treev is down there, watching over the counter. "Oi, hi, how do you do." "Oh, we got a bit over here. It's a bit pricey." "A bit, at least, for what it's worth. You only want to use bits and pieces in the meats." "Use too much and it spoils the flavor." "You'd probably get sick a bit, I imagine." It does itch. No, you've pretty much figured out at this point that it is just a flavoring spice. Those flavors didn't mingle too well. You feel a little queasy. Oh wait. Oh, this was the sandkheg? Make a constitution saving throw. 17, okay. Beneath your nose, you can't feel anything. And right now, yeah, from here down. You guys watch as his tongue is hanging out, and you watch as drool is now pouring down the side of his chin. Make a sleight of hand check. Heh. Out of the corner of your eye, you see Percy pulling a shiny object from around your shoulders. All right, you guys find yourselves to your respective rooms. You all have a full night's rest, back to full hit points. You get half your maximum hit dice back if you've spent any more than half of them. Scanlan, you wake up, quite a pounding headache in your head, but the rest of your body has its feeling back as you come to consciousness. And another persona of Scanlan was born. All righty, so what are your plans for the day? As you stumble down into the main tavern area, you can see Treev's barely conscious himself and a few other patrons are waiting eagerly for their food as a few of the various barkeep assistants are bringing out breakfasts and meals. "You'll want food on your way out, then?" "Hair of the dog, it is." "Ah, get rid of them. Well, other than the fact that they're a bunch of stuffy folk and "generally not really considered classic traditional Ank'harel, I mean good luck getting a "right answer out of anyone." "Snobs of the highest order! At least from what I've seen. Allegiance of All-Sight and all that." "Nope. No word. Who knows how long it'll take. She might not even like it. You may never "hear back from her. In which case, if you wait long enough, I can see if I can hire someone else "for you." You get your food in your system. It helps. The next 15 minutes or so of you finishing your breakfast, the headache fades for the most part. The pounding subsides. Sure, you walk up to Treev, who's right now sitting there reading a book, has like a rather thick pair of glasses that look rather hilarious against the small dragonborn eyes, focus against the really rough and tumble exterior. "How big a bag are you talking?" "Hog's head bag. It depends on where you're buying it. Ten gold?" (groaning and laughter) "For spice, yeah! Mostly dealing with coppers and silvers for mere poison food flavor." "12? Fusaka's fusaka and you don't find many folks that're asking for its flavor except for "particular dishes, so I only keep maybe a small flagon of it at any times. In fact, last night is "the first time someone asked for it in about three months." "Well, it comes--" and he goes through like a small spice rack on the side of the kitchen, comes back out and pulls out a small glass container. He uncorks the top and inside you can see it's a very fine dark brown powder. He says, "It comes in bits but you grind it down and then "you sprinkle it over, cook it proper, usually with slow roasts, and it's quite nice." "No worries." Who's leading the charge to the Crystal Chateau? He thinks for a second, "Ain't been around those areas for a bit. Those'll be over in the "Sigil District, and that's right down in the southeastern side of Ank'harel. Look for the "raised landmass where it's carved off at the top. That's where most of all the bastards live and "most of the training's done by the Allegiance folk." "My pleasure." All right. Make an investigation check. Six. What'd you roll? At least it's not a one. It takes you about four hours of wandering the city to finally get the proper directions to lead you towards the Sigil District to the Crystal Chateau. As you ascend through these streets, the red cobblestone that you've seen through most of the streets of Ank'harel gives way to this slightly opalescent surface where the light itself almost dances across the surface of the stones. It shifts in the outskirts of where the large hillside comes to an end, and the buildings here give way to an open space where you see a large, open square, but in the center of the square, there are ropes around some sort of large hole in the ground, probably a good 150 feet across. It is a circular chasm off to the eastern side of this large open square. There are maybe a half dozen individuals standing around the lip of it. A few of them are armed and armored, and a few of them seem to be dressed in long, relatively nice robes and light clothing. You see a number of longhouses with high steepled roofs with a yellowish-tan tint to them. These buildings are very nice. They look constructed in a type of architecture that's more reminiscent of Tal'Dorei or other civilizations than you've seen most of Ank'Harel's construction, so you figure these buildings are probably newer or at least this district seems to have a little different cultural flavor to it than the rest of the city. To the southern side of it you do see a large multi-tiered structure that is made of a smoky quartz mixed with white marble in places. This, with an immediate glance, you'd probably gather is the Crystal Chateau. Make an investigation check. You take a moment, glance down closely, and look at it. It looks like the cobblestones of this particular district, and it's only really towards the top of this hill, where all the rest of these buildings are constructed, has a very faint trace of ground-in whitestone particles that had been part of the construct of these floors. A large portion of whitestone, over time, has been exported to this location for the construction of the top of this hill. As soon as you walk up, two of the guards give you a keen look and put their hands on the sides of their sheathed weapons. They look at each other and some of the more-- for lack of a better term, more academic looking individuals-- shy away from this seemingly growing possible confrontation, from their perspective. They begin to pull back and walk down this slightly descending, spiral-like path, that's about ten feet off the inside of this carving into the floor. They begin to descend down into it. One of the guards says, "This is where the Allegiance is currently excavating." "The Allegiance runs all of the schools here." "You are not from here?" "Well, please be on your way." As you walk and turn away, they keep a close eye as you step back into the open area of the square. The ziggurat is a subterranean chamber that was found through a long series of tunnels that were carved beneath a long swath of land, underneath Whitestone Castle, to the actual city of Whitestone. This appears to be just a large, strip mine-like cylinder that descends deep into the earth. You haven't been able to get close enough to look down toward the bottom of it. About 150 feet across. You're estimating from this distance. Correct. You can see there is actually a pattern to the carving of the earth. It looks like it's been carved in, layer after layer after layer, much like a small-scale strip mine. Make an investigation check. Yeah. It's hard to tell. For all your training in Whitestone, you haven't really been too keen on reading about the various details and specifications behind paving roads. You hear a crunching between his pearly white, larger-than-average goliath teeth. That's always worked out well for you guys in the past. You make your way south of the square to the Crystal Chateau. There is a large white iron gate that surrounds the premises. And from where the cobblestone ends beyond that gate it is a fairly beautiful, well-kept, fenced-off garden, where you see some trees popping up, green grass. Looks to be a small stream that runs through, there's a bridge off the main path that leads to the chateau that goes over it. The water seems to butt up against the chateau and vanish beneath it, to continue within the actual structure. As you head to the front gate you see the door there, and there are two small handles on the outside. You go to pull and it doesn't open. It's that iron-like vibration of a heavy gate. You wait a few moments, and in the distance, you see the large two doors to the chateau, one peeks open slightly and a little head peeks through. It's about, maybe, 50 feet from you at this distance, and he disappears back behind the door. The door still remains ajar, but the figure has pulled back in. Are you shouting this at a distance? The head peeks out again and you get a better look at it this time. It's short, oval to the side almost? The head has this very wide, short, stocky, very pointed nose and a very pointed chin. No facial hair, however. Bald on top and what you see as a bit of grey hair that's frizzed on the sides. As it steps outside, you see its stature is similar to Scanlan's. This appears to be a gnomish individual. Pale skin, paler than most of you and definitely most people you've seen here in Ank'Harel and as it steps out, it has white robes with gray streaks across the front and back that fall into this cape in the back and with its arms placed within its robes. Its small footfalls comes across the path, over the bridge, up to the front of the gate and is now facing you guys on the other side of the gate. Up close, it is a very old gnome. Those of you who have known gnome longevity, that's many years. Strangely adorable, the eyes are tiny and beady, the eyebrows are furrowed. There's a slight smile and this elderly sweetness to him as he approaches with his arms in his robe. "Yes?" "No, I am not. I am Grymond Trog." "Grymond Trog." "You, as well, and well met, whoever you are." "You don't have to do that here." And he responds in Gnomish to you, "Very well. I will go and see if the Headmaster is "available. I cannot promise anything, but I will return." You guys see this exchange in Gnomish. It sounds like (fast twittering). The gnome spins around and darts back into little footfalls, coasting a strange little zig-zag back to the original doors and disappears. The doors don't close; they remain ajar. You wait about 15 minutes before the gnome, Grymond, pops his head out once more. "Just a "minute." Pops back in. Pops back out about ten minutes later. Darts over to the edge. "My apologies for keeping you "waiting. The headmaster is unable to see visitors at the moment." "Perhaps try next week." "Is there something I can help you with?" "That's very sweet." 20? Persuasion check. His eyes blink. Sigh. "Just a moment." Turns around and disappears back up the walkway to the building. You wait another 30 minutes. You wait another ten minutes, and right as your frustration is beginning to mount and you're ready to start rattling that gate, you see a figure, much taller, step out from the open door to the front of the Crystal Chateau. Much slower and deliberate walk. This taller humanoid, as it approaches, you see the same white robes with the same silver grey band that goes over the shoulders, the mantle pointing out past the shoulders, as it passes back into a cloak that drifts behind. The train of the robe's dragging just a few inches past the back. They seem longer than should be for a normal traveling person; they're almost ceremonial. As the humanoid approaches, you can see silver, almost purple-colored hair, that just falls back and trails past, without a stray hair in place, long past the shoulders, almost like a secondary cloak and flows with each step, just like the cloak does. The face is pure elven, skin pale white, the eyes white with a very faint gold iris. No pupil. Seems young, though the graying hair does lead you to believe that there is some age to this elven individual. Approaches, hands together in front. Eventually comes to the edge of the gate. "My "apologies for the delay. Apparently, you have both the assistance of the soul of the jeweled city at "your disposal, and you've convinced my clerk that you have important business. Well, you have ten "minutes of my time. What can I do for you?" "Very well." He snaps his fingers and utters this incantation under his mouth. Suddenly you have this crackling blue wall appear above you, and you all are encased inside this cube-like box, it's about 25 by 25 feet, you hear this slight vibration crackling around you. The fence is still between us, but it's enclosed. It closed all of you into this box, including himself. And all the breeze that was blowing through has been halted. You hear none of the surrounding sounds of the city around you. This appears to be a fairly private place. (laughs) For at least the time he's willing to give you. "I don't really pay attention to matters that far from where we are. I have important "things to tend to." It's rudimentary. It's a Princess Leia, froze, coming out of R2D2 in A Lost Hope. Takes a look at it, seemingly unmoved, and goes, "And?" "That sounds like an absolutely remarkable endeavor and I wish you the best of luck." As you do say whitestone, his eyes for the first time do lock into yours. "Well. You now have six more minutes of my time. If you are here for simple identification "purposes, I can aid you in this. What would you like me to see for you?" He leans forward and places his hands through the gate openings on the sides of where the various bars are and touches them, and his eyes flare with a flash of sudden arcane energy. His hands just tense for a moment, and he lets go. "Indeed they are. A Vestige! I have not seen one in "person. Congratulations. That is a very worthy find. There are museums and collectors that would "pay quite a penny for such an item." "I have come across them in my research, yes." "I've heard of it." "A cloak? Yes. Yes, I have come across it in my papers before, but that was quite some time ago "and that's the extent of my knowledge, I fear. Sorry." Leans forward, this time with one hand and touches the edge of it. As he touches the edge, it curls against the tip of his finger and he pulls back, a little bit creeped out by it. "Fenthras." And his eyes flash again. The bow seems to stop moving for a second and then relax back into its slow, organic movement. "This is also quite a find. A powerful weapon. Fey in "nature. It seems to extend sight and grow that which it slays." He gives you information on each of these Vestiges as part of his Identify spell, and there is no additional information beyond what you already know about the item. (French accent) "Mythcarver?" He takes it. His eyes flash again as he glances over the blade. "One of the non "divine-based Vestiges. Here you are. Much like those knuckles." "Some were created in the sphere of some deity's influence. Some were created by powerful "practitioners of the arcane. Remember, the Calamity, the battle that sparked the Divergence "itself, was a battle against the gods, against wayward arcane magics, and the division between "the societal belief in both." "No, the Allegiance has only been around for about 80, 90 years. But some of us have come "across information about these, as scattered as they are." "It resonates with sound and speech and song." He gives you basically the information you have about the Mythcarver. He reaches forward and touches the armor. Eyes flash again. He gives you a full, detailed description of the armor you're holding. He says, "This has been awakened. Interesting, yes. It's "rare that artifacts have an awakening. Interesting." "I do not know. This is my first time actually handling any Vestiges. For the record, "you carrying this many puts quite a target on your back from anyone who's interested in selling them "or making them their own. I would recommend not telling anyone what you have in your possession." "Good, keep it that way." "Unfortunately, you've expended most of my identification this day." "Might I have a look at that?" He takes it, reaches into his robes, pulls out a very well-crafted glass jeweler's piece, glances over it for a second. He clicks a small button on the side of it. Each time he does, you see the lens change color on the end of it. "I have not seen "anything like this. Not of condensed, purified whitestone." As you take it, he gives a little resistance, "The possibilities of such a substance "is intriguing." Go for it. Okay. "Should you have any more that you do not require, I am sure I could convince the Allegiance "to pay quite a hefty sum." "If I may have your name, then, sir?" Okay. He takes it. "I look forward to your return once this wyrm intrusion is completed, and we can discuss "business." "No, we're good, but thank you." "You are asking us to spend this last minute of time that I've promised to you to retrieve my "clerk to see what your tea set does?" "Very well." "Referring to what?" "I do not, nor does the Allegiance, get involved in political matters. We are simply a "collection of scholars and we attempt to keep it that." "I would say that is probably a bit beyond my capability. But if, indeed, that little bauble "that your tiny friend carries is to believe true, I think you've already found favors and allies far "beyond anything we could provide." "Well, perhaps you should get on seeing them felled fairly soon, then." "The city has seen quite a few aggressors, and not one has made it farther than the outside walls." "And yet you have already felled a few yourselves. I am certain you will be "successful in the rest of your endeavor." "Druja? Yes, that was naught but 60 years ago. There was a bit of an incursion, an uprising, "of a guild that was getting a bit big for its britches and was muscling its way through most of "the Suncut Bazaar. Some sort of a conflict arose, and the streets were lined with bodies at certain "moments. However, it seems that they were dealt with rather quickly, succinctly. One of our "wayward mages that had apparently been helping helm this endeavor was brought to justice with a "blade to his throat." "I mean no disrespect to you, but it is a place of particular sourness and shame within the "Allegiance, and we wish to move on from it." "We know it well, and it will not be repeated. I do not know you, yet you ask us "questions deep within our history that we do not wish to discuss for our own reasons." As you put your finger up, he puts up three fingers. "And that is your ten minutes. Thank you "so much for your time. Please, do make sure the Allegiance knows once you've completed your "journey up in wherever these dragons are and return. I think there are many things we could "discuss, to the benefit of both you and us. Now, I have things to attend to. I wish you good day." And with that, he exits back and the door closes shut. This time, the four hours lost since waking, you're probably pushing 200 in the afternoon. Magical effect, just so you know. Free-range magic. Yeah, you did. Okay. You guys all heading there? All right. So the three of you guys make your way, remembering the path that you very carefully marked in your memory, to where you followed the messenger through the other day. You guys follow Vax back to the outside of the Debt's Respite and trace the path in which he followed that silent messenger that Treev had sent off when you first made your request of the mistress. Heading through alleyways, diving over from upper to lower levels through long hallways, beneath buildings, to small side roads, until eventually you find your way into this small area that's nestled in between two large warehouses. There appears to be some crates. There's some barrels around this small building that reads, on the sign above the door, A Kingly Home. The door is closed. There appears to be a window right next to the door. There is the series of barrels, and there's the one barrel you saw where the individual moved it and placed the actual request that you guys made through a small slot in the wall. You can see-- actually, everyone roll a stealth check, who's coming through. Yeah, you guys are behind, so the three of you guys. Not you, Grog. You're not going. Okay. You guys make your way through the hallway. As you turn the corner, there is one person turning around the corner the opposite direction, who's carrying a bundle of various large, nut-like fruits. He turns and bumps into you and almost drops it and catches it, "Be more "careful," then just continues walking past. You guys look into the main area where the home is, and it's right there before you. Other than that person who just passed by, it's pretty quiet here. This part of the city doesn't see a lot of foot traffic, which is probably why it makes for a nice home for an individual that does shady work. You can make a perception check. You guys take the next few minutes quietly off in the shadows, looking about the upper and lower regions of this small alcove where the house is. About four or five minutes into that, you're pretty certain that nobody here is hidden and you are alone other than the home, at least for the time being. Does it require attunement? Do you have a cloak attuned to you right now? That's correct, you do not. So yeah, you could put that on if you want. (buzzing) Scanlan becomes this dragonfly with gorgeous, rainbow-like color and a tiny little beret. What do you want to do, Scanlan? You (tink) against the glass. The window is closed. The door is actually pretty flush with the ground. You glance over the top of the roof. There actually is no chimney. You guys watch the dragonfly (tink) It's dark inside. The drapes are drawn except for a little bit of a sliver where the light would get through. You see a little peek of a wooden floor, but there's no light from the inside. Make an investigation check. 24. After coming around, you begin to slink around by the barrels and you can see, in the stonework that has been built, the masonry that forms the exterior of the building, there appears to be a very small hole, about cork-size, hidden behind one of the barrels in the front. There's just enough space between the wall where you can barely squeeze in and poke through. It's big enough where your wings will hit, so you have to attach to it and crawl through before coming out the other side. As you come out the other side, you're now inside the house. Dark interior. Make a perception check. You're inside the building, but it is very dark. All you see is the one little beam of light coming through the window that is facing where the sun currently is in the sky and is creating the one beam on the ground and the little bit of wood that's there. That's as much as you can make out at the moment. You knock into a shelf unit. (buzzing) You knock into another shelf unit. (buzzing) You stop on the top of a chair that's off in a far corner. Go over it. You glance over and a little bit of light is bouncing off the sunbeam. You can see, beneath the opening where you came in, the rolled-up scroll, that was placed inside the small case that held your guys' message, is still resting right beneath the opening, untouched. Yeah, you can keep going through the house. There's a big part of the house you haven't explored yet. Make another perception check. All right. It's fairly dark in here. Let me check one thing in the monster manual. I'm just going to see if there's some possibility-- No, but I'm looking for-- Honestly, thinking about it here, you probably might have blindsight from a lot of different insects. I'm not an expert on insect biology. As you putter around to the opposite side of the room, you can see there is a small table. There is a very simple bed on the side. There is a carpet that has been pulled and half-folded over. There is an opening on the floor on the opposite corner, a staircase that descends below, and a trapdoor that is left open. All right. You find the opening, pull through, and then come through on the opposite side. So Vax, you head back. You get the rest of the party. Vex? You actually see a couple folks walk by. You take Scanlan and you guys step into the shadows. You wait a minute for them to just pass by, and as soon as they're out of earshot, you head back. You may. Make an investigation check. Doesn't appear to be trapped. Oh, this would be a sleight of hand. Not sleight of hand. No, this is a lock-pick tool, a thieves' tools check. So you add your proficiency bonus and your dexterity bonus. Your proficiency bonus is five, right? And what's your dexterity bonus? So add ten to your d20 roll. Okay, so plus ten, 24. Oh, four plus ten? You put your lock pick inside. As simple as it looks from the outside, it's a very intricate lock. You spend about five minutes with it. You're not getting any of the tumblers. Just roll a d20 and add your dexterity modifier. He pulls out a couple of barely unfurled pieces of wire, puts them in there for a second, and they both break inside of it. Okay, you're now inside. As you go back to the door, you can see there is a heavy latch and some sort of a padlock on it. You have gotten back pretty quick, full speed. You guys, over the next two minutes or so, the rest of the party gets there. You can go ahead and make another shot. The DC is going to increase, though. Very difficult because it is not only a difficult lock, with the interior padlock, but Scanlan broke off pieces of wire in it that are in danger of permanently breaking the lock and making it unusable. You, however, thankfully manage to maneuver the tools to remove the pieces of wayward wire, finish the lock, and as soon as you finish unlocking the padlock on the inside with a curved piece, the door opens, and there's a slight flash. Nothing. No noise. Make a perception check. 16? Ah, as Scanlan from the inside and you on the outside, you take a quick glance inside, just scanning around. You can see bed on the far side, the trapdoor that's open, the stairs that lead down. What catches your eye is right around the outside of the entrance to the basement, you see these dark spots across the ground that generally fade as they reach the door that you're at. These are familiar spots. These are tiny little spatters of viscera, blood. Dried. Leading from the trapdoor to the door, dissipating as it comes to your door. It looks like it's been there for a while, yeah. As you get close and look down, you can see, in a couple of the dried blood smears, there appear to be footprints in them that are heading out. Make an investigation check. The trapdoor is still open. It's left open and the stairs that descend. There is no trap in the vicinity. Looks like it's been untouched for a while. You guys are just now starting to approach the outside of the house. As you get there, you see the door is partially ajar, and it is open, and you can vaguely see movement on the inside of Vex and Scanlan looking about. Perception check. Okay. The three of you looking about. There are some people in the distance that pass by three alleys down, but there's nobody paying attention to or immediately in the vicinity of this little alcove. Nothing unusual. If you look on the inside of the door, there is actually a hand print in blood against the top of it. No, it looks like, as it wraps around the top, it looks like somebody had lifted it up. Looking at the inside handle, there are very faint traces of dried blood. Sure, make an investigation check. Okay, you put it away. You guys are out in the open right now, slowly inspecting the ground in the middle of this alley. Yeah, you're all inside. Vax is vanishing down the trapdoor. Okay. As you guys are scanning this, Vax, you head down into the bottom. Beneath this small hovel in this trapdoor, the stairs stop and to the left of you there is another door that is partially left open into another chamber that is beneath. The door is open, but yeah. Does not appear to be trapped. You pull it open, look inside. This is a larger chamber with a much better set of furniture. It looks like the woman that you had hired probably lived here more than above. You see what would be weapons racks, but have been cleaned out. You see a couple of lanterns that are placed upon a table in the corner that have since burned out. One of them has actually fallen over, and it appears the glass is broken on the ground. Make a perception check. Glancing across the room, you can see more of the thicker blood spatters with other footprints in them. Multiple footprints. You see a body, still, on the other side of the room. You come up to the body, and it appears to be a female form. You see black hair with white streaks throughout. Ornate scale mail armor of black and purple. As you pull her over, the face appears to be in her mid to late forties. Her left eye is ruined and sealed closed with a scar. There is a very large pool of drying, coagulated blood sitting beneath her. Giving a moment to inspect her, she is indeed dead and has been for the better part of a week. Her wounds involve several severe puncture wounds throughout her torso. Multiple stabs, one in her throat. Are the rest of you guys coming down to see this? Investigation checks for the guys who are checking the room. What are you guys checking? Investigation check on the body. Investigation check on the room. There's a lot of foot movements, some more heavy than others. It looks like there was a scuffle here, but it's hard to tell how many people were involved. Definitely more than two. What'd you roll? 21? 15? You're having a hard time finding anything that really specifically represents that scuffle. Okay. Trinket begins sniffing around the room. Keyleth, you find a series of puncture marks in the walls themselves, in some of the dirt and stone parts of the wall, some small stab puncture wounds across the wall in different places. It is pitch dark. Percy, for the most part, you don't have any sort of sight-- The room now illuminates, and you all have a very clear perspective on this. You, inspecting the body, the puncture wounds that are in the front have corresponding puncture wounds in the back as well. You can see clasps on the shoulders where a cloak would be affixed, but the clasps have been broken off and there is no cloak there. What'd you roll for an investigation check? 18? Most of the room has been completely ransacked. It looks like there were places where some things might have been useful, but they have been taken. You find a couple of discarded jewel boxes or lockboxes that have since been broken open and left with a couple scattered gold coins here and there, but this place has been completely cleaned out. There looks to be one hidden passage behind this one cabinet, where all the drawers have been pulled out and left on the ground empty, but behind that there is a small tunnel that exits outward. You don't know. As you're inspecting it, you're seeing more and more of these, each one of these puncture marks that hit the front, also correspond to the back. It's a clear wound through each way and it appears to be a burn around the outside of each one of these punctures. You are very familiar with these type of wounds. Corresponding to the punctures you've seen in the wall behind, you go back, check, and begin to pry in, and you pull out small, iron balls. It's a left hand. There are, yes. Corresponding exit wounds. Okay. You guys follow this tunnel. It's a very small tunnel, and it continues on for a very intense period of time. Okay. Keeping your eyes up as you continue along, you do not find any traps. Eventually it comes up and stops. There above, you can see there's a small series of hand platforms or grooves in the wall that lead up to this cylinder and above you can see a grate. You climb up and push off there. You come out. Just glancing up very carefully over the side, you see an opening into the Suncut Bazaar, just outside of an alleyway that opens up into the rest of the chaos. Trinket did not, actually. Trinket had a rough time trying to just get the bearings and find anything specific. Okay, you head back and join the group. As you guys sit here and contemplate the various possibilities as to who is responsible for this, where they may be, why, and if they indeed have this Vestige in their grasp, we'll end tonight's session there and pick this up next week.