Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where Taliesin jumps the gun and says his phrase too late. Welcome. Happy to be back. Very emotional episode last week. We're going to kick it into the next step of Vox Machina's adventure this week, and then, me, Marisha, and Taliesin will be gone next week, so there will not be progression in this current storyline. However, Liam O'Brien over there has been cracking up an awesome one-shot adventure for our remaining players and a few guests. Liam, if you want to talk a little about it? Yeah, it's going to be fun. This is Liam's brainchild, and I'm excited to see them play through it. I think you'll be fine. If the last game was any indication, I think you'll be fine. All right, other announcements once again, we have our wonderful sponsor with a new theme kicking in. Sam, you want to take this away? All right, thank you, Sam. Perfect. (laughs) All right, other announcements that we have. Let's see. Projects that have come up. They recently announced and put up the English cast video for Final Fantasy XV. I have the pleasure of playing Cor Leonis. It's a lot of fun. As a longtime Final Fantasy fan, being a part of this means a great deal, and I'm excited for the game that comes out in November. So if you haven't checked out the video, do so and you can watch me wax poetic briefly about my love of the series. Look forward to that. Yeah, man! They chose my soundbite for the end of it. I was like (explosion). Felt cool about that. It's like I played a bunch of them. Also, Deus Ex came out. Mankind Divided. I am scattered throughout the game with a very harsh Russian, Eastern European dialect, as many characters, probably yelling at you or being shot in the face. So enjoy that, as well. Hey, you know? Everyone's got a skillset. Anybody else have anything they want to announce? That's right! We just got nominated for a Streamy. A Streamy award under gaming. Games. It's awesome! It is now decided by whatever the Illuminati Streamy committee is. Love you, Mark. We're just excited to be in that ring. Thank you guys for being so awesome and supporting us, and hopefully some of us will get to dress up fancy and show up and go home proud that we went. And Muzzled the Musical, which I co-created, which Ashly Burch stars in, who you'll see next week, that got nominated for best indie. It's good. Awesome. Anything else you guys want to talk about? Anyone else have anything they want to talk about before we jump into the game? All righty. That being the case, then let's go ahead and hop into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] All right, so. Vox Machina. Taking your time to mourn in your own interesting ways. What is your path of action? What is your course, going forward? Okay. So you've all spent the majority of it in your respective rooms-- most of you in your respective rooms-- figuring out where you are as a person and where this story leads you. After an evening's rest, the next morning comes around, breakfast is already prepared by the servants in the castle, though maybe not the amount of bacon you were hoping, and easily rectified upon request. It's at your disposal. There is a tension in the city; the barrier remains up. As you're having breakfast, you can see Zahra wander in at the smell of bacon, glances over the rest of you, still holding a book at her side that she slams closed. "Oh. I'm glad to see you're all "right, and you're safe. Please tell me there's more bacon." She comes and sits down and spends breakfast with you guys, catching up on what has transpired and what your current plan of action is. "Kind of. Let's just say we're estranged at the moment." "You will find no allies where you're asking. Believe me, I'd be happy to offer if we "could, but no." "It's all right. I'm going to continue with my research, since the rest of the ziggurat clan "are now scattered about or maintaining that barrier. Guess who has to do the research in the "meantime?" And she rolls her sleeves up; you can see the slightly smudged dirt across her reddish skin. She's been hard at work digging around trying to figure out what the basis of this enchantment beneath the city still is. "I'm certain time will allow me at some point. It better. I'm going a little stir-crazy." She grabs the bacon from the table and walks out of the room. "I'm sorry, what?" "I haven't seen him for a couple days. I've been underground most of the time." It's actually a sigil by memory that he has, and it's a spell that he casts. It's not a permanent fixture in the city. It's a renewal feature. He has to spend some time each day maintaining it. He's not stuck there the whole time. Roll an intelligence check. That's what they look like. They're huge. Most definitely. They're nasty; they burrow. The actual blood within their body is heated to such a degree that even to be in a scuffle with it is to scar yourself with flame and heat. You guys head outside of Castle Whitestone. Not far from the base of the pathway into the actual city, you can see there is a series of newer-outfitted guards. They are people being trained in the force of combat. You can see that there's definitely a ramping-up of the defense force for Whitestone as a precaution. Many of them look able-bodied and people that are strong and fit, but they do appear to be civilians that have had to take up the cause just in case. No kids, no. They all look to be at least of strapping age, to be carrying a weapon. As you are watching the group go through their different weapon practice moments, they're breaking off into small sparring groups and they're going up against ramshackle built training dummies. There are a few that are doing forms in succession. (grunts) You know the deal. You do see on the opposite end that the person who is currently helming one section of the training is Kashaw. You can see a bunch of shield and spear fighters right now, and he's basically giving them instruction on how to use a shield defensively and the spear offensively simultaneously. As you approach, you see him leaning in with younger, early twenties-looking men. A bit scrawny; they're still armored; the helmet looks a little lopsided. Kashaw's like, "You're not "supposed to put the shield away. (sighs) Oh, wonderful. Take five. Take 30. So. You're alive. "That's great. I'm excited. What can I do for you?" "Depends on where and what you'd have me doing." "So you're saying that I go back to frozen-ass Vasselheim to deliver a paper message "to the headmistress, whom already I am so happy to be away from." He glances over at the rest of the soldiers. "Yeah, I'll take it." (laughter) "I'll do my best to muster some semblance of emphasis." "All right. Give me a list of what you've got to offer. I'll bring it to them." Make a check. As you're having this conversation, (whack) right in the knee cap, a surprisingly painful and forceful blow. It's less the strength behind it and more the precision in which it strikes you right between the kneecap and the rest of the lower half of your knee. Yeah, and you're like (grunts) and you glance over and you see Vax hide a wooden sword quickly behind him as he backs away. Roll a strength check. Actually, this time it's an attack roll, as well. You're not proficient with a sword. (laughs) You whack him. This time, it hits the meat of his thigh and has no effect. Okay, roll an attack roll. Before this happens, as you're getting up, you watch as Vax rears back, and as he throws it, (yelps) he pulls a muscle in his shoulder and it drops to the ground, and you're like (pained noises). Make a persuasion check. You watch as roughly 45 armored soldiers all turn towards you with their shields and spears... and freeze. They all slowly look towards Scanlan and whisper among themselves, then look back at Grog and stay frozen and two creep forward for a minute. Get a little closer. As your form swells into your now enlarged goliath battle-ready form, you notice a few of them start giving off this rattling metal sound as their armored knees (clanging) together. Many of them step back about ten feet, and Kashaw, who hasn't left entirely, spins around and goes "The "gnome's fucking with you. It's fine!" He walks up to you, Scanlan, pats your arm and goes, "That was "pretty funny." "Don't get the people killed. I've been working on them for four days." Well, we'll see. Go ahead and roll an attack roll. Roll a strength check. Okay. Roll again because he used a Luck point to force you to reroll your attack roll. What was the strength roll again? Strength check was 24. So as you peek out of the corner of your eye you hear this (heavy steps) and as you try and spin and dodge out of the way instinctually-- I know and we'll get to that. Instinctually, you turn to dodge out of something Grog-sized, not giant-sized. And in that brief minute that you remember that he grew, you pause just long enough to (whack) feel the force of what feels like a giant battering ram slam into your side, sending you off your feet and arcing a good 30 feet before you (impact) tumble and skid to the ground. What's your strength modifier? Seven. You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to half because you're taking Uncanny Dodge. So only seven points bludgeoning damage. You stay there for a second, stunned. You feel a bit of bile and iron taste in the back of your throat. (laughing) Make an investigation check. They appear to have maintained their composure as gauntlets. You watch as a lot of the soldiers who had been watching this endeavor step even further away from Grog, and some of them begin walking off, taking their helmets off. "All right, we're done." They all nod their heads. "Yeah, I know that. Thank god!" But they're all doing this while still locking eyes with him. "That's great." And slowly walk off. A portable writing desk? You have access to a quill and ink, you have access to parchment. You have access to that, yes. All right. Yes, you have access to that. He has a spell for that. (laughter) As you finish penning the letter, you read over it once, twice, make sure all the information is contained. You go ahead and grab the little bit of your offering of dragon scales and teeth. Present them to Kashaw. He takes the letter and reads it over. "Sure." "Are you going to do your tree thing for me? Otherwise, I can walk, but it'll be a month and a "half before I get to shore." "I'm can figure something out." (chuckles) "No." "All right." Gets his shield and his spear and walks down with Keyleth towards the Sun Tree. As he's walking down, at your side. As he walks with you down the pathway, having this conversation. It's that awkward, quiet about three, four minutes of walking before he goes. (sniffs) "Ugh. So when all this is over--" "If we survive all this dragon business--" "Do you want to get a drink?" "Good." "Great." You guys begin to approach the edge of the tree. He goes "I think you answered your own question." "Is that a yes?" "Open the damn tree." "Yeah. It doesn't work out for anybody. Trust me." "All right, then. We'll just-- hey!" And you push him through the tree. Shuts behind him. You're left there alone, standing in the cold Whitestone air outside of the Sun Tree. Around mid-morning. All right. You guys make your way towards the building that has recently been essentially given to and is acting as the abode for Shaun Gilmore while he's here in Whitestone. As you come to the front door, the door's closed. You knock. (knocking) No response. You hear a muffled voice in the distance within the building go, "Yeah, hold on." It sounded like Gilmore. He's under some sort of duress. Slightly. "Yes. Hold on, please." And you watch as the barrier flickers for a second and restores itself, almost like a wave of energy brought what was a slowly dwindling bit of the blue energy, now restored to its full strength. A moment passes before the door opens again and you see Gilmore there, beads of sweat down the front of his face. He's got his fuzzy purple-blue robe wrapped around him. "My sincerest apologies, "I had to take care of the now morning ritual." "I'm fine. This is child's play compared to what you're having to deal with on a daily basis, "I'm sure." Go for it. 15. "What can I do for you?" "Well, at the very least, that gives us a series of days to make the best of the time we "have. So Marquet it is. All right. Come in." He closes his robe a little bit and walks in, and you enter. You can see there's a half-drunken tea set, and he begins to walk past. "Tea, anyone?" "I'll do what I can." Currently, there is one cup, but as he walks by, he does this with his fingers and you watch as multiple cups drift off the shelf and find their way (cups landing) on the table. It looks a little disheveled, but also it hasn't been too long since the assassination attempt on him and he threw his attacker into the far wall, but it looks like the furniture has been placed up. There are still some bits and pieces of broken things here and there, but for the most part it doesn't look like he's had lot of time to clean up other than just making it functional. It seems livable; it's not too bad. He goes into the kitchen. He comes back out a moment later with a fresh pot of hot tea and sets it down. "All right. So this isn't going to send you to where you're going--" "It's hot. It's dry. Bring some water if you can." "I should not. Got to keep this going until Allura comes back." "Best I can tell you, because I haven't been there since I was very young, one this going to "send you not to Ank'Harel itself, it's going to send you to Shandal, which is a small oasis "village a little ways south of Ank'Harel. It's where I grew up." "Shandal." "I will say that it has been about 15 years, so I don't quite know what to expect there. I "apologize in advance for any ensuing chaos, but it's a nice town. It's small, it's sleepy. It's "not my speed. Hence why I came here. However, in Marquet, it's mostly music, culture, fun people, "good food. Don't break the laws. Don't drink the water freely from the various channels you may "stumble across. Water there is a commodity. It is controlled and sold throughout the city." "Those are the main things I can think of. I don't know what else you're really looking for there." "I don't know anything about that, unfortunately, but most folks that have "information are eager to give what they know with a little coin to grease the palm." "Depends on who you're talking to. Anything else?" He pours tea for everyone else who asked for it. And for each person that asked for a different flavor of tea, he begins to snap his fingers and the tea color changes. "There are many." "That would definitely probably narrow it down, but none that I can remember off the top of my head." "When you meet them, and you'll know who they are, tell them I say hello. And actually--" He thinks to himself for a second. Rushes off. Comes back with a small backpack made of leather and thick, light tan wool. He opens it up and reaches inside. Pulls out a small silver locket and takes it and puts it in your hand, Vex. He goes, "Just give that to them." He closes the bag and places it back in the other room. (sighs) "We do what we must." "Yes. I guess if I had one request of all of you, this goes universally, can we end this dragon "business soon? Please? I really just want to set up shop again." "Great." "Good. Because I've been keeping a tally. I don't know about you guys, but the tab is running "very deep." "Fantastic. I love it." "I'll be here if you need me." "All right. You don't want the rest of your tea?" "These didn't belong to me, so please, take them if you want." (laughter) "Not that he'd tell me anything, but he doesn't have a very lengthy period of keeping this "up without him probably collapsing like he did back in the city. Just please, try to do your best to "get this over with. I'm worried. At the very least, until Allura comes back. At least they can "share the load. All right." She knocks on the door and opens it. "Gilmore? Gilmore, breakfast." The door closes behind her. It doesn't take you long. He is still stationed as one of the central figures guarding the actual castle of Whitestone itself. Similar to the place you saw him last time you guys had a conversation walking up to the castle. He stands there with his crossbow at the ready, giving a long view over the surrounding valley before he watches you approach. "Friends, you have returned. "I hope all is well on your end. Can I be of service?" "It was maybe ten, nine years ago, "and it was not under the best terms. Probably would be in jail had I not got away." "They are not very forgiving of broken laws there, and based on certain judgments... let's "just say a slap on the wrist usually takes the wrist with it." (sighs) "Whatever was needed for survival." "To Ank'Harel?" "No!" (laughter) "The Cerulean Palace. The Cerulean Palace is where the Hand of Ord generally keeps most "justice, where most of the courts are kept. It is also where the Tower of J'mon Sa Ord is maintained "for watching over the entire city, and most of that eastern side of Marquet. The Scarlet Prison "is where people go to disappear. It is also referred to as the Scarlet Oubliette. People are "placed there to go away; people are placed there to be tortured; people are placed there, rumors "say, to be part of various experiments. Regardless, I would highly recommend--" He looks to you. "Don't steal anything unless you are damn sure nobody knows of it." He closes his eyes a second. "That was... a very, very--" "Not any merchant I know, but this Den you speak of, they were a rather serious gang running "rather violent activities in the city maybe 70, 80 years ago." "In the outer walls? The outer walls are solid. They are thick; they are meant for defense "only. I did not run with them. I do not know anything. It was before my time, but they have not "been around for at the very least 50 years." "It is J'mon Sa Ord." "J'mon? I have not seen J'mon, though I have heard the stories. J'mon brought the city together "400 years before. When it began to grow, expand, when it became this great oasis, long ago, it went "into chaos, and there were many who wished to utilize those who lived within the center desert "to be abused, to be swindled, to be enslaved. "J'mon started the Hand of Ord, which was the peacekeepers, and really brought the town of "Ank'Harel into the grand city it is today. Not known to appear in public very often; there are many "rumors that circulate. Some say that perhaps J'mon is some godling, an entity that has existed long "before Ank'Harel and will exist long after. "There is also-- and this is my personal belief-- I think J'mon Sa Ord is many people. I think J'mon "is more of an office, a station, a title that's passed on from person to person, because I've "heard referenced as a girl, I've heard referenced as a boy." "They carry ornate armor of a deep blue sapphire color, and brass." "Shandal! Yes. (laughs) It's more of a podunk." "Comparatively, yes. Ank'Harel is immense. Shandal is usually a small stop in case camels or "other horses have died in transit, as well as a small water stop on the way to the city." "I'd say maybe a day's travel." "It is to the south-southwest of Ank'Harel." "Oh, Emon? Comparable. A bit bigger." "I don't recall. I've met people missing many limbs and parts of their body. Kind of "happens; it' a dangerous place, the deserts in Marquet. But there are also many people that live there." "I have no interest in titles. I just wish to stay alive. I'm sorry. I am much more of use to "you here, I assure you. I would be a perpetually nervous paranoid wreck if I were to come with you." "Good. We'll keep it that way." "Yes, for many long years, yes. The oasis is built around." "Well, most of it's controlled in the River District. A number of canals begin in the River "District. This is where there is the spring, the perpetual oasis that fuels the city, and many of "the caravans that travel to and from." "Yes." "There is 'be pleased,' with a small bow, preferably with the hand down towards the stomach, "with the hand out. Be pleased." "To be honest, anything you do will offend somebody in the right place, right time, but "people are pretty laid back in Ank'Harel, as long as you follow the rules. It's a beautiful city. "I'm actually excited for you to see it. I'm very proud of it, had I not made some mistakes." "You know what? If you can, there is a special spice that is harvested not far from the "city. If you could find me some fusaka spice? Bring me a small-- not a lot, just a bit." "It's for food, yes." "It's a bit pricey. I can give you some--" "All right. Well, I appreciate it." (laughs) "Work on it for a bit, maybe watch some folks. You'll pick it up right quick, just pay "attention." "All right, be safe, friends. Look forward to your return." "That is my purpose." "Is he all right?" "I may have noticed it myself. I will do this for you. Promise." "My pleasure." All right, you guys head back to Gilmore's place? You can pick up a few. We'll say for about five gold pieces here, you can acquire some jugs that are compact enough that they'll actually fit within the Bag of Holding, should you place them. The healing potions that were available in the city you guys have already taken. Five jugs. She's so busy getting married or something. Percival presents you with a nice, flowing, light whitish-gray cloak. Ceremonial, within older Whitestone gatherings. It seems nice; it seems light. You can totally place it over your Displacer Cloak. All right. What's the plan? You close your eyes and concentrate, and you see, peeking out from the metallic rim of the sword which you gave her, the Aberration's Bane longsword, you look up and you can see the edge of a wooden table. You hear faint music in the distance; it sounds like some sort of a piano being played. No accompaniment, just a straight piano. You hear distant whispers of conversation, the occasional burst of laughter, and you can see the edge of Kaylie's elbow, leaning against the edge of the table. There's a long pause, no movement. Then all of a sudden, she shifts back from the table and goes, "That's right, all the money on the table's mine. Nice try." Scoops down, throwing her hand of cards on the table. You hear a couple voices go (groaning). You see her scoop the coins over and go place them into a coin bag. "All right, so perhaps another round, then?" "Where are you going? Are you a coward or something?" Shouting this in the distance, as apparently the previous people she card sharked walk off, frustrated and growling. You see one of them comes up to the edge of the table and goes, "Best be giving that money back, little girl or you're--" Before that happens, you see a large, meaty hand grab the back of his neck and pick up him by the scruff. You see appear into view the very edge of Dr. Dranzel's chin and hat and he goes, "I'm "sorry, were you talking to my lady friend that way? That's poor manners." And drops him there at the table. The guy adjusts himself. "Better not see you guys in the street." He walks off. She reaches her hand up, watching the guy leave, and fist-bumps Dranzel. Your vision fades back and your consciousness comes back to you. All right. You guys make your way back towards Gilmore's home. At this point in time, you come in and find there are a couple of plates, crumbs to the side. Gilmore's sitting in the chair with his tea, eyes closed in a meditative stance. As soon as you enter the room, he jolts back to momentary awareness. "All right! Gathered your things? Are you ready to go?" "If you don't mind." He grabs the edge of the central table in the center of the room with the tea on it. He looks towards you. You guys shift it, move it to the side, leaving an open space on the ground. He kneels down and places one hand in the center of the floor. The other hand he reaches back into a small pouch on his side and pulls out a small amount of shimmering, glassy sand material you recognize as a hint of residuum processed into its dust crystallized form. He scatters it around while he's muttering under his breath. As he does, with his hand in the center, you see the dust pull together into these small symbols on their own, almost like magnets to iron filings. They're forming into these rigid structures. As they do, they begin to flare up and glow, and he takes a step back, his eyes still closed, brings his fist together into a grip. As he does, they light up, and you recognize this as a teleportation circle. He goes, "All right, it won't last long. In you go!" "My pleasure!" is the last thing you hear before you dive in as it begins to fade. Each of you guys step into and transition past, immediately piling up into each other as you come out the other side, as you're in a dark and enclosed cupboard or closet-type circumstance. It looks like there is a set of doors to it. It's a giant armoire. You guys are pushed into it, but it is latched over. Flick it up. It bursts open, and you all come stumbling out. As you all stop, Vex, you look back around. This is a very large dresser-like armoire. It's empty. It looks like there are a number of hangers inside, like it was a place for various outfits to be kept and stored. On the floor of the wood, you can see carved into it a small symbol or a sigil, if you will. SAM and Marked as the symbol he put. Glancing around, you can see a small dark wood room atop a wine-red circular carpet in the center. Empty shelves and cobwebs fill the corners. There's a bit of dust and sand coating over where the bed rests against the wall. A closed window hides behind a drawn curtain, with a little bit of peeking sunlight making its way through. There is one single door that sees you out, though it is currently closed. Step onto the carpet, close your eyes. How do you will it? Moments pass, no effect. The door is locked. It is not trapped. You're peeking out the window, you said? You glance through the cloth, and it looks like it is a glass window, but it is partially opened and looks like there's a little cluster of sand that's gathered over time underneath the sill, from what little bit the wind's pushed through. Glancing out as soon as you push out, the light is very bright, and you have to take a moment for your eyes to adjust. Looking out, you see a simple street. There are some small buildings built of fine wood; nothing too extravagant. You can see a number of trees that protrude from the sand long, tall, thin, palm frond-type tops to them, bearing some sort of large nut-like fruit. You can see what look to be small troughs of gathered water, whether it be from rain or them placed there intentionally, but they're currently locked with some semi-translucent top and chained shut, on the outside of two of the buildings. You do see a few people walking back up and down the street. General civilians, all dressed in longer, full-body robes, some of them with scarves around their neck. I wouldn't say peasants, per se, but definitely not well-off in their appearance. Casual civilians. Darker skin, looks like they've definitely been living in the desert for a long time. That is what you can see from the window's point of view. Currently, you're on the first floor. You don't know. Looking under the bed, you see what appears to be a small wooden box that is closed and hidden toward the very back, and what appears to be a small series of shirts that have been folded up and have gathered a lot of dust over the top of them. Yeah. Pull them out. Really nice, high-quality silk and cotton based, embroidered shirts. Look more ceremonial, special event type, long, maybe knee-length. Currently, it's pretty bland. You can see a couple of colored tapestries similar to the center of the floor rug that are hanging, but there are a lot of blank areas. It looks like decorations have been removed, or at least haven't been there for a long time. The room, for the most part, seems to be abandoned. Make an investigation check. 14? It does not appear to be trapped. You do. Open it up, glance inside. It looks to be a series of folded papers. It's easy enough, like butter. (creaking door) The door opens. As the door opens up, immediately, your nose catches the smell of sage and cooked meats. As the door opens, you look into a large room to your left with some furniture, not too extravagant, but nice, and a humble living space. As the door opens the other way, you look to the right, and you see two figures sitting at a table, seemingly eating. An older couple, with dark sun-weathered skin, graying hair, and bright eyes. They look confused and slightly scared at their table, staring back at people wandering into the middle of the room. They both look at each other. They both look to each other and then immediately begin, mouths filled with food, laughing. (laughs) "This is unexpected. Friends of Shaun's, you say?" The man himself stands up and begins to walk over, wiping the edge of his mouth with a small piece of cloth, finishing chewing and swallowing the food he has currently. As he walks up, the man has thinning white hair that grows long, straight down towards his back, simple long robe-like dress with simple cloth pants that go round these slipper-like shoes on his feet. He approaches. Which one said Shaun? Gilmore and Shaun. Approaches you, as you, stepping forward as one of the more, you know, assertive members of the party, and goes, "How is he? If you could please tell me?" "Opesa. Opesa, come." And the woman gets up from the table. "Yes, I'm sorry. It has been a while since we've had guests "from so strange and sudden arrivals!" She walks up and pulls these small glasses out from her pocket and puts them on. You can see her eyes open up wide behind them, and she comes, leans to the side and puts her arm around him. They both hold each other. He goes, "I am sorry. Let me introduce. I am Soren Geddmore. This is Opesa Geddmore. You know our son?" "And you say he does well with his business?" "This is good." "He has always been a brave one." "You don't have to embellish. That's okay. Would you like to eat with us? We can make more "food, yes?" "You are going to Ank'Harel?" "Yes. Follow me." He takes her by the arm, and they both walk arm-in-arm, leading you guys to what looks to be a front door of this abode. As he pushes it open, revealing more of the street of this small oasis town, he goes, "Let's see, if you follow-- that is the sun." He looks up, and you see his eyes adjust to the brighter sky. "The sun is there. It will be setting... that direction. "Continue... what is the word you speak?" "That is west. You want to north, so go that way. Yes. That is where you want to go." "I haven't been in many years. As far as I know, there are signs. There are not roads. There "are guides you could hire to bring you there." You get the sense these are probably who he was referring to. "What--" And he looks to his wife. The woman steps forward adjusting her glasses. "Thank you so much!" She holds it and opens it up. Looks over to him and shows him. You get a bit of a glance, at that point. You can see it's a picture of Gilmore. He's happy. Jewel-encrusted rings. It's almost a promotional still, if there was one, for Gilmore's Glorious Goods. She takes it. She closes it and goes, "Gilmore is originally "Geddmore. He changed his name when he went for better business to the Tal'Dorei place. Glad he's "doing well." "Give him our love and tell him he is more than welcome to visit. It has been many years." "Not a worry. Safe travels. You're sure you don't wish to have food?" They both look at each other. "I'm not familiar with this spice you speak of. My apologies." She's like, "I'm sorry. I do not know this fusaka you speak of." "We have, around this way--" He leads you towards the back of this small kitchen. It's very condensed. You can see there is a high metal fence, and there appears to be a rainwater receptacle there, like a well that is built into the homestead. It has chains over the top. He begins to pull keys out and lock to it, and as he pulls off the chains one by one, he pulls back the lid, this hard, dry wooden lid, and within it is a very deep well, though it looks like the water level's maybe ten feet down from the top of the well right now. "Hey, Opesa, do you see anything?" And she blinks a bit. "No, it's empty." "Nothing. You are a strange man." (laughter) How much water does it create? Oh wow. "You are still a very strange man, but I'm very happy and appreciative." "All right. I can see, now. Gilmore has his work cut out for him." He pats your shoulder. "Geddmore, indeed." As you finish pouring the water out, they lead you guys back to the front. He pulls out a small sundial from his pocket, holds it up. "It would be closer to late afternoon." "Well, thank you so much for coming." "Be pleased." And they both, in a very rusty joints way, give you both a bow as you leave. That would be the saddest TPK ever. "Let's go, guys!" And so ends the journey of Vox Machina. (laughter) All right. As you guys take a moment to concentrate, each one of you transforms into mist. As you begin to go one by the other, you do hear a couple of (gasps). You glance over your shoulder to see three kids, all looking up at you all with these big, scared smiles. Make a deception check. After you give your presentation, they, "Whoa!" As you begin transforming, you do that and they go, (terrified screaming) and go running indoors. That's what Vox Machina is all about. You are terrible people. You guys rise into the air as the sun begins to bring itself to set in the west. You shift up over the city. You look down. Probably maybe 150, 200 buildings make up the entirety of Shandal. It's not a very large town, but you can see little dots of moving caravans both to and from the city. It is a fairly lively stop for people traveling to and from Ank'Harel. Every now and then. As you follow the direction they're going, you're traveling much faster than they are. The hot air does feel a little uncomfortable against your cloud-based misty forms, but you do not feel like it's responsible for evaporating any of your form. You're like, "oh this is uncomfortable." You continue to press forward as the sun slowly begins to set. The temperature begins to get colder and colder, and the sky grows darker. If you'd like to. It's up to you entirely. The form is your choice. You continue to travel throughout the night? Yes, you guys cruise. You guys push forward for another four to five hours post-dusk. You're now hitting the early hours of the morning before you begin to see in the distance hundreds of sparking lights begin to appear up above a distant sand dune. You can see the lit lights, lanterns, and general glowing night life of a massive city over the high walls that surround its exterior. This is a pretty amazing sight for those of you who have not been to such a large desert atmosphere, and it is pitch black below you, and at the height you're traveling-- How high are you traveling versus the ground? I guess I should ask. Okay. From this view, you can see a large queue about eight heavy caravan carts long of caravans that have camped for the night outside of the front main gates. You do see, along the line of the outer wall, there appear to be a number of small spires that open up like guard tower parapets that come to a pointed, what looks like a hand, cradling the outside of each section of the wall on the outside, but on the inside, you see a hundred or more of these long, multi-level spires that progress all throughout the city, and it goes on and on in its large oval-like shape. It's hard to make out much color other than the thousand small lights you see throughout the entire city. Orange, yellows, greens, blues. It is a beautiful view. What is your plan? Still night, yes. It's two in the morning, at this point. You can't tell from this height, unfortunately. You scoot down around the outside of the city walls. The landscape here near the town appears to be more packed and hardened badland dust and sand. You can see where lots of it, from a recent rain, have caked and hardened and then broken in places. It leaves this soft, shale-type texture to it that breaks into sand upon crumbling underfoot. From what you can see, there are a number of various heights of dunes in the distance. This city is thrown right in the center of what appears to be hundreds of miles of desert from the view that you had as the sun was setting. The gates to the city are closed from this perspective, yes. You guys timed this, I didn't. The giant iron gates stand about 65 feet tall and about as wide from end to end. They have a very tight weave of iron bars between them, to where it's almost a very thick fencing that you can almost see through. You can just see the outline of things that walk back and forth behind it. However, on the front side, you can see a number of guards. Stop looking at my piece of paper on the screen! Not actually. Not anymore, it's not! It's gone! All right. Amongst the carved-out circle of caravan carts and people that are camping overnight before entering the city, you do see what appear to be a dozen guards, all dressed in dark blue and dark reddish metallic armor, many carrying heavy scimitars to their side or long pikes and shields. They're all wearing intricate helmets that crest down past the nose to the point where it looks like they just have eyes and a lower jaw. It flares out at the bottom and then curves to a point right across where the clavicle would be. The armor itself is designed in a very beautiful ornate fashion, but also looks very functional. You're at a distance; they don't seem to have noticed you as you've all crested down still in your cloud forms. The Hand of Ord isn't secret. How far are you guys? How far did you decide to stop and transform? That's up to you. They're maybe 40 feet from the gates. Make a perception check At a safe distance, you can make out some detail, and there is some lantern light on top of some of these carts. It appears that a number of the folks have set up small tents, and most appear to be sleeping. There are a few guards that are set on top of the carts with crossbows resting over their lap, keeping an eye in case anyone decides to get too close to their wares throughout the evening. Yeah. It takes you a minute to transform. The light radius beyond the wall itself is not very strong. It only low-lights maybe a 30- to 40-foot area around the gate itself, and there are a series of small torches that appear to be ever-burning on the outside of the wall. There are a few campfires that have been set up by the caravans that are waiting amongst the sand and broken ground there. They give a little more light. As you guys get to the outskirts of this, your shapes becoming visible to those that are keeping watch, you see a few individuals stand up on their carts with their crossbows at the ready. Just have a seat and keep an eye bead on those of you that are visible. Doesn't appear to be any aggressive action, just an acknowledgement of your presence and a show of readiness should any aggressive action be taken. Best you tell at this distance, the few that you can see-- because a lot of them appear to be in small tents encamped-- the few that you do make out appear to be dressed in a little more wealthy attire than the people you encountered in Shandal. You can see the gentlemen and ladies that are guarding the encampment are dressed in functional leathers with hints of hide and metal plates incorporated in the defense, but nothing that shows overt wealth or overt destitution. General mercenary guardians for a traveling caravan. At this hour? No. You get the sense, looking at the surroundings of the campfires, it looks like some sort of party or gathering may have transpired earlier in the evening, but most everyone have passed out at this time. Scanlan? The doorway glows with a faint purple hue. In the distance, you see some of the guards step forward and keep an eye out there. Attention has been gained by the doorway, but none of them are approaching immediately. You guys begin to step into the doorway one by one as three of the guards begin to slowly walk towards the doorway. So with that, Percival, Scanlan, and Vex wait outside the shimmering doorway to Scanlan's magnificent mansion. You see the guards begin to approach. The one at the front, a square-jawed, intense-looking man who looks to be not enjoying his current time schedule as a guard on the outside of the southern gates of Ank'Harel approaches, hand at the side clutching some sort of weapon that he has currently sheathed. "May I ask the business of this strange conjuration "you've brought at this hour of the night?" Make a persuasion check, Percy. "I do not know of the nature of this magic that you bring, but I recommend that you keep it "outside of the city." "Oh, magic is allowed, but this is unknown to us, and unknown magic is a dangerous magic." "It does not matter. We have 12 crossbows trained on this doorway, and will for the "remainder of the evening. Should anything strange happen, we will not hesitate but to fire." "Good." Turns around and walks back to the gate. This is all the new schools of magic. You guys go in. Mansion's prepared, servants are at your ready, beds are freshly fluffed. Damaged kitchens are rearranged to have been not touched at all. You are able to rest for the evening as you prepare for your next day entering the city of Ank'Harel itself. Mulling over the events that recently transpired and digesting all the questions you still have. Okay. As you guys have a restful night, we're going to take a break. We'll be back here in a few minutes, and we'll pick this up in the following morning as they enter the city itself. See you in a minute! [break] Okay. (laughs) Make a stealth check. So as the morning comes about, Vex, you go stretch out of your room, scratching the side of your head, messed up from sleeping wrong on the pillow, and as you walk out you hear (clicking) and look to your right and see your brother slowly slinking away from Keyleth's room. Yeah, that happened. Take that, Luck feat! (laughter) Trinket comes waking up from what was his sleeping stance. Yeah, you do. All right, as you all find breakfast, a fair prepared chicken feast, as they've been given no other instruction. (laughter) "Yes, Scanlan?" The servants vanish for about ten minutes and return with a robust meal of bowls and bowls of chicken ravioli. Slightly. You finish your meal, feel yourself satiated as much as you can be with chicken ravioli for breakfast. You guys exit, find yourself on the exterior walls of Ank'Harel, the sun blazing down in the early morning, a hotter temperature than you've been used to in quite some time. Would be the equivalent of probably the low 100s Fahrenheit by our standards. All of you with layers of armor, which is all of you except for Grog, immediately feel this is going to be uncomfortable fairly quickly. Grog, you are used to higher colder climates, even without being heavily armored, still fairly uncomfortable. It's not great. You can see the caravans that you guys were camping loosely next to are no longer there. It looks like there have been a couple of dark spots in the dust and the sand that have been kicked over where the campsites were, where the fires were put out, and tracks of where the carts and wheels have been dragged to and through the gate. You can now see about ten guards that are all stationed at the front of that iron gate on this side of the Ank'Harel wall. Grog, make an intelligence check. You have no idea what they're talking about. You find yourself instinctually nodding. As you guys approach the outside of the gate, you can see seven of the guards stay behind while three, seemingly the same three that had been keeping a close eye upon your initial approach in the evening, walk up. The same man walks up, now looking a little tired; his day is probably finishing out the rest of his station here at the gate. Approaches, hand still on the side of his sheathed weapon. "So you awaken. You have rested. What is your business here in "Ank'Harel?" "What is your contact within the city? Who do you wish to speak to?" "You come for an audience with the emperor?" Make a persuasion check. You. His arm relaxes at the side of his weapon, and he looks down upon your diminutive gnomish structure, though glances over at the much larger goliath and back at you. "If you indeed have "business with J'mon Sa Ord, then the emperor will let you in. If you do not, you will be sent out. "We have no business between either of those answers. If you wish to enter, do so, but keep "your weapons sheathed, and keep an eye on that one." "Yes." "I don't trust his face." "Very well. Welcome to Ank'Harel. Be pleased." He turns around and walks away. His bow is much smaller than you were originally taught by Jarett. You get the sense that that's more of a formality and is on a smaller scale for more informal conversations. As he walks back, he lifts one hand and does a loop with it. As he does, (door thudding). The gates open ever so slightly, enough to bring through as broad-shouldered an individual as Grog, as well as the rest of you easily. You guys walk up and approach. Actually, no one seems to bat an eye at the large bear that's wandering inside. Okay, as you walk past him. "Well, best I can think, there are many fine establishments of rest where rooms can be rented "throughout the entirety of the city. Depending on how much coin you have to give, I would say you "could..." He thinks for a second as I look at my notes. "I would recommend within the Suncut Bazaar, you would find the Debt's Respite, the Shade, or "the Corner Cove. All very fine establishments, and very well watched by the Hand." "I am. Is this your first time in the city, then?" (laughs) As he watches you guys enter, the gates closing behind you, you now see the incredible reveal of the interior of the mystical city itself. Streets of smooth cobblestone-like red pebbles lead your eyes to hundreds of visible, vertically-inclined buildings of reaching peaks and smooth, pointed rooftops as far as your eye can see across the cityscape. It's a city of vibrant color; you see nearly every home, storefront, and outhouse has some form of draping silks or painted mural to give it individual character, standing out against the rest of its neighboring abodes, creating a calming, beautiful symphony of really nothing, in the presentation of it all. The people are walking with purpose, and the sounds of foreign barking and shouts occasionally break the air. Welcome to Ank'Harel. What do you guys wish to do? As you glance over, you see walking down the street what appears to be two teenage boys, huddled together, wearing drab, ankle-length cloth robes. One of them has a purple shawl over their shoulders. The other has a hood up, and they're both carrying small satchels of fruit in their arms. They both stop and turn. They look curiously at the small gnome, the small, pale gnome in foreign clothes and adorned, beautiful armor that walks up to them in the street. (muttered conversation) "You are a very small man." "I'm sorry to hear that." "This fruit is actually very difficult to find and come across. If you wish, you could "purchase this batch." "Bazaar. You are looking for the Suncut Bazaar?" "It is farther down that way. Look to the blue tower in the center of the city? Walk in its "direction to the eastern skyline--" Okay, make a perception check. "Look for the strings of crimson flags that hang across the very street corners. That will "signify the entrance to the Suncut Bazaar." 20. They both seem confused, but also strangely enamored with this tiny man who's talking to them. No shifty behavior beyond that. (muttered conversation) "I don't know what you're talking about." "I am sorry. I'm confused?" He puts his hand out. He takes it. "Good luck finding your fruit." And they both walk away, but at a slow pace, looking over their shoulder at you the whole way. All right. As you guys continue deeper into the city, the sheer size of this town reminds you of a mirror universe form of Emon, in the way that the streets narrow and then open, and the liveliness of culture around you in its heyday, and it saddens you, because it reminds you of back when the city was at its prime, when you first arrived and made it a home for yourself. But at the same time, the energy is infectious, and you can't help but feel like there's a lot of interesting people, culture, and momentum all about you no matter where you seem to walk across these streets. Though the culture here appears to be far older than that of Emon that you've encountered; even the buildings and constructs range in ways that-- maybe not as old as Vasselheim, per se, but at least you can see that there's some variation to some of the abodes here that have been worn through time more so than any you have encountered in Tal'Dorei, for the most part. These decorated and intricate buildings fill the streets. You can see pride in their construction, and the smells of horses and hot desert air combine with various burning spice and sage that occasionally wafts through the air to your nostrils. The ever-changing exotic skyline occasionally grabs your attention. You see the distant shadow of what looks like a skyship docked at a sky port. You get looks of many citizens, expressions ranging from amusement to mistrust as you pass by, until you come upon a massive building that shines with the sunlight. Above you, you see a number of red flags that hang and drift, about five feet in length, these thin, draping pieces of silk that shift with the breeze, and you can see numbers of these strands across different roads, and it's at this point that you look up and realize that this is the entrance to the Suncut Bazaar. Looking off towards the left, and what you've been watching as you approach, there are this cluster of dark blue and purple towers of various widths marking a central place in the center of the city. In the center of them, there is one very large, cylindrical tower that rises up past them all into what looks like a chalice or a cup-like platform at the very top that is impossibly high amongst the rest of the structures here in the city. It seems to be a beacon or watchtower over the entirety of Ank'Harel. But your attention now, here in the Suncut Bazaar, as you step around the corner, you can see tents and storefronts and buildings and voices raised as different barkers are shouting out for their wares. You can see carts being drawn through the streets by horse and camel. You can see what appear to be dozens upon dozens of people coming through with small satchels and coming by and purchasing their necessities for the day. You can smell cooking meats and food in the distance. You can see street performers juggling, and distant music of buskers in the side of the street, playing various flutes and instruments some you recognize, some you do not. You actually see a shawm. It catches your attention on the side of the street. And here you are, amongst the Suncut Bazaar. Make a perception check. 14. No matter where you walk, eyes are on you. Most people you come around here, it seems a largely human population. Beyond that, you've not seen a single dwarf as you've walked through the city, but you have seen a number of dark-skinned halflings, a few half-elves. Not an elf has caught your eye since you've wandered through. You've seen a couple of tieflings that walk openly in this city, which is a rare thing from Emon. Even there, most tieflings generally are met with mistrust and prejudice in the street. Here, no one seems to pay mind or bother. You do see a few half-orcs, this team of half-orcs that are shouting out in a language that none of you understand. Some sort of sales pitch they're giving, and there's a few people gathered around them. This is a very wide variety of people that live in this city, and everyone seems to mesh together without issue or prejudice, but not one goliath has caught your eye, and you've caught the eyes of many. And wherever you walk, you can see the townspeople stop, and they don't gawk. They don't stare intently. They're more curious, but no one appears to be following you. There are a few that appear to go into buildings, but the majority of this, as you look at now the Suncut Bazaar itself, while it is a section of the city, it is mostly open sky and is probably hundreds of various tents, carts, pop-up stand-ups, and even the center of the street, blankets set out, with the various merchants there with their wares strewn across the ground, waiting for anybody to come and approach. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Yeah. It's pretty easy to see, and most everyone's-- 11. You look around and ask a few people, and most everyone shrugs their shoulders or points you in an odd direction, and no immediate spice merchants catch your attention. You're still on the outskirts of the Suncut. There are a few, actually. Yeah. And it's interesting. In this very hot desert environment, and you understanding how most plant life exists, fruit should be pretty damn rare, and what fruit would make it here seems to be pretty dry and withered. But everything you come across here is very plump, beautiful, and fresh. You go up to what appears to be a woman, probably in her late thirties. Her hair is long past her shoulders, and these dark black, brunette waves that spray out like mermaid hair across her shoulders. As you approach, she eagerly reaches out. "You look like you are traveling here to "Ank'Harel in search of beautiful, delicious fruits of which to whet your palate. Yes? Would you like for "these fine apples, of which are the finest you could find?" "Ah, well--" She takes the apples back. "What you'd prefer, then, would be the kurrak "fruit." And she pulls out what looks like a mango, but the exterior of it is very rough, with these little spines all around it. "While it is difficult to hold, crack open for a delightful "flavor. It is gentle. It is like a sweet water experience." "Of course." "For this, that would be two silver pieces." "The apples would go for one silver piece apiece." "Thank you so much for your patronage. Anything else you would like?" "The Shade? The Shade would be-- it's hard to explain. Do you see that building over there "with the dark green steeple?" And you glance off in the distance. You can see, layers back, there appears to be one spire, this very harsh point that has a dark green tint. "That is the roof of "the Shade. That'd be what you're looking for." "Not a problem." Okay. You watch as she walks away, she had her hands out to Vex, and as soon as Vex keeps walking away, she goes-- "You are free to shop here any day you like." She pulls the coin out and pops it away and says, "I am Shubad." "Shubad." "A pleasure to meet you." Okay. Both of you make investigation checks as you look around and ask around. You stay close to Grog. Grog. Glancing about, you look to see something shine across the ground. As you rush up and find it, you find what looks to be a magically enchanted stone about that big. Rough around the edges, but the reddish color is brighter red than the rest of the stones on the ground, and you're sure that this may be exactly what you were looking for. There are many red stones around it, as you press the bit of dust and sand gathered around the other cobblestones, but this one appears to be unique. There's a hit of saltiness to the dust that has gathered in this vicinity. You did. (laughter) Yeah. Percival, what did you roll? Yeah. It's funny. For all the preparation of being a noble and public speaking, you are utterly lost. The culture is so vastly different from what you're used to, and the people don't seem to really pay much mind to your relatively important outfit and presence, and you're lost at sea. Vex walks up to you. 19. The two of you begin to meander around, look around. You see, after some wandering, what looks to be a single blanket set out with a small half-dome shade structure of various cotton cloths that have been layered and pinned to create this loose escape from the sunlight. And you see what appears to be an older man with a very long braided beard that goes past his belly-button. He sits there, sleeveless open shirt, baggy pants, no shoes, and before him a deck of cards that is laying in a stack, and he has his eyes closed with his hands resting at the ends of his knees. Depends on if you guys want to follow. Okay. as you guys are approaching, you over in the corner. Make a deception check. Deception, yeah. This marks your ability to double-talk or subtly put out the vibes for an individual. Who knows what Scanlan's ultimate destiny is? After a few moments of you doing this and a few people walking away, looking frustrated and taken aback, partially by your visual form and the unexpected contents of your words, one man in his early twenties walking up, what looks to be a damp cloth wrapped loosely around the head to keep the head cooled under the sun's heat, walks up and leans in and goes, "You're asking about spice, yes?" "Well, I know folks who are purveyors of many spices here. Please, what do you seek?" "Good, good. Lead on. We'll have a conversation as we go." As he stands back up after leaning down for you, you get a little glance at what appears to be a slightly pointed ear and what looks like a hint of a mustache that's grown through. Very similar in visual presentation as to your comrades not full elf, not full human, though definitely a much darker shade due to the out-in-the-open lifestyle of Ank'Harel. You begin to walk with this figure through the street. We'll get to you in just a moment. So as you guys make your way to the older gentleman sitting on the ground, eyes closed. His eyes are still closed. LAURA, TALIESIN, and "Be pleased." His eyes open, and you can see his eyes are snow-blind. They are clouded over with what would probably be terrible cataracts or something else that has caused him full blindness, but he stares past you as he opens his eyes. "So you wish to be read, then?" LAURA, MARISHA, and "Five gold for my services." He places it into a small side pouch. "What do you wish to be read for?" He takes the cards and begins shuffling. His way of shuffling cards is interesting. As opposed to the usual like double shuffle, he picks up the deck in one hand and splits it and then shuffles it together. Turns it around, splits it, and then shuffles it together on each side. It's this weird boy with a crystal in Labyrinth, but with a card deck. It's wild. As he stays still, looking past all of you. The shuffling stops, and he grabs the deck. "You search for a garment." And he takes two cards out and throws them across the center of the blanket for you guys. You guys step back and take a look. One of them appears to have a fire or a camp flame with smoke pouring up out of it, and the other one appears to have a storm, a torrent of water, and he goes, "This garment you seek. It "looks to be in motion, moving. If you seek this garment here, may haste take you. Your second "question." What were you saying in the second one? What did you say? Pulls up two more cards and throws them, and they land almost exactly in the same place as the other two cards that he tossed before. They scoot to a stop. One card appears to be mostly blank, except it carries some sort of a stylized symbol or letter that you don't recognize. And the other one appears to be a hand of cards stuffed within a pile of coin. "You seek this man, yet it is not a "man you seek. To where the luck brings you, the answers lie." And he puts out his hand. "And the third question?" Go for it. Pulls the two cards forward, throws them down, landing once again almost precisely on the same space as the last two tosses. They slide to a stop. One of them shows a chasm cracking in the earth, and the other appears to show a singular, sunken skull. "The path is to change historic, but "many will fall as the transition is to take. Take your time wisely, for the hourglass runs "quickly." "Is this all of your questions?" He bows his head ever so slowly towards you. "Then be pleased." And he takes the cards and shuffles them back into the deck, rights them into a perfect square with one quick move of his hand, and places them back in front, puts his hands back on his knees, and closes his eyes and puts his head down. There's a pause, and he reaches over and grabs a small, partially eaten apple and (chomp). His chewing stops, and he swallows. Reaches out, patting around it, and finds the gold coins. Puts it into a pocket. "You ask for one more question. What do you inquire?" (card shuffling) Two cards land across the carpet before you. One of them shows upon it two hands joining, and the other one shows a symbol of a sun rising over a mountain range. He says, "You've made many "choices, but the one you speak of brings unity and a new dawn." He nods. "Be pleased." Takes the cards up, shuffles them back into the deck, and sets it down. He goes back into his meditative trance. Scanlan is gone. As you're walking with your half-elvish friend down one of the nearby alleyways, you hear Keyleth speaking over the earring. So you guys make your way towards the Shade? Your half-elven compadre goes, "Are you all right?" "Please, which spice are you seeking?" He nods. "It may take a bit of time. I know someone who could bring this, but I could not "bring you to them. They'd have to bring it to you." "Well, where are you staying?" "Where would you need to meet?" "That is far too busy. It needs to be private, away." "If you want a place to stay, there is Luck's Run, the casino. There are back rooms there." "Yes." "There is the Debt's Respite Inn, which has its own grasp of lowlifes. Those are probably the "best bets." "The casino it is. Which room?" "Wear a red shirt. He will find you in the casino." "All right. Hour past sundown, we'll find you there." "An hour past sundown." "How much do you want?" He starts looking a little untrusting. Make a deception check. He gives you a look and bends down. He gets close to your face, interrupts you, and goes, "I mean this with all due respect "Being as small a man as you are, you have to be careful." He backs off, hands up. He goes, "Very well. The amount you ask, I have no specific amount. I'd "have to inquire, but I would say, to be safe, bring about 200 gold pieces with you. Just in case." He looks at you, confused. He reaches out and takes your hand, and you shake. "Very well. Hour after sundown. Casino." He brings his cloth up and brings it up over his face for a second and darts into one of the nearby corners and vanishes. You eventually find it. You guys find your way to the Shade, and it's a large, circular sandstone wall that has a pointed tent roof above it held by a singular pole in the center. It is segmented into various rooms that have no ceiling, so everyone shares the same roof. This is what appears to be a lounge tavern, meaning there are drinks and wine served, but each room seems to have a carpeted and pillowed floor. Looks like there are beaded curtains and various draperies that separate each of the different rooms, and there's large, hookah-type tobacco pipes. It's very much just a relaxing lounge area. Scanlan takes about five minutes or so, but eventually catches up to you guys. Yeah. You look around. You can see what looks to be a matronly older woman wearing some nicer dark purple and black clothing, who is sitting there with one big hookah next to her side, by herself, with a glass of wine to one of the sides, and is staring into space. "Be pleased. Can I help you?" "Over the next few hours, yes." "You don't say." "Both of those have rooms, yes." "Do you have any other specifics or requirements?" "Corner Cove is maybe two miles that way, but the Debt's Respite is about a mile that way." "There are many merchants that live here." "Warrior? If you're looking for warrior merchants, you're probably looking for the "Scarbearers." "Well, this definitely narrows down your search. The Debt's Respite is where you'll want to "go. It's actually run by one of the heads of their ilk." "Scarbearers. They're a bit of a rough-and-tumble lot." "They hunt for coin, sell what else they find. Odd jobs. Some of them maybe not the most up "and legal, but they work with a guarantee, and the head of their troop I think runs, or at least "partially owns, the Debt's Respite." "This? I don't know." Raises her hand, and one of the various workers there approaches with another bottle of wine. "Yes, may I help?" "What is this you put in here?" Blows it in her face. "That would be a Dusk Blossom Sage." Walks away. "Dusk Blossom Sage." "Pungent would be the world you're looking for." Scanlan, by the way, is right behind you. You see her eyes roll. "I mean no offense, but this is my 'me' time." She takes the coin, flicks it back to you and goes, "I appreciate, but do not require your "patronage." You guys are brought into one of the small sections of the Shade. You are given your choice of various tobaccos. While it's not a large room, per se, you can all comfortably lounge in there. It's a nice place to get away. You can hear the distant sounds of the city, but for the most part, there's a soft violin music that plays towards the center of the area, so at least it has a nice atmosphere to it. Make a perception check. You see people with small, large scars. People with scars all over. Life out here can be a little tough at times, but no more scarred than most of the people you've encountered in your lifetime. And definitely nowhere near as scarred as the people you've run with for half of your lifetime. It seems to be just delightfully flavored tobacco. Not really a bar. It seems the servants take orders and bring you your various liquid imbibements. Yeah. You see a man walks up to you, long dark curly hair, bit of a goatee growing. "How "can I help you?" "You want the Sandkheg's Hide." "The Sandkheg's Hide." "It's a drink." "It's expensive." "Ah, do you wish to have a glass or a bottle?" "A bottle will run you 350 gold pieces." Walks off. Comes back with two very full-- (laughs) He comes back a little later with these two dark green glass wine bottles that have this heavy leather wrapped around them and bolted together at certain places. It looks like leather at times, but as you get closer, you feel it's actually hard. It's almost like a chitinous armor on the outside of the glass. Both of these vials are given to you with heavy corks that are wax-coated over the top. "Here you are." "Thank you very much, and please, do let me know if you require anything else." And he exits the room. You may. You're currently private in the room. It's an open ceiling, but there are rooms segmented by cloth and what looks like sandstone walls, so there are little pockets and alcoves, and you guys currently have one that you're in right now. Comes off, and the cork flies and bounces off one of the nearby walls. The smell that comes to you is extremely strong. It resembles a very vinegar turned wine mixed with this, for lack of a better term, a very earthy scent. It's almost herbal, medicinal. It's not at all what you would have expected for something so expensive. As it touches your tongue, that smell transitions into a very acidic taste. It actually burns your tongue, and it goes numb within a matter of seconds. It is not a delightful flavor, and as the tongue goes numb, the back of the throat goes numb as you swallow. As the numbness continues down the rest of the body, the flavor has not improved at all, but it brings this universal numbness. And as the slight pain of the burn subsides, you, with just but a few sips, become extremely intoxicated, but also just numb. LIAM and You take a sip, and the same sensation takes, and the numbness sets in, this slight vibration at the back of the skull. Elements of this remind you of being very drunk, with but a few sips. "Depends on how much you're drinking." "Hour, maybe." "'It's very dangerous to harvest and create, yes." He thinks a minute, then goes, "I don't know which part of the sandkheg it is, but it is taken "from the usually venomous bile or spittle of the creature." "Mind you, it is refined and pickled by the finest of various-- It is a delicacy across "Ank'Harel and northern areas of Marquet. I was merely fulfilling the request of your companion. "I mean, you are welcome to stay, should you pay an evening price, yes, but that is not part of "the price of the drink of which you have purchased, no." No, you guys woke up maybe two and a half hours ago. You're maybe getting close to noon. The sun, last you saw before you got here, was close to the center of the sky. Okay. Who's leading the charge for that? Okay. Go ahead and make an investigation check, if you don't mind. 26 investigation check. Within ten minutes you've asked the right questions between a number of various street urchins and street salespersons, to be directed straight towards the Debt's Respite. In following the direction, you end up walking up to what looks like a rather rundown-looking establishment. The broken glass windows and missing front door lead you to think that perhaps it's been abandoned for months. Looks a little rough and ramshackle. He said it was a place you could stay, because you were asking for taverns and inns. As you approach the front door, it's partially ajar and as you push it open, you can see the inside is a whole different story. As your eyes adjust to the interior you find actually a bustling business of barhands slinging tankards across seven stained wood tables, some of the folk look rather day-drunk, similar to these individuals, though it has worn a bit off since the original sip. And most look to be various miscreants or post-work farmers taking a break. The interior is familiar and probably closer to the taverns you're used to in more of the poorer districts of Emon and surrounding cities than some of the more luxurious areas you've recently found yourselves in. Vax, Vex, and Keyleth-- actually, Keyleth, make a perception check with disadvantage. Yes. Okay. Vex and Vax, as you guys walk into the room, you do catch off in the distance behind a series of barrels that are stacked and the edge of a shelf that contains rows and rows of glasses, tankards, plates, and various things. You just barely make out what looks to be an androgynous figure, face masked with dark blue and black cloth, with a hint of leather armor, hiding in the corner. Like barely visible to you and you can make out the details due to your very keen ability to gather your surroundings quickly. Nope. This is very muddled, low leather armor. Can't tell; their back's hidden, and they're quiet. They have a hood and a mask. Looks to be like a cloth mask wrapped around him. You guys also watch throughout all the various patrons and people that are wandering about this establishment, one figure stands out amongst the others. You see a bronze-scaled dragonborn bulky and thick, muscular armored in light hides and bracers. He clutches an untouched mug that is brimming with an amber-colored ale and is lost in thought, staring off towards one of the broken windows that leads outside. Very heavy, muscular arms. Maybe not quite the height of Grog, but definitely a similar build. Sitting down, you can't tell. What do you guys do? There is no tavernkeep. There are barmaids walking around and passing drinks, but there is no barkeep right now. "You would speak to Treev," and points to the dragonborn, who is currently staring out of the window. He's spacing out. As soon as you approach he goes, (groans) "What do you want, bothering a "fellow in mid-fantasy?" "What can I do for you?" "All right, well, what's your name?" "Vex'ahlia. Treev. Treev Bonebreaker." And grabs your arm. As opposed to a handshake, like a full-on forearm, meaty grasp. Treev. T-R-E-E-V. "Treev Bonebreaker. Current caretaker of this fine "establishment. Looking for rooms? I've got three available." "At this rate, sure. I doubt I'm going to find myself back to that dream. Anyway, what do "you and your rather scrawny-looking friend there have to say?" "Never been there." "Well, that's unfortunate. Sometimes cities fall to the lowest despots. It happens." "Rooms?" "Three rooms available." "How many are staying?" "And your bear?" "Well we have to put a bear tax on this, you realize." "Yes. I haven't had a bear here before. Who knows what damage it can do? Consider it protection." "All right. I take no responsibility what happens to your bear outside." "That'll run you ten gold per room. 30 gold for the night." "No. God no. I don't know where you're from in Emon or what the prices are there, but here, "it's expensive." Make an investigation check with disadvantage. Yeah, he straight-up jacked the price up. He can see the foreigner on your face. "Certainly. Whatever your business may be. Is that all you need?" "Me? No. Not originally." "Why?" There is no tail behind him. "Of Draconia? Unfortunately." "No." Grabs his drink that he's holding up, slams it on the table. It spills over. "You fucking with me?" "Well, there's a reason for celebration." And just chugs the entire drink in one go, you can see his dragonborn gullet just accepting the entire drink in one gulp. (sighs) (laughs) "Sit down. All of you. 15 gold for the lot. All the meaty details. Sure." You tell him about everything, and he listens in. He starts enjoying it, and eventually falls a bit, sinking in the stake of things, and eventually that celebration falls to acceptance. "Well look, if you're looking to hire, you've got to explain the task then. We do have a "code. Fuck what the rumors say." "Aye. Long enough. What's the point in living without one? That's how you end up shivved "in the stomach and left to bleed in the street. What you looking to hire for?" "I know who you're seeking, aye. Mistress Asharru." "She's one of our finest, and expensive because of it. But friend, she's been off for a "week since her last job, so mayhaps her schedule is open. Would have to inquire. Write me a summary "of your job you have for her. I'll have it delivered. Her answer may take a week or so." "Well, write her a letter, she'll receive it, and she'll return to you when she sees it fit. "Our business is our business. If you don't like it, shove off, find someone else." "Why, I can get word to her immediately, but it's up to her when she wants to respond." He starts giving you a curious look and goes, "You come in here asking to hire one of my "finest and don't know what work she does?" "What work do you need her for?" "And you need her help to save the world." Yeah. Make a perception check. "We've weathered beasts. We've weathered dragons here in Emon." "So be it. But nevertheless, you want to hire her, you've got to write her a proposal." And he slides across a piece of parchment with a small quill about it. "I'll deliver it, and she'll get "back to you when she sees fit." "Depends on the job you're asking. She'll set her price." 30 perception? The figure is watching all of you intensely but has not moved an inch. All you've seen are the eyes move, but they've been trained on your entire group since you arrived. "All sorts of entertainment. There's various singers, musicians, dancers, performers. If you're "looking for company there's all sorts of entertainment in that regard, of all the "spectrums. If you're looking for games, probably a few months out before we get to any sort of the "gladiatorial events." "That's months away." "Well, you could certainly find a scrap, but none that are sanctioned by the Hand, and they'll "put you away." "Lest you have someone to duel you. That's a whole different business." "That's sanctioned by the law." "If you challenge one to a duel and they accept, aye." "You just have to sanction it by the Hand. You have to make sure that you both agree to fight "to the death, and the fight has to happen in the Bowl of Judgment." TRAVIS and "Sits about the Sandherald district outside of the Cerulean Palace." "That's the Cerulean Palace. It's quite close to it, aye." "It depends on the sanctions of the Ord and the agreement you come to, but fisticuffs are "great for the gladiatorial events, but if you're fighting to the death, sometimes it's nice to "bring a blade in." "The kind that got nothing to lose. The kind that got a point worth proving with their life. "Those kind. Doesn't happen often. When it does happen, it's a spectacle." "A few months until the games begin, but until then, that's about the only way you'll find "bloodshed here. At least that won't lend you up in prison." You're starting to gain it back. What do you write? He takes it. He packages in in a small container, a leather container. "Oh, don't worry." (whistles) Whistles through his fingers and the figure in the wall that you'd been watching steps forward and slowly walks towards the table. Holds up the scroll, and the figure leans in. Covers his mouth and he whispers into the ear of the figure. The figure takes the scroll, gives a nod to all of you, and walks out of the tavern. "He'll deliver that to her "promptly, now be on your way. 15 gold." Takes a keyring out and starts fudging through the keys, pulls a few off and tosses them to you across the table. "All right, you've got it for a night." Okay. You vanish out the door. Make a perception check. 22. Okay. As you glance out the door and pull outside-- you're going stealth as well, you said? Roll stealth. 25. Okay. You turn around the corner just as you see a flash of dark cloth around the edge of the Debt's Respite. You rush off to the edge and look around the corner way and down the alley. You can see the figure, full on, arms out to the side rushed behind, going into a very fast run, down the shaded hallway. The alleyway. Okay, so you continue to follow. All right. Following the masked figure, you continue to give chance. It darts erratically, zig-zagging between areas. You can see this is a very trained pattern to lose anybody following them, but you're also trained in following those that wish not to be followed. Make another perception check. You come around one corner, and you can see there's a wall that ends there, and you see just a little slip of material pass. And as you glance over, you can see the figure has jumped down onto a lower walkway onto what appears to be a recessed sector of this part of Ank'Harel, and has already darted beneath a nearby bridge and overpass that walks across to another series of buildings. You leap over, keeping in the shadow, and give chase down that way. You turn around underneath the bridge and you can see underneath the bridge, there is an archway that leads into a dark path down an actual hallway beneath the series of buildings you just saw ahead of you. Make another perception check. 22. You look down the hallway, and you see the shadow of the figure framed against what looks to be another opening on the opposite side but the sunlight is coming through. You can just see the dark outline as it darts forward and then leaps off again, down the right past that exit. You follow, and you look off the side just as you see the figure slink behind one large crate next to a storage section outside of a warehouse. It ducks behind another one. Darts up to a building that looks to be shuttered and closed. It looks like a furniture store with a little sign at the top that says, "A Kingly Home." It moves an empty rain barrel to the side and slips the leather case through a hole that was previously hidden by the barrel, dropping it inside the building, slides the barrel over it again. Looks back and forth. Make another stealth check. 25. Doesn't seem to make notice, and then darts off, leaping, leaping up onto a rooftop and vanishing off. A Kingly Home. Keeping a very close watch on the path you took and marking it mentally back to the Debt's Respite. It's probably a good mile off from where you guys were, if not a little further. You guys continue your conversation, go about your own business. Eventually, Vax returns with the information, the path of wherever this letter was dropped off to. "Are you serious?" "No, I ain't drinking that bullshit." "Yeah." "Too stiff for anyone! It's-- what?" "That's not a drink. That's probably squeezed from the arsehole of some sort of beast "out in the desert. I prefer my stuff taken from berries and the sweet stuff." "Have you have some, have you tasted it?" "Then I guess you know what an animal's bum tastes like, eh?" "Oh, completely!" "They hold it down and just squeeze its abdomen and the whole sandkheg spews out into this little "glass barrel and then you pay for it. Top dollar." "Oh, did you buy some?" Make an insight check. You brain is filled with image of whatever creature your imagination has come up with being held down. And it is squeezing some sort of yellowish liquid from its abdomen into a glass wine bottle, and you're now looking over at Percy and Keyleth who had just had sips of this earlier. It's not sitting well with your stomach. (cackles) Vax now appears at the edge of the table. (scoffs) "No, you find your own food." It hasn't been filled since, no. Do you guys head to your rooms? Okay. You make your way up to the rooms. They're all clean, serviceable, nothing too fancy, but functional rooms. Each with two beds. Investigation check. Investigation check. Natural one? Nine. Nothing seems to be out of place or out of the ordinary. 13? Seems to be a room. Okay. Make an investigation check. 29. You find dust, dead insects, a dried-out rodent husk, and that's it. It's also about 300 in the afternoon. What are you guys doing? You do not own a red shirt, but you could probably find one. Not too difficult. It doesn't take you too long. Costs you two silver pieces. You find a nice red shirt, billowing sleeves. It's totally up your alley. He's gone through the bazaar. You're not too far from it. Maybe a ten-minute walk. You walk around. and there are weapons being sold. No. Most weapons you find here are ornamental; they're for decoration. They're for putting above mantelpieces. There are various blades that have bolting mechanisms in the back where you can easily mount them to a wall. None of them, that you can see, at least, that are open in this bazaar for sale, are presented as an actual item for warfare. Make an investigation check. 19. Asking about, you do come to, within the bazaar, a small wooden building that's like a hut, but it's constructed of dark wood panels. It resembles those strange marionette performance boxes. Except it just has this one frazzled-looking young woman standing there with long strands of curly dark brown hair. Red lips, dark eyeshadow. She's eagerly looking out with a sign in the front that reads, "Oddities and Eccentricities." "Good day." "Be pleased to you as well." "There are many oddities at my disposal. I'm Nisaba." "What kind of oddities are you looking for?" "Well, let me show you." Over the next five minutes, she brings out all sorts of strange knickknacks. It's essentially a display from the most awkward of vintage Salvation Armies you've ever come across. However, you do catch a quick flash of what appears to be some small crystalline vials that appear to be strapped to some sort of leather bandolier. "This is for, well, a gentleman who passed through many years ago, who claimed to be a great "alchemist, sold this off when he had come into a lot of debt within the city, so I made a good "price. No one has really showed much interest in it." "You may." The leather's finely made, if a little worn. The chemicals inside-- one of them does have a familiar color, a deep herbal red. This looks to be some sort of a low to medium level healing potion, most likely, from your experience in the use of that. The two others are grayish and murky and don't really draw your attention or anything you're familiar with. Make an intelligence check. 15. They do appear to have been prepared in the way that you prepare magically enchanted vials for potions themselves, but you're not really able to make out just at a glance. You'd have to spend quite a time to make out what their nature is. "Well, knowing that is now a magic potion of healing and two other magical potions, that is a "very valuable belt with its contents. I would sell you just the belt for five silver pieces. To "include the vials, and they do come as a set, unfortunately, that would run you 275 gold pieces." "We've had it for a number of years." (chuckles) "That is not going to work." She reaches out and takes the belt away from you and sets it back down on the inside. "For the belt, maybe." "Right, but you're willing to have and to offer that 75 gold for it, please." "No, it's not going to work. I'm sorry." Make a persuasion check. She goes, "225 gold for the set." Make a charisma check. Just a straight charisma modifier to your roll. She goes, "I appreciate your patronage, but I am a patient woman, and that is how I hold "business." (laughter) Maybe a 45-minute to an hour walk. You ask around. It looks to probably be about four hours from sunset. So you guys are making your way towards the Cerulean Palace. As you approach the large, extremely imposing palace, you come upon what looks to be an endless series of stairs that brings you to the upper platform that is the central portion of the city where the palace seems to reside, eventually peaking in the Sandherald district that you were referred to earlier as the location of the palace and where the Bowl of Judgment exists. You step up to the very top of the stairs to find yourself already breathless at the sight of the immense purple-blue-colored palace. A dozen towers reach for the clouds, the daylight peeking through their slightly translucent material, like glassy waters ever-frozen in a fall. The central tower, the one that caught your eye, that ends in a large cup-like position, rises above all of them with a slight spiral-type texture to the outside of the palace that is incredibly tall amongst the rest of the cityscape. As you get closer, you can see the main palace structure presents hundreds of arches pointed at their apex in its structure, smaller and smaller as it recesses further into the palace. Its very architectural build is a marvel, and seems to both have consistency and a chaotic feel to the placement of some of these arches too, in size. It's a very strange but fascinating structure. You can also see turquoise detailing and trim against many of the pillars and carvings and statues that adorn the exterior of the grounds of this palace. As you approach what appear to be the front gates that ascend, with a very bright blue turquoise exterior, close to 50 Hands of Ord patrol various elements of the grounds around it. It looks like there are actual pockets of grass and gardens that exist around the Cerulean Palace in here. The topography changes almost to feel like it belongs entirely anywhere but the middle of the desert. The guards do eye you suspiciously as you approach, and you watch as one armored woman, her dark hair hidden mostly beneath an ornate helmet of brass and blue, approaches you guys. "Welcome to the Cerulean Palace. I must ask "your business here." "Our emperor does not take meetings. My apologies, but I must ask you to leave." Make a persuasion check. 24. "Let me inquire with the Grand Maven." She turns around, her armor clinking, and walks back to the palace, leaving you guys there amongst these courtyard grounds. A few moments pass before she returns, the doors opening. As she descends, next to her you see an older woman with these long, ceremonial robes that drag behind her, spilling across the stairs as she descends, seemingly dozens of gemmed bracelets that jingle as she walks with each step. She wears a tall headdress with what looks like brass quills that press behind her head and down her back. As she approaches you all, the woman earlier that you spoke to, the Hand that approached you, stays behind quietly and watches, weapon at the ready. The woman steps forward with a smile, and unlike the abrasive appearance that most of the Hand have given, she seems to be more welcoming, and gives, for the first time since you've been here, a very formal welcoming bow with her hand before her, the other hand out. Says, "Be pleased, everyone." "I must apologize. We were not aware of your arrival here. I am the Grand Maven Gameshega. "Please, enter and follow me." As she walks past you and the female Hand that saw you earlier steps aside and watches you as you pass, then ends up stepping behind you and flanking, keeping a watch from the back as you guys are led up the final staircase, through the front turquoise gates of the Cerulean Palace, and they close behind you with a resounding (impact), the impact echoing through these long halls. From the interior, massive pointed archways that lead down ornately decorated halls that echo with each footfall that hits across what looks like endless white and black bespeckled marble. She leads you through a series of hallways, more Hands walking past, as well as a number of other robed individuals. What appears to be a central chamber that has a number of steps and seats, where it looks like various philosophers are in mid-heated discussion in once again, this same language that you have not heard on your ears before. You are eventually brought to a very intricate and decorated waiting room, with some finely upholstered silk chairs, couches. The Grand Maven stops. "If you would not mind, please have a seat." She walks into a nearby doorway. It looks like a single door that leads into a small-looking room, from the brief moment you have to see it. The door closes and you hear a (magic sound). Two minutes pass. Five minutes pass. Ten eerie, quiet minutes pass. No windows in this particular room, but you notice as you take a close look, the roofs, while they are built of this deep blue, almost glass-like thick crystal, they're ever so slightly translucent, and it gives this general blue glow about the entire room. You can't make out any details from the outside, but there is this strange translucence to the entire structure. There is the hallway that you left behind, but there standing in the doorway is the same Hand that approached you guys and has been keeping an eye the entire time. Is away from you, standing in the large archway hall that led you into this waiting room. She glances at you. "You look like a strapping young man. Perhaps you can hold onto "that for a time." She leans behind the hallway. (foreign language) "Just a moment." Another guard walks up behind and kicks a bucket into the room. Make a perception check. You have your ear up against the wall. Well, you're subtly doing it, and there's nothing. You get closer and closer, and there's nothing. The rest of you hear (magic sounds), but you're still-- Eventually, the door opens again, and there the Grand Maven stands again. She looks up to the rest of you. "Come with me. You have "been granted an audience." She steps back into the chamber. You walk into what is a cylindrical chamber of smooth blue-purple quartz-like material with four strands of heavy chains taut between the ceiling and floor, about 15 feet above you. No other exit. You all enter and the door closes behind you, the Maven still relaxing, her arms to her side, her headdress still giving her this ominous presence. Looks up, and there's a (impact) shuddering sound. Suddenly, the bland, uncharacteristic walls, compared to the rest of the palace, begin to slide past the chains, now making this rattling sound as the floor itself seems to be lurching. You feel a bit of pressure in the room that wasn't there before. You're all being lifted, and the walls, now no longer walled in by the rest of the palace, you can now see this occasional traveling-down line as the spiral on the outside of the tower you once saw now surrounds you. The walls are much thinner than the rest of the palace, as you can see through this somewhat-translucent glass exterior the entirety of Emon surrounding you from upon high as it goes lower and lower as you're lifted higher and higher into this tower. It's very off-putting, but beautiful at the same time. Everything's seen through this shimmering, somewhat-refracted blue passage. As you go higher and higher, you can see the countless homes, walls, and towers getting smaller and smaller, other towers eventually ending as you go higher in the tower. The Maven says, "I request you do not touch the walls, please." The view reveals the entirety of the city around you, and beyond that, the distant dunes and the desert that seems to have no end. You view a far-off mountainscape a little bit in the northern direction that just begins to peek past your view, then (boom) the floor ceases again. You all seem to lurch for a moment, yourself, an inch before you catch yourself on your feet. The Maven catches herself, very used to this transition. You now see behind her, where it has stopped, there is another set of doors, similar to the ones you entered from in the bottom portion of this tower. The door opens, (creak) and you can see the next room is a set of staircases of the same color that slowly curl off and disappear upward above you. "Please, follow me." She walks in, her robe dragging behind her. You guys give enough berth for it to follow. As you're led up the stairway, choosing right or left, they both lead to the upper platform in what is the top of the central tower of the Cerulean Palace. As you enter this room, you see close to a hundred dangling silk tapestries from 50 or 60 feet up of multitudes of different colors; rainbowscapes of beautiful translucent cloths and silks, gently flowing with breezes and mingling and mixing into each other around the outside of the wall. High arched windows on each side, and behind, what looks to be a large opening reveals passing clouds surrounding this height and obfuscating certain portions as they meet with the height of this tower's apex. You see a large balcony from the opposite side of the room that is opened from its own similar-sized arch that extends outward. It has a railing about four feet up that is an opening that overlooks in open air all above the city to see. In the center of the chamber, you see a series of step-like platforms, circular, that rise up upon each other, and in the center, you see what seems to be a tall throne of bronze and sapphire that probably sits ten feet up from the base. Thin, but extremely long and widens towards the top. You can see hundreds of sapphires put into and set into this shiny, ruddy metallic material that frames the entirety of the throne. And there sitting atop this throne, you see a slender, human-like entity wearing no jewelry, no ceremonial adornments, no crown, just a simple brown cotton shirt over simple, elegant pants. Bare feet, no shoes. Androgynous and beautiful; you're unable to make out the sex of this creature. It's not a man, nor elf. Not fey, but something somewhat alien, almost. The skin a deep-set reddish brown, smooth and impeccable. The features are extremely fine and delicate. The eyes are what catch you black like night, but the pupils, burning points of molten metal. The entity smiles and stands off the throne. Now, at this height, seeing it standing almost as tall as Grog, by comparison. The limbs are elongated. Extends a hand towards you as you step into the chamber. "Welcome to Ank'Harel, heroes of Tal'Dorei. I am J'mon Sa Ord, and it is my pleasure to greet you." And that is where we'll pick up our session in two weeks. Two weeks. Yeah. We have two weeks until we pick up from that point in the story. Next week, look forward once again to Liam running his awesome one-shot. It's going to be awesome. It's been fun. But anyway, guys, thank you so much. Hope you had a fun time. Much love to all of you in the community. You're awesome; thank you so much for your support. Thank you for supporting our wonderful charities. 826 has been awesome, and they keep showing up. We saw recently in Target ads, actually, which is fantastic, so thank you guys so much for keeping up with them. You can still give them money. You can still support 826LA, as well as any of the other charities we have listed in our Guide to Critmas on the website. Those are great ways to give and great ways to support all of these wonderful people out there doing wonderful things. And thank you, Loot Crate, for your support of this show and support of our community, giving them an awesome discount. However, most of us will now adjourn to finish signing the posters forever. Finishing for a lot of us. Finishing this weekend, so they should be going out soon to you guys. Thank you for your patience. The first batch of posters are now out. This batch will go out soon.