Hello and welcome to Critical Role, the game where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Tonight we have an interesting continuation of the story; we'll be picking up here shortly. First and foremost, we're going to get ourselves through a few announcements and some cool things you guys should know. So, first and foremost for returning fans and people watching the show, thank you, and if this your first time live or your first time seeing the show, hopefully you're not too confused and welcome as well. First and foremost, for those who haven't seen it yet we've been doing Spotify playlists for each of the players and the characters; we just finished that whole sequence with mine that went up today, so if you haven't had a chance to check it out you can go ahead and check it out. I did a playlist based around many of the NPCs in the world of Exandria that Vox Machina have come across and just a couple little tidbits about their characters and their backgrounds and one song per NPC that rounds out their personalities, so check it out if you're interested. Hopefully you like it and you also get an eye into my taste in music, too. We had a new comic come up this week, didn't we? Laura. (laughter) I will say, Laura, you plop down drunkenly very adorably. All right, cool, so go check out the comic, drawn by our wonderful artist Wendy, and this is all leading into a retelling of the Winter's Crest festival, the first one that Vox Machina had in the city of Westrun, so go check it out and see. Other updates my class update also went up yesterday and it was actually just updated before the show tonight with a couple of fixes to some of the text and stuff, so if you've already downloaded, go to the website and download the newest one, it's 1.2. It's called the Bloodhunter; it's a retool of the Witchhunter, taking it away from the promotional aspect that it was tied to back in October. I was able to retool it and make it something a little more wholly my own and my own unique design as opposed to being tied to the preexisting IP. So it's got some cool abilities. I hope you like it. If you feel like running it in your game or allowing your players to do so, have fun. Not the seal of approval, I would say. I did manage to have some wonderful feedback from Mike Mearls from Dungeons and Dragons at Wizards of the Coast. He was very very sweet enough to give me notes and ideas when I was going through the redesign process so thank you tremendously Mike for that. It's still my real first homebrew class that I've ever designed, so it's far from perfect and there'll be adjustments as time goes on and play tests and balance things come through, so be gentle. But it should at least be fun. Let's see. Marisha! You wanted to talk about Super Power Beat Down real fast. (laughing) Because it's Christmas? That's crazy! The not-good one! Just saying. No. If the internet's been watching-- If the internet's been paying attention, they'll know that I've practically already been in Brokeback Mountain II. Oh yeah. So, on Hulu, there's the new Rocket Jump series that went up, and our dear friend Ashly Burch, a very talented girl, wrote and directed a very awesome, really hilarious sketch that is a loving parody of fanfiction on the internet and fan cultures colliding. And I had the pleasure of briefly having a cameo as Loki in it, and I'm not going to spoil the ending, because it's a whopper. (laughter) It's a very happy ending with multiple happy endings. All over. So, you can go check that out. And I'm sorry. And I'm sorry. (laughs) Depending on who I'm talking to. Another quick awesome announcement, this is huge Ashley, can you please wear headphones, a slight echo is coming through? Thank you. So, if you guys could all help her do that, that would be great. Next week is our last episode before the holiday break. No, don't even say that! We've already had that rumor go around apparently, like, "Oh my god, is the show going to end forever?" I'm like, no! Yeah. Oh, we'll just reroll characters. Yeah, and we'll all play Rifts. It'll be good. No. So, next week will be our last episode before the break. We'll be returning on January 7th. But in the meantime, everyone will be enjoying time with their families and such. Enjoy your two week break off. I know we will. Also, once again just a reminder, we have our Critmas sweaters available. You can't beat promotion like this, folks. Check out the Geek and Sundry website. They have all of the awesome stuff up there so you can get those last-minute presents for your friends and family who hopefully haven't seen the show so they're really confused what you get them. Yeah, hey, works out well. It's the season of the Homer bowling ball. Marisha, you want to talk about the Boonzy Arts candles? There you have it. Also as a reminder, we have Wyrmwood Gaming that does the really awesome high-quality gamer stuff. You have to request that. Couple of last things. The Critter's Guide to Critmas is going up tomorrow, isn't it? 6AM. So, tomorrow you'll be able to read this really inaccurate description by Sam Riegel-- the Critter's Guide to Critmas. And last but not least, if anybody has any other announcements or projects coming up that they'd like to mention. There's a Wii U game that just came out called Xenoblade Chronicles X where I voice a character named Lao, that just came out recently, so if you're a fan of those awesome RPGs, I will be really subdued and arrogant in your face. Exactly. Every week. Anything else, guys? We good? All righty. Now let's get down to the nitty gritty. (sound effect noises) The lights swish. All right. So, to get you guys up to speed as fast as I can-- this is a really long arc. The Briarwoods, being a family that five years ago took over the city of Whitestone, where Percy hails from, murdered his family, and he barely escaped with his life, years later, came back into the folds of Vox Machina's existence, and it was decided to go ahead and hunt them down and save the city of Whitestone. Upon arriving, they began to stir rebellion in the town against this horrible undead menace controlled by Lady Briarwood herself. After this rebellion was incited, fires were burning, individuals were killed that were responsible for keeping the people down and just generally bad people all around were being slaughtered by our intrepid adventurers. They made their way into Whitestone Castle, where they had uncovered some information about the ziggurat, a project in which the Briarwoods had been developing something beneath the city of Whitestone, and discovered that Percy's sister Cassandra, who was thought to be dead long ago, actually still survived and was being kept in the castle. She joined the party as you guys fought your way down underneath the city of Whitestone through a series of tunnels, finding yourselves unintentionally locked within a trap, a retooled version of what was previously an acid distillery for the whitestone that's actually mined from the surrounding mountains, and thought left for dead by the Briarwoods themselves. In which Vax was charmed and taken along with them, and Cassandra showed herself-- Well, acid's bad in general, you know, it's not like, "Oh, this acid's fine." I stand corrected. No. It's probably not going to happen. It's not acid resistance on your armor, it's citric acid resistance. Very possible. Anyway, back to the story. Upon facing the danger of this trap, and seeing Cassandra turn redcoat to them with the Briarwoods, the party managed to think their way out of the trap before too much damage was taken, and following the Briarwoods to the final chamber where the ziggurat was constructed, where apparently there is some sort of ritual underway to some entity they worship or work with that they refer to as "The Whispered One." Upon following, the party dividing up and following up the sides of the ziggurat, they managed to catch an encounter with the Briarwoods, a charmed Vax, and Cassandra before they could enter the actual ritual chamber. A battle commenced where, thanks to proper preparation, did not go all so poorly, and in the process Sylas Briarwood was destroyed through a combination of Sunbeam via Keyleth and some Pike shield deflection-- a very "Avengers" moment with a hint of phallic imagery. Sylas's destruction sent Delilah into a mournful wail and she decided to try and complete the ritual herself, although it may or may not have been too soon to do so. Dimension Doored her way into the ritual room, which you guys followed over the wall. She seemed to complete the ritual, creating this small vacuous spinning black sphere that is locked in place. Vex was nearly felled by a spell as she attempted to fly in and stop it. The party then rushed in to aid Vex. Percy took a shot that intentionally did not finish Lady Briarwood, just taking off her right arm as she fell unconscious, bleeding out. Vex, unconscious from the fall and also on the cusp of dying, the party rushed in to help her and realized seemingly the vicinity around this orb had cut all magic. So thus, they were snatched up and escorted off the side of the ziggurat, and that was where we left the last game. To pick up where we were, who had Vex in their arms last time? Was that you? Grog, you have Vex in your arms. Who has Delilah? And who has Cassandra? Okay. So, you have Delilah and and Vex. Who has Cassandra? Okay. So, as you guys are rushing down the steps of the ziggurat itself, the green glass-like jade material slowly fading into the whitestone as you rush towards the base with what little bit of light was available to you from the small bits of torches placed at the bottom of the ziggurat and what light sources you brought with you. You find yourselves at the very bottom of the dirt, looking around. There's the exit where you guys originally entered this chamber. You do also see a number of small metallic carts, some turned on their sides; you can see crumpled bits of whitestone and shards of that green glass residuum material left out. You can see there's piles of leftover building materials that are scattered about the floor of this area. So you guys are still a little bit behind the rest of the group. You're on your way now, you're just now rushing down the stairs of the ziggurat while the rest of you have reached the bottom. Save versus Uranus. That is what I said. The next errata document. She's manacled behind you. And Cassandra is tied up. As the rest of you rush down to the bottom, minus Vax and Keyleth, do you wish to wait for them, or push on to the tunnel where you entered? So you know that they're following you. So at this point, as you're having this discussion, you guys are rushing down, and you guys see this as you're rushing down the ziggurat, the radiant energy that is currently the form of Pike seems to have slowly dwindled and she looks over her shoulder with a look of immediate fear as it blinks out. It seems as if whatever anti-magical aura has slowly pushed the divine connection that keeps her present from the current vicinity. So, you guys push on, making your way to the cavern and heading back towards the undercroft vicinity of Whitestone. You guys have just now made your way towards the exit tunnel, so you're just now leaving. Sure. Well, you push and make your way into-- As you guys rush behind. You head back into the tunnel having to lower your head a little bit as you're carrying this payload, you're lumbering through, giant goliath body just stomping through-- Yeah. You come to where there is the partially-dissolved stone door, and you rush underneath and using all of your back muscle-- make a strength check. (grunts) Tensing the entirety of your muscle structure-- Oh, it's not about you being heavy. It's about the door itself not being quite large enough for him to come through carrying that large of people. You (grunts) lift it, and you hear the stone (scraping noise) shift as it's forcefully pushed up. You hear snaps of things breaking or supports that were keeping it in place as you, essentially, break the door and jam it upward, giving you enough space to pull through the rest of the party. Indeed. Greatest nemesis of Vox Machina. She's unconscious now. You make your way into the top level of the distillery room, down the pathway into the upward ramp to the opposite side, the door open, and you are now outside of the distillery trap. You're not currently with them, though. You're behind with Vax, trying to catch up. Yeah. You want to stop for a second and pull it out? Okay. She (thudding noise) rolls, bounces a little bit from the sheer force of the throw. You're not even paying attention as to whether or not she's still breathing. You reach in your pouch and bring out your potion. Set Vex down and hand it to her. You go ahead and heal 2d4 plus two hit points. Yeah. There you go. That's actually a pretty good roll. At this point, as you guys have pushed outside of that room, it appears to be functioning again. Okay. Go for it. Roll for that. At 1st level? So 2d8 plus your spellcasting modifier. Whatever your wisdom modifier is. Okay. At this point, Keyleth and Vax catch up to the rest of you guys. Sure. Which, at this point, just a note, in all the chaos and all the intent, trying to get things out of there, you're just now starting to realize that the Seeming spell that you placed on the whole party has also been canceled as part of whatever this trigger anti-field was. So you all look around and realize, oh, we aren't a bunch of Percys and Cassandras. Trinket's nuzzling the body. Okay. (Skype sounds) All right, so. You go ahead and check on her. Go ahead and make--actually this is pretty easy, you just go ahead and take a moment, you just feel her for a pulse. She is currently still alive. And with a flash of divine energy just past the outskirts of this anti-magic field, you can see Pike's radiant ethereal form all of a sudden reconstruct itself. LAURA and She is currently alive. She's unconscious. And she's, thankfully from the blast and the sheer force of it, part of the wound was cauterized, but she has been bleeding quite a bit on the run down here, and she would probably need some sort of-- You go and inspect the barrel. No. Sylas Briarwood is currently erased from the barrel. If you want to. So yeah, as you guys are having this conversation, Grog comes over and pulls out a mottled mass of really filthy rags from the Bag of Holding, probably used in various nose-wiping circumstances. But somehow it manages to stop the bleeding and keep her relatively stable for the moment, yeah. Okay. Pike, did you say you wanted to cast Mass Cure Wounds, you said? Okay, you can choose up to six creatures in a 30-foot radius, so it's your choice who you want to heal. All right, so that's 3d8 plus five for you. Oh, to have a cleric in the group again. Oh. Let this be a lesson to all the people out there who think clerics are lame and nobody loves them. Okay, so you pull it and you gag her around the side of her mouth and as you end up tying it, you see one of her eyes lulls open and she kind of, (coughs, sputters). Up to you. What do you want to do? (laughing) Roll a strength check. (whack) Right across her face. You hear a resounding crack sound as it appears some part of her cheek bone probably is going to be fairly bruised tomorrow. But she is straight to unconsciousness again. (cheering) She's still breathing. Okay. As you're standing in the tunnel, they're off to one side. You go over to where Cassandra is. You briefly set her down to have this conversation. She's still bound on her arms and legs-- she was nearly hogtied by Grog when you guys finished up at the top of the temple. She's breathing. You can see, the dirt from being tossed to the ground is caked in on where the tear marks are down her face. You shake her gently and eventually she comes to consciousness and her eyes roll around for a moment, she glances over at you. "Percy?" "I don't... what? What's going on?" She starts moving around, looking around the tunnel real fast at everyone. "What happened? "What's going on?" And as you say this, you see she reacts as almost someone had just punched her in the chest and the tears begin to flow down her face again, and she, "I'm sorry." Okay. (slap) Go ahead and roll a strength check. 15, yeah okay. You smack her to get her attention in this circumstance. She stops for a second and gathers herself. Her breathing slows and she stares off into space for a moment. "Probably." "I don't know. They wouldn't let me near it." "I'm not lying! Do I have a reason to lie right now?" And she looks over at you with an intensity to her gaze that catches you not as desperation, but as passionate self-loathing. "I know. I know." She leans her head down on the side of this cavern wall and stares off into space. "All that I know about this is that they've been building it under the guidance of some other "person or entity. They referred to him many times as the Whispered One. They're very secretive about "it. The only reason I knew was because I overheard a few conversations and questioned them about it. To "which there was punishment. But they mainly kept me to try and keep the people at bay. My job was "to keep in contact with anyone who would attempt to rise against them, and inform them. I would "prevent any surprises, although apparently (chuckles) and thankfully, I didn't do a very good job." And she looks around the room at the rest of you. Roll a religion check, Mr. Bard. A lich entity, yeah. Cassandra shakes her head and says, "Honestly, I didn't know anything beyond the name. "I just knew they were very close with this individual." "I know there was a blood ritual involved. I did not know more than that. There was to be a "gift of power should I give an element of my life to this ritual." She shakes her head for a second. She blinks her eyes, and she says, "I don't feel like I was right in my head. I look back on so "many decisions I've made, and all the people that I've--" The tears just start flowing again. 14. Best that you can read off her is there is a deep look of regret and sorrow in her face. And you do notice that, through most of this conversation, as much as she's been able to talk to all of you, she has been unable to make eye contact with Percy. "I mean, you've already done half the job." Her eyes look over at the unconscious Delilah in the hallway. She thinks hard for a second, her eyes squinting. "I don't. They spoke very little-- "intentionally, I think-- of what they wanted to do. To be honest, I think there was an element "that even they didn't know quite what they were doing. I was a tool. I was to be used. I had my "purposes. I did my best to fulfill them." She glances over at her, and with a stern look on her face she goes, "Someone needs to "avenge my family." And for the first time she looks over and makes eye contact with you. You feel a pulse in your hand, like a heartbeat. (thoom) The gun itself seems warmer and warmer, and you guys all notice as a bit of smoke begins to billow out the sides of Percy's sleeves. You hear a familiar voice creep up in the back of your head. "Percival." "Here at your mercy." "The deal was never changed." "The deal was made." "You made a great sacrifice for my gifts, Percival. Do not let it be in vain." "Pull the trigger." You're placing the gun against your own head? "Percy, no!" "Percival, don't do this. We made a deal." "What are visions if not a window into the future? You understand so little, Percival. Do not "make me regret sharing this with you." (chuckles) The smoke still billows out from you at this point. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. You do. 20. You feel that warm pulse that was in your hand earlier that was coming from the gun? It pulses like a heartbeat in the hand that was holding it, and for a second you feel like something grabbed your wrist and slapped it away towards your back, reaching for where Bad News is. And then you (grunts) rip control of your hand once again. Delilah, whose eyes are still rolling after all the shouting that's been going on as she comes into consciousness with a gag around her mouth and goes (breathes heavily, struggling) And her eyes dart around in fear. You can see that her makeup has run down her cheeks from her own lamenting over Sylas's loss and the confusion over the ritual. And the fear all of a sudden turns to seething, burning hatred as they dart around. And then (struggles again). She can't talk. As this is happening, the gag falls away from her mouth from the magic hand. She's glancing at you and the smoke is now billowing up stronger to the point where you can barely see Percy's torso. You can see his head now, and what little bit of a view you have, his eyes have gone completely dark. There is just pitch black, completely encasing the entirety of his visible eye. You can see his feet still dangling beneath the smoke, and his feet are digging and tensed into the ground. Delilah is looking at you right now and the anger and fury in her eyes clarified, she just looks up and, "You've already taken everything from me." "Interesting. You seem to be struggling, Percy." Okay. Okay. So Minor Illusion, as a limitation, it wouldn't be a full-body illusion, but you can take elements of your features. Yeah. Where once Percy's face existed, it twists into this shimmering apparition of Sylas Briarwood looking down at her as his face contorts into horrible, screaming pain. The head rises up and almost soundlessly, he screams out as the flesh begins to melt from the bone. As it does, Percy's voice rings out in this cacophonous roar that shakes the cavern around you. "I don't know. I don't even know if it worked. We've been preparing for this ritual "for... five godforsaken years. All to repay a debt. And that's all. You forced us. "It was too soon." "We were waiting for a particular date. There is a time each year in which the barriers "between realms grow and grow very weak. You recall Erevan's attempt generations ago to blur between "the realm of ice and this one, which you call the Winter's Crest. Well, this is too early, and you "saw our failure. He will not be happy, I imagine. And I still owe him for what he gave me. For what "he gave us." At which point, her eyes well up with tears, and she looks over. "He gave me my Sylas back. And "you took him from me again. So do what you must do. I know I've paid my penance, and I know that "no matter what steps you take now, it will only drag you deeper into this dark hole you've drawn "yourselves. And you will hear me laughing." Make a strength check. 19? (impact noise) You hear (clinking) across some of the lower rocks as two of her teeth go scattering out the side of her mouth. No. Okay. Make a sleight of hand check. So five. (giggles) Make a perception check. So you watch as Scanlan looks around, grabs it. Picks it up and (clink) the full barrel comes off of the gun. Pike, you go ahead and make a religion check. It's tempting. 17, okay. Not a whole lot more information than what Scanlan was able to ascertain from this. You just know that this entity known as Vecna, once a very powerful arch-lich, had once attempted to ascend to godhood, and was supposedly halted in the process, a battle that occurred on another plane, amongst heroes that only a few came back from, but apparently stopped a very terrible thing. But that was hundreds and hundreds of years ago. You do know that-- sorry. You do know, and Pike relays this too. In particular, Vecna is known as, for lack of a better term, the patron saint-- or lesser god to those who worship-- as the deity of secrets. Dark secrets, things that wish to be kept out of the knowledge of most of the world at large. And these secrets are coveted. Taliesin, tell me what your persuasion and deception skills are. Inter-party insight. Way to point that out. I would also like you to make another wisdom saving throw. At this point, you feel your hands tense up, and once again begin to reach towards your back. You close your eyes and with all your will and might, you just scream "No!" Instinctively, it wasn't even a conscious thought, it was just an animalistic response to feeling your physical form being taken over, and in that moment, every muscle in your body tenses. And you guys watch the smoke momentarily drift from his form behind him. Behind him. At this point, you can see this smoke that was once billowing from Percy is now standing in this outer human-like shape. As it stands there for a moment, it begins to swell and grow larger, filling almost the height of the ten-foot tunnel that you guys are standing in, looming over Percy's body, still connected through his shadow through the floor of the tunnel itself. It just looms over and as it peeks forward, you guys for the first time hear the voice that's been poking through him this entire time just say, "Percival. Do it." Then let's roll some initiative. (yelling) (laughs) That's pretty great, actually. You haven't taken a short rest. Yeah. So right there with her. It's too late. Who's standing where? I'm going to say Pike's probably-- Percy is currently right here. Well, more in the center there talking to everybody. With Cassandra on the ground there. Right, so you guys would be probably back here. Your daggers ready. Trinket is probably over by you, of course. And Keyleth? I'd say you're probably on this side, talking to Percy. I have you right here between him and Lady Briarwood. Right there. You would have a clear line of sight. The two gnomes are between you, so you're fine. We're going to find out in just a second. So, first and foremost, initiative order. We have 25 to 20? Wow, okay, so we have Vex. Two 20s. 19 to 15? 19. 16, okay. 15 to ten? 17. Oh, 17, all right. You did. That's okay. Pike, what did you get? Eight! Yeah! All right. First and foremost, Vex, you're up with the initiative on this. You go ahead and you bring your holy arrow and you release it. Technically, no, it knew you were there, it was very aware of everyone's position. And was essentially after being forced out of his body at the moment preparing itself for some sort of assault, so not a surprise round, unfortunately. So go ahead and make your attacks with your arrows, if you'd like. Both of those hit. I'll consider that, do 1d4 radiant damage to it. In addition to that, so 17 plus-- 21 for the first one. All right. So-- All righty. You did. That's okay. All right. You pull back and release the first arrow. As it goes and hits, you can see the smoke itself is obscuring its place and keeping it hard to hit, but you still strike true, the arrow striking into its form. And there's a flash of radiant energy as it hits, and you see the creature takes from the impact and stares down at its chest. As it looks up, its face turning towards you, and it is this formless humanoid body, but the face itself does pinch into this elongated crow skull-- They impacted. All right. Takes both the hits and looks over at you, and you can see as it turns the head, you can see better, even in this low light, the shape of its face, and its eyes burst into this angry burning purplish energy expression and it looks very unhappy with the current circumstance. Do you want to move you or Trinket? Okay. There you go. That's it, you're just going to keep there? All right. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up next. It's about 12 feet. You are, which means you could blast towards the wall and hit it. Okay. All right. So you, it's right there in front of you as the smoke rises up, and you see the arrows strike it, there's the flash of holy energy from Vex's attack, and that moment, as it's distracted, you use that to conjure a lightning bolt and (lightning sound). For a moment, the flashing of light lights up the cavern around. The bolt passes through it harmlessly. The lightning bolt passes through it and it strikes the back of the wall and you can see the electrical energy discharge across the stone and earth, arcing and spidering off until it dissipates, seeming to not have any sort of impact or effect on the billowing smoke entity. You want to stay there or you want to move? You are in its melee range. You are in its melee range, so if you move it will get an attack of opportunity if it chooses to take it. Okay. All right, take your d10. This moment of intensity, as you turn around now at this point, seeing everyone striking, you've looked your head over and you can see for the first time in full physical form, the creature that has haunted your dreams for the past five years. While it is not present, you can feel it smile. It's your turn. Okay. Okay, so you pull out the-- okay. Unfortunately, it's going to, to free her entirely of her bonds and give her that, it's going to be your action. I know. All right. It is now Vax's turn. What's giving you advantage on this? Because he hasn't gone first in the first round? That is correct, yes. All right. So both of those hit. Okay. Right. Do you want to sneak attack with this? Because in theory, it's in melee range with an ally. With Percy and with Scanlan. Don't rob yourself of what you do. We're working out the bugs. It's a process. We're working on it. All right, cool. 15 points of sneak attack damage. So as you throw the two daggers, plunging them both, both of them, their little aura of magical energy flashing as they both impact the smoke form, seeming to sink slowly as they hit and then finding the edge of their blades sunken into its torso. As it rears back. Correct, all right. Cool. That, are you going to stay where you are, Vax? All right. Now it is the entity's turn. As it rears and the daggers both vanish from its torso, returning to your belt side, it is glaring down at you to its side, and it says, "Percival. "Don't make Orthax regret working with you." Shifting this way twice. Percy, you will get an attack of opportunity with your rapier if you'd like. All right. 25 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nine points of damage. All right. Good to know. Now, on the rest of its turn. As it shifts up, it doesn't walk or move, its form drifts along and the shadows meet it there, the smoke almost appears at the spot where it intends to go and then it meets it in that moment. As it does, it now stands between a bunch of you. Its eyes flare with dark purple, and you just hear this scream, this screeching (scream) echo out from it, and as it does, all of you hold your ears for a second. I need everyone to make a wisdom saving throw. You have advantage. Okay. So. All of you guys hold your ears for a second, and everyone that rolled higher than a 17 takes six points of psychic damage. Correct. You guys both take 13 points of psychic damage. Both of you feel all of a sudden like your brain fill with this urge to strike something, this overwhelming need to slash out at whatever's near you. Both of you get a brief move. Grog, that's going to pull you this way, and Vax, it's going to pull you this way. I need both of you guys to roll an attack roll. As you rush up with your hammer, flames, and you swing it down towards Scanlan. Okay, roll the attack. Okay, so 19. All right, roll a d10. All right, so Cutting Words, if I recall-- Right, so that brings it from 19 to 16. What's your armor class? With that, the bard's words ring true to your mind, and for a second, you feel this new, this not Grog-based rage, this outside forceful rage that it confuses you, and as he says that, you're right! He is no hollaback gnome. (laughter) Vax, I'd like you to go ahead and make a dagger strike against Pike. Rolled a 13. Pike, you look over your shoulder as all of a sudden Vax appears behind you and slams forward with the dagger. You whip around with your shield and, with a large striking arc of sparks deflect the blade blow across the dark air of this interior tunnel, harmlessly. You take no damage. And with that, you know what? It's going to go ahead and do this. The entity then moves backwards. Pike and Scanlan-- oh, you already used your reaction to do Cutting Words, so you don't get that. Pike, go ahead and make a melee attack. One reaction per round. Just roll a d20, roll for your normal mace attack. 17, unfortunately, does not hit. It seems like it should've, but the smoke is obscuring the vision around it, and where you swing, you do not manage to get quite close enough to hit its body. As it steps backward into the wall and out of visual range. Into the wall. It just vanishes into the side of the tunnel. That brings us to Grog. Yeah. Okay. Okay, so like right there? Okay. If you want to, you can hold. You can use your action to ready an attack so whenever a trigger of your choosing happens, you can then make your attack. Okay. What trigger would you like? Okay, and comes within melee range? Okay, so you're holding your action there. Good to know. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. All righty. Faerie Fire. Where do you want it? Just in this vicinity? Okay, so, 20-foot radius so we'll say probably in the back here and forward this way, so this area between these. So as Keyleth, you put your arms up and this burst of glowing luminescent pinkish-purple energy begins to sparkle through the air like glitter suspended in low gravity, and it drifts through the air in the entire vicinity, you can see it clinging to you guys a little bit. All right. Are you going to move or you going to stay where you are? Step out of the Faerie Fire or into it? Okay. Am I? Just ten feet? Okay. Ending your turn, Keyleth. Pike, you're up. No, as far as you know-- Yeah, it's radiant damage and, let me pull up the-- Yeah, you have no visual on him. The smoke entity has moved into the wall and is nowhere in your visible range right now, so you have nothing that you can attack in theory that you know of. If you have any buff spells, anything you want to do in preparation for it, or hold your action as well until it reappears, you can do that. Okay. Are you staying put? Are you moving at all, or do you want to stay where you are? Okay. Cool. So you shout that out at the end of that? Cassandra, now, who has been unbound, gets up. Her weapons were taken from her when you bound her, so she stands up and puts herself to the wall and looks at you with a-- Okay. She takes the rapier and looks at it and goes running away, back towards where Castle Whitestone is. If you want to, instead of holding your action, cast something, you can do that. What are you going to choose? You get to choose a certain type of creature which he's protected against. You have no idea. You saw it briefly. I'm going to have you roll a religion check. Being a religiously trained individual, let's see if you can ascertain the nature of this creature, this entity. 22? Okay. In the brief moment you got to see it, the way it moves, the way it completely cast aside Scanlan's attack, and the way that it housed itself within Percy for so long. There are elements of it that make you think of a shadow demon. But usually, they're not this large. They're not this powerful. Either this is just a powerful entity of a similar type, or it's been feeding over time, or it's something beyond that, but you get the sense that this thing is demonic in nature, based on the brief appearance you had with it. Okay, so that would be fiends. So you choose fiends? Great. So any attack rolls against you from fiend creatures have disadvantage. She's thinking he might be, based on her roll. Then, knowing that going forward, that may change your next round of combat. Good to know! So you are currently are protected from fiends. Vex, you're up first. Make an intelligence check. Just roll a d20 and add your intelligence. And you have advantage on it because he's your favored. 12? Okay. You know that these creatures are incorporeal. They can generally shift in and out of solid matter as a way of moving and defending itself. You know that they're difficult to fight in the dark. You also know that they, because of their form, are generally resistant to a lot of types of elemental-type damage. And lighting and cold no effect whatsoever. As well as poison. That's as much as you can ascertain with that roll. Yeah, you can actually sense him. He's maybe ten feet inside the wall. He's currently hiding in the wall, yeah. Okay. Go ahead and roll a stealth check. Yeah. What? Okay, good to know. So you (wind noise) flatten yourself against the wall, best of your ability. Okay, so you're going to hold your action until he appears. Other than the torches you guys have been carrying through here? Yes. Glowing from the Faerie Fire. But it's a gentle glow, so it's very low light in this area. Yeah. It's like a nice basement bar. A good dive. (laughs) Ending your turn. Scanlan, you're up. No. All right. You step out of the area and it all drifts off your body, and you're no longer affected by the spell. Not currently, no. Yeah, you can do that. All right. Ends your turn. Percy, you're up. You're just stepping out of it there. You can keep going if you want. Okay. Ending your turn. Vax, you're up. All right, good to know. All right. At that moment, as you vanish to the side, the entity pops out from this side-- Right behind you as you're preparing. And all of a sudden (whoosh) smoke billows out. You turn out of the corner of your head. At that point, everyone who was holding your action, you're doing your attacks simultaneously. He is, currently, yeah. He didn't see it being cast. He withdrew before it happened, so he steps right into it. Yeah, all of your attacks on him currently have advantage. 14 unfortunately misses. You fire and (ricochet noise) it seems that, in a strange way, the gentle pink dust is actually obscuring your vision with the dark shadow in that vicinity and it blasts a piece of rock off the side of the wall. So fire, reload. 26 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. All right, good to know. This is piercing, right? All right. The blast hits, but it appears that the expected impact from the blast of Bad News-- a bit of smoke dissipates its impact and it seems to not be as damaging as you expected it to be. All right, that brings us to the next person who was holding their action. I believe Scanlan, you were? What do you want to do? Good. Okay. It does not make its saving throw; it rolled a four, so it takes 3d4 psychic damage. Go ahead and roll that. And it has disadvantage on its next attack roll. Five points of damage, boom. On its next attack roll. Its eyes go darker purple for a second, like it can't contemplate the fact that it just got insulted mid-battle, and then they flare up again, even more furious. As part of that, it's going to use its reaction. It turns towards you and in-- what languages do you speak? You hear a muttering through your ears. (mutters in foreign language) And for a second, you feel your field of vision close down like it's focused entirely on you. You're currently marked by its Mark of Vengeance. Yeah. So, essentially, there's an effect that's intent on you at the moment. Nope. All right, that ends your held actions. No. You're up. Yes. Second one hits. You go to strike the first time, and as you swing outward, you catch smoke and it dissipates around the blade and you stab into the side of the wall. Second attack (impact noise). Okay. This blade, however as you stab into this cloud of smoke, you feel there is more physical presence to where it was and it sinks in and you feel this reverberation as it reacts to the pain. This dull (hoarse growl) growl sound. Okay. You used it last turn. That was his reaction to you holding your action. That would have had to be during your turn. When you hold your action, you just get the action when it triggers. All right, so that ends Vax. Do you want to do anything else? Right there, yeah. All right, there you go. Good to know. And you were holding your action? And you were holding your action. So everyone make your attacks. Yes? You did all arrows. 17 misses, unfortunately. What's the 19 from? Right, so you rolled a one and a two? Yeah, it doesn't work that way. Okay, so one of them hit. All right, so you go ahead and roll damage on that. 24 points of damage. So one of them flies forward and misses-- Yeah. Nearly grazes the top of your head, just vanishing. You don't notice because you're currently (growls) right in his face. Second one manages to strike it and splinter inside of its torso, and you can see a flash of energy from the impact and it (squawking groan, growl) surveys the area around it. The smoke around it gets even more intense, and you can see it flaring up. Yeah, so the smoke gets even thicker and obscures it even further. And Grog? Okay. 28 hits. Second attack. 26 hits. Yes, so an extra 1d4 radiant damage on each strike. Okay. Burning, holy wrath. 22. All righty. (impact sounds) Both hammer blows strike it, battering the smoke around, and you can see as this hammer swings through its body, the smoke almost swallows the light and for a second, it's almost like this dull orb of darkness beneath the surface of a deep lake. And then as the hammer emerges from its body, the light flares up again. It's almost like it's swallowing the light as you strike it. But it seems to be taking the impacts pretty hard. All right, that ends your turn. Now, Orthax can take his turn. All right, so let's see. That's right, you were holding, too. Yeah, you can do it, too. Thank you for reminding me. All right, go for it. What level of Guiding Bolt are you doing? What level of Guiding Bolt are you casting? Okay, so that will be... (chuckles) Roll to attack first. You have advantage on the attack roll because it's currently inside Faerie Fire, so take the higher of the two rolls. Okay. So at 4th level, that would be 7d6 radiant damage. LAURA and Yeah. For the purpose of ease, I usually double. I'm just confirming one thing real fast. Yeah, so go ahead and do your math. 21. All right. Yep, so that would be times two. Just confirming. It has been a while since we've had any sort of spell-based crit. So that would be 42 points of radiant damage. LAURA, ASHLEY, and As you release this bolt of energy out of your hand, you see it charges up and fills up your hand, shaking, as you're waiting for the moment where it might be too much to control, and your holy symbol flares as it releases and streaks forward, right behind you. You were technically in melee with it, which would have given you disadvantage on the attack, but you had advantage on him because of that and... we'll say it's fine. It stays there because there were a lot of things giving advantage against him and then disadvantage. We'll stay with it. As you turn around, you release it. Point blank, it slams into the front and you can see where the smoke was swelling around it, it almost seems to be scattered away from the impact of this radiant bolt, and for a second, this image of this obscured, shadowy humanoid becomes very clear and you can see this extremely muscular humanoid torso with elongated, exaggerated arms and fingers. Seemingly featureless across its body other than its black, obsidian torso. No legs. They disappear into the smoke beneath it. Its head has the long, hooked, birdlike skull beak, and where the eyes are, it's just this smooth, almost leathery texture across the dark body itself. You can see what looks like faint horns that curve around the back, that curl upward. And as it takes the impact, its head rolls back and you can hear this billowing scream (moaning cry) As it leans back forward towards you, it looks like it's having a rough moment. Now we get to its turn. All right. Based on that, it zeroes down on the little ball of radiant energy staring before it that just blasted a hole in its form. It's going to take all three of its strikes at you, Pike. And has advantage because she's in Faerie Fire, so it cancels it to a natural attack. That is 21. What's your AC? 20, so that hits. 27. And a natural one. It was like 19... one. All right, so... That would be 14 points of psychic damage. Oh. No, I'm sorry, because of the roll there-- that's 14 plus an additional 12, so that's 16 for the first strike. Right, it was 12 on top of the original amount, which I said was 16? 14 and 12, yeah, so it was 26 psychic damage you took on the first strike and the second one was seven, too. 21. The third one. It has three attacks. Yeah. It would be 26 and 21, so yeah, 47 points of psychic damage as its arm reaches out towards you and strikes. Also, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. With advantage. You're doing your Hunter's Mark damage? So what was that? 20. Yeah, you feel as its claws move through your body, elements of its shadow essence reach up and try to grasp an element of your willpower. You shrug it off. The might of Sarenrae is too strong and it has no way of grasping your intent. Unfortunately, that used all of its movement. It cannot withdraw into the room. That will be the end of its turn. Let's see if that recharges. Oh, it does. Okay. That brings us to Grog. Yep, you're back up to your turn now. Go for it. Okay. Hits. Just barely. Okay. 18, okay. You hit the side of its body and you can see now, small cracks in its black form are starting to form and you can see a bit of that purplish energy leaking out. It's starting to actually visibly show a difficulty in keeping its corporeal form. As both blows slam into it, you can see it shaking, and there is a struggle to its movement. Do you want to stay where you are, or do you want to move? Okay. Keyleth. Essentially. About 12 feet, yeah. Okay. All right. Which, that is a concentration spell. Interesting! I would assume that was. This little spark ball of daylight opens up on the ceiling like a bright spotlight that fills the area. As it does, you can see the creature (howling groan) shrinks away from it, and its smoke actually dissipates, lowering its armor class again. All right. Are you going to stay where you are, or are you going to move? Okay. All right. With that... Okay. There's a momentary whisper in the shadow around you. And the sound of chains. I want everyone to make a perception check. 26. Okay. So all of you continue focusing. All right. Pike, you're up. What's your turn? Okay. Same deal? Go ahead and make your single attack roll right now because the previous thing is-- Okay. Yeah, so this time, it's ready for you and it dodges out of the way. The blast hits the stone wall behind it and cracks it slightly. Do you want to move or stay where you are? It will get an attack of opportunity on you. It's up to you. That would be the lowest. That's 2d4 plus two. Okay, you heal eight and did you want to move back or stay where you are? Okay, so you stay where you are. All right. Cassandra keeps running off this way and halts for a second. He sent her running away. Top is Vex. You're up. Yes. Pike and Grog and technically Trinket, as well, are all in melee. Okay. It's advantage against him, yes. 21 hits. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. These will be your last holy arrows because you've used six. Okay, yeah, that's right. Yeah, so these are just regular. Nice, all right. Nice. 42 points of damage this round. These arrows now find their way towards the cracks that are starting to appear in its chest and as each one strikes in, these arrows are actually visibly staying in its body. What was once this amorphous smoke, after the impacts from Grog and as it begins to wear itself down, it's starting to find it harder and harder to keep this ethereal form, so now these arrows are sticking out of these cracks of purplish, glowing energy and it's moving a little more sluggishly. Okay. Make a stealth check. Scanlan, you're up. Good to know. All right. You do. You just feel like there's an aspect-- you get the sense you probably don't want to be close to it. That's the Scanlan I know and love. Suddenly there's a stained-glass wall behind it. Okay. Okay. All right, what level are you using Healing Word at? Level one? Okay. 1d4 plus five. All right. Roll damage. 3d4 psychic damage. Eight. All right. You can see now, it turns to you for a second and the Mark of Vengeance fades as suddenly you feel like you've damaged it mentally enough to the point where it doesn't even want to deal with you anymore. You're far too mean. You're going to stay where you are? Okay, that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. You guys all glance over. The shackles that are on the ground are now collapsed and empty. With the gag safely removed from her mouth during this allowed her to cast Misty Step, which is a verbal-based spell. She is currently-- I'm calculating that right now. I'm going to have to ask you to roll a perception check here in a minute. She landed, cast Invisibility, and vanished, and you just hear the footsteps down the hall. You're not quite sure where she is or how far she's gotten, but you know she's down that way. Yeah. Cassandra doesn't notice. She's just been running because you told her to run. She did hear you shout and she looked over her shoulder, but not in time for her to see anything happen, because this all happened during the last round, during your realization. You guys look around and Delilah's gone. You're the only one who really saw the direction she's going, but it's your turn. What are you doing? Trying to catch up? Okay. Okay. All right, so that's Percy's turn. For the situation, make a perception check. No. You do not have advantage on this. 23. Okay. You see a couple of the recent footsteps, but you don't see them freshly being made, so you know she's not too far yet. Good to know. Vax, you're up. Okay, so you use your bonus dash, your movement to get there, so you move up 60. Honestly, once the creature's invisible and you don't know where it was, you don't even get a chance to check at this distance, so it's just attacking at disadvantage. All right. 14 is a miss. (whoosh) It returns to your belt. Finds no purchase. That was an 18? Seven plus 11 is indeed 18. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight? Okay. At this point, as you're running, you're rushing forward. To the left of your ear, you hear (impact noise) and you glance over your shoulder. And there, face down on the ground, is Delilah, sprawled out, face down in the dirt with a single dagger sticking out of the center of her back. And then it disappears. And blood begins to pour out from the wound. All right. You'd have to go and inspect. Now it is Orthax's turn. Orthax is going to move here, still remain in melee, and is going to use a secondary rampage pulse, since it recharges. Gives out another desperate scream (raspy roar) outwards in the vicinity. 20-foot radius. I need Keyleth, Vex, Trinket, Pike, and Grog to all make wisdom saving throws with advantage. 12? Oh, 25 total. 12. Okay, so Vex, Keyleth, and Pike, you guys all take five points of psychic damage as you cover your ears momentarily. Grog and Trinket both take ten points of psychic damage. Both turn immediately, flanking Pike, who has been the radiant blaster across this entity. I need you to make an attack and I need Trinket to make an attack against Pike. You guys both have advantage because she's in the Faerie Fire. 13. Okay. All right, so Pike. This blast comes out ringing in your ears and as your vision comes back to you and you look up, all you see is Grog lifting this giant hammer with his eyes clouded in the same black smoke material. You bring up your shield and as the hammer comes down, striking at you, you know there's a bruise going to be on your forearm tomorrow because the sheer force of it hits you, but at the same time, you know it's not the friend you grew up with. And you look up into his face as the cloud fades and you can see an expression of immediate regret on his face. Before you can respond, though, the bear behind you. Trinket snarls (roar) and latches on. Go ahead and roll damage. I'm going to have to probably go bite on this. So roll the dice and then that times two. So you take 11 points of piercing damage as all of a sudden, Trinket sinks his jaws into the back of your shoulder. Oh. Oh, that wasn't with the multiplier. What did you roll on the dice? On the dice? So 22, plus whatever the modifier is. Okay, so 16 plus whatever the modifier is. There we go. Thank you so much for clarification. 15 points of piercing damage. And Trinket clenches down. You feel the armor plates jamming together and it wrenches your shoulder out of the socket. Not enough to actually do too much serious damage. And immediately Trinket pulls away and you hear this whine behind you, this (sad moaning). His nose rubs against your head. Okay. Orthax is at a point where-- no. Orthax is going to turn and begin to chase after Percy now. Yes, I know. Grog and Pike and Trinket all get attacks of opportunity. With advantage, yeah. Okay, and Pike? 16 does not hit, unfortunately. So Pike, you swing, but, still in pain from Trinket's attack and Grog coming at you, you swing wide and it passes through the space behind it. Grog, remember to roll with an additional d12, too, because of your brutal critical. 13 for Trinket. Awesome. 31 total. How do you and Trinket want to do this? (cheering) Okay. As you slam it on the ground, (boof) the smoke billows out around it and dissipates for a moment where, as opposed to its obscured form, you now have a very clear view of its physical body. Just a little bit of smoke trailing about where its lower torso and legs would be. As its arms reach out (slashing noise, grunt) and it looks up, its head shaking as the purple cracks are rising up its body, it looks up straight into the face of Trinket, who snarls. (growl, chomp) And just lunges out, clamping onto its face and tearing upward, its head arcing in the air. As it does, the body (whoosh) dissipates into smoke and sinks into the ground into this black shadow in the dirt that (whoosh) races up the hallway in the direction of Percy. Percy, as you're stopping and looking over, you look down just in time for the shadow to (whoosh) reach your legs, and you feel this cold rise up your body and then slowly dissipate into this little nugget of cold in the center of your chest, and then vanish. Cassandra, who has now stopped, looks at you. She clutches the rapier in her hand, and you can see her hand shaking, the tension of the muscles in her fingers clenching it as hard as she possibly can, as she walks up with each slow, quiet step echoing across the stone. (footsteps) Delilah up against the wall, blood spilling out of the corner of her mouth, (coughs) coughing, conscious, with her one missing arm to the side. Blood's beginning to ooze now from the wound as the sheer force of all the movement has torn the wounds fresh open. And she's there and she looks over out of the corner of her eye and turns, seeing the rest of you, and sees Cassandra. As Cassandra steps up, she holds the rapier at her side, staring down. This time, a single tear cresting down the side of her cheek. Delilah looks up and goes, "You could have been my daughter." She looks down at Delilah and says, "No. Cassandra is a de Rolo, and you took them away from me. And "now we're taking everything away from you." And thrusts the rapier forward, right into the chest. As it hits her, it actually pulls her up about a foot against the wall. The sheer force of the wound. (gasps, sighs) Last breath escaping from Delilah's mouth. Her arm falls limp to the side. The moment of tension passes and Cassandra's still holding her there, her head down, her hair in front of her face, just shaking, keeping her pinned against the wall. The rapier withdraws and the body tumbles to the ground. She looks back at you, face just a mess. "Thank you." "We do." And she hands the rapier back to you, and she grabs the scruff of Delilah's collar and begins dragging her up the hallway towards the castle. She drops the body and gives you a look. "Hurry. If there's one thing I've learned here in "Whitestone, it's that things do not stay dead long." (laughs) Okay. Inspecting the body, you find a very fine pair of metallic bracers. Her robe, though soaked with blood, is very, very well-made. Okay, so you roll up the robe. Her cloak is-- Okay, you take all the fabric. The robe and the cloak. So mark those down. The cloak itself looked like cloth at a distance. Close up, you can see it's actually a very fine dark black/purple fur, and down at the side of it, you see dangling these two long tentacles that end in these little cupping spiked elements. It looks like it was carved from a creature at one point. The cloak. Go for it. Yeah, you've actually fought these creatures before. This is a displacer beast. It's a Cloak of Displacement. Yeah, she's mostly nude, other than her undergarments. The only thing she has left is a ring on her finger.