Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Yep! So, welcome. We had a brief break last week as Liam brought us through his delightfully dark and twisted mind. Thank you again, Liam, for running that. It was awesome. So, anyway, glad you could join us. Before we jump into tonight's game, we have some quick announcements to make. First and foremost, you want to talk about some new merch stuff that just got in there? What the hell you've got right there? Awesome. Let's see. There's a new Signal Boost coming out this week with kind of a cool person who hosted that. Who's that? Look forward to that. And also, a reminder that MomoCon's coming up, end of next month, where Taliesin, Marisha and I will be guests and, as of recently, our good friend Brian Wayne Foster will also be joining us for a Talks Machina live panel at the event, which will be fun. Yeah. So we'll be there, it'll be fun. It's May 25th to the 28th, in Atlanta, Georgia. Look forward to seeing you guys there. What's great is when you're not stretching it, it looks like that dumb FaceApp thing now where you can see your older version of yourself. I've seen some girl photos that turned out pretty good. Maybe it's just you guys. It might just be the three of you, I'm sorry. Although who did Ashley end up looking like? Yeah, that worked out pretty well. I don't agree with that. I've seen Nip Tuck. A supportive significant other. Wednesday Club, Taliesin! Do you want to talk about Wednesday Club? There you go, that'll be fun. Fantastic. And of course we have Talks Machina next Tuesday, live here on Twitch and Alpha at 7PM Pacific with our wonderful host, Brian Wayne Foster. Oh wait, there won't be one this week! Never mind, 'cause they're going to be on vacation. Let's be nice and vague. Going to a place that's pretty. Which, as a note, as far as Brian was saying, you guys really haven't had a vacation together, ever. So, super excited that you guys have the chance to do that. Well, that'll be fun. Yeah! Ho boy. Yeah, it's fine. Prepare for a lot of port drinking. Awesome, so tomorrow? All right, for those of you guys who missed it, you'll be able to see it tomorrow. No, that's fine, bring tissues. That it can. But no, thank you all. Thank you all who came on Tuesday to chat and talk and create some fun future characters for this storyline in the future, it'll be fun. Anyway, do we have anything else anyone wants to mention, or shall we continue? We did the shirts. That is so nightmarish, Sam. What I'm looking forward to is the eventuality that you have enough of these shirts that your closet has a section that's just my face. Yeah, it's just this face is printed, and just having your wife eventually come up to me and having you go-- All righty, then, without further ado, let's jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] No, that's not true. (laughs) That's not how this works. (laughter) So, as the last episode wound down and friendships were strengthened, you all then began to ponder about what you wanted to do with the time before you. And today we return approximately one year after we left off. So, we met earlier this week to discuss this. We went through a various number of things you wanted to accomplish, both as individuals and some of you in groups. So we're going to go ahead and go over those elements for you guys and get everyone up to speed with what exactly has transpired in this year period of time. So, who would like to begin? Share elements of it, and then some elements will be roleplayed, because that's what I want to do. Yeah. So. All right, so, Grog, what are some of the things you did? No, you did not. Yeah. So you now have Kevdak's bear-totem tattoo that was on his chest, now on your back. Out of sheer disrespect for him. I love it. Yeah, yeah. Okay. That's delicious. Yeah. Met multiple times. Including once against a familiar individual called Kern the Hammer. Yeah. And did not prevail. However, he did come back to you, requesting to learn and train under you, to teach him your ways. To which you said-- You said no. That's what you told me, at least. So, so, as you are wandering down an evening byway in the Quadroads of Vasselheim, a number of cups in yourself, you hiccup loudly and glance off to the side to find one gentleman who's been far deeper in his cups and is currently trying to steady himself against the stone wall in an alleyway. "What?" "Oh, if you're buying, yeah." "You think if I did I'd be drinking this hard?" "I have no idea." Yeah. You're near a thoroughfare and there's a small alley off to the side. Make a persuasion check. With advantage, because he's really drunk. This is terrible. (laughs) You watch as in the center of his pupils a little sparkle of interest kicks in. And, I mean, five percent soberer at the prospect of something fun of this stranger that gave him a drink and goes "Wait, what are you talking about?" (belches) He takes a second and looks around. Looks at the Deck. "Is this some sort of a magic trick?" "All right. Do you want me to tell you what it is?" Okay. Let me get my cards out. Yeah, maybe. No. No. No. Huh. I'm going to let somebody else pull this. Who wants to pull it? Okay. (laughs) Hold on. I have to roll a die first. (laughs) He takes the card and looks at it. Turns around and shows you, and it's this tarot card of a beautiful moonscape, with an open night sky. I believe that's what it is. Yeah, that's what it is. He puts it back in the Deck, and is like "All "right, what's the trick? I'm-- I'm feeling a little-- a little strange." And he's like trying to contemplate it. He goes "Wait a second. "I wish that I was a powerful lord of the Quadroads." And there's a strange, tingling visual image as the cloth around him that was tattered and worn-out becomes beautiful silks-- The drunkenness fades from him ever-so-slightly, and now he looks washed. And you glance over at the far end of the alleyway, and there's a guy there who's dressed in long, long tails and a coat and goes "Sir, how long are you going to be?" He goes "Right with you. I don't even know what his name is. Well, thank you so much, stranger." And he pats you on the shoulder. "Grog." "Grog Strongthings." "Great." "I still got one more of these." And he walks off and runs off to the carriage. 1d3 wishes. The queen of diamonds was the card. You didn't get his name. He just runs off. Well, let me see here. Let me see. Let me see. Once the card is drawn, it fades from existence. Yeah. But you know what? That one's gone, now. Just double-checking to make sure the card goes away, and it does, according to how it's written. Okay. I was like, "Oh god, is he going to draw another card?" Okay then! You, in your time away, radically changed some poor man's life! And, apparently, Wished himself to some level of nobility within the Quadroads of Vasselheim, with one Wish still standing! Well, there are many lords and ladies of the Quadroads, he's just now one of them. I was thinking to myself it was either going to be that or some grim reaper's going to show up and cut his head off. So if this happened early in your year, do you still resist the urge as the year progresses? How long does it take until the urge creeps up again? Which actually plays into her opening. The other thing you did, which happens towards the end of the year, is you said you went to the Frostweald. Mm-hm. She thanked you. Lycanthropy is scattered throughout the planes. Now you do. She passed that information on to you. All right. So. That's the truncated example of Grog's year. We might come back to it here in a minute. Next up would be Pike, because that's a good transition point there. So, what'd you do? Check in on your temple that you built there. Yeah! And as everyone was pitting both of you against each other for another championship bout, you both decided to-- You can slowly read four- to five-letter words. He knows how to write his name now. And he can write a full sentence over a short rest. We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. (laughter) Wilhand. Yeah, he's doing good. The home that was damaged in the Umbrasyl attack on Westruun, your room has been repaired. Though it's taken a little while, because it's mainly just him hiring who he can at the time. But he's doing well. He's "an old gnome, but still kicking "around! Still doing his best, still doing his prayers to Sarenrae, "glad to see you coming, saying hi." If you ask him about that, ask him where Fassbender is, he's like, "Oh, this nice older "fella came by and said it was his property? So I gave it back to him. He seemed very--" "-- very intent on receiving his property, and I wasn't about to argue." Yeah, some of the Trickfoots. Bear Claws? Is that it? Did you guys make Bear Claws? Whitestone needs more commerce. And there are plenty of vacant buildings that are starting to fill up as people move back in. You did, yeah. Yeah. It led you all the way to Emon, I think it was, then it went cold. Yeah. We'll get to that. Yeah, we'll get to that. All right, who wants to go next? Yes, you discovered that there was an offspring. There was a singular offspring in the Parchwood, not too far from where you saw it emerge in your vision. And upon finally finding it, it was young and defensive and feral and, after-- Very angry. And day after day you returned with various foods and meat and trying to connect with it, and did not succeed. Yeah. It fled southward into the Parchwood, and while you now have sent your Grey Hunt that is now working below you to keep an eye out for it, it has not been seen since. Yeah. Mm-hm. Yeah. You're having a Teleportation Circle placed within your estate in Whitestone, and at the end of the year it's still two weeks out from creation. So it's going to take a little while longer, but it is in the process. Yeah. Yeah. You did also research some-- All right. And Vax? Which is why I led it along this way, so, yeah. Just right there. Right next to the barbed wire. Part of your process there, once you had been fully accepted into the Order there, some of the few responsibilities you had were, you were called whenever relatively important figures in the city had passed away, to go and give rites when they were interred and be present during a number of funerals in there. That was one of the earlier responsibilities that was given to you within Vasselheim while you were there. Yes. Yeah, you've arranged a respect. There is no familial bond, per se, with him, but a lot of the tension has died away and there is a business, positive interaction. No, and he acknowledges that, and he seems both simultaneously proud and sad, almost a mild regret that, perhaps, I think he realizes now what he missed out on. Kind of. Exactly. All righty, and I think I'm to Marisha as Keyleth. Keyleth, what you got going on? Yeah. They are heavily under guard. It's not like you have to make the armor, you commission the armor. You enchanted it for five months. Yeah. Coattails of The Tempest. Maybe not that one! And thus, another meme was built. (laughter) I'm sorry, Tary came along too. So the five of you guys took a journey into the Feywild in search of the Theatre. You weren't there. (laughs) So after searching for a few days, up northward in the forest where you recall seeing portions of the tree-- canopy line shifting and seemingly vanishing and then reappearing, you eventually stumbled upon a large, wooden structure-- circular and tall, almost like a giant crown of wood, it sat there-- and noticed that the mists that hugged the base of this marsh, as it's slowly recovering since Sondur fell. Still thick marshland, but not quite as disgusting and corrupt as it once was. The mists that clouded this area were all gathering towards this wooden structure, and you begin to see shapes in the mist. Heads. Faces. Bodies. And you begin to realize that these were all spirits of the marsh being summoned to this structure. You all went, disguised as various small flying insects-- or beast creatures-- and managed to stealth into the entrance doors, into this mossy marsh-rotted wood structure, and on the inside saw the mist form an audience, within the inside of this Globe Theatre-like structure, upon which the central platform remained. A strange, crystalline spark began to form upon that stage, where a doorway opened and then, stepping from it, a half-dozen elvish-looking figures, though their skin is pale white-gray, their eyes white and iris-less, their limbs lithe and thinner and longer than elves you're used to seeing in your experience. And, while none of you could understand-- or most of you could understand the language except for Keyleth and Taryon, I think it was? Yeah, you guys were the only ones who could understand it because you both knew Sylvan. What you saw was a brilliant three-act performance for the undead spirits of the surrounding marsh. Unaware of the serious danger if any of you had been discovered. (laughs) No. You don't know. Go back. Go back. However, you watched the performance entirely, did not gather their attention. At which, the entity stepped back into a doorway, and it closed off and you absconded from the Theatre before the rest of the audience could shift its way out and become the mists of the Forests once again. You don't know. You only know what they told you. Yeah. So as you guys returned from this and described your experience to Percy, the only person who really had spent a large portion of his youth researching the Feywild, and having an interest in these Fey creatures and their societies-- All right. So. Your adventure to finally find the Theatre, complete. I believe that concludes your immediate ventures. Percival. Of course you did. Yeah, you guys converted into the Chamber of Whitestone. Which is less of a singular family ruling and more of a small series of offices held by Lords or Ladies. You tried. You rolled a one. And then you rolled a two. Riflemen of Whitestone. "I'm sorry, Percy, but no." It's a heavy endeavor, it's going to take a while to complete. It's begun work. Yeah. That's pretty much everything you've got here. All right. All right. And Taryon. You're such a terrible person. "Tary." "Tary." "Tary." "Tary?" The door itself is also a crest. Once, and then takes a short rest to reload. Yep. You don't know how to make armor, so you had the armor commissioned, using the remains of Vorugal's hide. No, sorry, you have Vorugal-- the remains of Umbrasyl's hide. Yes. All right, is that the end of that? Yes. Awesome. All right. So as the months go by and you all have your individual adventures, as you converse and talk amongst yourselves, the date of Winter's Crest begins to creep up. Now, Winter's Crest is a day that's really only celebrated in Tal'Dorei proper-- occasionally by people in other places who migrated away from Tal'Dorei, but the event that it's based around, Eravon the Ice Lord, was specific to Tal'Dorei. It's not celebrated everywhere in the world. However, it is coming up, and you all decided to celebrate your Winter's Crest festival this year, not in Tal'Dorei. You all instead made your way towards the Bay of Gifts, in Marquet. Now, how are you guys getting there? Are you taking a leisurely boat trip? Are you going via trees? Oh, that's right, before you even left there, you-- Keyleth helped you with this one specifically. Senokir, yeah. "Very happy to help you." "And I greatly appreciated you being so honorable." "Thank you." "What do you need from me?" "Understood. Right away." (laughter) "Goodbye." You receive word via imp, strangely enough. Which sets you off for a moment, there. But you are notified of their completion, and they're delivered, finished, by this imp. There you go. Right in the center of the mantle. Right there. "Tary." (laughter) And that's it. Not always. Oh! All right, and as you guys-- the ball is complete, you've all gathered. Your hangovers have faded. You all begin your trek toward the Bay of Gifts. That's up to you guys. (sing) Takes me away, to where I've always--- Bah-derr. I don't know what those are. All right, so you make your way to Emon, then you charter a ship across the Ozmit Sea and make your way to the continent of Marquet. On the northeast base of the Aggrad Mountains of Marquet, which consume a sizable portion of the continent's north shore, there before you stands, as it comes across the horizon, a brilliant crescent-shaped bay of white sands, glittering clear turquoise-colored waters, and the grandiose port city of Shamal. Hundreds of ships fill the bay, from small fishing vessels to massive cargo ships, bringing an ever-flowing mixture of cultures, goods, and characters from across Exandria to its sunny location. Now, while back home Winter's Crest brings seasonal rain and snow, here in the Bay of Gifts the sky is clear, the water is warm, and the sun is ever-shining throughout the day. The streets of the city are draped in white and gold silks, affixed and framing crossways and street corners between torch posts and buildings. The distant sound of waves and seagulls cawing seems to envelop the city at all hours, occasionally stemmed by the sounds of localized musicians. So as you arrived here about midday or so, you take in the nice salty air into your lungs. You have your belongings, your sacks at your side, the city is bustling. What do you want to do with your vacation? (laughs) All right. So who's helming this journey here? This search for-- All right, make an investigation check. All right. If you're helping her, that's advantage for her on it, then. 17. Okay. Roughly 20 or so gold later, you find the party affixed with the finest of Marquesian sandals. (laughs) (laughter) Right next to a brilliant bright white sandstone structure that appears to be the actual resort, if you will. It's a wide tavern, single-story. But well-staffed, and not terribly busy. But it seems to be very nice, and akin to some of the best places you've been to in your previous excursions on vacation. So as you arrive there, you are met with a male, dark-skinned, somewhat balding Marquesian halfling at the front desk who smiles as you approach. He puts out his hands. "Welcome, "friends! You are here for a-- I imagine to stay within The Closet?" LAURA AND "Ah, I am Guath, and this is for all of you? I will have to charge "for your friend, I am sorry." "You're lucky I'm not charging twice! He's a very big guy. That goes for that one as well." "Then he won't order food! But he's going to sleep somewhere, yes?" LAURA, TALIESIN and "Well then, is he okay with staying out on the beach?" "Tary?" "Okay, very well. So that would be ba-da-da-- seven and a half? Seven, we'll go with "seven. How long do you plan to stay?" "Ten days?" "Let me see here." And he brings up this small abacus and starts doing math really quickly on the side you see. "Nine days, you said?" "Ten days, all right. We'll put that at an even-- with discount for friendships, 1500 gold "for the entire stay." (laughs) "Oh, no. I'm sorry." "Well, we have a restaurant within as well, and there are plenty of places to eat around the "way. We are happy to bring it to your quarters, but there is a surcharge for it, of course." "Uh. We do not run discounts here, unfortunately. We are a very premier establishment "here in the Bay of Gifts." "So do you wish to stay or not?" "All right! Fantastic!" So you pay off the 1500. Mark that off on the party gold. You are given some keys-- (laughs) Make a persuasion check. (laughter) This is training for your vacation next week. What is your persuasion? As you're telling him this he goes, "Well, I--" That's right, because you trained in persuasion as part of the skills feat. That's right. So your charisma is-- Sorry, just making sure on the math on this one. Don't want to get lost. What's your charisma? 14. Plus two. Plus-- So it would be plus eight, unless you had something else to add under persuasion. Regardless, you rolled really high. We'll go over the math later. "I don't recognize you, but we've had many travelers and you seem--" He looks over the group a bit, especially the large one. "Free drinks. Why not? I'd be happy to give you this." He reaches behind the counter and brings out a couple of these small wooden coins. He passes them out "All right, that is five, six-- He doesn't drink, you said. So that is just "seven. There you go." "So seven for all of you! Enjoy your stay! If you have any questions, requirements, issues, "or anything, anything at all, you let me know. We can provide. Okay!" He gives you your keys, leads you to you guys'-- The rooms are clustered in fours, like a little square. They are all adjacent next to each other in groups of four, so there is two sections you guys are given, in square formation with small pathways, but all the walkways, all the alleys between these all just lead right out onto the beach. There are no solid walls on any of the hallways here, it's just the rooms that are closed off. Everything just goes-- you just step off into the sand. All right, so. Anything you guys wish to accomplish specifically while you're here? (laughs) That's great! (laughter) I think I know what it is. All right, so as you guys shed your armor, shed your weapons, put on your beach-faring clothing, you all one-after-one begin to charge your way down to the white beach sands of the Bay of Gifts just outside of the city itself. (laughs) No, but you're welcome to start one. Do you wait until she gets to the water before you do that? You arc a good 15 feet before you go face-down in the sand. All right. All right. So. (laughter) Through the elements of-- which by the way, we're all discovering here now, all the various relaxation elements of magic in D&D. (laughter) (laughs) You guys manage to explore the majority of-- over this journey, and multiple trips-- explore a lot of the underwater portion of the Bay of Gifts, which includes a number of wrecked ships, that have just been storms, this is a very, very prominent bay. You do run into other individuals that are actually either scavengers or pearl-divers or people that deal with gathering kelp and various other forms of plant life off the ground for food or other purposes. It's a very thriving ecosystem here. The people that live within this bay utilize everything in the vicinity. You see that work here, it's quite fascinating, and you see all walks of life. You all are pale as fuck by comparison to the locals here, who live in the sun most of their life. But everyone there is friendly. You're little white-ass beacons underwater. There are no mermaids in this bay that you find. Sorry. All right. Each of you who wants to go pearl-diving, make an investigation check. You have no luck under the water, but you do find a couple of shark teeth-- at least they look like shark teeth-- along the sands of the beach that have washed up on the shore. You don't, what did you roll again? 21, okay. You do manage to find one pearl, it's small but it's pretty. You manage to find a pretty decent pearl. You're not entirely certain-- make an intelligence check. You've burned it on lesser. 13, okay. You gather the pearl you gathered is worth 150 gold. There you go. You and Percival both find similar pearls. Imperfect, maybe worth ten to 15 gold. And you rolled a five? You found a sea cucumber. Not that type. It doesn't seem to have any sort of defense mechanism. It sits there sadly in her grasp. It's not like a pulsing tumor, or anything. It's a dark spot that looks like a bruise that never quite went away. What you don't notice is another traveling couple that's lying on the beach about 15 to 20 feet away are now completely buried in sand with their drinks. You step in. Doty watches you get inside, not really having an opinion on this. All of you guys are beach-dressed except for Tary! Sand's gotten all in the metal joints and the inside of the armor. "Taryon." Puts you down. Tary. It should have been Tary. Good catch. He pulls off the breastplate, starts taking off the armor pieces. You are now currently down to your skivvies. Are you trained in sand castle building? Yeah, and some of those tools may come in handy. You know what I'm going to do on this? Yeah, we're making rolls for sand castles. For this, we'll have a skill test for you, because you are a brute strength individual. This is going to be a dexterity check. And you're following his plan. All right, from the Dwendalian Empire. Truscan area. I misspoke in an earlier episode. The Dwendalian Empire of King Bertrand Dwendal. Exactly, yeah. So, make your dexterity check. Taryon, go ahead and make your history check. Great. You get the structure built. You map out the right scale structure of this castle, and you get about three-quarters of the way through before Grog (shifting sand). "Tary." (impact sounds) He walks over about ten feet. All right, now make an intelligence check to lay out the design. Just straight intelligence. That's still good. It's not a very hard DC. You're structuring a sandcastle. (laughter) This one's bigger. This one's coming along great. You're glad the first one fell over because now this is going to be much better. (sliding sand) Make a perception check. You see the opportunity. Make a sleight-of-hand check. A gentle pass by, choosing the right moment in which Grog is involved in rage-burying and Taryon has completely given up on his activities, you manage to scoot through the sand, and moving your hand behind you to hide the trail, you drag his armor off back towards the resort. All righty. As you've been buried now, sufficiently-- Up to the neck. You feel the sunburn is starting to kick in a bit. "Tary." "Tary." "Tary." (impact noise) Make a survival check, because you're now tracking. Ten. You spend the next hour asking from person to person on these white sands. A lot of people do. This bay, in particular, because this bay is a bastion of trade. Exactly, yeah. It's a Swiss drop area. It's great. But while everyone here, for the most part, speaks Marquesian, a majority speaks some level of Common. There were probably a couple, but they probably understood him, they just didn't respond. Eventually, you find your way to the resort. You're tired and you're sunburned and you're exhausted. You walk out and see him in this state. Which is what I'm about to get to. Make a deception check. Deception. 20. Okay, it takes a little bit of convincing, but eventually he sends one of the employees to go along with you. They let you into the room. Okay, so as you guys come in at the close of the day-- you've been here for a few days as part of your excursion here-- you all come in as you've had enough time in the sun and you probably need to get out for a little bit. All right. Are you in your room, currently? No answer. It's locked. Opens up. Quick glance inside, and there's sand scattered all across the ground, and in the far end, right next to the bed, haphazardly jammed underneath, you see your armor and belongings. (laughter) Of yours? Of Percival's. That would be-- because you didn't bring everything. Yeah, so pretty much all of Percival and Vex's belongings are within the room. "Tary." Yeah. All right, as you pull the patch and throw it in the room, it glows a bright orange and then flashes and burns into two small coal-like embers that when they slam into the ground, crack and open, and from those two embers you see two full-grown mastiffs. (barking and snorting) They both start eating. They go nuts on the place. One of them goes, (sniffs) and just pisses on one of the sacks. You're not quite sure which one it is. Do you leave them in the room? You leave and close the door behind you? Okay. All right, so you guys meet up again. You get more drinks, you begin to wander the city. Is there anything else you want to do while you're out and about for the afternoon? All righty. All right. You guys ask around about a half an hour or so, and you're led to one location that is windowless and has an open archway door with some fine purple and red silks blocking the entry. As you walk inside, there's one woman who's sitting there, in the process of eating a small bowl of fruit. You see she is a dark-skinned Marquesian, but elf lineage. She has elven features. Her hair, which is this dirty brown, is braided in rows that go down past her waist and have a series of multi-colored, looks almost like gems and rings and other cool pieces of jewelry that are woven into it. As she's looking at this small book in her lap and eating the fruit, she turns around. "Oh, I'm sorry. Hello." "Oh, the beard. I can do that." "Yes, of course." Closes her book and sets it down. "Come, sit." She calls out in Marquesian for a moment, and a younger woman, probably about 15 or so, comes out. Human, dark-skinned, as well. Both begin to start working on your hair and your beard. Asking about where you're from. It becomes a conversational piece because you're there for a good hour and a half or so to go through all of your hair and get it done, but nevertheless, you now have a fantastic series of braids in your hair. "All of it?" "If you want more than what I have in mine--" "Oh, you wish to color?" "No, it's okay." She talks to her assistant, and the young girl runs off for a second with a smile. Comes back, and there is what looks to be some sort of a fruit. Looks like a blue pomegranate that's partially crushed. She takes it and with a mortar and pestle setup begins mashing it and goes, "We can do blue." The whole endeavor between the two of you guys is not inexpensive-- few things are in the Bay of Gifts. It's designed specifically to survive and thrive on the trade here. Both of you guys, it costs about 120 gold. "Oh, for the two? For any sort of masculine hair endeavors, which is not our specialty-- Well, "the beads themselves are made from finely blown glass and they're individually colored, and those "are made specifically by an artisan who is about three blocks up that way, so those are brought "here, and those are purchased on our end, as well. You are paying straight cost of the beads. Time "and training, of course, on our end, and we do the finest work you'll find all across Marquet." "The 20 is mainly for him. The 100 was to give you the dye coloring--" It's still a lot. But since you've gotten here, you get the sense that it's-- by nature, everything here costs a little more. A lot of it's imported and a lot of it is designed for people that are willing to pay for foreign goods. Very well. So how much blue did you want to get in your hair? How much blue did you want to get in your hair? Okay. All right. All right. Okay. So upon completion-- It's very cool. It's pretty close to what you were hoping and expecting. You end up with three streaks one central one that goes from the center, and then two that go from the sides and back that way. And then all the tips go to blue, so it's almost like you have these two blocks of white and then eventually it all goes blue towards the edge. ASHLEY and So yeah. Anything else you want to accomplish, or call it an evening? You guys all find your way back with some drinks. The sun has set now, the cold night has come in through the bay, but it's still warm. It's cold by the bay standards, but you guys come from the northern ends, in Tal'Dorei proper it's still a pretty warm night. You hear the waves crashing as you enter the establishment. You all head back to your rooms to get in more evening attire. Percival and Vex-- how long do the hounds last for? I am so excited. I am so excited. Okay. So, as soon as you approach, you guys hear, through the door on the other side, this low growl. This (growls). Okay. You come inside to notice the entire interior of the room has been sundered. Pillows and cloth torn and pulled everywhere. The room smells immediately of heaping piles of dog shit and urine. The bed is scattered and torn open. The curtains have been pulled down, and there, in the center of the room, are two massive mastiffs, mating. (laughter) Okay. (laughs) Okay. Your door is open, Grog. You're just there sitting down for a second just grabbing your jug. Getting a quick nip before your next nip. And Vex just storms in, heaving mad. Percival, as you catch up-- She comes around the corner just dragging Grog by the beard behind her. The dogs have stopped mating at this point and one of them comes over and goes (sniffs, chomp) and just bites into your neck. It does nothing, it just rests there. Your stuff isn't-- Yeah. You didn't just leave your stuff on the floor, there. You had things put away inside the cabinets and stuff. And the things that were in the cabinets were fine. So most of your general clothing is all right. It's more like your sacks, anything that was just loose. Your boots. All just smell of dog piss. They do have a lick. Big old mastiff tongues. Okay. As you rush off to the front counter, you can see Guath, the Marquesian, is still there. He's in the process of going through the books, making sure he's keeping everything tidy and he sees you approach. "Ah, hello! Is there anything of--" "Hello." "Uh. Yes. Yes, there was--" "The other who looks like you. He came by and said that he was supposed to put the-- "We had to send--" (laughter) "He said he had to put things in the room for you. I am so sorry. I am so sorry. If this is "a problem, we can call the-- You wish us to call the guards over here?" Yeah. Make an insight check. That's the second Luck, yeah. You can see he's covering up. You don't quite know the full specifics, but you know he's covering. At this point, she's pulled you out into the hallway. You now see, the bear you've grown up with and loved, for the first time, you realize how massive and scary this bear could be as it (growls, heavy steps). Trinket charges you. So what are you doing? Trinket's coming at you. All right. Okay. So hold on. She does have your hair. Technically, it's a grapple. It's athletics and acrobatics versus her-- I'll double-check real fast. I should remember this, but for this one particularly I want to make sure that I get specifics right here. Yeah, man. This is the craziest shit. (laughs) I didn't expect it to go this way. Not all this! This went in a whole different direction. Okay, yeah. It's athletics or acrobatics versus her athletics. Go ahead and roll your acrobatics. Roll your athletics. You slip out from her grasp right as Trinket comes upon you. What's your speed? You don't have your boots on, you just put your pants on! You mimicked putting your pants on. Okay. Trinket's movement is? Trinket is gaining on you. (laughter) There are small baskets. Yeah, so you knock some baskets behind you and you keep running. You just emerge from the edge of the hallway. You can see the beach ahead of you. You can see the little bit of moonlight hitting the sand in front. Hallways and doors. I'd say you moved one direction. Trinket went and chased him down the other side, so this is going away from you guys. Just as you emerge to part of the sand and you think you're home free, you stop hearing Trinket's footfalls. (whack) Leapt and just impacts you on the sand and both of you tumble, end-over-end, through the sand. Eventually, you land flat on your back and Trinket pounces on top of you, your breath (groans) as your chest gets closed in. And right up in your face, pinning you down, going (growls). (growls) (laughter) Trinket's head slowly turns over back towards you with a, "What?" As you walk away, Trinket's head moves back to you, and if you could see a bear smile? Trinket goes, (grunts). And you feel your lower regions get warmer. (groaning and laughter) All right, while you're pinned there, you march off. You guys just now catch up to the chaos. Keyleth's currently getting the mastiffs out of the room. Yeah. Animal handling. No. So you say, "Come here, boys." They both look at you. They rush up, grab the jerky out of your hands, and dart out of the room. You hear them, (barks) vanishing. Taryon? (sings) "Tary. Tary. Tary." It's all the same. It's all horribly mechanical-sounding and echo-y. It's not singing more than it's repeating your name over and over again in the same intonation. It's horrifying. That is Prestidigitation. You know what? Yes, I'll let you do that. I will let you Control Urine. After completing your Aramente, after years of training in the druidic arts and becoming the leader of your people, you are reduced to lifting the urine from a ruined hotel room. Okay. The room's still destroyed. For the sake of brevity, here-- Who's talking to the manager about this? All right. So at this point, while all this has happened, Guath, the gentleman at the front, sees the bear and is like, "What is going--" (yelps) The dogs go (barks) and jump past him. The slightly chubby halfling comes forward. "What the fuck is going on?" "No, you tell me. This is my place! Whose dogs were those?" Make a deception check. You know whose they are. You've been hearing it over the earring this whole time. That's true. Persuasion. He goes, (sighs). "Let me see." He pulls past and makes his way towards the room, and looks inside, and you can see him go, (distressed noise). "No! I've never seen those dogs here before. The breed? They don't exist!" (laughter) (exclaims in a foreign language) It's still torn and messed up, but it's not covered in urine. It still smells terrible in there. "I'm so sorry." "We'll get you a new room immediately. Hey!" Two servants come out immediately. He starts shouting out to them in Marquesian. They walk off and eventually people start coming in and pulling your stuff out of the room and taking it to another chamber. It's down two halls over, so you guys are separated from everybody else. "Oh, it is okay. We will launch an investigation immediately." So. (laughs) Vex, anything else you want to do? You hear through the doorway this really creepy, "Tary. Tary." Yeah. He just walks past you. (laughter) Your things are being brought out in pieces, but the two employees see Doty enter and set them down and Doty starts picking things up and dusts them off. Starts picking up the piles of dog feces. He's throwing the dung out onto the beach. Starts heading back. Okay. Over the course of the evening, the room gets cleaned as best as it can. You guys, from that point being the most contentious, but you manage to enjoy the rest of your stay here in the Bay of Gifts. You enjoy a nice, well-earned vacation, some of you plotting the next stage in your vengeance, whenever that may occur. Boarding your ship back, making your way to your home in Tal'Dorei, across back to Whitestone proper to finish the remainder of your year's journey. We're going to take a break. Before I go, real fast, letting you guys know, we have another giveaway tonight. This is a nice purple heart Wyrmwood mini holder, which is pretty rad. Yeah. There you go. Yeah, so this is going to go to one of you lucky winners in the chat. The code word for tonight is Momocon. M-O-M-O-C-O-N. So go ahead and we'll do that over the break. Enjoy Liam's episode of Signal Boost. I wasn't expecting that to become our beach episode, but it did! (laughs) All right, guys, we'll see you here in a little bit. [break] First and foremost, our winner in the chat room goes by the name of Makelovelikewar, congratulations! Congratulations. You won the box. We've all signed it, and it'll be coming to you in the near future. Make sure to contact the folks who run the chat here, and they'll get your information, and well done. All righty, so. Bringing us back in. You guys have been travelling across the Silvercut Roadway, through the dividing plains of Tal'Dorei, onwards to the Alabaster Sierras, and eventually to the homestead of Whitestone. You guys have made your way back. (laughs) So you arrive. What do you want to do? So you guys all get settled and you find your way to your rooms. The afternoon comes to a close for the evening, and everyone's gone off to do their business and prepare for a dinner, we'll say, in about an hour. All right, make an arcana check. (gasping) But what's your skill? What's your skill bonus? Okay, you take the small sack that contains the cards, and you pull the deck out of it, and you inspect it from the outside. Just checking the inscriptions. You've heard things about magical decks of cards. Sometimes they're used to see the future. Sometimes they're used for different types of augury and divination. You might've heard a myth or two about a card deck that can alter reality in good and bad ways. That's as much as you are able to glean from this. No. But you do know from looking at this, while the name doesn't come to you, you're able to ascertain this seems to be very, very in line with the fate-altering deck of cards, the one you've heard can do good and bad, and is as powerful and dangerous as it is interesting. All right. Did you-- Do you want me to flip a coin for you? It's up to you guys. This is entirely your call. I know. We'll say for the point of the narrative, a couple of weeks go by, relatively unimpactful. Yeah, the Teleportation Circle is complete. Yeah, sure. So you walk on down to the center of Whitestone, which is now far more full of life and bustling. A lot of the buildings that line the square have little flower boxes underneath the windows. Color has returned to it. Still keeps moody gray skies a large portion of the day, but overall the city itself seems to have sprung into life over the past year or so. The Sun Tree is beautiful. It's still a vastly bark-visible tree. It has that orange-brown color across it, smooth in most places, a little more textured toward the bottom, but you see the very lush green leaves up into the boughs. You can see little bits of white flowers that year-round reside up in the top. It stands there before you in all of its magnificence. "Hey, Keyleth." "It's been a while." "Thanks. I've been eating right." "As much as I can. You know, I'm a tree." "I mean, yeah." "There's kids and stuff." "Yeah." "No." "No, it's uncomfortable." "Yeah." "Would you have to nail it into me?" "It's fine." "But thank you. I appreciate the offer." "Appreciate it." "You're great." "Nah. Glad the snowing stopped." "It's hard to keep these blossoms up through the winter, let me tell you." "Yeah. How are you doing, Kiki?" "If I could blush." (laughter) "Don't point it out. It's embarrassing. So. Hi." "I'm glad you brought that up. I didn't want to breach the subject." "No, I'm cool." Hang up. I don't know, either. Partway into the day, we'll say that you've been doing this. The bakery's been going fine. Which, actually, Pike and Vex, you've been in the process of-- have you guys hired employees to run the bakery? Are you more playing as managers as opposed to actual workers? Pike, on this day, you've been keeping tabs on this. A couple of the Pale Guard approach the bakery. One of them, without seeing you, walks in and goes, "We're looking for Pike. Is Miss Pike in?" "Could you please come with us? There's somebody on the border requesting your presence." "On the outskirts of Whitestone." "Someone who says they know you. You'd better come with us." The two guards step back and-- do you walk with them? It's just her, at the moment. Make a perception check. Okay. As you're walking away from the Sun Tree and begin heading back to the northern side of Whitestone, glancing back at him. "Oh, it's good to talk to him again." And you see Pike walking with two guards just on the southwestern side of the square. She looks a little nervous. There are two kids off to the side that were just playing who look over and go, "Whoa." "I want to do that!" They did not see that. So, as you're brought to the western road, it leads you alongside the shops and one of the guard who's talking to you is like, "Yeah, sorry. A group of folks have been "here for a couple of days asking-- a few hours, I should say. Not a couple of days. Asking about "you. We've kept an eye on them. They don't seem to be aggressive, but they asked for you recently, "and we managed to find you by the bakery. Here they are." They lead you to the outside of the town, and there you see a small carriage with two horses that are currently hitched up front. You see about three other Pale Guard in full armor. One of them is in the middle of conversation with a couple of figures. You see four figures. You see three, and then a fourth one emerges from inside the carriage. It's a topped carriage with what looks to be some sort of curtains that are closed-- reds and dark purples. It doesn't look like an elaborate carriage, but it's functional. You see a male gnome with short dark hair, slicked to one side, and a well-groomed mustache that curls at the end. He's in the middle of talking when he glances over and sees you and goes, "Aha! "She's here!" He leaps off the top and the guards get defensive as he goes, "Astra! Ogden! JB? She's here!" Then he goes rushing off in your direction as the guards are like, "Sir! Sir!" He ignores them for a second, and the two guards with you say, "Miss Pike, should we?" And they go for their blades. He approaches real fast and goes, (laughs) and gives a big old hug and lifts you off the ground, and it takes you a minute to realize, this is Johann Trickfoot, your cousin who you haven't seen in quite a long time. He's dressed in a fine vest that is a dark maroon color with a gold trim. A little ragged at the edges, but fine. Big, swishy pants and boots, and he lifts you up for a second and then sets you back down and is like, "It's been quite a while." "Well, we got your letter! And we've been hearing all about you-- at least, JB's been "telling us all about you, hasn't she?" And he looks around and you see the other figures as they approach. There's a female gnome, older than you, who you haven't met before, who has curly strawberry-blonde hair that goes just past her shoulders. She's wearing this very revealing shirt and seems to walk with a confidence and smile and she goes, "Pike, my dear! "I've heard all about you!" And she rushes up and gives you a big hug as well. You look back, and stepping off the carriage, you see a very old gnome who is just a wreath of black and salt-and-pepper hair, crazy, around him like a lion's mane, and a giant beard. You wouldn't see a face if not for these small spectacles and a little button nose poking out as he's being helped off the wagon by another female gnome that you recognize as she turns around towards you. She has long, straight black hair that goes right past her shoulders. She has a Wednesday Addams vibe to her. She looks back at you and smiles, and you can see this gap in her front teeth. She's about your age. This is JB Trickfoot. She is the-- JB. She's another one of your cousins. One that you grew up with, actually, when you were very young, but you haven't seen her in a very long time. As they all begin to approach, this small cluster of Trickfoots have approached. As JB walks up to answer Johann, says, "Yes, indeed. "We've heard all about you. I've been so proud to hear that you've done such great good in the "world, cousin." "Far too long." "Yes." Johann claps his arm on the side of your shoulder. "Yes, of course! It's been-- I can't even "remember. Look at how big you are! Last I saw you, you were waist-high to a knuckle-punch. It's been "far too long. And so strong!" He's slapping the side of your arm, and they're all doing the whole family gathering, pulling and tugging, and you're starting to feel uncomfortable from all the attention, and the guards are all confused but also mildly amused by this family gathering. The old one now catches up, and you recognize that this is your uncle Ogden Trickfoot, who is the father to both Johann and JB. As he approaches, he has this small walking cane and he's walking at an angle because he doesn't quite see you. He's like, "Are you sure that she's around?" "Huh?" "Ah. Yes." "I'm all right. It's so good to see you." "There you are." He adjusts his head a little. "They tell me that you slay dragons!" "What?" "What did she say?" JB's like, "She said yes. She's slayed dragons." "What?" "She says a bakery?" "Cake?" Suddenly you see his face brighten. Between the bursts of facial and head hair, you see a little bit of rosy cheeks poke through with a smile. JB goes, "We'll get you cake. We'll get "you a cake, uncle." At which point, the blonde one goes, "Yes, of course we did. You are as beautiful as "everything they told me. I'm Astra, by the way. I'm Johann's wife. We haven't met, but you are a "sight to see." She takes your hands and pulls your hands and goes, "Oh my, and aren't you the "strapping young lady. Who's the lucky man?" "Oh. Shouldn't be a problem. Or woman. Whatever, I don't know. You can tell me later." JB's smile creeps, and you see the gap in her teeth once more. "Are these friends Vox Machina?" At which point, they all look at her, and she goes, "I'm so excited. Please?" And they all gather around you, and the guard comes up real fast. "Miss, do you require assistance?" "Very well." And the three guards that were at the front shout out, "The carriage?" And Johann goes, "Oh, yes! Well, it's now under the watch of one Pike Trickfoot, so just put it "wherever the royal horses go." (chuckles) "Of course! You're a busy woman. Don't worry about it." Astra fluffs her hair a bit. "Besides, I can have a guard escort me any day." The guard just grabs her arm and starts walking along with her. You can already tell she's a bubbly flirt. As you're having this conversation, (thudding sounds) Yeah, they've been having this conversation with them just standing in the square not far from the Slayer's Cake. It'll never get old. Yeah, so you've caught up at this point. Percy, you've just started to see them in the distance. Taryon, I don't know if you're-- Okay. So, while you guys are having this conversation, Taryon, you hear what sounds like ruckus, laughter, conversation, voices overlapping, getting louder and louder and then suddenly the front door to the Slayer's Cake, which has been quiet this afternoon, (thud). And then, (laughs) "Oh! This place is amazing! Do you smell that? You smell that, Uncle?" And you watch as the uncle comes in. (sniffs) "Smells like rocks." "He lost his smell when he was very-- it was a terrible accident. Horse hoof in the face. "Anyway, hi! We're family of Pike Trickfoot, and we were told to come here and try your wares! So this "is a bakery?" "She wasn't always blonde, you know." Yeah. I guess she wanted a change of pace. She had dark hair when she was younger. "Astra, free treats!" And they start grabbing and filling their pockets with blondies and eating them in between. You watch as JB walks up with long, dark hair, and goes, "Do you happen to have any water?" "Tary." Grabs and gets a small bucket of water and sets it down. You watch as JB begins breaking up the pastry and dipping it in the water and then feeding it to the uncle. Occasionally has to right his face, and it's getting caught in the beard a little bit. "Well, (chuckles) she--" At that point, the door bursts open and the rest of you arrive there at the Slayer's Cake. "We did. Your friend here--" "Taryon Darrington, who apparently speaks Gnomish-- look at you, keeping your culture. Was "nice enough to give us the run of the house!" (chuckles) "Oh, my dear. That's not possible." "Johann Trickfoot, random tasker, at your service." He bows. The woman with the curls says, "Astra Trickfoot. This here's my lumpy husband." Elbows him in the side. "And also at your service." And glances over and does a quick scan of everybody and falls on you and gives you a wink. JB, who is currently feeding the older uncle Ogden Trickfoot, goes, "I'm JB. I'm the cousin who grew "up with her the most. She's my favorite." At which point, she's been so concentrated on this, she doesn't realize she's been mashing the food into the side of Ogden's cheek. (babbling) "I'm sorry." She wipes him down. Astra goes, "Well, we travel a lot and we've heard of exploits in various towns all around. I "just have not had the chance to meet Pike after all the stories I've heard, and Johann speaks of "her often, and JB is pretty much obsessed with your exploits." JB's over there. "I've been keeping tabs." "So we were surprised that we were located by a courier who gave us your letter and your "absolutely unnecessary but very appreciated donation to the family, and we thought it would be "nice and right of us to come and thank you in person." Johann and Astra turn their heads to JB, and JB goes, "Well, I'm keeping tabs on what you've "been doing. There had been word that you not only helped with the reconstruction of Emon, but you've "also been traveling to and from Whitestone since the Conclave attacked the continent, so we "narrowed it down between a few possibilities, and based on the fact that you, Percival-- this is "your city, is that correct? We figured that given that basis, we had a good chance. We passed "through Westruun and could not find you. Wilhand, however, did say that you're doing well, and we "eventually made our way east, and here we are. It's good to see you." "You're Grog Strongjaw. Yes. You're the one that apparently replaced me." "You grew up together once we were not, and you're a strong half-giant of a man. The beard "confuses me, but you've done many great things, I suppose. The rest of you, it is an honor to meet "you. I've heard so much, and it's rare you get to meet heroes in your lifetime." (shouting) "What? I'm still hungry!" Johann pops up and goes, "We're always passing through, my dear, but we figured we'd just "stay for a few days. However long it takes to get to know you a little better, and then we'll be on "our way." "We could stay weeks, if you'd like!" "We've been traveling. We're very tired." Insight you can't-- you have to make an individual insight check. Okay. They're hard to read, in general. They're strange. They're interesting. They're unique. But they seem to be jovial and full of personality. You get a very familiar vibe as you did with Dr. Dranzel's troupe. From? They look at each other. Johann, and then Astra rushes in. They both give you a hug, and then Astra goes, "Uncle Ogden!" She grabs Ogden and (yelps) comes over and, "I'm confused." He's being held against you, really, and you watch as JB approaches and pats you. "Of course." She follows you out there. "You look so pretty." "You've done so many good things. I've heard so many good things. It's so good to see you." "Well, I've been watching Ogden. Traveling and seeing the sights of the countrysides of "Tal'Dorei. It's life on the road." She looks around and goes, "Well, we haven't heard from your immediate side of the family since "your bastard father left for Wynandia across the sea. Good riddance. No offense." "That was a long time ago. I was young. But no, seriously. "You're not missing much with them." Go for it. 13? She seems guarded and hard to read, but legit. She lights up and goes, "Yes, I've heard of him. Is he around?" "Oh. Okay, but I've heard of him. I've heard of his exploits. (chuckles) As I've asked around, "he's left quite a trail of ladies through the years." "They have a lot to say about him." "Bit of a scoundrel, that one." "Of course. I'm glad we had this bonding time." "You want to come, right?" She grabs your arms and tugs a little bit. You get a very faint sense of mild arrested development that makes you a little uncomfortable. She walks inside with you with her arm on your shoulder, and as you come back inside, the hug seems to have pulled away from Grog for a second, but the laughter is billowing from the room, and Johann, at this point, is mid-story to Grog. "And that's the craziest thing! She was so "small, but could yet poop so much." "It's incredible!" "If we could have painted a picture, you wouldn't know where she put it away! But that's "another story." "Of course! Days. Weeks was invited here, of course, but--" Astra steps forward and takes your hand and she goes, "It's all right, dear. We're not going "to stay longer to make it uncomfortable. I'm sorry about these folks." "I married into the Trickfoots. I'm not bound to the same ridiculousness as these guys, so "don't worry." Sure. 20 total? "That sounds fantastic." "It's so happy to have the Trickfoots together again." "So where are we all staying?" "Fantastic! Wondrous. Show us along! We have things to unload." "Wonderful. I love it. I love it!" As you're saying this, Uncle Ogden has stepped forward again and JB is like, "Uncle Ogden?" He (grunts) and reaches out and finds the edge of your cheek and chin and he drops his cane, pulls his glasses off, and you see these tiny, dark beady eyes between the wrinkles and he goes, "Pike." "It's so good to see you." "Thank you. You're a good one." He puts his glasses back on and reaches out, and JB picks up a stick and hands it to him. He's like, "Thank you." You want to make an insight check? (laughter) You genuinely feel bad for even having that second thought. (laughter) His head spins for a second. He smiles, and in Gnomish back to you, he says, "Oh. It's been a while." "Oh!" You watch as Johann spits out the pastry. "Always hungry!" "Is that how you got your pastries?" "Well, we're not hunters, so I guess we'll stay here until you finish hunting. You know we're "not hunters. We've never been hunters. Trickfoots don't hunt." "Not a bad idea. I could use a bath, actually. How about you, Astra?" Astra's like, "Oh, I'd love a bath right now. I've been on the road for so long." And JB goes, "Uncle could really use a bath." "Very well. Show us along!" "Not coming with us. The Trickfoots tend to scatter on their own." "Yeah, sure. We'll go with that one. Yeah, not everyone can be trusted in the family." "It's frustrating. The people that you care for and spend your life hitting behind betray that "trust, and good riddance to them." They all look back at JB, who lights up again and goes, "Everything." JB is like, "Well, I--" And Johann goes, "I feel like if we don't choose him, we're going to get squashed." (laughter) "Mr. Strongjaw, you may show us around." "Great! Great. Now, to the baths. How big are your baths? Are they huge? Are they "human-sized baths? Are they bigger than human-sized baths?" "You!" All right, so you show them up to the castle, which I assume is where you're letting them stay. Right. Okay. That information is easily distributed throughout the Pale Guard, without issue. Because there are only within the castle at any given time, four baths. Four rooms that contain full baths. Occasionally, you have to wait for a person, but they immediately scatter. Three of them are taken. You wait a while. Eventually, they one by one start making their way down to the main banquet hall of the castle. Cleaned up. You watch as Johann comes down, wearing his same clothing that appears to have been cleaned. "Wow! I'm appreciative that you have servants here that can "do such a nice job with such fine family threads." His mustache is done perfectly. His hair is still slick and wet from the bath, combed over. "Well, thank you. It's in the blood." He turns around. "Astra? What's taking her so long?" Walks back out to the stairway and rushes past the guards, his little gnomish head dodging by their knees, almost. He goes, (shouting) "Astra!" You hear a voice go, (shouting) "I'm almost done! Wait and be patient!" He goes back. "She'll be down in a moment. Don't worry. In the meantime, "is there an appetizer course?" "You're so generous!" He pinches your cheek. He waltzes over to the table, sits down and grabs the fork and knife. "Two bottles of red, and... ooh, what vintage have you?" He begins talking with the servants about what various wines are available. Okay. The servants that are there, the whole waitstaff and kitchen staff go, "Of course, milady." "A curious request, but one we will fulfill to our greatest ability." The staff stops and goes, "Friend Taryon, I'm sorry, but the lady requested specifically "that the meal not be--" "Lady Vex'ahlia." Make a persuasion check. You're asking them to override the word of the lady of the house. SAM One. (laughter) "The lady you're speaking about." Persuasion. He goes, "But if you say it's the word of Lady Vex'ahlia--" "I'm so confused. We'll do our best. Holy shit." You see this internal struggle. "Everyone! Fine "meat's back on the menu. Sorry." And the staff goes, (groans) and starts throwing shit out that they were halfway working on and starting from scratch. The servants all stop and go, (sighs). "Yes, Grand Poobah." (laughter) It burns. It burns so good. As you guys all find yourselves ready, the Trickfoots also begin to fill in to the banquet hall. The servants provide a fantastic spread of heartily cooked pork meats, peanut butter fresh from the jar, piles of cheeses. Johann gives a curious eye and goes, "Well, who are we to scoff at the cultures of others? "Let's dig in, everyone!" And immediately he goes in. Astra begins eating, as well. JB takes a bite and then prepares a bite for Uncle Ogden, who is in the process of staring at the table strangely. Eventually the spoon finds its way there. As this is happening, Johann begins asking questions. "So! This is your castle?" JB is like, "No, it's not her castle. It's his castle. She's just staying here, for now." At which point, Cassandra comes in from the back, arms crossed. She wanders in. "Brother?" "Everything all right, brother?" "Very well, I'll be in my chambers if you require anything." "I'm fine. I'm a bit tired. It's been a long night. But whoever you are, welcome to "Whitestone." She looks back to Percival. "Ah." "I would love to welcome you all to Whitestone. You are guests of ours if you are "guests of hers. We'll talk later." She makes her way back up the stairs. You watch as Trish, who's her bodyguard on this shift, follows her up. She's one of two shift personal guards of Cassandra. Okay. "You. We have so much to catch up on. It's been a long time." She looks around. There's this long, awkward pause as she keeps looking over Vox Machina again and again, but not making any eye contact with Grog, and eventually goes, "I suppose Lady Vex'ahlia." Hands the spoon over to you. "Should I just go sit?" "Okay." She gets up from the table. Johann's still talking. He's telling stories. "We "Trickfoots. For generations, we've been problem-solvers. We rove from place to place, "solving problems across the countrysides. If you have a squeaky wheel, we fix the wheel. If you "have a squeaky door, we fix the door." "If you have a squeaky tax man, we fix the tax man. That's a joke! That's a joke. You can "laugh. See, there you are." As this conversation's happening, there's a small bowl of what looks to be some of the pork, but it's been soaked in some water or wine, and it's been mashed or pre-chewed. You're not quite sure. But you have the spoon there, and you have Uncle Ogden sitting there going-- His ear perks up a little bit and he goes, "I haven't heard that talk in a long time." His head turns slightly towards you, but he's still looking off a little bit from under the glasses. It would be considered Undercommon. Do you understand Undercommon? Okay, then yeah. He looks back and goes, "It's been travel. "They take care of me. We're here now." His hand reaches over and grabs your hand and holds it for a second. He goes, "We're here now to protect you." "From the curse." "I've been having visions of you. An angel of light swallowed by dark." "They come often, and the dreams that come often generally come to pass. There is a curse in "our blood, and we wish to save you from that curse." His fingers tighten a little bit on your hand. Not in a painful way, but an emphatic hold. "I'm worried for you. You're the only good one." His hand releases your hand. He drools a little bit and wipes it with his hand. (laughter) It dribbles out a little bit. "Unexpected." "It's good." You see him smiling now. "Astra met Johann about ten years ago. He needed someone to nail him down. Spry, wily, prone "to terrible choices. He's a stupid boy. Stupid, stupid boy." At which point, Johann, who's been talking, stops and goes, in Undercommon, "I can hear you, Dad. Anyway!" "She's good to him. If she breaks his heart, I'll kill her." "They absconded east and got in a little trouble." "It's just like my brother to do that. He's the one who held "the stupid gene on our generation." "I'm tired now." At which point, JB, who's been over there talking with you and asking questions about the castle and what accommodations there are, sees Uncle Ogden get up. "Oh, Uncle, I'll help you. I'm "so sorry, Lady Vex'ahlia." She stands up and walks around and grabs the elbow. "Uncle Ogden, are you tired?" "He's very fragile. If you'd trust anyone to take him?" "It's what I'm used to, but if Lady Vex'ahlia--" At which point, as soon as you say that, she smiles brightly and goes, "Actually, yes." She sits down next to you and begins asking about, "I can't believe that you stepped into the "same ridiculousness that Wilhand did and it's brought you all this. "We just thought he was an old coot." "It's all right. We make ourselves scarce on purpose." "We've been helping out, but mostly me, yeah." You can see that she stiffens up a little bit. "So he's already told you." "I don't want to ruin an evening that's going so well, but he's had visions. I'm worried "about you. When we got your letter that-- we didn't know how to find you. We didn't think that "you were in the area. When your letter found us, we thought maybe you weren't that far away, so we "began to search our way along the Silver Cut." Yeah, go for it. She's hard to read, in general. Even when she was a kid, she was an odd duck. She seems genuine. You see Astra, who's been drinking deep of one of the two fine bottles of red wine, is drunkenly leaning with her arm around Johann's arm. He's a little tipsy, but he's still in conversation, talking to Grog. He's telling embarrassing story after embarrassing story, and since you're so eager and no one else really wants to pay him as much mind. He's talking to the table, but he's mainly focusing on you. As you begin helping Ogden, who, as you grab his arm, he's shaking, and he has his cane as he moves along. His skin is very loose. "I can walk under my own power." "At the stairs." He's still looking off. As soon as you get to the stairs, he gets about two steps and has to stop and breathe, and another two stairs. He leans into it and you eventually help him up the staircase that spirals up to the second floor and eventually lead him to his chambers. "Always." "By nature, we don't really put down roots." Big old smile as he says roots, darkened, some broken teeth. Heinous smell. Yep. "Yes. Dreams." "Terrible premonitions." At this point, he stops and looks up towards you as you're holding his arm, and he reaches up and pulls the glasses shakily from the front of his face and through his small dark brown beady eyes, you see the whites at the sides are bloodshot. He glances up and goes, "The kinds of dreams that end a bloodline." "We're trying to find a way to stop it." "Good. Then we came at the right time." Go for it. "If you can get me to the edge of it, I can manage." "Good. She can use some family." "Dark tidings, indeed." (raspy grunt) He gets up and leans the stick off to the side, and it (thudding noise) onto the ground. "That's all right. I can get that." He leans back and lets you do it. "There's a legend in the Trickfoots. Every generation, one is born with the blood curse. One "that carries with it the anger of someone slighted when we first became Trickfoots. Maybe it's "superstition, but every one of these individuals died a horrible, painful death, screaming of a "shadow that came for them. It's a myth, I know, but these dreams are real, and I'd rather be "careful and wrong than careless and right." "Shapeless. Dark. Eyes like burning coals." Shapeless, black shadow with red eyes sounds similar, but Orthax was generally black smoke. Had form, and the eyes were more of a yellow. "Months." "Only once. I was very young." "My brother." Theobold. "I don't know. This whole family is paranoid and guards their secrets from each other. "Anyway." Make a perception check. As you've been paying attention to them most of dinner. Mannerisms, everything. There are some similarities. Yeah. They're not direct family. They're cousins, uncle-- they're once removed from her central nuclear family. But you do see similarities in cheekbone structure, at least with Johann, Ogden, and JB. Moreso with JB. It's hard with the mustache with Johann. But there are some similarities between JB and Pike, and you can't help but envision these two cute little gnome children playing together. These two dark-haired female gnomes running around, and there may have been an age when they could have been hard to tell apart from each other. As Johann picks up Astra. "Anyway, it's been a fantastic meal. I appreciate your hospitality, "and I look forward to this grand tour you promised tomorrow." "Oh, I've got loads." Okay. As you say this to her, she glances back and says, "Very well. Under the needs of being "upfront, as well, I want you to know that I'm not interested." (laughter) I don't think he has, either, no. She looks over at Grog and goes, "Perhaps a tour is in order, but just no. "I'm not interested." "In the tour, yes." She gets up and walks away. "Good night, everyone. Good night, Pike." Eventually, all the gnomes have left and you're all there, dumbfounded, at the dinner table. You guys scan through, pat yourselves down. Everything's in place. You haven't because you haven't been with most of the Trickfoots for most of your life. You've been with Wilhand since you were very young. You said six. He's not been eager to talk about the family. You can see he resents the Trickfoot clan, so you haven't heard of this, but you also know very little about them. He's in Westruun right now. It is also late in the evening. Yeah, Wilhand is older than Ogden. Ogden looks like he's older, but his physicality is not based on age as much as it's based on-- Something akin to that, I guess you'd say. Yeah. I'm excited for this. So, as you all eventually find yourselves resting for the evening, contemplating the plans to take first thing in the morning, we'll go ahead and close tonight's episode there. We'll pick this up next week. We'll stall if we need to. We'll make it happen. All righty, guys. Well, thank you so much for watching tonight. I hope you enjoyed it as much as we did. We'll be back here next Thursday, 7PM Pacific, as usual. Until then, have a wonderful weekend and is it Thursday yet? Good night, guys.