Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, a show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons. So sorry for the tech delay. We had a few technical errors, but we've pushed through them. Let's go ahead and get this show on the road. First, with your announcements. Thank you. So I guess the show was a grand experiment and now tonight's chat room will be a grand experiment; we'll see how things pan out. So definitely let us know how that works for you guys after the show. We'll pass that feedback on or let Zac know, so... Anyway, welcome to our crazy show. We have some announcements to give at the top of this, too. First, well I guess first I could say, tonight we have a special guest Skyping in from New York as she finished shooting early. We have Ashley Johnson will be joining us tonight as Pike. (cheering) I'm so glad you could join us tonight. You guys are in for a treat, watching how a dungeon master incorporates a character suddenly in the middle of a story. (laughter) Or fails at it; we'll see. Yeah. So. Appreciate your understanding of the delay. Yeah, that's true. Maintaining a narrative, that's the hard part. It's true. The Deck of Many Things ruins everything. Oh my god. All right, so, next announcement, as part of our Spotify playlists being put up on the website. Each person has been creating Spotify playlists around their character. This week Keyleth went live on the website. (cheering) And we've had people spoil themselves. Travis is abandoning us; he had to go. Travis is like, "No!" We lost a Grog, gained an Ashley. I'm okay with that. All right, cool, so next up, Wyrmwood has their Critical Role stuff for you guys who want to buy really awesome, nice and pricey upper-tier geek stuff. Awesome. Couple other things. Also, we tonight are putting-- we don't have Pike's because that was a kind of surprise, but we have new art by our official artist Kit Buss for all the character portraits we'll be using tonight. You can see them. Thank you so much Kit. (laughs) Everything. We take over. Great. Next announcement is for all you waiting for the Critmas episode; I know that they divided the recent upload into two different parts, the Critmas being its own kind of individual upload. I've been told that goes up tomorrow. So, those of you who are, "Where has the episode?" It'll be up there tomorrow for you to watch. And you get to see all the amazing things that a bunch of fans made and sent out and all the lovey-dovey awesome connection stuff that we stayed here until midnight last week having fun with, so check it out tomorrow. It's a lot of fun. All right, also, let's see, reminder we have awesome t-shirts online like the one that Travis is wearing-- it's been one of those days-- Taliesin is also wearing it. And the newer one that Laura is wearing. Those are available. We also have the keychains and the necklaces, too, so those are cool; those are up. Games that came out this week? Fallout 4 came out this week, as I'm sure many of you are aware. Exactly. Yeah, in the game. So anyway, I play McCreedy and Z-114. Oh yeah, I'm getting there. Also, a bunch of us went to BlizzCon this past weekend, which had a lot of fun, fun panels and stuff, and we met a whole bunch of Critters that were there as well. It was really cool. We had kind of an impromptu signing for a while, and we had a bunch of very positive conversations with a bunch of you cool people, so those who came out and said hello hello! It was great meeting you all. We had a good time. It was fun, and Liam was all over BlizzCon. (laughs) It was pretty rad. All right, couple last things. Oh, today, a few of us went with other fantastic hosts on our Twitch channel network to the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles and handed over our donation from the Extra Life charity we've been doing for the past month or so that you guys made happen. It was incredible to see the outreach everyone put into it, and we ended up handing over pretty much $115,000 dollars to the Children's Hospital of Los Angeles. Congratulations, you guys. It's a wonderful facility. $115,000. That's you guys. You guys are incredible. And last but not least, we have an announcement, do you guys want to handle this one? Yeah, we want to make more content for everyone, so if you like the content, then go look at the content that shows that we could possibly do more content. So yeah. I think that's all our announcements. I know, I'm so glad you could be here, Ashley. Yep. Have you got your dice and your character sheets ready? You ready? So, with that, let's go ahead and kick back into the mood of the current venture into Whitestone. Now. The party of Vox Machina, having traveled across Tal'Dorei to the city of Whitestone to seek a pair of seemingly vicious and evil individuals known as Lord and Lady Briarwood, members of the past that Percy's family fell to oh so many years ago, leaving what he thought was the sole survivor to the de Rolo family. Upon coming to Whitestone, finding its people downtrodden and oppressed by the Briarwood rule as well as the cutthroats and mercenaries that they had brought along with them when they took the city, now given lordship and plots of land and rule over this entire town. The word began to spread of possible new rebellion as you charged through the town, leaving burned marks, burned houses, and very slaughtered people in the process. Very bad people. As these murmurs continue to roll and coalesce, you spoke to a number of individuals in the city that were involved in previous failed rebellions and seemed to build up what may be the last chance for Whitestone. As part of this information was revealed that Percy's thought-dead sister Cassandra still existed within the castle and had been what people thought the only living de Rolo and bastion of hope in the city. Now there were two. Upon triggering the initiation of this, the party split, Scanlan Shorthalt running to one of the nobles while the rest of the party went to the other to set a diversion at the same time. (laughs) It may not have worked out as intended, but it definitely worked, as we had an epic bard versus goliath rainstorm rooftop showdown. The rest of the party made their way into Count Tylieri's home, destroyed his vampiric self, and got some information out of the guards before escaping into the town, which has now gone into chaos. Many of townsfolk have become the militia that they've been preparing to be. Armored with whatever they can find, they've managed to take down a number of the large, hulking zombie giant guardians throughout the city. Many lives were lost in the process, and the battle is ongoing. As you rushed towards the center of the town to check in on the Sun Tree, finding all the previous bodies that resembled members of Vox Machina cut from its boughs, you saw swarming in towards the center of the city a large horde of skeletal undead, clattering forth into the dark. As the sun has now set over the horizon, the rain beginning to pour heavily into the center of the town. There was efforts meant to keep the army at bay as you all rushed towards the west to escape the immediate fray, and that was where we left off last session. You guys haven't gotten to the tree line yet, no. At this time, you are on Trinket. The rest of you are running through the muddy streets. Your feet are slick against the ground, and you have to catch yourself every now and then from not tumbling forward. As you glance over, they're just now starting to pour from the town square itself, and it was hard to see the exact number, but from your perspective in the darkened kind of just post-sunset light, you didn't see the end of it. Possibly. From what you can tell in the middle of the chaos from rushing. There was a zombie giant behind you that did manage to finish off some of the villagers before coming after you. In your haste in escape with the help of a few of you individuals who managed to tear it down, slaughtering it as it gave chase through the city street. As you guys are now looking behind and seeing this undead horde pouring into the central road that you're traveling along, you hear a voice ring out from the other direction, toward where you guys are running. For a second, it's hard to make out what it is, but the voice is suddenly readily familiar; it says, "There! Run! Aid them!" And as you guys glance away from the army and back towards the path where you were traveling, you see what looks to be about ten armed villagers, various pieces of armor, some nicer than others, some have seen some use over time, but nevertheless serviceable and functional. You see at the front of them, Brother Yennan. Sorry, Keeper Yennan is at the front of them armored up, shield at his side, holding aloft the holy symbol of Erathis in his hand, and they're all just running towards you guys (heavy footfalls). You'd probably have to slow down to do that, because you're a good, like, probably 50, 60 feet away from them, if not a little further. You guys are moving faster than them, so, that even the chase, they're not very quick entities. They're about a hundred feet from you and closing. Go ahead and make-- this is technically breaking a grapple. Okay, so, so Trinket begins to turn around. You're fighting. It would be either acrobatics or athletics versus your athletics. With that, the slick rain across her forearm (swish) she squeaks her arm out from your grasp, and with that moment, you feel her disappear as she rushes back towards this undead onslaught. Keep in mind you still have Call Lightning coming, so you would be losing the Call Lightning at this time. Okay. So with that, the darkened clouds that had gathered begin to slowly disperse as you begin to focus, running forward. As you are charging, using the momentum, the air around you begins to slowly grow and ignite before a ball of flame bursts into your peripheral, and you can control it at will. At this point now, they're about 30 feet away. Since you went right back towards them as opposed to running away. You're now, because you gave chase shortly after she ran off, so you guys are about tandem. About 20 feet. All right, so Conjure Barrage. What, what's the distance on Conjure Barrage? Okay, then yeah, you can definitely attempt that. Okay. So, as you create this sphere, and it's rolling to your side as you begin to concentrate and look over your shoulder, and you see Trinket (heavy steps) running up, with just mud slung as each one of his claws begins digging into the earth, pulling him forward. (bear roars) On his back, you see Vex pull out an arrow, pull back, and concentrate. The arrow itself seems to split and shatter in her hand, almost like the wood itself divides into five or six different shards. As you release the arrow, it bursts into a funneling cloud of sharp wooden splinters that fires out from the front of you. What's the DC on that spell? 15 DC, and is that dex? Dexterity. All righty. The ones that are in range would be about 12 at that point. Okay. Given the average of rolls there, the explosion of splinters just shoots outward, just completely disintegrating the first row of about five or six of them. About five or six past them get a bunch of splinter in their bone, their rib cages shatter open, and they (skeletal gargle) try and move forward before they collapse in on their own structure and (clatter) scatter into the mud. Let's say you destroyed ten of them. You can still see about 50 or 60 slow pushing towards you at this point in time. Keyleth. You guys left the Sun Tree, and you've gone westward, it would be from your perspective. Westward across the city, towards the treeline. You're now doubling back. At this point, however, the undead horde has filtered into the town square and is currently between you and the Sun Tree. Okay, and the width of it's going to cover the entire street? Okay. (swoosh) The wall of stone lifts you up at its maximum height. What's the maximum height of that spell? Can you repeat that? I lost my phone for my app, so I'm going to use this book here. So, ten feet? All right so, (whoosh) you're lifted ten feet up into the air. You can now see, about to crash into the wall, what looks 70 or so skeletons just (crashing noise) scraping into it. You guys can all of a sudden hear through the rainfall in the distance this scratching of metal shields and blades and bones scraping at the stone wall, and (skeletal hissing) hissing and clattering. Okay. Okay. The flaming sphere begins to move over the wall. You've done your action, and you begin to push that forward, because the sphere moving through you would get to about your space. So next turn we'll get to that. You guys have caught up to the wall now. The rest of you have turned around with her. Okay. Percy. Okay. You guys get up on top of the wall. It's about four or five feet thick; it's a little precarious, but not too much to really bother you guys. You get to the top and you look over and you see this sea of thrashing about skeletal entities, some looking fresher than others, and all intent on trying to find some way-- and you start to see some of them starting to climb up over each other to get to the height of the wall. Okay. Make a perception check. The rainfall is too thick. Right now, your vision is so obscured that even beyond 50, 60 feet it starts getting a little hard to make out details. The Keeper says, "Fire won't help, but I can." SAM and "And so can she." As he looks over his shoulder, you can see the villagers are parting, and there is, running behind them, this form of a small humanoid armored entity, but glowing. Her actual form is comprised of glowing, radiant energy, like an actual avatar of Sarenrae in the form of a tiny gnome cleric, just charging through the rain, each droplet of rain that hits her body (sizzling) just immediately evaporates on impact, and she comes charging towards you guys. All right, as you guys reach down and she runs up, Keeper Yennan reaches up and grabs on the arm as well as she gets up and the two of them together lift up on top, and as you grab her arm, it's strange. It's warm to the touch, warmer than a natural arm, and it doesn't have full physical essence to it. It's almost like she's partially an apparition of her physical self. There is purchase. There is an actual form to it, but it doesn't feel fully solid. With that, you lift her up, and she's lighter than you recall, and almost like a gentle feather of herself, she (light footfall) lands onto her toes on the top of the wall. I know. Yeah. As you look down before you, and there is a horde of skeletons that are right now about to crush the wall. You see two right now that are lashing out. One reaches for your leg. Okay, go for it. All right, go ahead and roll damage. Whoever sent in that d20. With the rocketing (blast) sound, the Pepperbox fires, and the skeleton in front of you just explodes into splinters of bone, just... being scattered amongst the crowd of skeletons behind it. However, the moment that that one is gone, another one seems to already be crawling into its place. Okay, fire again. What is it, 24? 11 points of damage? (gunshot) It fires and blasts off most of the skull on the skeleton, and you can see its jaw hangs open, but it still (skeletal hiss). Okay, that one you clearly destroy the top of its skull. The rest of it just crumples into the pile and disperses amongst the chaos. The horde, though, is now as almost like a wave. There's so much of it that's pushing up against the wall and beginning to swell up to reach the top of the ten-foot wall. The flaming sphere rolls over the top and slams down into the front of the group. As it hits and impacts, go ahead and roll the damage. All righty. And what's the-- Okay. One, three, nine, 20. One. I'm doing general rolls for this. It pushes through ten of them. Seven of them are destroyed, the bone cinders and burns, and then crumples into itself. A few of them manage to push out of the way, kind of (growls) watching as it rolls past. You can hear this constant pattering of rain evaporating against the flaming sphere (sizzling) as it pushes through, the mud boiling, left in its wake. As that's happening, you get up to the top. Trinket pushes you up on the top. Okay. Go for it. 16? 16 definitely hits, yeah. 19 damage? Okay, so the first one takes full damage, (impact noise) explodes as the lightning arcs through the air, the arrow hitting the central skeleton. You see the light actually burst into the back of its skull, causing this blueish-green glow to shoot out of its eyes and mouth as it explodes and detonates. Exactly. Ten feet total? That would be... wow. Yeah. (laughs) General saves on this. I'm rolling for shit. All right, so with that (blast) the shock wave blasts outward, and you see skeletons being thrown-- pieces of skeletons. Arms and weapons and pieces of shield and armor being flung in the air. As you see 12 of them immediately disintegrate and explode around it. In that moment, though, the horde pushes again and fills that gap almost instantly. You do see the end of it now, at this point. It looks to be probably a total of 65 left in this section. Roll a perception check. 11? Okay. Don't worry about it. All right. That's easy enough for a ten-foot wall, oh, and for a gnome, so with that, Scanlan leaps up, and you land next to Pike. And with that, both Scanlan and Pike, what do you guys want to do? You can. You can, yeah. Or Destroy Undead. You have access to both. It's a 30-foot radius. All right, so I need you to go ahead and make an athletics check to see how far you can jump, if you don't mind. Rolling athletics. (laughs) And what's your athletics? (laughs) It's a little late for that, unfortunately. What's your total? Okay, just get in the swing of it, first. It's all good. That's pretty fantastic. Okay, then. Given that circumstance, you in this sunny, radiant form, you reach back and leap into the air, and for a split second you see with a flash of light, almost like these momentary feather angel wings, burst out of the shoulders of Pike that (whoosh) flap once and then disperse into sparkling feathers that vanish under the rain. As Pike leaps out, landing 35 feet in the center of this on top of a skeleton. You slide down its body as its shield pushes you off to the ground, and you land on your feet, and as far as you can tell from your eye-line, all you see are chattering skulls and blades around you for all visual perspectives and a little bit of the skyline above you, a little bit of the clouded night sky. So Pike, are you going to use your action to Destroy Undead? Okay. Wow. What's your spell DC? Be on your spell page. 16? Good to know. That's wisdom. They're minus one wisdom. Okay. So, as you see all the skeletons begin to reach for you, and their blades come pulling down towards your armor, you curl into a ball, clutch your holy symbol of Sarenrae, and through the connection that has allowed you to be here in this moment, you feel this welling of radiant energy just burst out from you in this shock wave of glowing radiant force just (explosion noise) blast outward. For that entire blast wave radius, which would be the entirety of this road leading back for about 60 feet, you end up turning to ash roughly 36 of these skeletons. Just (explosion noise) the rain itself is disintegrated by the sudden wave of heat, and there is just a cloud of ash that turns to mud immediately against the rain and slams against the nearby buildings, slowly dripping down the sides. Pieces of metal armor just go slamming to the ground, rolling (clanking) into piles and piles of currently unused weapons. As you look up, you can see the remainder of the horde, which you're looking at probably about at this point 20 or so skeletons still pushing forward at this point, just mindlessly rushing towards the closest thing they can see, which is this glowing beacon of a gnome in the center of the street. All right, so Scanlan, what do you want to do? They're going to be acting after this, so they're about 30 feet away from her, so just outside of the radius of her spell. She did, yes. If you want to try. Okay. It's athletics. The wall itself is slick, and as you push down, you lose your traction on the front. It doesn't cause you to fall, per se, but you manage to get ten feet off the actual wall, landing (boof) with a thud in the dirt, and Pike still 25 feet away from you. I'm going to say that's going to be your move. The 20 or so that are left are currently 55 feet from you and beyond. They are; they're very clumped together. All their friends just turned to ash, and they're now starting to climb over the armor to find their way towards Pike. Not if you angle it towards the edge. All right. Out of your body in a straight line. If you would like to. An arcane display of virility, if ever there was one. Scanlan does a singular, classic, ancient technique, the arcane thrust, and with such (boosh) a bolt of energy goes firing out just barely arcing around Pike's form and slamming into a row of skeletons. Go ahead and roll your 8d6, and what's the DC on your spell? I will say because you're doing the thrust, you do not get the cone on this one. 17. Not for skeletons. 22? All right, so the bolt (electric spark) arcs through and slams into seven of them. What was the total damage there you said? The total damage was? 22. Okay, yeah. So two of them survive. You can see their kind of burnt, charred forms, and one of them's missing an arm now, and the armor itself is still (electricity noise) arcing little bits of energy. Five of them, however, just explode into black, burning bone chips. At which point you can now see, bolts of lightning are (lightning strike) coming down from the storm in the distance, too, as the thunderstorm itself is reaching more of a fervored pace, the rain itself getting harder and harder on you guys. So, with that, you can see looking over your shoulder on the other side of this wall another bit of skeletal horde is starting to come down one of the nearby intersections, and it's starting to come around the other side of you guys. You do see, however, that the ten villagers and Keeper Yennan are currently rushing towards that group to hold them at bay and Keeper looks back over his shoulder and says, "You! Don't "worry! We've got this! You do what you must. It has begun. Finish it!" And goes charging forward, holding his shield forward, rushing towards the group of skeletons. The skeletons, however-- you have to do something at this point. Hold your turn? Okay. The remaining 13 or so skeletons use their full movement to get up, only three of which can actually get into combat range with Pike, since their speed is only 30. That radius really messed them up, man. Glad you could make it tonight. (laughter) They are, yes. Okay, so you'll get there simultaneously; you'll be doing your action simultaneously. So, you run off the wall (running steps) and make it up, not a problem at all with speed. Pike, as you see the rest of the skeletons zoning in on you, Vax suddenly just rushes to your side, daggers at the ready. Three skeletons are going to take swipes at Pike. That is a 17? Nope? Oh, it's a seven. Oh, skeletons. And that is a 12. Yeah. Two of them try and swipe, and you just knock it out of the way with your shield. A third one does hit you in the front of the chest, but the armor deflects it entirely, and the blade actually sinks a little bit into your form, but the radiant energy that holds your position there just pushes it off, and the blade itself seems to almost dull from the impact. You're up. Well, the final seven that are currently there are within range if you wish to attack any of them. There are three that are currently in melee with her. There's a skeleton right next to both you and Pike. Go for it. So, if you're just physically punching, this is strength-based. So roll a d20. Add your strength modifier and your proficiency-- although it's unarmed strike, so I don't know if you're proficient with unarmed strikes... Okay. What did you roll on the dice? Yeah, you hit. The symbol of Sarenrae, okay. Go ahead and roll 1d2 plus your strength modifier damage. Roll a d4 and divide it by two. What's your modifier for strength? So you do three points of Vax fist damage right to the skull (crushing sound). It hurts at impact, and you feel like the bone wobbled as the skull (bone ratchety noise) back towards you. But well done, that was a fun round. (laughs) True enough. If you want to make an athletics check to leap up and use that to jump off, you-- mister athletic movement and high speed. Rolled a 19? I'll say you leap up on the wall, use that as kind of a stepping point, and jump as far as you can. You get 20 feet forward beyond the wall (heavy landing) land with your hammer to your side, (flames ignite), flames flickering off the edge of it. You still have-- I'd give you 20 more feet of movement at this point because you're a crazy-fast barbarian. You'd be able to reach two of them, right on the other side of Pike. Okay, go for it. 26, that definitely hits. Roll for damage on the first one. 12 damage? How much is the war hammer? Of that? Not the fire damage. 11? Okay. As you smack into it, you can see the bones themselves are brittle by nature, but the solid slamming force of a thick piece of honed metal into the side of this bone-brittle creature just sends it shattering to the side. You get the feeling that these entities are particularly fragile against bludgeoning weapons. So your first strike just scatters one of the skeletons across the ground. You have one more in your reach if you want to go for your second attack. Okay. 20. Go ahead and roll damage on that one. (explosion noise) The second one just explodes up into the air. You can see one of its shields goes flying off and lands on one of the roofs, almost like Walter White's pizza. As great weapon master, I believe if you kill something, you also can use a bonus action to get a third attack. Outside of your frenzied rage. So, I mean, nothing's in-- right now in melee range for you, but if you wanted to throw your hammer, you could. Correct. I'm saying, as part of great weapon master, you can not rage, kill something, and then get a free attack with your weapon. (laughs) So with the Chain of Returning attached to your hammer, you go ahead and (propeller noise) send it swinging towards one of the further skeletons. 25 definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 14, doubled due to the bludgeoning vulnerability on the initial impact. The hammer slams into its rib cage, causing it to cave inward. Its entire upper body just falls into itself as the hammer, not meeting any resistance, goes beyond and (impact) splotches into the mud. Go ahead and make your athletics check to try and pull the hammer back. Kind of, technically. 13. You just (sucking noise) pull it out with a sickening sound (thunk) catch it in the air, the blood dripping-- the mud dripping off of it, but you see it burning away as the flames begin to burst through the actual mud. Burns some of the taste buds as the searing hot edge of of the hammer reaches your tongue. All right, that ends that round. There are now currently four skeletons on this side. We'll say for the sake of brevity, you manage to, in the next round or so, just destroy them, the flaming sphere itself can just bash through them. So you're on two sides of the wall. The rain's pouring so heavily (lightning crash). There's a flash in the distance of lightning. I want everyone to roll perception. So you got 20? You see in the flash of lightning in the distance. You can see just barely on the other side of the town square what looks like the outline of a giant currently slamming into something, and out of the corner of your eye, you see a second one to the south side of the city. There are still a few of these giant sentinels out there. They don't look too terribly close, but they're still on the rampage. As you're shouting this over, he is currently about 40 feet away right now, slamming into a front line of skeletons, grabbing his own holy symbol, and you see another similar burst of energy to the one that Pike let out earlier. (explosion) That same dull, bass-y impact sound. You feel a shudder in the ground beneath you as a series of more skeletons are immediately disintegrated in his proximity. Looks over his shoulder. "Until morning? Why wait until morning? "We're fighting now!" One to the east, one to the south. Okay. Who's taking whom? All right, so we have Grog and the two gnomes, and the rest of you? Who's going which direction? Currently to the south and east. All right. Grog and gnomes, you guys are going to the south, all right. As you guys dart off, making your way around the still very ominous and creepy Sun Tree to your left, you can see all the various muddy prints of all the scraping skeletons that came through here, and in the distance you can still hear echoing shouts, combat shouts, commands being sent throughout. There's still very much an aggressive presence of the resistance in this city. You have no idea whether or not it's on the winning or losing side at this moment, but it is still active. You guys divide at this point. Starting with you guys. Grog, holding both the gnomes, and you can feel Pike is lighter than normal, and you know her weight quite well, as you're used to putting her up on your shoulders from growing up with her, and in recent years. But there's also this strange kind of vibration to her body, like it's not physically there, but yet it does feel like there is physical presence. As you're rushing through the rain, acknowledging this, you make your way to the bottom of the square. Charging through, you almost slip at one point and catch yourself, head past one street, a second street, and to the left as you glance off, you can see there is another patch of skeletons and currently about five villagers that are just trying to tear through them. You see a couple of bodies of villagers that have recently been killed. There's one that's actually still partially alive on the ground. It's like dragging itself through the mud in your direction, like (gasping, grunting) Rain pouring down, there's a big trail of mud and blood currently behind him as he's making his way towards you guys. (gasp) "Help!" What are you doing, Grog? Okay, so you rush up to this guy. As you get up to him, you see his face is half-covered in blood; his side is very heavily wounded. It looks like he took some sort of a spear wound that then tore through his midsection. He has been bleeding out pretty heavily at this point and probably doesn't have much longer to him. As you bring Pike down below him, Pike, what are you going to do? What level? Okay, so go ahead and roll for that. All right, 3d8 plus five. 23? Okay, so as you reach forward, he looks up at you like he's seeing an angel walk towards him and looks scared. He's like, "No, not yet. Not yet!" And as you reach forward and touch the sides of his face with your smile of mercy and understanding, your warm hands touch the sides of his head, and the energy of Sarenrae's blessing pours through his body. You can see the insides of his armor begin to give this soft glow from where the wounds are as they close up. You can see the large gash in his side begin to stitch itself up magically, and at that point he takes a deep breath for a second and kind of turns over and is now in sitting position, breathing heavily, looking around himself, confused. "You... you're an angel. A bloody right angel." He reaches out for you with his hand forward. "Thank you." He gets up and he still seems sore and bruised and there's still wounds across his body, but he's no longer on the path to terminal loss of his life. He stands up. "Okay. Okay. Thank you." "Oh, I intend to." And he reaches over in the mud and finds his sword, wipes it off from the side, (war cry) turns around and rushes back in to the rest of his allies. Okay, you guys go charging back into the storm from the south side. (Skype sound) We've lost Pike! Technology. As you guys continue running forward, you go past two city streets. The whole city's dark now, it's closed down in preparation for what this evening is going to entail. So you go past these two streets to the left. Immediately, you hear the familiar sound of a large, heavy mass slamming into the ground, and as soon as you turn the corner you can see there are three people left in this one resistance brigade. There is a pile of wounded and/or killed soldiers around its feet, and it looks like it's been nearly untouched. This one apparently got the drop on them or at least they weren't fully prepared for what they were up against, and it's just swinging this giant club in the air around towards them. They're all kind of keeping their distance, not knowing if they should run or keep fighting. As you just turn around the corner, I want you guys to roll initiative. Fantastic. Should be fine there. She is turned this way right now. They're all keeping their distance at this point. All right. So. Initiatives for that. Oh. All right. All right, so. Initiatives are? SAM AND All righty. All right. Grog and Scanlan, you guys are up first. Okay, and how many total do you have on there? Okay, got you. So seven is the max you can hold for that. Okay. So you're using the last of yours for this, this is the last. Okay, got you. Okay. Got you. Then go ahead and roll for that. Well, for Magic Missile, you keep firing-- Yeah, you don't have to roll, they all hit automatically, that's the good thing about Magic Missile, it just hits. All right, so you create three darts, so it's 3d4 plus three, and then if you're casting it at 6th-level, you said? All right. That'll be an additional five darts. 8d4 plus eight. 25 points of damage to the giant. As you jump off Grog's shoulder, pull out your wand, it all of a sudden glows for a second, and from that point like a swarming anime missile storm, these unerringly hitting arcane missiles slamming into the sides of the giant. (growls) You can see bits of its flesh unfolding and spilling off to the side, exposing some bone underneath, as all of a sudden its attention shifts, looking over its shoulder at the three of you. As it begins to right itself, preparing being flanked on each side, a little bit of undead intelligence within its brain knowing how to defend itself. (growls) You're right here, on the side of Grog. Okay, so you're kind of hiding around the wall of the one of the buildings, and as you dart to the side, kind of glancing around the corner. All righty. Take your d10 inspiration. Grog, you're up. Hearing this beat in the back of your head as Scanlan's stomping his foot-- You guys are almost in the same position, there. Oh, you're spooning. Go for it. That hits. There's no other current combat target, so you can roll all three, it's fine. Hits. Hits. He's very slow-moving and a very large target, he's very easy to hit, thankfully. So as you rush up, first, what you got? 22, nice. Nice. Nice! (whack) You slam the hammer into the side of one of its calves. It buckles for a second and you can see the muscle itself kind of snap and a piece of bone is now jutting out of the side of its leg. With that, you swing the hammer around and slam it into the bone, actually jamming it deeper into its leg. (all yell) As you pull back, these slow flames kind of burning the outside, you can see the flesh sizzling with the impact of the burning hammer. Swing it once in your hand, whack! Onto the other side, this time the actual leg bursts out that side and it falls almost a little bit, it's sort of walking on this stump of a leg now, you pretty much destroyed the bottom half of its middle of its calf to its foot, it's just slumping over, the toe's still kind of wiggling on its own. It's now half on part of its leg as at this point it kind of rotates in place towards you now, using one hand to get around as it brings this club up. Looking up into its face now, as you haven't really had a close-up on this, it's strange to see, you see there are similar features, you've encountered stone giants this up close and this personal, there is where your brethren, your blood comes from. However, half of its face is torn off by some sort of large claw mark. Where there would be an eye is just this sunken socket and there are these streaks of dried blood that long before the rainstorm came are just smeared across the face, and part of its jaw is broken open and you can see jagged broken teeth underneath, its tongue lolls out the side and it just (undead groan) reaches up with its club to come on down. (laughs) All right, so the first, it's going to come down and strike you with this giant club-like piece of heavy wood and metal. That's a natural 20. That's an 18 plus nine, so it's-- Well no, that's to hit. All right, so. First strike comes at you for 16 points of bludgeoning damage, halved to eight. The other one comes to you at 14 points of bludgeoning damage, halved to seven. It looks very, very angry and very frustrated with the current circumstance. But you take each blow to the chest, showing off that strength you normally would do to something of your kin and ilk, even though it's not really living, old habits are hard to break. Finishing its turn, three resistance members rush into its side, as it's now turned to face you with its broken leg. Rushing in, strike it. Hits, hits, hits. All have short swords out and they're just stabbing it in the side of its body now that they have this opening and this distraction in the current moment. Five, five, five, which is 21 points of slashing damage. From all three of them just stabbing it with a blade in the side. That ends its turn, bringing it to the top, Pike, you're up. Yeah. Now it's your turn. Yep, everyone else went. It's your turn. Okay. You got this. So go ahead and make a ranged spell attack. Roll a d20 and add your spell attack modifier. Okay, are you casting it at 1st level or a higher level? Okay. All right. And what'd you roll? 17 definitely hits, so go ahead and roll 7d6 radiant damage. 7d6 radiant damage. Actually, this is a single-target spell, there's no radius to this. What's your total damage? 24 points of radiant damage. Okay. So as you stand there for a second, you pull your holy symbol up, kind of putting your shield to the side, and as you release your hand out in front of you, this beam of divine energy streaks out, slamming into the zombie giant. As it hits, it continues to burn like a stream into its body, searing the flesh in a path as it does. As it impacts, it leaves this glowing, pulsing divine symbol across its chest of Sarenrae. The next attack against it has advantage. No, the next person to attack it gets advantage. No, no, she was very precise with her impact on the giant. All right, do you want to move on your turn at all, Pike? Stay where you are, or do you want to move close to it? Okay, you'll stay where you are. Okay, you keep your distance from it, let Grog do his thing. Okay, that brings us to the top of the round. Grog, Scanlan, you guys are up again. (laughs) Okay. The thing is, you can use the minus five to hit plus ten to damage. It's what he's been doing. There you go. 16 hits. Once again, big target, not very hard to hit, just has a lot of hit points. 16 also hits. All right. All three hit. Okay. 25, all righty. 33 points of damage. All right. So as you swing the hammer upward, (whack) it hits along the side of its skull and you can see its skull actually cave in and crack a bit, bone and flesh scraped away. Where it cracks, you can see a bit of black brain mass begin to leak through. Using that, you spin the hammer around and hit it again the same place, (whack) finding the weak point, this time. Just the anger to smash through. (impact sound) It caves inward, and you can see bits of bone jam into its one semi-functioning eye. Its head now loosely pushed in on one side. The jaw hangs a little bit loose. The third strike, you come down, (whack) hit it from the other side. The jaw dislodges and goes flying off. But it's still standing. His head's still there. His jaw is dislodged. The lower half of his jaw is missing. It's just this open part. His tongue dangling loosely out of the bottom. Part of its head caved inward, just (deep zombie groan). Are you going to stay where you are, Grog? All right. Scanlan, you're up. You can move 25 feet, so five squares. You're a little gnome, dude. You have little legs. You can, but at pretty much every angle, you're going to hit somebody aside from the giant. What are you doing? He's tall. He's down a little bit because of the impact that Grog gave, but at a higher angle, you could probably hit him without hitting the other guy. You're William Wallace-ing it. All right, so 8d6 damage. Does not make its saving throw with a three. Very true. Sadly. 28 points of damage. All right. (lightning crash) The bolt of lightning shoots off into the sky, arcing through its body. You can see where part of its neck muscle was torn, it fuses into its shoulder from the impact of the bolt. (moans) Almost falls over from the blast. However, it catches itself and (grunts) gets right back up. It's looking pretty rough, but it's still keeping itself there, yeah. That ends your turn? All right, Pike. You get a d10 inspiration dice from Scanlan, a voice you've longed to hear for some time, as your friendship has been so far away. Take your 1d10. All right, so on the zombie giant's turn, it recovers from the bolt of lightning, looking at this large target in front of it, it sees this tiny little morsel and you see it brings up its leg that's partially destroyed and (heavy footsteps) begins to move forward just to there, to get you within range. It's going to move a little closer. It gets two attacks of opportunity from the guards behind it. That somehow actually misses with a two. That does hit, though, so it takes-- oh, nice-- eight points of slashing damage from one of the guards that, as it runs by, just swings out and slashes across its thigh. As it comes up towards you, it (zombie groan), its tongue dangling out, this horrible gurgling sound coming out of what is now technically its open throat. As it brings its club upward-- Okay. Is this your-- Cutting Words? Okay. All right, well it rolled a 21 to hit. For Cutting Words, you roll a d10 and subtract that from the attack roll, right? So, 20. Does that hit? All right, so (off-key horn noise, ping). (laughter) You take 20 points of bludgeoning damage from the first strike and your shawm is bent and (weak horn noise) not quite-- you'll probably have to buy a new one or get that repaired. You almost lost a tooth in the process. As you're like, (groans) from the impact, you pull back and you can feel already, the pulsing of the blood from the veins that have burst. It brings up its club one more time. (roars) That is going to be a 13. This time as it brings its club up, you see the arc, and you-- (whoosh) The swing is completely out of your view. (laughter) So that's seven points of slashing damage from the first one, and then the critical. Ooh, nice. And a six on that one, so that's 12, 14 points of slashing damage from the other guy. So both of the guards rush up. One of them misses entirely. One jams the blade to the hilt in the middle of its body and pulls out. The last one actually jumps up onto its back and takes the sword and slams it into its spine and drags it down. A really decent wound for anything not this big. On this size, it's a little gash, still, but it left a nice sizable wound and it opens up and this horrible smell comes reeking out. The guy almost vomits as he backs up, just (groans). The rot escaping from the wound. That ends their turn. Pike, you're up. Yeah, you'll have to use those to get up to him. All right. Actually, the open wound would be around here, but with Sprinter's Boots you can get there just fine, yeah. So you actually get around. All right, and you're technically flanking with Grog, so you have advantage on these attacks. So go for it. Roll to attack twice and take the higher of the two. I know you've been filming for a while. Okay, that's the higher of the two? Yeah, that definitely hits. Roll for the second attack because you can use your bonus action to strike because you're a war cleric. A total of nine? Add your attack bonus. Next to your weapon on your character sheet. It's okay! You're out of practice, girl. It's all good. You've been too busy being in someone's Blindspot. 17 again. There you go. Both hit. Go ahead and roll the damage for the mace plus, if I recall... 1d6 plus three, yep. You also have a Mace of Disruption, don't you? What was the effect on that one? Do you have the item with you? You also add an additional 1d8 damage to the first strike. It's not going to make that. It didn't make that. (laughter) Awesome. All right, so you're rolling 1d6 plus three, plus another 1d8, and how much did you say for that? Okay. So 3d6 plus three, and then an additional 1d8 for each strike. Undead, man. 3d6 plus three, plus an additional 1d8 radiant damage. For both attacks, yeah. Undead. Not for damage. That was just to hit. 23 on the first hit? Yeah. All right. The Mace of Disruption actually has a different effect. It's not about a frightened thing. If it has 25 hit points or fewer after taking this damage, it has to make a DC 15 wisdom saving throw, which it fails. So, as you rush up along the side of it, your Sprinter's Boots carrying you, this blur of divine gnomish energy. You see, through her somewhat shimmering, radiant form, the hair itself glistens against the rain. It almost doesn't even touch. Somehow immaculate in the middle of combat. You find it slow motion in your head, and for that brief moment, you remember how much it hurt to see her go and how happy you are to have her here. However, you, in the middle of your battle trance, Pike, rush up, shield ahead. You take the mace and, seeing the open wound, slam the mace in there once (wham). As you hit, the actual undead flesh burns away from the impact, leaving this ashy swath of missing flesh in its body. The creature gives out this weird, gurgly bellow (roar). Using that moment, as it rears back, how do you want to do this? (cheering) The magical power of this is essentially destroying the creature, so describe this however you want to, in your radiant cleric form. Okay. As he reaches back, you see this foothold on its knee as it's trying to keep itself aloft. You leap up, using your Sprinter's Boots, onto one of its knees. Jump in the air, dropping your shield and two hands on your mace, you leap in the air, slam it downward. As the mace impacts on the front of its chest, there's this brief moment of pause as it cracks into its flesh. Its head looks down at you, and there's a burst of divine energy as his entire torso (explosion) rips open. What would be organs within that exposed, however, are all also turned to ash as the body (death rattle) dissipates and disintegrates, falling into a puddle of liquid, messy, muddy ash and bits and pieces of remaining giant there. As Pike lands on the ground, 3-point landing, mace in one hand. Walks over and picks up her shield and looks over her shoulder at Grog and Scanlan. Yeah. (laughter) The three soldiers who are now there, looking dumbfounded at this moment, step forward and-- you look like fighters, except you have this glowing, divine entity amongst the three of you. He steps forward. "If I might ask, who are you, and how did you do that?" "You're with the de Rolos?" SAM and You're not there. "You're with the de Rolos?" "Then let it be done. Thank you for the save. We're going to gather our wounded and "prepare for the next attack." "All right. Men! Come!" And the three of them rush off. They gather up a few of their friends who are further down the road, all groaning and wounded, getting up and putting their arms over their friends' necks. Gathering the dead and pulling them off the middle of the road. You notice as they're pulling them off the road, each one of their dead friends, they're actually pulling out torches and lighting fire to their corpses. So what are you guys doing? Roll perception. Only during a short rest. 13. Not in this weather. Not in this city. Nope. Whitestone? Not really a beret kind of people. Like a sock. Sure! There's also no laundry left out during the middle of a rainstorm. It could be. Unfortunately, at this moment, no. You are unable to see any sort of a beret or could-be-fashioned-into-a-beret-type clothing piece. Oh, Grog's getting bold! All right, so as you guys go rushing towards the western side of the city to meet up with the rest of the group, the rest of you, rushing past the center of the town square, you go running through the rain to the far side. You can now see the form that you originally saw, Vax. One of these giants has been pushed back. As you get all the way to the eastern side, you're actually outside the city now; you're pushing into the forest on the outskirts. On the raised hill amongst this part of the town, just outside the wall, there is the temple of Pelor in the center of the large graveyard. You can see that this zombie giant has been pushed back. You can just barely see the crest of him currently slamming some sort of large metallic weapon around, right over the treeline, as you approach the outside gate of the graveyard itself. Okay. What's the range on Hunter's Mark? 90 feet. You're probably going to have to get a little bit closer. Okay, good to know. You guys all going stealth right now, or are you all rushing in? Okay. The gates are slammed open; part of the metal's bent inward, like whatever was pushing the giant back at this point had slammed through the gate. You feel pretty stealthy. All right, so as you guys all rush into the center here, looking about, you can see, this hefty graveyard that you visited about two days ago all of the graves are open. All of them are excavated and open, and you're starting to see where they're pulling a lot of these undead from. However, many of them being armored and armed means it wasn't a direct transition. They were probably pulled from here and given weapons elsewhere. But that's the first thought that catches your attention as you rush in here. Rain pouring down, the clapping of thunder in the distance. You can see, there are six of these soldiers that are currently hacking away at this one giant that's being pushed up towards the edge of the temple right now. It looks like it's cornered, but it's lashing out like a wild animal. Roll initiative, folks. You can now, yes. Along the side this way? Okay, so you'll be over here. Oh. (chuckles) All right, so 20 to 25? Anybody? 20 to 15? That brings us to-- Keyleth, what did you get? All right. The image of this whole thing-- even though it looks like it's currently surrounded, its giant form, barely damaged at this point, is still a very ominous thing that strikes a bit of fear in your heart, causing you to hold back on your initial assault. And also worrying about not knowing how the rest of your party is doing. Percy, you start this off right now. Okay. Actually, from this view, you can see it's actually a very large morningstar. All right. 16 does hit. All right, so as you get down to the ground, (gunshot blast) the echoing explosive shot fired from the Bad News slams up as it lifts its morningstar in the air. Two of its fingers get blown off its hand, and the morningstar tumbles (boof) onto the ground, nearly crushing one of the guards nearby, who barely manages to sidestep as it (boof, boof) lands on its side right outside the temple of Pelor. Well done. Yep, reload with your second attack. All right. 15 hits. Okay. What's the DC on it? Yeah. So, 18. All right. It rolled a 16 and has a plus four modifier on constitution, so it makes the save. TALIESIN AND Sorry. Yeah. (explosion) The blast took a chunk of its physical form. Splatters against the side of the temple. That ending your turn. It, having no hand at its disposal, it glances over with this slow turning head. (groans) Reaches over and grabs a big piece of the stone rubble that was destroyed from the corner of the temple. Picks it up over its head (grunts) and lobs it at you across the way. (whoosh, whoosh, whoosh) That's going to be a 21 to hit. That hits? You take 28 points of bludgeoning damage and have to make a strength saving throw. Yep. So it slams into you and knocks you off your feet, prone from the sheer impact. It rests on part of your arm and you have to (grunts) work hard to push it off. That will end its turn. 28. 28 points of bludgeoning damage. That ends its go. Vax, you're up. Okay. Vex? Okay, go for it. Roll for two attacks. Both 24s? Both hit, yeah. Roll damage for each. 2d6 on top of that. 37 points of damage. (arrows flying and landing) It slams into the knee itself, pushing out the kneecap a little bit from the side of its softened flesh. The other one (boof) sticks and disappears into its torso. You don't even see the impact. It pushes through the flesh and vanishes into its very large-- Okay. We'll say for the piece of impact here. Okay, roll a strength check. This is control over your strength on this one. 21? What did you roll? LAURA AND What's your strength? 17. I was going to say, you have minus two strength. I know that. It's okay. That's still enough. Gauging, pulling back on what little bit of focus you have as far as restraining. You're good at aim; restraining is something you have difficulty with. But you release the arrow, hitting at a very defined mark, shattering part of its rib there in the front, and the arrow sticking out by about a good six inches or so. You are not. Did you use your Boots of Haste at the end of last session? I feel like you used it. You could use a bonus action to dash, don't forget, as a rogue. Okay. So you run up, planting a foot on its thigh, leap in the air, grab onto the arrow that Vex left in its chest, whip upward, and while you're in the air towards its face, go ahead and make your attack. You only get one attack because you used your bonus action to dash. You do have advantage on this, if you wish to roll. You technically have him flanked with the other guy. That hits, definitely. 23 points of damage? All righty. So as you leap into the air, you bring the blade, slam into the center of its face, over one of the eyebrows. It slams into the skull, and using your weight, you tear down, dragging the blade across its face. The bone is brittle underneath its flesh, and it hacks part of its face open. The bone and teeth immediately become visible. Its jaw clenches and actually clamps onto your blade as it reaches the bottom of its face and you catch yourself there for a second, the horrible scent of its rotting flesh hitting your body. You manage to take your foot up, push off, pulling the blade out from under its toothy grasp, and you land on the ground right beside it. Big old jagged gash in the side of its face. Cool. All right. Now the rest of the guards are going to go. Oh, natural 20. These are the resistance members. 21 points of damage for the non-criticals. So, all the guards now seeing this opening and these sudden heroes rushing in to attack it use this opening. Some have shortswords, some have spears. They start jamming them into its sides, beginning to take chunks out of it and basically scraping away its form, its mass that is keeping it aloft through this necromantic enchantment. That ends their turn. Keyleth, you're up. Landed beside him now, after he pulled the blade out of its face. Correct. That'll put you just at 30 feet. Yeah, you can barely see Vax. Vax is hard to see, period, but you can barely see Vax at this point. Okay. He's currently up against the edge of the temple, yes. Just so you're aware, Heat Metal does 2d8 damage to him for holding onto it. It doesn't do additional damage. Okay. Just letting you know for future reference. So Vax, you immediately take 2d8 points of fire damage. And you have to make a constitution saving throw vs her DC, or you drop both of your daggers. Make a constitution saving throw. What's the DC on your spells? Both daggers just drop to the ground. As they both slam into the mud, (sizzling sound). She's not even watching. She's just concentrating on it. And then with your bonus action? Okay, so you open your eyes. So you're going to restrain him with a Grasping Vine. Yeah, make a dexterity saving throw or be pulled. It doesn't restrain, it just pulls them towards the vine. Since he's already against the wall, you can pull him away or toward. Read the spells! The information's right there! Because of his-- sure. All right. He fails on the DC. That's a total of ten. We'll say for the time being, he is considered grappled. You did something. You're welcome. You finish concentrating, you release the Grasping Vine, it pulls a little hard to the ground. You see its form go (groans). It doesn't look very happy, and you see Vax going, (gasps). There are these little cylinders of steam rising up from the ground where his daggers are currently (sizzling noise). That ends your turn. We're back to the top of the round. Percy, you're up. Okay, so you're prone. You're prone. The boulder knocked you prone. You can. You get up and use half of your movement. You're reloading and then shooting. 15 does hit. All righty. Okay, so this is the headshot? Okay. You've already used your action surge for the day. Oh, it is a short rest? Yeah, go for it. All right. His AC is eight, by the way. It's a big heaping pile of hit points. It's not hard to hit. You've attacked it enough that you gather it's pretty easy to hit. All righty. Go for it. All right. Now the giant, pieces missing out of its body, looks around and it reaches down and grabs-- yeah, it's going to use one of its attacks and grab the morningstar, and with its second act it's going to swing over towards you, Vax. You just slammed into its face with the dagger. Yes. An 11 and a one. Grappling just prevents movement, but yeah, he goes in and swings wide and you just duck out of the way, dodge off to the side. (boosh) It slams and gets stuck in the mud and there's a (sucking noise) horrible sucking sound as it has to pull it out of the ground with all of its might. That ends its turn. This giant's in a bad place. You're up. It's currently kneeled forward, just pulling its morningstar out of the mud. Okay. You take 2d8 points of fire damage. Roll it, Keyleth. You pick up the daggers, take the damage, lift them up to go in for the attack. Roll for the attack. All right. Seven, okay. I'll allow it. That's not usually how the spell works. I'll allow it for this circumstance. Since you're taking the damage to do the attack, I'll let it happen. Okay. So, as you're holding the daggers with the searing pain, you reach up, slash both daggers down into the front of its body and you drag across, you can see its chest breaks open and it (groans) stumbles backward, the air expiring from its throat. (roars) It pushes up against it, holding onto that shred of undeath that it currently has in its body, not falling to your measly blows. That ends your turn. Do you want to move at all? You used a bonus action for your second attack. Yeah, because you're not hasted. All right, go for it, Vex. First strike will be the Blazing Bowstring? Okay. All right. Hold on. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Okay, so as you release the arrow itself, you can feel the warmth licking the side of your face as the arrow heats up. Release it. It shoots through the air like a tracer dart, just (arrow whizzing). The giant, which is currently reaching back-- it has a palm out like it's going to try to palm Vax after the attack. As it reaches up, (groans) it just (arrow whizzing) into the back of the eye, and as it sinks inside its head, (thud) there's this dull thud sound, like the fire burst on the inside of its head. Its other eye (explosion) plumps out and hangs out the side as fire darts out from that open socket. Its jaw goes slack, and it begins to lurch forward towards you and the guy next to it. Both of you guys step back out of the way as it (moans, thuds) onto the muddy ground in front of you. Everyone takes a breath for a second. Yes, you see him currently putting out his hands. Okay. What level? Level two? Okay, so 2d8 plus six. So you heal 12 hit points. The guards who currently are checking to make sure it's dead. They're stabbing its body. Okay. You notice, they look like guards at first glance because the armor they're wearing is the same type of armor that the guards you've encountered here wear, but they're all, underneath the armor, wearing rags, farmer's clothing, whatever's available. It's still uniform armor and weapon design to anyone who's worked in Whitestone. You don't know because you're not there. (laughs) "Thank you. Thank you for coming and helping. That got a little hairy there, for a "minute. We didn't lose any of our men, thankfully, and that's thanks to you." He reaches up for a second and wipes this black blood stuck to his chin from the fight. "So. What's next?" "All right. What time?" "All right. Men." "Dawn. Dawn it is." Sheathes his weapon. The other men stand up, and one of them makes one final stab into the body of the zombie, like, "Yeah. Take that." They begin to walk back towards town. One of them goes, "Pelor. Right." Three of them run back to the doorway of the temple, and they all stop for a second and give a silent prayer to themselves, and then join the rest of their crew as they go walking back towards the city. Right now? It's hard to tell. It's about two hours past sunset. Make an investigation check. Glancing about, you notice that the coffins are still there at the bottom, but they're all open. The lids are off, and they're empty entirely. Whatever body is gone. Best you can glance about, the most that you can find, most of them are just laid to rest. One of them seems to be laid to rest with what looks to be a nice ornamental dagger of some kind that's left to their side. There actually is an undercroft in your castle. So you leap down into the grave... From what you can see from up there, it just looks like a fairly nice dagger, it has a little like gold sheen to it, and looks like there's gems encrusted in it from this distance. So you leap down into the grave, drop, your feet hitting against the wooden bottom of the coffin. Smells musty and it's been rained in heavily, so it's not as bad as it could be. It looks to be a pretty dagger. You reach for it and pick it up and look at it, it's lightweight, it's ornamental, it's not actually more of a functional-- Go for it, go for it. Natural 20? Okay. Take a look at it, there doesn't appear to be enough of a rune structure even on this dagger to give it like a formal enchantment. It looks ritualistic and ornamental. It's probably worth a pretty penny, but it is not a-- Climb back up out of the grave. Go ahead and make a wisdom check, just roll a d20, add your six to it. Yep. 12. Looking over the body, this entity and anything that would be functional on the stone giant's body is far rotted and necrosis has taken hold on a lot of the body parts. Nothing here would be of use in any way, shape, or form. Plus stone giants don't really have any magical components to their body, they're just larger humanoids. What small trophies you could take from it, you could sell here and there for a little bit of change, are also rotted and corroded by its undead form that it wouldn't be worth it. (laughs) This is true. All right, so what's the plan? All right. So you guys-- Okay. As you pull the dust out of your pouch, you look at it, and it's turned to just sand. It seems that the Dust of Tracelessness is effective when only pulled and used directly out of its pouch-- If taken out remotely and left on its own for a while, it becomes magically inert. Yes. This is one of those few circumstances where Percy's almost more helpful than you are as far as making your way through. The two of you together? Very helpful. You guys have been making your way through the city, making westward to meet up with the rest of the party against the wall on the western side of Whitestone. And with that, we're going to go ahead and take a quick bathroom break, bring in some snacks. So hang tight, guys, we'll be back here in just a minute. Welcome back, everyone. So. Picking up where we left off, eventually, the longest-traveling group would be the one that went all the way to the Zenith, the temple of Pelor. Eventually, the rain still heavily coming down, you guys keeping warm and out of the way to the far, far western wall, kind of keeping behind a bush. The rest of the party arrives, the gnomes and goliath barbarian waiting for you as you approach. (laughter) So. The rest of you guys gather, what are you doing? What's your plan? Okay. (laughs) You go and hug her, and it's one of those things where because her form, it feels like you're grabbing almost a warm, energetic gelatin in a way, like her form isn't purely physical. And there is this hot wind that wraps around her and her hair is drifting a little bit. There's something, her physical form is very strange here. You had received a letter from Allura, from Emon, if you recall. Her form shimmers for a second, almost like the energy that keeps her corporeal in this location for a moment flickers, and then she is restored to her form. You get the sense that-- That she's not actually physically here. This divine projection is a channeling of Sarenrae's power keeping her here for the moment. That really terrible one that doesn't work well? Okay. Are you guys coasting within the city's walls, or are you moving outside of the city's walls? Okay. So you find your way a little bit southward-- Stealthing, to make your way outside of the city, into the forest surrounding the outskirts of Whitestone. Make a stealth check, guys. This is without the plus ten bonus because you don't have any more spells. Grog? Okay. You rolled a ten? Okay. All right. As you guys move into the forest, the boughs of the trees do help offset some of the rain, but there is still some rain making it through, and there is a heavy drip through the leaves you start pushing through. You make your way out, I'd say a good five minutes to the west of the city before you start heading northward, both Percy and Vex taking lead on this. You, being the natural stalker. You, knowing these lands quite well. As Percy presses along, coughing and keeping his eyes peeled, you press on for about 30 minutes to the north. The rain begins to subside a little bit, and you can hear the occasional (cracking noise) sound of these strange growling, cat-like noises. You know that some of the indigenous creatures of the Sierras-- You've heard this before. It's nothing terribly dangerous. They're just natural cat-like creatures that live in the trees. Ocelot-like. They're indigenous to this region; that's them communicating. It's initially off-setting, but you keep pushing forward. I would have both of you guys make survival checks. That's true. And you would have advantage, actually, because you know this area. 14? Okay. The two of you, working together on this-- it takes you an hour or so before you eventually get further enough north and out of the outskirts of Whitestone where you begin to see the rising platform, the small central forest mesa that the castle Whitestone is built upon. You can see, through the heavy cloud cover, what little bit of torch light is visible from some of the castle interior in the distance. It's this ominous dark shape outlined against the cloud cover above you. Okay. Did you get that, Ashley? So, pressing on, eventually catching the edge of that mountain. That, to you, is the inclination; you know this area very well, spending most of your time living around this castle. You gesture for the rest of the group to follow you up towards the edge of this central mountain platform that the castle's upon. Eventually, coasting along the side-- I want you to make an investigation check, Percy. 16? Okay. Pushing forward, you spend a good 20 minutes walking back and forth. You're pretty sure that this is where the entrance is, and looking along this area, you make your way to the northern side of this mountain. No entrance seems to be appearing to you. There's no opening. There's no doorway. It was a cavern exit that was loosely hidden by a series of bushes that were clustered around it. Okay. About ten minutes of you guys searching as you travel southward among this... okay. You guys watch along the wall, and nothing seems to be catching your eye. You notice that there's a portion of the mountainside that is looser rock. Everything here is solid, long-eroded through weather and time. There is one section that appears to have more of a crumbly, loose rock that forms the lower portion of the wall. Okay. Make an athletics check. 18, okay. You go over and start pulling the rocks away. A lot of the ones at the very surface are pretty small and you're pushing them aside and rolling off. Eventually, you start getting to the base of this area and you can see now, there are a cluster of bushes that have long died and are crushed under these rocks. This would be similar to the placement of where the bushes were that originally obscured the crawlspace that led into this tunnel. Sure. Go for it. 21? Inspecting this, the pattern in which it fell was very localized, which leads you to believe-- Yeah, this was blasted or was intentionally done to demolish this exit as opposed to a natural fall. At this point in time, you've pulled through a few of the larger rocks, and you roll them over and you do reveal a small tunnel. About 15 minutes of pushing this stuff out of the way before you eventually find it, and it's probably a good ten feet inward. It's tight, but you can start moving in there. Okay. You make your way into this lower tunnel. A bit sharp in there. Black as night; no light source. The ground itself is very dry, which is a nice change from the rather wet exterior awaiting you outside. It generally smells musty and seems disused. And very dark. Okay. You take the dagger. With the flickering light along the blade, it lights up the area. The tunnel widens up to roughly eight to ten feet wide and seems to curl forward before disappearing around a gradual edge about 50 feet ahead of you. It's about six feet tall, so the taller of you folk are going to have to crouch in, but it's about six feet tall, about eight to ten feet wide, and that continues to curl deeper in towards the mountain. Yeah. No more than maybe five feet off this mountain line, the forest grows immediately dense. If you crawl inside to look... As you guys all may your way inside, glancing about-- make an investigation check. Okay. Make a sleight-of-hand check. Okay. Yeah, there's been no footsteps in here for quite some time. As she's saying this, you look over and Scanlan almost looks at you directly and goes like-- He grabs your wrist and stops you. Dagger's retrieved. You're in the tunnel right now. You can move a few. There's no boulders quite large enough to fully close it off. You can do it; it will take you a little bit of time, but you can do it. Okay. The tunnel continues and curves out of sight, about 50 feet in. Okay. Let's see how long that lasts for. Yeah, it lasts for eight hours. Yes, you can. All right, so as you guys are having this conversation, Pike grabs her holy symbol for a second, closes her eyes, and focuses, and the energy around her, that slightly drifting, ethereal divine energy, seems to shift away from her for a second and then coalesce into what looks like a floating, ghostly, armored entity that apparates in the air beside her. Her form once again becomes whole, and she looks towards it and gives it a nod, and the armored entity seems to acknowledge with a strange head nod and then turns towards the inner side of the tunnel and begins patrolling a small section of the tunnel on its own. You can make a medicine check on him. You haven't made one. 17? Okay. You take a moment to inspect Percy, looking at his features, checking his pulse, and generally getting a sense of his life force in general. His eyes are sunken, his jowls are shadowed. From what you recall of Percy, he was always a seemingly-healthy, if on the thin and pale side, individual. Doubly more so than you've ever seen him. There is an unrest to his energy, and there is no physical, natural illness or discernible disease, but there is something unsettling about his presence that you've never sensed before. You can try it. Lesser or Greater Restoration. Yeah, if you want to. So what are you casting? Lesser or Greater Restoration? Okay, so Pike reaches up. You grab his face again, and you close your eyes and concentrate. Her hands begin to glow with an extremely bright vibrance, even moreso than her gently luminescent form right now. It's almost like there's a blowtorch of radiant energy right around his jaw. The rest of her form almost seems to put so much energy into it that her legs begin to dissipate and vanish, almost like she's putting all of her energy into this moment, the rest of her body fading into the grasp. You feel this warmth wash through your entire body, and for a brief moment, for the first time in a number of weeks, there's a moment of serenity to you. Your eyes instinctually close, and for a second, you feel like you're standing next to Pike in a void of darkness. As that warmth hits, Pike, you sense something there. You sense a seed of darkness. There's something in him that you can almost reach out and grasp, and in that imaginative space, you do. You thrust your hand out and grab onto it, and it's taut, and it's fighting, but you pull and wrest it forth, and as you do, you feel it burn and dissipate. At which point, both of you guys open your eyes, breathe in succession with each other. The energy fades from your hands and your form goes back to its full, radiant physicality. You can remove a corruption point from yourself. Yes. He's still looking a little sickly, but definitely improved. No, you just lose a corruption point. The cough is still there. Roll a stealth check. You have no idea what a corruption point is, but you removed some point of corruption in his body. Almost like a small seed of sentient tumor, you removed from him. It's a compounding thing. Yeah. They're not specific. You don't know. You have no idea. Yeah. How dare you? No, it's fine. While this is happening, Vax has vanished ahead into the tunnel on his own. You guys look around and realize that he's nowhere to be seen. Okay. Vax, pushing ahead. Thankfully, in the darkness, you have a little bit of vision, limited as it is. Make a perception check. As you turn around the corner, you lose the light source. Okay. You continue around the edge, and the tunnel evens out for a bit and then goes straight, and then curves again to the left. Following that, it curves again to the right. You can keep going, or you can head back. You've traversed about 60 or 70 feet in this tunnel. You keep pushing towards this tunnel and turn to the right. You travel a bit further forward, and as the tunnel makes another sharp right turn, you see all of a sudden where the dirt stops and there is solid, smooth stonework a broken portion of what looks like the back side of a wall of some kind. You see nothing beyond it. It looks like there is a piece of stone something pressed against it, and looks like some other things are stacked, basically covering this entrance. Make a perception check. 21. You take a minute, close your eyes, and take in all audio you can. Stillness. Quiet. Nothing. It's already sealed. Grog already sealed it. Yeah. He pulled rocks into it and closed the exit. Make a sleight-of-hand check. Grog? What's your passive perception? Okay. Okay. As you step away, there's a (snort) as your nostrils are stopped up now, and the airflow is impeded partially from the way you're used to. You begin breathing heavily through the mouth in reaction. Yeah. One beans you in the side of the temple. Is there, just keeping ever vigil for the next eight hours. Are you guys taking shifts, or are you leaving it to the guardian? Roll a sleight-of-hand check. Grog, roll a perception check, just for the hell of it. Deftly blended in with the tattoos, unless those who are aware, there are strange new series of markings across Grog's face that he may not notice for quite some time. Oh, how detailed. You don't know. (laughs) Oh! All right. You guys go to sleep? You look back over at Keyleth, and she's asleep. Are you going to sleep at all? You stay up for the two hours. There doesn't seem to be much incident whatsoever. There's that gentle draft coming through from some of the cracks in the stones that were set up to block the entryway. It was not a perfect hole, of course, just enough to not arouse suspicion. There is cold air seeping through. You can hear the rain muffled in the distance, and there's a little bit of a leak coming through from where the stones were set up to block the entrance. Eventually, sleep comes to you. It is a strange lulling sound. Everyone sleeps, relatively comfortably for being in the middle of a stone tunnel. You have dreams again. Dreams, images, flashes. Flashes of your family hanging from the Sun Tree. It never happened, but your mind creates the image for you. You see flashes of your sister screaming out to you as the arrows take her in the chest. You see a flash of what looks like a skull, a skull face. The skull brings itself to where you focus on one of its ocular sockets, and blood begins to pour from the socket. Flash to black. A familiar voice rings out again "Do not forget our deal." Cold morning air comes to you as you all slowly come to consciousness. Uncomfortable, kinks in your back. It's not the best place to sleep, but the bare minimum of the long rest is achieved throughout the evening. As you all eventually come to and check and make sure everyone's okay, you awake, a little unnerved. Pike is just waking up. She's still there. Her image, you can see, in her sleeping state, is diminished. When she comes to consciousness, it almost flares up again. Her presence here is purely a force of will, and that connection is a very tenuous one. I would like everyone to make a constitution check. Five. All righty. The DC on this is not as high. Everyone but Keyleth passed. Keyleth, as you wake up, there's a general cold sensation within your body, and you feel like there's really no way to keep warm, no matter how hard you try and bundle up. You even use a bit of Druidcraft to create a bit of sparkling warm fire that you use to keep your hands set, and the cold doesn't seem to go away. Okay. Your hands are shaking unnaturally, and there's a general chatter to your teeth. You have disadvantage on any dexterity ability checks. Skill checks. Wouldn't affect attacks. I will say it doesn't really affect initiative, per se, but if you were to try to do any delicate handwork, you would have disadvantage. You've gained a modicum of experience while you were away from the party, just at a slower rate, so you are at a lower level than the rest of the party. Not by a terrible amount, but you'd be level 11 by now, probably. Clerics do have access to Heroes' Feast. Correct. So you would have one 6th-level spell. If you wanted to, you could prepare that as your prepared 6th-level spell for the day. That is your choice, Pike. A sigil. (laughs) Yeah. True. So, Heroes' Feast, Heal. You've got to pick one. All right, so mark off your other thousand gold chalice that you had purchased beforehand. I think you're out now, aren't you? She has one more. It's being used right now. She'd purchased two before you left. I would think probably not. You hand over the chalice to Pike. Pike, you take the chalice and you set it down before you. You mark a symbol in the dirt in the center of this tunnel in the shape of a giant rectangular table. You take your holy symbol, remove it from your neck, and thrust it into the ground at the head of the table. With that, dust kicks up as seemingly out of nowhere, this giant table and feast just (fwoosh) rises. No, but holy shit, it's delicious. It is very good. Benches around and available. You all sit around it and dig into the most delightful mid-tunnel, cold sub-castle breakfast you've ever had. So you guys all, for the next 24 hours, have advantage on wisdom saving throws, and I believe it's 2d6? Is that what it was, Marisha? I'll look it up right here. Heroes' Feast. Nope, 2d10. Everyone, roll 2d10 and add that temporary hit points to your HP value. That includes you, too, Pike. So roll 2d10 and that's temporary hit points on top of your regular hit points. Meaning once those go away, they cannot be healed back. Yep. Yep. You're immune to poison. And you get advantage on all wisdom saving throws. Heroes' Feast, motherfucker! Immune to fear and poison. Oh, such a good spell. Very expensive, but damn if it hasn't been clutch. It is not raining, currently. The sky is still cloudy and dark. Yeah. Okay, so with Grog's help, you move some of the rocks out of the way. You get a visual of the sky. You lean out, focus, cast your Skywrite spell-- mark that spell off-- and as you coalesce the clouds to be extremely dark and to form the de Rolo crest symbol in the sky. As that happens, you begin to see, about two minutes later, little beacon lights begin to ignite across the city lanterns and torches being lit. It looks like, as it is probably an hour past dawn, that the surviving remainder of the Whitestone rebellion is raring itself to attack. You may raise your glass and drink if you'd like, Ashley. There we go. (laughs) As you guys finish your drink, the Heroes' Feast slowly sinks back into the dirt, leaving the empty tunnel before you. The slight cold sound of drifting wind through the now freshly barricaded rock exit of the secret passageway begins to reach your ears. What do you wish to do? Okay. Using the veritable torchlight from Keyleth's burning hands, you guys press down the hallway, Vax taking point. Eventually, you get to the end of the hallway. There's a portion of the stone wall that has been chiseled out. It's not very smooth; it's rough in the way it was constructed, but there is definitely about a foot-thick wall that would go to the right and left of you in the dirt that has been chiseled and broken through to reveal this passageway that you guys are traversing. Immediately on the other side of this opening, now that you have a better look at it, it looks to be some sort of stone sculpture or statue of some kind. Bless you. You do. This statue is one of the large things used to hide this exit, and it is normally shoved out of the way. There are a few other boxes immediately adjacent to it, and from what little bit you can glance past it, it looks like this section is used for storage of some kind and is filled with whatever random crates and whatever needed to be placed down here to keep it out of the way. Sure. There you go. As you step up and inspect the back of the statue, the stonework is very well done, and there is a very, very faint magical essence to this statue. It's so miniscule, and the only reason you're able to pick it up is you're so fine-tuned to seeking out that presence. It doesn't have a specific form; it doesn't have a specific school of magic applied to it. It just has a general, faint magical aura. It's carved out of the white stone. Correct. It doesn't appear to have any sort of strong magical presence for a specific purpose. You don't think so. Okay. It's all pressed against the wall. The widest gap is about that wide. You're going to have to push or shove things out of the way. All the crates are pushed up against it, blocking the whole exit. Make a strength check. Natural one? Grog cracks his fingers and grins, stepping up. Goes to push the statue, and then pop! Something in your lower back gives, and (groans). The air escapes your lungs, and it's been a long time since this injury has crept up, but you threw your back out a little. Trinket, who, at this point in time, by the way guys, takes up a large portion of the tunnel-- Pushes past you guys and turns around and puts his rump against it and starts backing up into it. (moans) Go ahead and roll a d20. Add two to the roll. Yeah. (laughing) Perpetually defeated by passageways and entrances. All right. Everyone but Grog can help in this. Grog, you're out for this one. Yeah, adding your strength. As you give it a good solid try, the force of you guys combined; there is just a lot of weight pressed up against this statue with the crates on the other side. This storage room is very full, and you find Vox Machina, for all of its journeys, battles, victories, and celebratory events, bested by a room of clutter. Pike, did you want to give it a shot? Okay, Pike. Roll a d20 and add your strength modifier. Plus your strength modifier? All right. As you guys all take a moment to have this discussion, Pike steps forward, her hair drifting behind her, buoyant in the air. She steps up and centers herself. Sets her shield to the side, puts her mace down, closes her eyes, puts her hands on the statue and just (grunts) begins to shove and push. As she does, you guys hear (stone scraping noise). The crates begin to push and move out of the way, and she pushes the statue a good six feet ahead, pushing some of it out of the way, leaving a little bit of opening and a visual walkway into this basement area. Trinket gives a (grumpy grunt). Trinket is really good at massages. Trinket begins going, (grunts) stepping on you (cracking) and you hear-- I'm going to have you roll a stealth check-- With disadvantage. Because of Grog's moaning at the massage. (laughs) Okay. All right. You disappear in. It's very dark in here; there's one sconce that appears to be giving a bit of flickering light across the way. As you step out of this chamber into what looks to be two paths that go to the right and the left and then curve and disappear. Right across from you appears to be a central room or space. You can make a little bit of visual around you, but best you can see is there are a series of bars. Like cells, arranged across some of the walls here. You appear to have stumbled upon the subterranean Whitestone dungeon or prison. Correct. Here, this will be a good perspective for you. That's where you guys came through. And see this path here? And here. And there are cells on this side. Oh, you're in the storage room? Make an investigation check. Okay. There's a lot of broken building materials. 18? Okay. Looking around, you see there's work materials. There's pickaxes, there's crowbars, there's things that are used in various tool-based means throughout the uses of a castle. Most of them are for grounds repair and things like that; nothing particularly interests you. There are a few crates that have residual whitestone in them, but it appears that most of it has been used or taken elsewhere. Like dust and small rocks here and there. Sure. Okay. You, seeing both of those paths-- Yeah, around the way to your left, you see that's the source of a little bit of sconce torchlight. Okay, as you're moving forward, you hear behind you the sound of crates shifting, lids moving, because searching through a room of large clutter and crates makes noise. You take a few steps and that happens and you're like, and you hear echoing from around a corner a voice go, "Hello? Is someone there?" This really crackly dry voice. "Hello?" (laughter) From what you can tell, no. The only dim light is coming from around that corner, from the source of where that sound seemed to come. Right. Nothing immediately in your visual perspective. If you go all the way to the edge, you can look past the corner if you want. Okay. Perception check. Okay. Listening for a second, you hear what sounds like some shifting, like a body shifting over some sort of low crumbling. Sounds almost like grasses or hay or some sort of soft bedding is being shifted a little bit. You hear a clink of metal of some kind, you're not sure quite what the source is, and a couple of other small shifting and grinding sounds of metal. Comes to a halt. Very much so. This is where you woke up, where Cassandra pulled you-- You right now are staring off into space, because you recall the last time you were here you woke up in a cell next to a cell that contained a pile of bodies of previously related members of your family before Cassandra ushered you out. Okay. So as you guys are having this conversation, Percy just starts walking-- Okay. Everyone who wishes to be stealthy can be stealthy. Okay. Everyone roll stealth. We'll keep with your consistent roll, currently. Okay. With plus ten? All right. Only it would be like (whoosh) what'd you get, Grog? Okay. You guys all move as a group forward. Pike, what'd you get? Yeah, roll your stealth, girl. Plus ten to it. No. You guys push down the left hallway or the right one? The cell that would've been yours would be kind of on the opposite side of the room from you, on the other side. The fastest way would be taking the left path towards the light source. Okay. So you guys head that direction, kind of following Percy-- Yeah. You move towards the light. You guys turn around the corner and look. Not in the cell you were in, but across the way, because there are six cells, three on each side of the hallway facing each other, and on the far cell on the outside-wall side of it, you see there's a torch sconce that is lit and just slowly crackling. It's almost reached ember period, like it's about to be changed out, probably. And inside you see, sitting just squat on the ground, in a cell by herself, this woman facing away, back up against the bars and that's all you can see. She's facing away from you guys, her back is up against the bars. She's kinda-- Turns her head and looks over, and it's the first time you see her face. Much older woman, probably in her early seventies or so, but seventies living in a not very-- seventy years in a hard life, so very deep, sunken wrinkles. The skin is very weathered. Her hair is mostly whitish-gray with a little bit of you can see remaining reds and browns in it, at some point she might've had much brighter-colored hair. Her clothing is pretty ragged, and she leans over and looks to you guys, squinting her eyes in the darkness. "All right. Who is this?" She's still kind of looking out into the darkness. She can't see you guys really. She just hears your voices. "Who are you?" She's being very guarded right now and very spooked. "I'm Gloria. Gloria Cyn." "How'd you find your way in here?" She looks very confused at you. "Are you friend or foe? Do you work with the Briarwoods?" Do all of you step forward at this point, or is it just you? "A bear?" "Who is that?" Okay, roll insight. 24, okay. I mean, she's in a cell in a dungeon and looks to be fairly spooked but also guarded. Not much to read beyond the fact that she's an old woman in a dungeon. I mean, she's definitely staying guarded in the circumstance, but you're not picking up any sort of strange animosity. And all these voices are coming out of the darkness, she's like, "I came up from Dryna to ask "why the waters are growing brackish. Fish float downstream, dead, and taste of ash these days. "Delilah laughed and threw me in here, saying I'm a fair better offering than a fisherman. That's the "last I know. I've been here for over a week." "They brought me into the main grand throne chamber to speak with the lord and lady. They "ushered me through the halls and we waited about an hour for them to arrive. Apparently they were "busy elsewhere. There was a brief discussion. They laughed at me and threw me in here." "There were many guards. I'd heard of dark things happening in this castle, but when I was "escorted through, I saw things in the courtyard, shambling things, things that should not be alive. "Tens, dozens. I did not feel right at that moment, and then, well, my fate was brought into this "terrible cell." She kind of looks about. "Every now and then." "Every day or so they bring enough to subsist on." Do you have the Detect Magic spell? I mean, what are you-- Arcana's more inspecting a close area to see if there is the nature of an arcane enchantment or something on it, you don't actually like sense it. What are you doing, Keyleth? She grabs them as soon as they come through the cell and grasps them to herself. "You're very kind." "I have not seen or heard anyone else. Occasional wails, soft, mournful moans, but I stay "quiet. I stay very still." "Would you please let me out?" "If there is war, then that's the time to leave, when there is distraction." "I can run. I made it up here north, didn't I? I've lived in these lands for quite some time, "I know how to survive." "Please. Please don't leave me. I don't know what's going on." You can check the cell door. "At least take the fate into my own hands. I don't mean any wrong here, but I have no reason to "really trust you, either. How can I show my trust, how can I--" "I can be quiet. Do not leave me here to waste and die. What if you don't succeed? What if "you fall in whatever folly you're making away into this castle for and I waste away down here myself? "Please." "Please." You're the only one who's out of the light now? Right, but everyone else is still in the shadow, all these voices coming at her. Okay. She steps a little closer to you as you're holding the whip out, and she grabs your hand with her left hand and kind of pulls it in and goes, "Please. Don't leave me here. I can fend "for my own. Just don't leave me here." Make an intimidation check. She shrinks back. She still hasn't looked away from you, and she kind of looks at you for a second and (heavy sigh) sits down, frustrated, at the bottom of the cell and just, "Then go. Leave "me. Useless." Anything else you want to do? You skitter around the corner. Go ahead and make a perception check. Okay. Looking about the cells, they all appear to be empty. You do catch a couple of rats skittering through some of the brush. Nothing that really is the source of that scraping metal sound. You go around the way and there's another set of cells. Nobody else in the other cells. You heard it echoing around the other hallway, so it could be amorphously from the same source that she came from, or near the cell. Since you left the symbol up there? 20 minutes. Yeah, there is, past her cells, a-- Now that you've been through this whole thing, you can see now-- She's in this cell over here. You've come around here and you can see there are two cells this way, a cell this way, and then these sets of cells. There is a stairway that curves upward-- This one right there. She brought it to her, but she didn't eat it immediately, no. No. Okay, you go through every cell. There is nobody living in them. You do see a few of the cells have long-decomposed corpses. Piles of bones, mostly picked clean by the rats or whatever creatures live in here. But from your best knowledge of decomposition through your experiences, nothing fresher than like the past year, maybe. (laughs) Okay. She goes, "I was fed naught but this morning, I have to make this last." "No. But if you eat it all at once, you have nothing to keep you over until the next time." She gives you a strange look. Takes some of the rations and breaks it off. "It's not the finest of stone fish, but it'll do." "Why are you so spiteful, giant man?" Could I ask what for? Could I ask what for? Unfortunately, your form here is incorporeal, there is no blood flow from your current body. Back in Vasselheim there is, yes. Okay. "What's wrong with you?" She turns her head curiously and looks disgusted and disturbed by this display. Very confused. "I know not which madness has taken you." "Please. Please, I implore you, just open these gates. Let me fare for my own fate." "She. You. You, please." Okay, Vax walks towards the stairs. The rest of you guys? Okay, as you're going for the lock, she rushes up and helps you with it and is holding, like, "Yes, yes, please, just like that. All right." "You turn it this way. You don't have the proper tools for this--" "Foolish girl!" Make a perception check. 26. When she went up and grabbed the lock with you, her hands grabbed the lock. You only felt one hand. You're not there. The worst. But anyway. We are going to leave it there-- (shouting) So now Whitestone Castle has been infiltrated, the real path to the seeming end is on. We will continue this next week Thursday. Yeah, we're stopping. When do you have to be on set, Ashley? Ashley... See that's, that's a true friend player right there, guys. I know. Well thank you, Ashley, for joining us. Thank you so much. Really appreciate it. Yeah, let us know if you can make next week, please. Yeah. Have a good night. Good luck. And you guys, thank you so much for coming and watching our craziness every week. Once again, blown away by the generosity of all the Critters and folk from our Critmas last week. That episode will be up tomorrow, and for those who didn't get a chance to see the ridiculous generosity and absurdity that is you guys in all of your amazement, check it out. And thank you for giving to charity, thank you for everything you guys do, and thank you for watching us be silly and rolling dice every week. Yeah. Rock it out. What? That's awesome. That's awesome. Check it out, follow her on Twitter.