(as Victor) Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, our Halloween edition. Where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Hi. Tonight we will astound you with spooky tales. I don't know what's going to happen as we are just going to continue the game that we normally play. Welcome, I'm Matthew Mercer, dungeon master. (laughter) Guys, I want to give a quick thank you to Amazon for delaying all my orders, making me put my costume together last minute out of shit I found at Home Depot. So, thanks, Amazon. It's fantastic, I appreciate it. All right, anyway. I guess we should go through everyone else's to see the magnificent costumes around us. Let's go and start over here with our fantastic-- All right, Liam. Thank you, Liam. That's awesome. Laura! You're both dead. You're destroyed. You're dead. You're somewhere-- Yeah, you're having a real rough week right now is what you're having. (as Victor) Parts of me. (laughter and cheering) Yeah. Thanks guys, thanks for coming. We shall get into our announcements for the evening. I need my hand to do that. This is, by the way, pre-finger loss Victor. As I know there will be some purists out there like, why does he have all his fingers on his right hand? Matt, you're so inaccurate to your own character. All right, so first and foremost, tonight's episode is sponsored by Loot Crate. We've got an unboxing to do here with their last theme here. But before we get to that, Sam did you want to-- Marvel as Sam slowly becomes Bill Cosby. (Cosby impression) You see! Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Loot Crate! Yeah, open your Loot Crates. That's pretty badass. Negan shirt. Well done, Liam, well done. Regrettable Supervillains. There you go. Thank you very much, Loot Crate, for sponsoring us. You can go to lootcrate.com/criticalrole. That would have been impressive. Next up, let's see. GM Tips. We now have the second episode that just went up on YouTube. They go up a couple of days early on Alpha if you want to check that out. The most recent episode deals with improvisation, dealing with the unexpected. I'm a big fan of this new run. We get to go a little more in-depth with the elements of running your own games at home. So, if you're a GM, check them out. They come out every week, we have new ones coming out for the next six or so weeks. I can't remember how many episodes we did. So, for a while, so every week, a new one coming. Alpha on Tuesdays or Wednesdays, and then on Thursdays on YouTube, so check that out. Next up here we have Titanfall 2 came out! It's fun. I play Jack Cooper, your protagonist in the single-player campaign. It's basically a future buddy cop film with a giant robot. Thank you. (as Victor) It's how I like it! I'm like this the entire game! And that was the end of Tyriok. (laughs) Oh god. Next up, our Critical Role Halloween costume contest finishes next week. Halloween night is the last time to submit so if you have a Halloween costume if you haven't finished yet, get it finished, put up some photos with the hashtag #criticalcostumes on Twitter. We will be judging those in the coming week and giving you guys prizes and rewards and all the silliness that we can try and produce for you because we're excited. So many good things are already out there. You guys have been crazy! I believe you already have, and you can win all of your shirts back. Fantastic. Marisha. There is a new Signal Boost episode. I stare at a mirror. It's fun. Travis. How about Talks Machina? Brian is awesome. Hai! That's all the major business announcements. The final announcement, for those who weren't paying attention to social media. Yeah. Take your glove off. (as Victor) So excited! (as Victor) Only parts of it. That's not going to be a thing. But we have already decided on our date. All the limericks in one. You've now done a tiger outfit twice. Two different tigers. All right. On that note, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Halloween Critical Role. [dramatic music] Jumped the gun. So! As you guys reconvene towards Scanlan's Magnificent Mansion to prepare for the next leg of your journey, what do you wish to do? Correct, you guys are. So you've gathered to go ahead and make-- Yes, for the restoring some of the farmland, yeah. Which as you complete the entirety of the spell, you watch as the rest of the snow melt begins to turn to water, and you watch as the land itself grows more fertile and the crops begin to pop forth. Like you began to see when the ritual initiated itself. With the completion of the land cleansed, you are free to go to the next length of your journey. Marty! Okay. Happy Halloween. All right, you take a short rest to set your-- (laughs). What else do you guys wish to do? What's the next step in your journey? As you focus and touch the outside of the tree, you watch as this small, familiar portal begins to tear its way through the outer bark of the nearby trunk. From there, as you reach through the magic creating this portal between you and Whitestone, you hear the voice echo in the distance, "I hear you." And thus, the temporary doorway between here and Whitestone is open. The rest of you guys rush through, with Kima and Pike in tow, you make your way into Whitestone itself. At this point in time, it looks like it's fairly late in the afternoon. It's still day here, that's a day, eight hours there. Actually no, it would be pretty early morning by here. At this point, you step out and the sky is starting to come to light. You see the blue slowly transitioning into a light orange to a yellow as the sunrise is making its way over the mountain range that surrounds the outside of Whitestone. You're met with a few wandering guards that wander through the town that acknowledge your presence, but it is your call as to what you wish to do now. It seems like it hasn't suffered any sort of incursion or attack, yeah. There is a treasury vault in the Whitestone castle. All right, Pike says she's going to go and check in with the temple and make sure everything there is taken care of and situated. Kima leaves with you guys towards the Whitestone castle. As you make your way up, you get to the very outside of the castle at the time the sunrise finally breaks the mountain range and you see the sun coming in. What little bit of mist begins to slowly burn off of the surrounding forested area. The cold, brisk morning air is immediately met with that warm ray of sun hitting you and it's welcoming both to be returning to a place of comfort but also the transition into day itself is a very warm and welcoming experience. As you step towards the front, there are four guards at the front gate. They step aside to let you in. As you step into the main foyer of the area, you already see a familiar sight. You see there waiting, arms crossed, leaning against the wall, Seeker Asum. Yeah, still acid-pocked scar across the right side, ruining the tattooed face. The rest of the castle seems relatively quiet at this time, as it is very early. Within the actual foyer of the castle, yes, the main entrance area. As you guys begin to step inside, Seeker Asum steps in your direction. Steps in your direction, and Kima is already taking a brisk walk in that direction and goes, pointing outward toward Seeker Asum. "Now--" "Now you told me you'd already met with a creature. This is the--" At which point, Seeker Asum's hands rest on to Kima's shoulder. Kima's head whips around to face Asum, and Asum says, "You need not worry." Kima's eyes blink for a moment and she-- Yeah. You can certainly try. All right, so as you begin to-- It's not a Counterspell, but you can try to cast it on her to see if it has any effect. All righty, so the DC of the spell-- okay. So, as you pull back and begin chanting to yourself, clutching Kima and pulling her away from Asum, Asum's grip leaves Kima's shoulder and Kima's still shaking her head groggily. You finish the Dispel Magic and you feel the strange, warm pulse of energy radiate briefly out from Kima's body. Kima turns to look at you and goes, "What-- why "would-- I'm sorry, I went groggy there for a second. We've had a long day. Good to see you, "Asum." And Asum nods and says, "Well, the pleasure is mine. Glad to see you all made it back safe and sound." "We have a meeting set here in the next two hours to gather our information and best situate "the next plan of action. You also have a friend waiting for you. Your armored Kashaw returned but "a half day ago apparently. Sleeping at the moment should you be interested in waking him from his "slumber and notifying him of his, well, his services no longer being needed." "He did. And rather proud with his findings." "Oh, I'm here waiting for the meeting." "As far as I know, it's going to be myself, Cassandra, Allura, and Drake." "Until the meeting. Now, food should be ready." And Asum steps out into the sunshine and closes his eyes, takes a deep breath as the sun rays hit and looks over his shoulder, smiles, and continues to walk down the path in towards Whitestone itself. Kima takes a couple steps and says, "Wow, I'm more tired than I expected after that fight. "Then again, we did kill a dragon! And that is fantastic!" Which she pulls out and (swish). You can see the arc of light streak across the blade as she flings it in the air with incredible strength for a halfling of her size. She's still marveled by it. "You know what? I'm not going to sleep. I'm going to go practice!" And she goes and runs off down one of the hallways towards one of the castle's training rooms. She holds the blade up to her ear. "No." "Thanks, Grog!" Slaps you on the shoulder with an awkward glance and continues the excited steps forward into vanishing somewhere into the castle. Okay. The rest of you, what have you been up to? Grog, you've finally caught up with the group. You've managed to drop off your large amount of dragon hide in return. I mean, it probably should be. It probably should be attended to in a short amount of time, like in the next week or so, before it's really-- There are a few tanners, yeah. It's below ground. Yeah, it's not-- Comparatively. Whitestone in general is a pretty chilly place, so yeah. Yes, you can. Make a stealth check. What was that? 28. Okay, yeah. You vanish without anybody else noticing your disappearance. Okay. Fair enough. Vax, as you rush down towards the homestead that Gilmore had made here in Whitestone, the door is closed. There's a large pile out front of ruined furniture that's been jammed into this collection. Presumably from the last encounter they had when the incursion of assassins made their way in. But the door's closed, and seemingly locked. A few moments pass, no response. (Mario coin sound) But you find a cool coin. Yeah. Eventually you hear a little rustling, and you hear a voice, muffled, from the upper floor say, "Confound it, I'll be right down!" You hear some footsteps, and then eventually the door (unlocking sound). You hear the unlocking mechanism. The door swings open a little bit. And you see, you know, morning robe, chest open, curly chest hair poking out. A very groggy bedhead. Gilmore opens the door. "Yes, can I help-- Oh. "Good morning." (laughter) "Of course. Would you like some tea?" "I'd like some tea. Come on in, come on in." He ushers you to enter, and leads you to one of the small chairs. And he walks back into the kitchen, shouting over his shoulder, "So! Vax'ildan, please. Tell me what's on your mind." (laughs) "I certainly hope so. It's taken a couple years off my lifespan." "Really?!" "How many is that for you now? Three?" "Making a name for yourself. I'm proud of you." A few moments pass, and silence. And Gilmore walks back out, clutching a small tray with a few teacups. And as he's walking, he's twirling his finger and you can see a little spiral of flame encircling the tea kettle as it begins to heat up. He brings it over, sets it down on the table. Pulls his robe in and sits down across from you on this low slung tea table. Takes a bit and sips it. "So, what brings you here this early in the "morning, friend?" "Shh. That's far too fatalistic for the Vax'ildan that I-- number one. Number two, you "have nothing to apologize for. Look, everything's on fire around us all the time. We all jump at "whatever bit of comfort finds its way before us. And at the same time, I appreciate your honesty. "And I'm thankful for the connection that we do have. And yes, heartbreak comes. But heartbreak "goes. It's part of life. It just means that I need to find somebody who's a little more my speed." "He better be. Don't worry about it. Go. Kill a dragon. Another. Kill two more. Kill six "more, I don't care! Just know that you're coming back, because I need you and your friends to keep "pimping out my name." "I know. I know." "I know. You sure you don't want any tea?" "I'm glad you did." He takes your cup. "Waste not, want not. (sips) Now go! Stop being "uncomfortable in front of me! I need to get my morning--" "--situated." He stands there. Waves his hand and the door opens on its own. He takes you by the shoulder real fast before you leave, and turns around and goes, "'Till next time. Say it." "All right. Go." And you feel a little pat on your backside, on the way out. He sits there holding his tea, watching you leave. Door slams behind you. You make your way back. Look, I don't have to look at this. I'm fine! (laughter) (laughs) It totally is! Like performing arts with the weights on. All right. Asking around quickly, he is back in the room where he's been staying in Whitestone. You go back to his door. It's closed. Nothing. Nothing. It's not locked. As you open it up, there's no light on the inside, but the light does come in as you slowly open the door with a (squeaks). You can see he's halfway out of his armor, passed out on his back, on the bed. He's one arm out, snoring loudly like he was too tired to make it all the way, and (snores). Well, he still has his boots on. It's more like his upper torso, he got partway out of that. Okay so you're opening his palm-- Okay, you tickle his hand. No response. (snores) As soon as you flick his nose and you start to back away, there's a blur of motion as suddenly he comes leaping out of the bed (grunts) and goes over and grabs his spear, his hand reaches for nothing in the air, and slings it forward in your direction, (whoosh) bypassing by your face by a few inches. And he looks still half awake, going (startled noises). "Yeah, it's my room." "Hi." And he throws his spear to the side. "I hope I wasn't either. Sure, all right, I'm glad you're here because it took me a long-ass "time to get here." And he sits up in the bed and-- or he sits down back on the bed and reaches over and pulls out one of his packs and brings out a couple of rolls of paper. "Okay, so I talked to "Vanessa and got two contracts that we could take up for this." "We got one here," and he pulls it out, "This is for two indigenous creatures to the "region that you were talking about over by Wildemount. One is a purple worm matron." "Supposedly. Shit's dangerous. Careful. This one is for a Storm Giant. This one is a little "harder to get a hold of apparently." "Get out of my room." "Just get out." "Get out of my room." "Out. Of my room." LAURA and "Out of my room." "Out of my room." "Get out of my room." You leave him in silence and darkness. (yelling) "Out of my room!" All right, so you guys wander your way off-- Scanlan, Grog, Percival. What are you guys doing? As Grog gives you 5000 gold, which weighs roughly a hundred pounds-- It weighs more than you do. Yeah. He starts divvying it out until it's like larger than you in a pile in the center of the room. So you get six platinum from Grog, which is roughly sixty gold. Perfect. Okay. As you walk around, nobody else who's supposed to be meeting has gathered yet. However, Cassandra is awake and in the process of going through some papers. She has her personal guard at her side and two guards at the door and you can see she's getting herself prepared for the meeting. As you enter the room, the door partially ajar, you see her still down currently thumbing through notes. Her hair is still in disarray and pulled back haphazardly. And she's wearing her morning gown and without even looking up goes, "Percival. Glad you've arrived and still in one piece." "I have to tell you, I'm very impressed." "Indeed. That's what our meeting is about." "Sorry, I need to go fire some of my guards. They're making a nuisance. Continue, please." "That is, actually, what our meeting is about. Prevent that from happening." What languages do you know? She knows Elven and Common. She does not know Celestial. That was more your hobby. Yeah. She gives you a very keen look. And you can see Cassandra. As much as she is the healthiest you've seen her physically, her eyes have dark circles over them. It looks like she's been very harried by the events of these past few weeks. Understandably so. But she takes and looks over the sheet and goes, "Well, very well. Should be an interesting meeting then." "It's good to see you, and I look forward to you sharing some of the burden soon." "Right?" "Right?" "Good." "Good." "Whatever is fair in this life? The wonders of lordship and ladydom." Okay. Do you wish to come? Anything else you want to bring to this conversation? No one who lives on site per se, but there are two individuals that your family generally used for various forms of jewel craft. Okay. No worries. Scanlan, what are you going to do? Looking for Jarett? Okay. You head outside of the main castle, down to where the training barracks are for Whitestone. And you can see Jarett's already out there, with a small, metallic platter on his lap, scarfing up some food real fast. He's gotten his day started relatively early and as soon as you approach, mouth's already full. "Mmm! Scanlan! It's good to see you." (laughs) "The usual gruel that you find in this city." "Oh, well trust me, I've used it on the eggs and it makes it "bearable. Whitestone is not well known for its cuisine from what I can tell. Everything's gray "and lacks flavor." "All right, I will happily take you up on that offer, thank you." "The task?" "Remind me again?" "Oh!" "Yes, I sent a request through someone I know." "I'm not going to leave the city right now to go find-- Look, I have two "people I know that might be able to get what you need. But it's going to take time." "When did you pick up this habit?! I'm worried about you now, Scanlan." "Certainly." (chuckles) "I have been told this once or twice, yes." "Well largely by not using illicit substances?!" "I'm not judging! I'm worried about you. Like, if you don't even have a habit, why "would you look for this? The Scanlan I knew, the one that hired me, "he knew how to deal with this issue. He got laid." "Maybe that's why you're not feeling up to the task?" (laughs) "I'm just saying. Look, and I do not mean to talk out of turn." He sets his meal aside. "But you are a man who walks, driven by his pelvis. Am I wrong?" "Then what happens if the pelvis goes unused? Grows bashful?" "Because suddenly you have purpose. Because you have a reason to come back." "That's not a bad thing, then." "Do you have a keepsake of this reason to return, this person you made a promise to?" "Then you need to get yourself a keepsake!" "Then something else that reminds you of her. Something that you can look at in that "moment when you're not so sure." "Drink a lot, listen to people talk. There are none wiser than barkeeps, my friend, and I "have been friends with many a barkeep." "I will continue searching and providing what you require." "And I've watched it ruin lives near K'Tawl Swamp!" "You are a strange gnome." "Does not work in this circumstance but I applaud your attempt. It was good. I'll do what I "can. But don't forget you have more than one reason to stick around." "Here, tell you what. Come here." And he suckerpunches you in the face. You unexpectedly fall back. You feel the pulsing of the blood run to your cheek. Your eyesight goes white for a second. He goes, "See, now you have to "live to return the favor." "Good. I look forward to it." "I always do." Awesome. Grog. Yeah, it's early morning. There are a couple of courtyards within the perimeter walls of the castle. They have some small garden elements. Not within the courtyard, no. Occasionally, there'll be one patrolling. By all means! Yeah and there are a number of walls to choose from varying heights, different levels of masonry. You have the veritable pick of the litter. Certainly. You find the portion where the exterior wall has one little parapet-joining portion with the exterior of the castle itself. There, you can see the masonry is fine, the stones themselves are clean-cut and joined properly. There isn't a whole lot in the way of ornate craftsmanship on the exterior of the castle or the walls, but you feel, as far as your interest, Grog, this is a good wall. You mark your territory expertly. There you go, like a Cylon eyebeam. Yeah, totally. You do so with gusto. Congratulations. That's how Grog spells home. Unless there's anything else that needs to be done-- You can. Kynan, who is currently under the watch of Jarett at the moment, is asleep. You start walking towards the direction as Scanlan is leaving the exterior of the barrack training grounds. Yeah, make an insight check. 18. Are you deceiving him any? As much as he would in the given situation, yeah. The campaign is over. Whitestone burns in flames. You make your way there. Jarett, you can see, finishing a meal. Looks over to you. There's nobody else in the training area. It's still relatively early. You do, with your perception, see back on the main stone building, you see a few individuals walking back and forth in front of one of the windows. It looks like things are starting up over there for training for the day. Jarett finishes his meal, scarfs up the last bit of egg on the side of the plate, "Hey!" "Yes!" "Probably inside, sleeping or waking." "Sure. This way." "Sure, go for it." He sits back down. You head inside. The door's not locked. You open it. You see ten different individuals that are all in the process of waking up. You can smell coffee. Very basic breakfast meats being cooked. Some of them are around tables talking, hunched forward and laughing. As soon as you walk in, a few of them turn and look at you. Some don't recognize you, some do. You see, in the far corner sitting alone at one of the tables is Kynan, who is prison-style guarding his food and eating by himself. "Hello." "All right. Everyone here's been fine." "I mean, as much as I need to. This is still a lot. Jarett's been good. He's been watching." "That-- wow." "No, I mean-- I don't have anything else right now really. So, what's the question?" "Okay." "Yeah, I'm trying." (sighs) "Well, I'll do my best." He looks down a little bit for a second seeming like "oh boy." "Yeah." "Okay?" "All right." "Yeah." "Yeah." "Are you sure?" "I'll do that. It'll be done. I promise." "It's all I have to keep me going right now." He reaches his hand up towards the snake, and Simon leaps from from your hand to his and swirls down his arm. He looks confused for a second as it wraps around his waist and then forms into the shape of a belt. You now see a few other guys in the room, and the room's got a little bit quieter. They're all watching what's happening, "What's going on?" He notices the attention and, "I'll take good care of him." "I mean no offense. It's a lot of attention right now." "Yeah, I will." (soft chuckle) "Same temple." "Yeah. Definitely." And you head out. Okay. At this point in time, a number of pages have been sent throughout the city to gather those who've been wandering about Whitestone, as you are being called to the meeting in the second floor war room held within the castle itself. Same one where you met with-- Sure, you take a hit point of damage. All right. You guys enter the war room, same as it was previously left. However, you are brought the image of the table in early morning Allura, Gilmore, surprisingly, Drake Thunderbrand, Cassandra, as well as Asum, who's standing behind most of them, back to the window. They all, middle of conversation, turn, and smile as you begin to walk in. You see Gilmore nods to everybody. Gives an extra smile to you, Vax. Cassandra's waiting for the pleasantries to end. Allura comes up and takes your hand, and she goes, "It's wonderful to see that you've returned safely. I've had many "terrible thoughts that perhaps this meeting would not be as positive, and I'm very glad to know that "I was wrong. And that you brought Kima back to us as well. Pike is safe as well. So congratulations, "I guess, are in order. Come, sit. These circumstances do press our timeline a bit." And you see there are a number of other chairs already brought into the room, prepared for you guys to sit around together. No, actually. Raishan is not sitting. Raishan is standing with her arms crossed, leaning against the window. Okay. As you approach, you see Asum's eyes watch you. Small grin on the face, and a little nod. At which point Cassandra gathers all of your attention in the midst of this chaos. "The "excursion to Wildemount went well. As far as I understand, you are now one more dragon-slaying "into this chaotic endeavor. Well done. Tell me, how did this happen?" Cassandra takes it and says, "It looks quite important. Allura." I can see how this would be confusing. "It's been a rough week." (laughter) All right. Allura takes it, inspects it. "This is a magnificent artifact. Well found. "Perhaps we'll take a look at it after the meeting together." Cassandra gets everyone's attention once more, motions to the guards. The door that you're leaning by gets closed as the guards step out, so it's only you guys having this conversation. "So, "with another of the Conclave fallen, retaliation is imminent. And with Thordak already infuriated "at the death of Umbrasyl, and we only caught but a glance of that anger, thankfully through the means "of which Allura and Gilmore and others were able to cloak the city, I do not feel that will last "the entirety of the time we would need to take a leisurely stroll through our next series of plans. "I fear that less protected cities may be in the path of retaliation before it finds its way to "us." Allura speaks up at this point and goes, "Thordak is a creature of infinite pride. And a "slight such as this against the Conclave will most likely trigger the destruction of even more "innocents. Both to satiate his anger and, I'm certain, to also draw us out. He is an intelligent "one, as is the company he keeps. I've also reached out to other members of the Arcana Pansophical, "and hope that they would come to our aid, but given the recent death of Vorugal, I do not know "if they'll arrive in time to be of any assistance. So we have to begin to gather our strengths, our "allies. And honestly, I think we need to strike first." "Well, otherwise we wait for the fight to be on Thordak's turf." "Well, we need a plan first. We need to gather those we've called to arms. We need to "assess what strengths we have, and utilizing all of these things at our disposal, come up with an "idea of how we're actually going to do this." Gilmore steps in and goes, "If we are to strike, I "agree it should also be very soon. We've pushed the boundaries of being on his peripheral even "this long. And you say that he knows your faces, correct?" "His gaze will now surely fall upon the seven of you, at the very least." Asum steps forward at this point, from the wall, and begins to walk in front of you, Keyleth, and between Percy, "The longer he remains as well, the more the landscape of Emon and the surrounding "Bladeshimmer Shoreline begins to churn. Begins to boil with flame and toxic fume. He is scarring the "surrounding land with his claws, his teeth, his flames, his roar, and those that follow in his "shadow. His fearmongering has risen a number under him. A creature of such pride is eager to show that if "you fall in such fear and do as he says, there are rewards. I'm sure you've come across many "weak-willed individuals in your travels that would be eager to jump at the chance of working beneath "such a powerful and dangerous creature." Allura steps in at this point now and says, "Now I believe it is partially his essence, but the "expedited rate of this elemental transition around him is based on the soul anchor that we embedded "within him to keep him in the Fire Elemental Plane. This stone that resides in the center of "his chest and belly. I believe this stone is somehow drawing elements of the essence of the "Fire Elemental Plane itself into Emon. I mean, it's not unusual for the presence of a red dragon "over hundreds of years to begin to convert the scenery around, but this speed... I can only see a "connection between the enchantment that we hoped would hold Thordak at bay, and the changes we're "seeing at the center of Emon and beyond. Now, it was never intended for him to leave that place, "and I feel deeply responsible for many elements of the danger we now see in this world. I only know "that I will do whatever it takes on my end to see that this comes to an end. Whatever sacrifice, "whatever is necessary. I'm at your disposal. But the responsibility of the destruction is also our "own. The longer we take, the more chance he will tear through Kymal. He will tear through Westruun. "He will tear through Daxio. He will begin to burn everything that Tal'Dorei is, until we show our faces." Asum is still walking a circle around the table. "Hmph. Well, before we get to that, let us discuss things we have at our disposal, the "information we have, and from that, we can garnish a plan. I am the Master of Secrets; I am not a Master "of Warmongering and Attack." Drake speaks up for the first time and goes, "Aye, not to mention that slippery green drake is "still out there somewhere, and we have no idea where it is. Two members of the Conclave are "remaining." "I certainly hope so. And if that's the case, then I think you're right. Go for the king "first. But we must do so with eyes all about us because the last thing we need is to be flanked by "that beast in the center of our attack." "If we knew where it fucking was." Allura speaks up at this point and goes, "Look. I know "that Thordak's hate for me still burns, hence the reason why they went directly for my tower when "they first arrived in Emon. The one trump card we do have in this is me." "If need be. I'm not saying that's the right plan, but I'm saying it is one thing we can "perhaps utilize in our plan, in our strategy." Gilmore pops up again and says, "Exactly. We were poring over that thing for a number of "weeks, until we had to build this barrier. And to be perfectly honest, I am sick of it." "Well, we understand it's a siphon. It's bringing the energy of the nexus somewhere. We "don't know where the other end of it is. Or if it's even functioning properly." "Well, I have no personal connection to it, I know that I was the architect of its enchantment, "and the ruse, of which sealed it within Thordak." "We designed it to have no weakness. The intent was to keep him there indefinitely. Perhaps "if we could--" "Asum. You said you have friends, back in Emon still, that have been gathering intel." Asum turns. "Yes, actually. And I was hoping that, as part of our plan today, we could even go and "retrieve some of this information. Perhaps that could teach us more about this soul anchor you "continuously talk about." "Oh, we would have to go to Emon." "Perhaps I'll go alone." Cassandra speaks up and says, "Well, you've been abroad. You've been gaining arms and allies, "from what you've told me from across Exandria. Let us consolidate our options, our strengths, and "plop it down in front of the Conclave, best we can." Asum steps into the conversation and goes, "The thing with that plan is Thordak has amassed "thousands of lizardfolk in Emon at this point that follow his whim. In the nearby mountain ranges, "many from the Stormcrest, that worshipped him the entire time that he was gone. Wyvern riders "originally aided in taking the city that you met, as did I. But since, other allies have found their "way to the Cinder King's sway. Last that I checked, it seemed that there were a number of "allies that he brought over from his time in the Fire Plane as well." "Fire giants, in the service of the dragon, now walk the streets." "That's what we're discussing today." "You were lucky to draw a creature of such infinitesimal experience and intelligence as a "white dragon away from its home roost. I would be greatly surprised if you had pulled a great, "powerful, intelligent, ancient red dragon from its home turf advantage." "That's one way." "Distract his allies and go straight for the heart. You have allies, like Allura just said, all "throughout the world." "Well. The design and the development and enchantment of it are powerful enough to anchor "itself to the soul of a dragon of Thordak's strength. Better part of six months." LIAM and "And that was with a dozen other hands helping me. Most of the Arcana Pansophical was at "my side for that and we don't have that kind of time." Cassandra sits up a little bit in her seat and goes, "If we are smart about this, we can "minimize the casualties far more now than they would be a week, two weeks, a month, a year from now." There's Westruun, Kymal were the two that you moved-- Westruun's a little bit further than Kymal is. Kymal is where you sent a lot of the Westruun refugees. Cassandra turns, looks over to Asum and goes, "Recon, actually. Anything else, Asum, you "may have in regards to what we can expect there?" Asum is still slowly walking around the peripheral of the meeting table. "I can tell you that most of the city's wealth and resources, as well as "caches, sealed arcane relics, and weaponry, long held by the Lyceum or the arms of Emon, have been "stolen and thrown atop the victory hoard of Thordak. Most who are part of this rebellion "within the city are doing so with scraps. That is why the Clasp has been so instrumental in the "removal of many of the oppressed folk within the city. Also, the fire that marks Thordak's presence "that have drawn fire and molten rock across the city, as well as the outskirts of the city walls, "scar the landscape and fill the sky with sulfurous clouds and black smoke. The good news is that "smoke can be utilized, should someone have some control over the elements, to be a screen. "However, where the Cloudtop District once stood, there is now but a heated cauldron of glowing "stone and flame. Hundreds of gifts and statues left in Thordak's image litter the outer area, "while a massive cavern dives beneath the central region of the district. Now this cavern, as we've "watched it, we believe it to be the location of Thordak's treasure vault. As well as the "occasional sleeping place of the massive drake we speak of. Thordak is also showing rather intense "signs of physical change since being released from his prison. And his size still remains enormous by "comparison. His eyes now burn with a searing white light. Burning stars in the sky. His jaw ever "dribbles with burning liquid that blackens the ground it touches. The gaps between scales appear "to flare bright with each breath, like a star engine beneath the scales." "I've no idea. Allura?" And Allura goes, "Well, if the anchor was indeed removed from the "Fire Elemental Plane, then Thordak would have had his soul torn from his body. That is how the "anchor worked." "Or at least, maybe a piece. I wasn't there, I don't know the ritual that brought him over." Allura thinks for a second. "I could try. But the enchantment itself-- We don't have enough information. It wasn't bound "to a specific place in the plane, it was bound to the plane itself. I don't know how you'd sever it "from the other side." Asum steps forward to the table, and puts his little halfling hands on the edge and goes, "Well, it's a shame that we don't have any information about this ritual that freed him from "the plane." "I'll see if my compatriots can gather information, but in the meantime we'll do the best "we can to gather similar information." Drake steps forward and goes, "I think that's a fine plan of action. Reach out to all "those you brought in. Hopefully we can get a few of our friends in this as well." They all look at each other, a bit confused. "No." "I didn't see one." And Cassandra goes, "No. There hasn't been an airship here, no. Are we "expecting one?" "Good to know." "Yes, so they won't see us if they come. If we see an airship, do you wish us to flag it down?" "You trust it?" "All right." "Now?" "It's fine, I get it! Reach out to your people on one end." Go ahead and roll-- I know it is. Go ahead and roll. Roll the first attack. With advantage. Okay. As you pull the blade out of the hilt to go ahead and begin to strike-- You're a quick individual. You're also in the presence of an entity that does not trust anyone or anything. You take the blade and swing out in the direction of Seeker Asum. And where your blade strikes, it shimmers through the image. There's a flash, and Asum is suddenly four feet away from the position where Asum was standing. At which point, everyone in the room stands up immediately and is like, "Whoa whoa!" Cassandra goes over and puts her hand towards you, and Asum is taking a few steps back and is like (breathes heavily). There's this moment of extreme quiet, tension, as Allura's looking at you, looking at Asum, looking around. And there's like this slow, connecting moment of realization throughout the room as everyone's eyes go wide. And with that, we're going to take a break. (screaming) All righty. Well, we'll go ahead and take a short break here, guys. We'll be back here in a few minutes. And we'll (Victor voice) see what happens next! (normal voice) All right. See you guys here in a minute. [break] You have a very Merlin from Excalibur thing going on there right now. We need more green lights in here to really get the effect. All right! So, bringing it back in. As your blade swings through and passes through the form of Seeker Asum, it shimmers and then darts backward into the corner of the room. At which point, everyone who stood up and held off at the chaos, you see all the faces going off in realization. Asum goes from a defensive position and then stands up again. Crosses the arms. "We're working on that plan as we speak. But pardon me if I take a few-- how do you say-- "careful backups in case one would take a blade and stab at an ally, supposedly." At which point, Allura puts her hand out and goes, "I'm sorry. What the hell is going on here?!" As the tension slowly subsides, Gilmore puts his finger up, "Pardon my momentary ignorance. "Would you like me to cleanse the room?" Seeker Asum takes a few steps towards you. Casually looks up to you and goes to pat you on the shoulder. His illusory hand passing through your form. Goes, "I'm quite comfortable where I am "right now. Let us continue this conversation." "Very well! Since my hand has been forced. Hello. Seeker Asum is still back in Emon, dealing "with the difficulty of preparing the current circumstance we're discussing. I am Raishan. "Member of the Conclave. Up until recently, tenuous ally with Thordak the Cinder King, who is now "considered a mutual thorn in all of our sides. I've made an agreement with your Vox Machina for "quite some time. Together, using our combined strengths, we slew Vorugal, the Frigid Doom, over "in Wildemount. We've returned to reconvene. I've provided nothing but honest, upfront, and "necessarily vital information to your victory." Allura, you see her fingers are twitching and her arms tense, and there's this very faint air that's blowing her hair ever so slightly, where there's no wind in the air. She's on edge right now and is looking to you guys for guidance, like "Are we doing this?" Cassandra stood up immediately. For the first time in a long time, since Whitestone was reclaimed, Cassandra now resembles more her age than she ever did. She has a look on her face like she's far out of her depth. Understanding the circumstance, there's legitimate fear in her face, and she's looking at Percival with that look of, "What have you done?" Everyone's still standing at this point, looking. Cassandra slowly sits down but is still looking between Raishan and Percival. You watch as Asum's form steps towards the center of the room, the flash of green flaring in the eyes with a smile, "The anchor that you speak of was indeed "removed from the Fire Elemental Plane. We discovered that it was indestructible. Good on "you, Allura. Well created. We tried many different ways rending it, crushing it, sending it "elsewhere without the enchantment tearing Thordak with it. To no avail. In trying to find a way to "bring Thordak through, we needed to bring the soul anchor and the Fire Elemental Plane with it. The "one place where such research could be gathered promptly, fully, was Pyrah. Now, mind you, it was "not my intent for such destruction to rain upon them. I spent many years with them. I got to know "them. They're a fine people. In that time, I learned the ways of temporal travel between "dimensions. The details that allowed me to see the fabric of the Fire Plane, to where we could encase "a bit of it within the soul anchor itself. Once we had managed to crack that essence, I was able to, "from a distance, using the allies at the other end-- Thordak had found friendship with some of the "ousted fire giants. They found comfort outside of the ordning under the shadow of the fire dragon. "In using their deep, rich-blooded past and forging and making, they were able to convert the soul "anchor into something that housed the essence of the Fire Plane. However, we didn't have a means of "creating a hole large enough to bring both through without destroying both in the process. And as "such, we waited for the right time The Winter's Crest." "To some, maybe. But we called this the Ember Seed. The Ember Seed resides in the center "of this heartstone. That is what is causing Thordak to swell. That is what's driving him mad. "That is what is drawing the very land around Emon to fiery eruption. It is also what keeps his soul "on this plane." "It keeps the soul intact with his body." "In theory. But we've tried. Believe me; we've tried." "To remove it would destroy him as well, as the Arcana Pansophical saw fit. So yes, both came "through. Waited for the Winter's Crest, had enough power and understanding of the ritual to open the "entirety of the tear, and Thordak screamed through, flames in his wake. And he laid waste "to your people, not I." "You do understand that without my aid, you will not succeed?" "Yes, and there are quite a few in this room that fall in that category." She looks to Allura and Drake. "I accept my part in this matter as well. You don't think I feel duped by this? You don't "think I have many things I wish to tear from the very corpse of that entity? You think I don't want "to see him burn as much as you do? This vengeance that burns within me!" "What all of us want freedom." "Are you saying you understand the way to remove this? That you know the secret to burning "this wretched disease from my form?" "Well. Good." "That's why we're working to watch him fall." (chuckles) "If you need not my help, just let me know." "I wish to be given unfettered, unbothered, unwatched control over the corpse upon his death "to extract the information I need. I will leave your very sphere of existence and understanding "until the end of your days." "Oh, then I'll find another way." "Then watch! Watch, for all I care. It will be Greek to you anyway." It passes through the form. "Well, what is your next step through your journey?" "Assume what you will." "Keep great company." "You do not comprehend the magics that you even speak of. It's cute. Look, I agree. Distance "is of aid to us at the moment. If anything, I should probably cut off the information of "Vorugal's fall. I should speak with the Cinder King and still establish my allegiance from his "perspective." "Cut it off, no. But I can attempt to guide the fury, if you will." "I can guarantee it." "For a time, maybe." "If I knew what the plan was, yes." Raishan takes a moment and thinks. "I am indeed, but Thordak has been using us as the attack." "What do you mean?" "Because I check in every now and then to remind him." "That is an idea. Hmm. Take your recess. I'll take mine. There may be something to this plot." "I would hope that there's no more errant blade pokery?" Allura is sitting right now, she's listening to everything with her hands crossed. Shakes her head and goes, "To be perfectly honest, this bothers me a great deal. But the fact that "Whitestone still stands does speak volumes at the least." "With the cards being in our favor." "No." "Regardless, I have a lot to think about. As do we all." And Allura slowly turns her head and looks up, probably for the first time since she sat down, to the illusory Raishan's Asum form. "Asum lives, then?" "Indeed he does. Indeed he does." And Allura turns her head back and goes-- Go for it. 25? Okay. It's hard to read the demeanor of Raishan in general. It's this middle ground of neutral expression with a half-cocked grin. Information flows at this consistent rate of being generally difficult to read. The beat of hesitation is meant for emphasis, more than covering, if that makes any sense. So it seems to have an honesty to it, if you could read any honesty from Raishan. "I can certainly bring him here if you'd like. However, he is doing quite a lot of good "with the Clasp, and Brom and Tofor underneath Emon right now, and they've managed to "save many lives and continue to do so." "Well--" "What do you have need for Asum?" "Why don't you go see him yourself?" "Well, make your choice. Either I intercept and begin to work towards Thordak's ruse and set "a space that convinces him perhaps I've fallen into your hands, or I go retrieve your friend from "Emon. I'm not your errand boy, and we have a limited time here. Which is more important?" "So, Emon it is. Very well. Back in a day." "It's going to be very difficult to pry the Cinder King from his nest." "If anything, but I have no guarantees." "One day then." And the image (disappearing noise). As you say that, everyone pulls back from the table. There he is! As you're talking, you feel a tug on your right arm. And you look over and you see Cassandra, who has come over to your side and is pulling on your sleeve with a very intense look in her eye. She goes, "Percival. I can watch Whitestone. I can get the people fed. I can keep "the people armed. I can organize the day to day. I can't keep it safe from that." "Percival. Percival! I don't know what you dragged us into in this, but I need you to pull us "out of it. I can't do this." "How long have you known?" Oh yeah, no. Allura, Drake-- For perception? You guys are still in the war room. Oh! You don't see anybody else around. Allura sits up and says, "Well, I mean, it makes sense. Asum is the one that requested we not "move the war room down to the--" "I think that would be the best, yes. Let us all adjourn to the new space at the ziggurat. That "should at least keep things honest." Allura picks her robes up and-- Okay. You guys make your way down to the ziggurat. The guards come and start carrying chairs and other elements of the war room. Eventually, you're all led down through the tunnels, which have been a little more refined and given an actual more comfortable path past the now-defunct whitestone refinery that the Briarwoods had originally established. You enter the ziggurat room. It has more lighting to it than it previously did. A number of torches now line the walls, the sconces that are lit as the guards progress upward. You can see the reflection to the green glass-like Whitestone material that permeates the outside of the ziggurat. And not right by it, but partially upward there's a small wooden platform that's been where the main base of operations for research and study is here. You see a number of desks set out. It's been built alongside of the large pyramid-type structure. And eventually, you all adjourn up into that space. As you go up there, you all feel a significant drop in enchantment. All of your magical items, all of everything, gradually fades in this space. So, Grog, you actually feel your musculature-- the Titanstone Gauntlets themselves, the effect begins to completely fade back to your classic, Grog-like strength. Oh, do you want to go to the top of the ziggurat and check? At this point, they're looking around. Everyone who's journeyed with you towards this new meeting place, the ziggurat, is of the same physicality they were at the meeting room. Any illusions that would have been cast aside or dispelled at this point seem to not be present. So everyone is, by all intents and purposes, who they say they are. Allura nods. "Yes, actually. Yes." "Well then, what do you presume we do?" Allura immediately puts her hands up and goes, "No! No. No. No." "This is an absence of magic. It is a void of magic. It is a maw that devours magic. The "enchantment that we put within Thordak is pure magic." "Well." "Right! So what, we take a few wooden two by fours and push it along? Look, everything I know, "everything I've studied, everything I've spent my entire life working for is useless near that." "It was." "The only person I know of who rightfully worshipped Ioun was Brom." "Arbiter Brom. He was of the council with us." "According to Raishan. With Tofor and--" "Yes." "This way." And she leads you back down the ziggurat, out to the entrance where you guys entered this large chamber. And about 20 or so meters back, you can see there is a specific wooden support beam that is structured within this tunnel. And on that beam, elements of it are painted black. And she goes, "This is the perimeter in which the siphon devours magic "inward." What, the--? "I'd say it'd take a half-mile?" "I don't know." The ziggurat itself is built from stone, and then the upper exterior of it is covered in this green glass-like substance that is distilled whitestone residuum. What level's that? That is-- A fourth level, you mean. Yeah, so you can create some fey creatures, yeah. What are you summoning? Okay. So you conjure a pixie? Pixie flies in. Continues to fly in. Nothing happens. Pixie seems fine. They can cast Confusion, they can cast Polymorph, they can cast things like that. Pixie turns around and nothing happens. Pixie looks confused. "What? Sorry." Technically, this pixie-- We'll say for the purposes of this, sure. There is very basic communication. The pixie is-- Yeah, Sylvan is the language that it speaks, so it is close enough to Elvish that those who speak Elvish can like interpret elements of it. "A little queasy, that's all." "It's weird." I mean, she's only listening to her, so-- All right, so yeah. You continue to walk as the pixie floats up towards the top of the ziggurat. You get to the top and you notice that no, all the bodies have been removed. It's been cleaned up. Yeah, it's like this empty platform now with the walls, encased within a small colosseum. And there it is, the general spinning black marble. The pixie approaches and like-- LAURA and Touches it, and you watch the pixie go-- and is gone. You see her in the back leaning against the wall like she's seen this a hundred times. "Oh, "many things. Chairs, outfits, pieces of stone, metals. We've put all kinds of things." "No, nothing living!" "Your desk chair. Cassandra said it would be all right." "We tried, and upon moving it, once it contacted it did not move with the box. It just "crushed and absorbed the box itself." "Given the better part of a year, yes." "A temporary one, as in like a--" "Like a brief spell, yes. I can do that now. It's the permanent installation of one that takes "an exorbitant period of time." "Yes, but unfortunately there's been no way of connecting anything that goes through. It just "vanishes." "Well, it's north of Emon. Kymal's east of it. And the Ironsea Ridge. But Kymal's filled "with civilians." "Well, Fort Daxio has a piece of an army. Most of it went to Syngorn and we haven't heard since." "Have you reached out to Syngorn, let them know this was going to happen? You mentioned that "they were coming to power?" "Well, we need to reach out to the resources we have and call them in." LAURA and "We have." Cassandra says, "If Fort Daxio is to be the place where this is to go down, then that will be "the place we'll send our allies." Allura brings her hand up, "I've done plenty of research on these. I mean no offense to you, "Keyleth, but you convincing an entity that exists on deception through deception to believe you in "that regard? And based on that conversation, she already seems to see through that ruse. I would "not recommend it." "No, that is far beyond my capabilities." (as Victor) "No!" Allura says, "Yes. I mean, I don't know anyone in Daxio at the moment. Riskel was the only "one. Or Riskel was the one I knew with a connection there, and his father, Mikael, was in "Syngorn." "Who? Those who are there, most likely. Here, I'll give you a written..." and she pulls out a small little side scroll pouch. Scribbling a note and says, "This is a decree from the council. "They'll have to listen to you." She finishes writing it, rolls it up, "So they'll be at your "disposal. It's not the army; it's the reserves." "We'll do that. And then we're meeting you at Daxio, correct?" "Very well. Daxio it is. We'll see you soon." Beep beep. Bidet. And with that, we'll finish the night's session, picking up here for next week. Well, yeah. It's 1030. I don't know. You'll find out, I guess. It could have been nasty, had it been a less tricksy dragon, maybe. (as Victor) There? Here? (as Victor) I get to enjoy this for a little bit, at least. (as Victor) Two cheeseburgers. Couple of fry. (as Victor) Filet of fish! (normal voice) Oh, man. All right. We'll be back next week. For whatever the hell your final plan is going to be for this. I am so excited. TRAVIS and I'm excited for the countdown to Thordak that we're now embarking on. Cool, guys. Thank you so much. Everyone looks awesome. Happy Halloween, everyone!