Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons, roll dice, and stuff. Tonight is a special episode; it's a special 50th episode. We've made 50 of these! To kick off the evening's festivities before the game, we want to show our first big present to you guys, something we've been working on for about a little over a month. We hope you guys enjoy it. Let's go ahead and have a look at the new full intro for Critical Role. [dramatic music] That was fun! We've been silently working on that for a long time. I know. Every edit that came in was awesome. Yeah, we all went together in Simi Valley for a day and shot, and did wonderful photos, which we actually have wallpaper going up tonight! There you go. It's all over. Episode's over. No, thank you guys for coming tonight. Hope you enjoyed that. We have some really awesome people that helped out with that. I'm going to go ahead and get some thank-yous here. We have, first off, a big thank you to Jan-Michael Losada, our DP for that shoot; Pamela Joy who did all the incredible photography, and Loretta Richert, both of them helped us find and secure the location and shot an incredible series of photos that we'll be using in upcoming episode releases and promotional stuff! So check that out. You guys have been amazing, thank you so much. Next up, I want to go ahead and thank Dave and James Codeglia who are from Ghostlight. They did all the special effects you see as well as the color grading and the editing. They did a phenomenal job on this, and big thanks to you guys. It's far more than I ever expected it could be. Ghostlight is awesome. Yeah. For makeup we want to thank Misti Dawn, Talor Bianca Appice, and Heather Galipo, they did an amazing job. And Travis, of course, for sitting in the makeup chair for a long time. You guys did an amazing job. Next up, for our illustrious costumers, we have Jessica Dru, who did an amazing job, Jessica Dru Johnson for selling me the costumes, Vanessa Walton, who made your wonderful headpiece-- Check that out. And of course Bryan Forrest for both applying a lot of the armor to Pike and a lot of individuals here. He brought a lot of the great costume pieces and armor, and was one of our illustrious goblins; he got killed as two different goblins! Took two arrows, one in the face, one in the chest. A great stuntman, Bryan, thank you so much for helping out with that. Jon Enge who was our special effects supervisor on set and was the goblin who got stabbed in the back. He was amazing. Of course, Jason Charles Miller, who's a friend of the show, who's been on the show as Garthok the half-orc rogue, did the new theme, as well as the old one, but he re-upped for the new theme, extending it and making it that much more epic. Thank you so much. And Geoff Bisente did a lot of the sound design on it as well. You guys kicked ass on making it sound as good as it did. Check out their stuff, they're amazing. I think Jason should have the actual new song up on iTunes soon in case you want it for a ringtone or something. And last but certainly not least, we have Avery Faeth, who did the amazing Percy costume. And Kai Norman, who you've seen on the show, he actually did our casts of the K'Varn horn, and his incredible work. He did Percy's gun. He did a number of the props we used for it, he's great. You can find him at @KommissarProps. Additional costuming done by Anne Valiant, who did an amazing job helping us out getting the costume pieces we needed for it. As well, a big shout-out to Labyrinth of Jared at Masquerade Ball who also helped provide a lot of the costumes for the shoot, and Sword and the Stone who helped provide a lot of the weaponry and armor, along with Bryan. So thank you guys, all of you so much, for helping make this happen. We're really excited and we hope you liked it! All right. So getting into our actual announcements here, try and cruise through this as fast as possible. Strangely, he lost it for a few sessions. All right, so 50th episode, guys! (cheering) Drove all across the country, from New York. I'm so glad you could join us, and welcome back, Ashley. Also tonight we're putting up for the next two weeks on pre-order a brand new set of "How Do You Want To Do This" hoodies, which I'm wearing here. Two hours. So yeah, these are up on the store, or should be, and will be up for pre-order for the next two weeks. If you want one, get one! Because they're cool. I like them. Indeed. All right, next up, Critmas is tonight. So we got that coming up after the show. We're going to do our best to keep it as organized and as expedient as possible so we can get to bed at a decent hour, especially those of us who have like 800am call times in the morning. Travis. (laughs) But yeah, so stick around for that. You get to watch us all cry forever, because that's what happens every time. A couple other announcements has here on the list "posters." TRAVIS, LIAM, and Posters. Somebody must've put that on the list. There you go, that makes sense. That makes sense. Quick announcement, an event coming up a convention on May 26 to 29 in Atlanta called MomoCon. I will be a guest at that, so all you east coast folks around Atlanta come say hello! I have panels, and talks, and autographs to give, and cool artwork you can pick up. So yeah, MomoCon, May 26-29, hope to see you guys there. Me and Marisha are both announced to be guests at the Haven Expo in Mackay, Australia on July 2nd, so all you folks in the outback, you'll want to come hang out with me and Marisha at the beginning of July. Just like that. I'm so sorry. She's back for ten minutes, guys. You and Johnny Depp in the same week, come on. So yeah, hopefully we're looking forward to seeing a bunch of you guys down under at the beginning of July. Let's see, reveal secret Scientology message and ascend to Xenu, that's on the list. We got that one situated. Rat Queens! The next Rat Queens issue coming up. 16, I guess? Issue 16 is the number? Has a series of pages in which all of Vox Machina have a wonderful cameo. Yeah. Isn't it? One more thing I want to mention a really great game called Masquerada; I play the lead character, Cicero Gavar. It's been developed by a great studio named Witching Hour. They put up a Kickstarter today to see if they can make the game as good as it possibly can be-- that final push. As an independent/indie studio and an indie product, they're putting out a phenomenal isometric RPG. Great voice talent that includes Jennifer Hale, Dave Fennoy, it's a great cast. Check it out on Kickstarter if it's something you think you'd be interested in, and possibly helping them polish it and make it phenomenal. So check that out. Anything else you guys want to announce? All right. So, anything else anyone wants to talk about or mention? Because if not, I think we may have to watch that intro again. (cheering) Let's watch that intro again. [dramatic music] Like, "Well, we got to do it. Make it work." "We can't cut the tentacle creature. I don't know how we'll do it, but it's in there." Let's go ahead and bring us back into the realm of Exandria and catch us up to what happened last time. Vox Machina, a group of adventurers currently on the path to try and usurp and destroy the Chroma Conclave, a collection of chromatic dragons that have torn through Tal'Dorei and currently reign supreme over the partially ruined cities that dot the landscape. The largest of them, and apparently the leader, Thordak the Cinder King sitting in the main city of Emon, forcing you guys to flee. You've gone about and discovered these artifacts, these legendary items known as the Vestiges of Divergence. Ancient magical weapons and equipment from the last great war, the Divergence. And these seem to be a key in which you can ascertain a level of power and a means of destroying these creatures. Upon seeking information about these, you traveled south to the Frostweald, where you battled a camp of orcs, freeing survivors from Westruun's attack, and managed to walk your way into the deep den of a forgotten Ioun temple where Osysa, the sphinx's mate, resides. After traversing past traps and puzzles you made your way to the main chamber in which the nameless sphinx demanded you reveal that you have earned its name. During this battle you traveled through portals to other elemental realms to seek out the information to hopefully devise the title of this sphinx before it was too late. During which, Grog leapt through, if I recall, one of these portals into the Elemental Plane of Air. Set adrift without a means of returning, he took his Chain of Returning, attached it to Craven Edge, and threw it through the portal. It found purchase and you pulled yourself through, face-to-face with Pike, with the blade embedded in her abdomen. The weapon, which had achieved its maximum strength potential of devouring the essence of others, transformed during this battle and has been in its rather intense and dangerous form since. You guys managed to piece together the name of this sphinx, at which point the battle ended and it presented to you the information you required. It gave you the information of the Vestiges that still exist, to its knowledge, and you were escorted via immediate sandstorm out of the temple and now stand at the edge of the Stormcrest Mountains and the Frostweald Forest itself. So. You all take a moment to gather your thoughts, think over what just transpired, and think on your next course of action. Well, not completely, you guys healed from a couple of spells that were cast at the time, but you haven't had a rest. Indeed. You go and inspect the armor itself, the plates that separated and scraped from the impact of Craven Edge's blade. The wound itself seems to have at least stopped bleeding as part of the healing magic and the wound has closed, though you're still in a relatively damaged state post-battle. You guys haven't had really a moment to recover and heal what you could. She seems to be okay. There's still that lingering sweat from the stress and the impact of the blade, but nothing seems to be mortally endangered about her current state. Yes. You're at 63. Right now, from the time it took you guys to go through the temple and the strangeness that is the shift of time around the temple, it's probably mid-day. Pretty much the same time you entered the temple. Ashley, you've used a 5th-level spell. How many 4th-level spells do you have, because you used two I believe? So you have one left. Yeah, the aging effect was restored, but only to her. The rest of you are still aged up based on the effect of the lair of the sphinx. No, on an individual each time. If I recall, you aged close to roughly 20 to 25 years. Everyone taking a short rest? Yes? Here's what happens. So as you guys are taking a rest, you step a little bit away from the group, sit down and hold the blade. Chain's still attached across your lap. Just look down at it and you can see it's still pulsing with the power of all the life energy that it'd taken before. And as you take a moment, see to your wounds, relax, recover from the intense rage and all the emotional pain that's transpired here, the blade begins to shrink. You hear the slight crackle (squeal) as the metal begins to creak and pull backward, all the jagged edges pulling into the central singular curved blade at the front of it. As it hits, it seems to almost shrink slightly smaller than it was before and the metal creaks for a second and a voice in your head goes, (breathes heavily) "Hungry--" Make a constitution saving throw. For but a moment, you sense a very similar feeling, one that-- it's been really since the battle with K'Varn when all of the light in the world vanished for a second and darkness took your consciousness, and that same cold sensation starts to stem from the blade itself like it's actually trying to pull you into it, and you resist it. And you stand there and look at the blade and it just-- in comparison to its larger form, it looks small. It's the same size it was since you originally got it, but you look at it there in this long, still silence as you try and conjecture what just transpired. And in that silence you hear the voice once again go, "Feed. Now." "Find something." As you open the freezer chest there's a (poof) of chicken-scented smoke and mist that vanishes. You guys can use your hit dice if you want to, to heal up. No, long rest for your exhaustion. Roll again. As you guys finish your rest, and you're all gathering the next stage of your advancement, you watch as Grog stands up and starts walking into the snow of the forest with the blade out, topples and falls to one knee, then falls face-first in the snow. He's still, he's cold, there are no signs of life. Okay, you pull the blade and you take it and you shove it off, and the chain's still attached to the side of his arm. You have to pull-- make a strength check. And add four to it. 11, that's enough. You (clink) and you pull the chain off the side of his forearm, toss the blade and it (scrapes) skids to a stop in the snow, cutting a shallow swath through the little bit of the embankment. Grog's still rolled on his back, eyes just dead, lifeless. Here's my question to you, Pike. What spells do you have? Short rest doesn't give you any spells back. What level spells do you have still? Right, you have Greater Restoration as an option there. What other spells do you have prepared? Because from your knowledge and experience, Greater Restoration removes serious curses, it removes avenues-- Grog, though you are having a hard time coming to terms with it, in the back of your head there's a part of you that knows that right now, Grog in the snow is dead. Heal? Heal restores damage or damaged flesh to living entities. Okay. What are you doing, you're going to...? Okay. You guys cruise into the cavern and as you sit inside where the stairs were that led into the temple, it's solid stone. There's no sign of an entrance whatsoever to this temple. Okay. Okay. Within the last minute. Ashley, go ahead and roll an initiative check. Sure. Sure. Take your d10, and if you want to go ahead and use that now or make this as part of the resurrection ritual, which we're now undergoing. Well, what'd you roll for your initiative? 14, okay. You get to his body and his back rolled in the snow looking up, just as that window of time begins to fade for the magic to have any effect. You reach down and you grasp his cold-muscled chest and you find the one singular thread, that little soul thread that's still connected to the essence of his eternal being that once resided within this corpse and you clutch onto it with the magic and hold on to it to begin this ritual. Who wishes to bring something to this ritual? You have hold of the thread right now, you need something stronger to keep him here. Okay. And--? And what do you do with it? (laughing) You reach over and you grab the edge of his beard and pull his mouth open, it's hanging limply. You pull off the cork of the cask and begin pouring it and it spills down the side into the snow, darkening it on the sides of his head. Understood. Make a persuasion roll. Okay. The ale seems to slide back into the throat and find its way in towards the stomach. There is no swallowing motion whatsoever, but it appears that at least it's not drowning him or blocking his airway. You're clutching onto the spirit here. You only have a few moments left before the magic is lost. Who wishes to-- Go ahead and roll a religion check. 15. As you're looking up into the frozen boughs of the trees before you, a little bit of snow begins to fall from what was once the still air. It begins to dot the top of your face and touch your nose, and as the first cold singular snowflake hits, your vision goes dark again. In that darkness, you feel your breath go cold as well, and your whole body is locked in place like it can't move. And all you see is the white porcelain face of the Raven Queen step out of the darkness as her hand comes up and touches the side of your cheek. And a voice in your head, a familiar voice, says, "I believe that every death has its place." And the hand lets go and pulls back. Who wishes to make the third and final aid to this ritual? Well, if Pike wants to go ahead and make a roll of some sort of attempt at this, that would help as Bardic Inspiration. If you wish to do your own thing, you can. Okay. Go ahead and make an arcana check. 18, okay. As you pour the potion into his throat, the somewhat thick red and yellowish compound that drips from it like a thicker molasses finds its way, mingling with the ale currently in his gullet. You help try and massage it down, like feeding a pill to a dog. As you do, you can see the veins around the shoulders instinctually affected by this, as the flesh itself, you know, the cells are still alive. It's just the nervous system and all else that the lights are currently out on. You hope this is enough. And as you hold onto that singular thread of Grog's existence-- As you're certainly staring at the sword-- What do you say to it? The shadow begins to bleed from the blade and rise up and it seems almost like an incensed fury from your words. However, you also hear a raging scream bellow from inside the blade. A familiar yell echoing in distant (roars). Your shadow begins to rise over your back as well. As it begins to coalesce, these two black centers of dark energy facing off in wordless anger and lack of understanding, the arm of Grog's body grabs you by the throat and starts clutching as it sits up and looks you in the face, eyes red with rage, going (growl). Roll a strength check. Yes. 11. He manages to close off the windpipe just for a short moment, but in that time the red fades from his eyes and the first inhale of breath (gasps) comes into Grog's chest, and your vision clears. And the moment of confusion hits you as you look around and notice this tiny gnome in your grip, head beet-red as you notice that your thumbs are pressed into his larynx. You can make your own insight check. He rolled a 20, then he rolled a one. That's right, because you got the third point at the end of that battle because you frenzied for that last fight. You sit up and glance over, and you see about 15 feet from you, set up against the bottom of a tree, the blade is currently being crouched over by Percy, his fingers tense, his shoulders and back arched and locked, and you see two shadow sources that are almost on their own subtle plane having a staredown. You guys look over and you see this happening, yeah. The shadow has now rescinded into the blade. I mean, you see a blade before you. The shadow's pulled back into the blade. Suggestion, I think it lasts for a short time. I don't see why you would not be able to do that to an object, honestly. Especially based on the power of the spell. Where would you want to banish it to? Oh! It was the Dread Emperor. All right. As Pike turns to you, looks you in the eye, clutching her holy symbol of Sarenrae, there's a smile at the corner of her mouth at noticing that her friend is back. Though as tenuous as this argument has been, and you weren't present for the scare that was there, you can see there is a genuine shake to a lot of their fingertips from what has just transpired. She reaches forward and touches you and you immediately heal 70 hitpoints. So, as Pike turns around from Grog, the softness in her face fades, and the hard jawline of Pike Trickfoot, seafaring gnome cleric, steps across the snow, step by step towards the darkened blade that nearly stole away her childhood friend. Still clutching in one ogre-gauntleted fist the symbol of Sarenrae, your other hand comes out and you can see the shadow begin to spill from the blade as you approach. Take your d10 inspiration. A d10 inspiration die. All right. As you step forward and the shadow begins to emanate from the blade, you focus and concentrate, and as you do, the light of Sarenrae begins to glow from the front of your hand, and as it does, the shadow seems to be cast away, and the blade now stands currently bare before you. You reach out and touch the blade and recite a few words under your breath, and release the energy of the spell into the sword. Go ahead and make a wisdom check. Just roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Add your d10 inspiration die to it. As you reach out and touch the blade, you can feel suddenly the dark, chaotic presence in there. you can see flashes in your mind of an individual, an ancient person. You see flashes in your head of a clamoring for power, a need for attention and wealth. You see a person making a deal with something it didn't understand. You see a flash of a punishment. You see the remnants of their eternal soul bound to a blade. You see themselves cursed with eternal, gluttonous, unending hunger and cast through the ages, the rest forgotten. And you see, just like the singular thread that was holding Grog to his corpse, a dark, dark thread that connects the sword to Grog. And with this spell, you grasp out and clutch it-- and tear it in two. Grog, wherever you're standing, it's like you just got punched in the gut. You're thrown off your feet and land in the snow once again, eyes wide open. All of you freak out because it's just like how Grog fell originally, except for he shoots up, heavy breathing, alive. With that, the blade just snarls in your grasp. Grog? That fucking blade ate your soul. You wonder, this entire time, how you could be so foolish to give into something that this whole time has been using you. (impact) It sits in the snow. Motionless. Okay, you reach out and you pick up the blade, and as you grab it in your hand you can hear the voice, "You! I will--" And before it can finish the phrase, you guys watch as a little thin slit within the plane just shutters open, and you have a quick glance at that distant starscape with various broken, slowly floating islands of earth and rock. You see the partially destroyed bramble forest that you once trekked through, and with that, you throw the blade through the small doorway-- It slams shut and is gone. Levitation, someone has to push you along. (laughs) All right. So you guys go ahead and take a-- Fair enough. Where're you resting? LIAM, LAURA, and Sure, yeah. No, you guys have-- it's one of those things where you felt the impact happen and you saw each other rapidly age for those that were present, and even afterward there's a noticeable effect, so yeah. You would be able to ascertain via those situations, and the time you've had to rest to think over the battle and see that difference. Plus the fact that you watched Vex get cured of that aging effect by the sphinx before you left, that was also the big indicator. So you would be aware. So you guys have all walked into the mansion at this point. Keyleth, you cast Greater Restoration, and you reach out to Vax. And what little bit of crow's-nest wrinkles, crow's feet that have crawled on the side of his face, and a little bit of the grey hairs that began to spray in the side, all revert back, skin tightens, he's back to his normal roguish half-elf average-aged self. All right, so all of you guys head into the mansion. Vex, you're helping Percy to the workshop? Okay. What're you doing? Half of your spent hit dice is restored. (bear noises) Goes into the kitchen. All right, so as you guys are preparing to rest for the evening, you head down to the workshop. Okay. Are you aiding? TALIESIN and Okay. Go ahead and make a tinkering check with advantage. You guys, there are other numbers between these, by the way. Don't poke the badger, Percy. Yeah, no. All right, so. You guys work the evening, and though you were uncertain, Vex is actually a very quick learner and is eager to help, and so between bringing tools at your disposal and helping you hold a few places properly during the construction process, you manage to get far more headway than you expected in just an evening's bit of work. You still have probably a couple of days of work before you can actually complete your prototype for this and try it out, but-- The tether for? Yeah, I'd say you've gotten that enough. Yeah. At least if there's ever a tumble there's a tether piece that would hopefully have a chance of keeping the broom with you, so. Which in contemplating over the experiences you've had, you now have access to the full Craven Edge weapon sheet. Just so you know what it had done. Yeah, you pull it out, take it, swing it around, dust it off a bit. Bursts into flames, and for a second that warmth near your face is like an old friend coming to roost for a bit. (fire sounds) All right. You guys all have your evening's rest. Though it is an early evening, you manage to comfortably, after a number of harrowing experiences, recoup, recover, wake up to a grand chickenful breakfast. Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. You guys finish your rest, the servants are eager to send you on your way, should you require anything else. Otherwise, you guys continue your journey? All right. You guys walking north? Okay. Who's leading? Well, you know. (laughter) This is, by the way, the benefits of Identify spells and things like that. But going forward, if you have something you don't know about, you can always go to people with those abilities and be like, could you see what the fuck this does? Allura or Gilmore could probably do that for you. Aw, so good. All right, so. You guys start heading northward, you're leading then, Vex? Make a survival check. Technically in the forest, since you're moving through. Not a problem. Utilizing the backtracking of the path you guys took through anyway, is there anything you want to do while you're in the forest? Pushing through? Okay. So you keep moving north-- Continuing pushing forward, I'd like you all to make a stealth check. (something clatters offscreen) With disadvantage, Pike. Yeah, you're fine, you're no longer exhausted. Too late. So as you guys are making your way across the path, keeping as quiet as you can, Pike, you're starting to fall behind a little bit, and in trying to catch up, you get a run on before you start to hear this (hiss) out of the side of the forest, and you see a deep blue scaled-looking lizard entity. You see in the distance a basilisk that's coming over the ridge. Okay, then you're hanging with her and you see this as well, what are you guys doing? It's about, it's about 30, 40 feet off. It's the same size as the other ones, they're about five and a half, six feet from nose to back end. Okay. First off, Pike, I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. You glanced over and saw it before you realized. 19, okay. Just the instinctual glance at it, you're like, oh crap, and you feel the impact of its gaze. However, you're a fairly hardy gnome and you resist the creeping stone-based enchantment. As you begin to run forward, Percy pushes behind you as Grog rushes forward, both of you guys recognizing that sound and averting your gaze, pick up Pike and you all begin charging forward. As you do, you can hear the hiss behind you gathered by a second one. (hissing) And the sounds of many feet charging through the snow quickly. I would like you guys all to go ahead and, we'll say for the sake of this, just roll dexterity checks. Or no, athletics. This would be your run speed on this one, sorry. If you're on the broom, you don't have to worry about it, you're not exerting energy to maintain a pace. Athletics. Okay. You guys all manage to maintain a fairly decent pace; these creatures are fairly quick and as they begin to catch up, you begin to use your guidance as a person who knows the forest fairly well to begin ducking in and out of areas, using snowbanks at your disposal. At one point, Grog, you see a partially broken old dying tree that you just go ahead and grab and throw behind you. Make a strength check? 21. With one hand you grab it and, boom, the actual trunk, old and long-rotted, snaps and falls behind you with a large impact. You believe from the sound of it, it at least hit or halted one of them for a short time, it's just a (snarl) sound. And as you guys continue pushing forward towards the northern side of this forest, the sound of the hissing begins to slowly subside as you dodge back and forth, zigzagging across this pathway. Eventually you guys, over about an additional hour and a half of pushing forward, you hear, and have not heard any following hissing sound for a while, and eventually see before you the outside of the Frostweald Forest finally approaching. With that, you guys push through the last elements of this frozen forest, back into the fields heading northward towards Westruun proper. With that, we're going to take a quick break. (cheering) And welcome back, everybody. So. Returning from-- Stop dying. Returning from that harrowing endeavor, you continue your trek northward toward Westruun. It is a few days' travel to make your way, a little over two days, I think, from where the Frostweald is, you can stop and pass by the camp at the lake if you wish to, or continue pressing forward, it's up to you. You guys stop by the Foramere Basin, where you originally saw the encampment of some of the survivors of the Westruun incursion by the Chroma Conclave. As you approach, some of the guards immediately come up, crossbows up, when they notice who it was before previously, they lower their weapons and one of the guards comes forward, approaches you, saying, "Good to see that you've "returned. We've managed to also acquire our recently captured individuals, most at least have "come back safely, it's appreciated. If you wish to talk to Cornelius, well, he should be up and "about. I'll take you." Leads you guys into the camp. As you find your way in, folks around you tend to stop again and watch you quietly as you pass, a few with smiles, and you see a few people wave and say, thank you. And you do see a couple of individuals that you did help escape from the orc encampment, they themselves are still on the mend, a lot of them were fairly brutalized when they were there, but the same child that you found in the tent just runs up and gives a big ol' hug to Vex and holds you for a second, then lets go and runs back off to her mother. You're led back to the tent where Cornelius originally met with you guys, but Cornelius is outside of the tent right now, just in the process of cutting firewood that's going to be used for the firepits later on. You imagine that they don't go to other nearby wooded areas and cut them down? And that's what happens. (laughter) Let's not remember the second Matrix. Cornelius is there. What little bit of timber they've managed to scavenge or find from local wooded areas, Cornelius sits there, wipes his brow, his sleeves rolled up. "Oh. Hold on just a second." He puts his axe down and walks over, wipes his hands. "Well, you're true to your word. And for "that I'm real appreciative. You did us a real favor and brought back some good people "alive and intact." "Cyrus did and I certainly had a very stern talking-to to that boy. But I--" (laughs) "That would be him, wouldn't it? Well, nevertheless, I appreciate it. Looks like "through some talks we might be able to bring most of us into Kymal for the time being. It's the town "to the west of here. It's small, it's cramped, but we figure at least that's better than being out "here in the open. And we have numbers there, so we'll be a little more protected." "Heading to Westruun yourself, now?" "Well, I wish you all the best of luck. Yeah. Figure if anyone could do it, it'd probably "be you folk. Well. I look forward to hearing from your victorious recovery of our homestead, and "I'll get the first round when we come back to our town." "Stay safe." He turns around and grabs his axe again and starts chopping through the wood once more. Drez Vina, who is the assistant to Master Quall. Who is the one that originally hired you. And by the fact that he called a debt on the initial enchanted ruby that you used on your first endeavor, yeah, you get the feeling that whatever this object is that he gave you, it's probably on loan. So you guys continue forward into Westruun? You guys have traveled for one day, you've gone into the evening, you can take a rest here or, you know, rest within your mansion on the outskirts of this encampment before it roots up and starts heading back to Kymal relatively soon. You guys then, the next morning, can continue your trek northward, and you can probably get to Westruun by the end of day, if you travel quickly and consistently. Well, you have three of those, so you have to get rid of the necklace. Oh, that's right. That's true, no, you're good. Okay. You guys, during this journey, find your way northward. Are you skirting around the west side like you did when you first arrived? All right. It was like waist-high or so. There were areas where there was, like during the thick farmland, there are areas where they have high-stalk. Okay, so you'll be pretty much dodging from farmland to farmland, on the outside. I need you all to roll stealth checks, if you could? All right. All right, as you guys leap into the high grass, moving around the outside of Westruun, eyes peeled, as the sun sets and the night kicks in, you try your best to watch for any patrols that are keeping an eye. Make a perception check. All right. The three of you guys glance over and you do see there is a patrol of three individuals, one of which appears to be goliath in nature, the other two humanoid of some degree. In the distance, it's hard to see this far away. And they're patrolling the same area where you guys came through before. It appears like the patrol has increased, like there's a mildly heightened state of awareness that something bad went down recently. However, you stay far enough away and out of sight, they do not catch visual on you and eventually you get enough distance northward where you feel like they haven't really noticed. Yeah, you passed that area, yeah. You did not see him, no. So you're heading forward to do that? Make a new stealth check. As you guys hold back and you-- 39, okay. So as you guys wait in the back, staying low to the grass, you watch as Vax dives into the field and vanishes. You, darting in a forward way, find your way to the outside of the initial crop-grid. There does not appear to be any guards that are watching this property. You recall the various avenues you guys utilized in systematically making your way from path to path. It takes you a few minutes, but you manage to find an area that looks familiar enough where you find your way into the center of one of the crop lanes where the corpse of Horace recently was. Roll a perception check. 27. You get there and you glance about. But the body's gone. Body's not there, it's taken. You start following the trail, you see where maybe it was dragged off. Make a survival roll. 18, okay, so you find signs of his body being dragged and you start trying to find the direction it was taken. You dart along, once again keeping within the crops as best you can to stay out of sight. You make your way out of the northern side of it before the trail disappears. You do not know where the body was taken, other than north and outward. You glance over and all you see is the original farmhouse where Reginald was living, there's the crops out there, there's the big scarecrow that was in the center. There wasn't a scarecrow before. You look over real close and you see, strung up across a haphazard wooden spike, arms out, is the currently being pecked apart body of Reginald, who apparently suffered the brunt of the discovery of Horace's corpse in the time that has transpired since you last left Westruun. At the moment? No. The patrol's probably a good ten minutes before it's seeming, because it's headed in the direction where you are but you don't know, probably take ten or 15 minutes before they reach where you are. Okay. Cut the ropes off, he slumps down. Okay. Make a stealth check with disadvantage. Okay. Though he wasn't a very heavy individual, and especially now that he's been out to dry for at least a couple days, most of the bloat has worn off and the-- not going into graphic detail, elements of the corpse have been left behind. You bring most of him with you through the grass over to the rest of the group. You guys watch as Vax pulls his way up out of the grass, carrying over his shoulder the lifeless body of Reginald. So you guys quietly press down in a small area of grass to give you enough of a space for you to go ahead and perform this ritual. As you lay the body down, you look up to the sky and where some of the cloud cover that is slowly drawing over the area, there's a little gap in the clouds, and as you look up to the now-visible stars, you whisper Sarenrae's name, look down at the body, touch it with your hand, and the still corpse, the chest begins to rise and fall with an unnatural breath for the time being. The eyes begin to twitch and move around. No physical movement beyond that, but the mouth slowly draws open and you hear, while the lips do not move, you hear a voice emanate through like an exhale. "You returned." "I knew what I was getting into. Do not fret or blame." "I told them it was me. They should not and could not know your intent to return." "They brought me to one of their leaders. Half-tattooed face and brow and rags. His jaw, "once broken, pushes to one side. I know not the name." You recall the tattoo, and you recall the moment the jaw was broken. This was Zanror. "Fear those that are fueled by rage, skilled with weapons, and those that call the elements "their own. And the dragon does come." "Two days." "Tell her that my life was given so she could live hers. And my memory lives in her eyes." And with that, the head just lolls back a little bit, the jaw hangs open, the last of the breath in the chest (exhales) and the magic fades. Vax, are you taking the corpse back? Stealth check with disadvantage. Yeah, carrying him along, man. Rogues. Coming back, as you approach the outside you can see now the patrol has skirted by and you have to wait patiently, but not wait too long because you know you have about a 30-second window before they will come into sight of this farmstead. Using that, you dart forward, take the body, thrust it up, trying to catch-- I want you to go ahead and make a dexterity check to see how fast you can utilize what rope is at your disposal. 17. With that, you throw the body up, look over your shoulder, grab out, pull out bits of twine you have, a piece of rope or a piece of your shirt that you (tearing noise) tear off to the side, and fashion a quick knot over one arm and the other, you look over your shoulder again, you can see the shadow of them beginning to just turn around the side, you get the other arm up, just manage to slump it over the wood. You know there isn't any more time, and with that you duck back underneath the grass and vanish. He's haphazardly up and one arm is not actually tied, it's just kind of laid over it, but he's currently back on the wooden stake, across. As you dart back and slowly return to your group, glancing over in that direction, the patrol doesn't seem to take notice and continues walking past. You guys, most of you, other than the twins, head into the magnificent mansion. An evening that is restful by definition but still wracked with tension and anxiety. You guys watch throughout the night, relatively uneventful, though a cool evening. Without building a fire, you both do have to keep bundled up against the elements. It's not cold enough to the point where it's going to be impactful, but it is chilly. The farting does keep you warm, Vax. Make another tinker check. 21. Okay. You made headway. You've constructed a portion of the seat and the apparatus that connects it to the broom without interfering with the enchantment. Right now it's testing that and then getting the stirrups and making sure that it's functional and not going to get her killed. Want to go ahead and utilize the delightfully presented brewing vicinity in the-- All right, sure. Okay. I'll say, what level is that? I don't know what that was. Now reaching housewares, spell scrolls. Third, that would be an uncommon spell scroll, that would put it, I'd say that'd put it about-- how many gold pieces? I'd say you begin the process of brewing one. It'll take you a little while to get that done. A few days, at the very least. All right, so. Yes. Okay. In the meantime, while you're reading that, you guys are doing what? Okay, fair enough. As the evening progresses, you guys rest, preparing yourselves for the next day. You guys-- You guys are woken up right as the sun begins to rise by the distant sound of (roar, sweeping wings). You shake Vax awake and you guys look up from the grass and you can see, coming down from the very very top of Gatshadow, you see the wings unfurled and with each swoosh down, the gargantuan black dragon streaks down, dive bombs just past the Bramblewood, and scoots over the entire city of Westruun, making its presence known. As it just roars out (roar, sweeping wings), circling over the city twice, three times, as you see lights going on in the city. As it goes over three times, seemingly content that it's made its presence known and asserted its vocal dominance over the vicinity by instilling some early-morning fear in the denizens of this town, the dragon then lands a little bit northwest of the city itself. It's hard to make out exactly what's happening at this distance, but you see it, at its size, circle around an area, scrape into the dirt a bit, take a moment, makes a couple of grumbled (snarls). Takes one of its claws and scoops up a large cart that has apparently a few sacks inside of it. And its wings (sweeping wings). It begins taking up in the air again and you can see now there are three goliaths that are walking away from the point. As the dragon turns and scoops one up in its other claw. And the two others turn around and watch it as it takes off towards the top of the mountain, unable to do anything. Up onto Gatshadow. Nobody sees this except for the twins. No, you guys are in another plane. You look out the window and it's just like this purple expanse. You guys find your way back to the door, entering the mansion. Servants have already, at the sound of you entering, begin to appear out of their spectral, ethereal states, bowing to you, offering to take your coat. "Right away, sir." And they drift off to prepare your bountiful breakfast. Eventually you go ahead and begin to muster the rest of your party down towards the breakfast area, and the rest of you come to consciousness and find your way to where the food is being served and Vex and Vax both wait, rather stone-faced, and prepared to speak. There are multiple entrances to the city. The few that you've seen are guarded with outward-facing defensive spikes and pikes that are set up to prevent any sort of like cavalry entry or just as a warning. Yes. Do you remember? It was Stonejaw. So Stonejaw Strongjaw. (laughter) I know, yeah. Other brother Darryl. There will be no survivors. Their movement speed, yes. Yeah. It's everything-- However, Polymorph is any beast form, if I recall. A "beast." Yeah, this, you'd be looking at more of an illusion-based spell like Alter Self. No, you'd be a very, very tiny goliath. All right. So you're using Move Earth? You're going underground to do it? Okay, I see, and then create like the trench tunnel underneath, okay. Okay, Move Earth is a concentration up to two hours. If you're doing a 40-foot square it could be like 20 feet lower for every 40-foot square you can do, yeah. Okay. So we'll say over the two-hour period you could create, for a 40-foot square, like a hundred feet deep, 120 feet deep-- The whole entrance? Okay. So you dig underneath. Stealth check to get close enough. Because in digging, it'll take you most of that duration to dig up to the gate. Yeah. I'd say, so in order to do this, you have to actually get fairly close before you start digging down there. 19? Okay. All right, so. You make your way up there, moving through the grass best you can. The guards that are there are partially (yawns) coming to, you begin to slowly manipulate downward into the ground using a relatively untouched patch of high grass for cover, and pushing your way through. Over the next two hours, you manage to dig a ditch, the width of this entrance is about 40 feet. So from end to end, if you just go straight down from there at 20 feet per section every ten minutes, looking at 240 feet deep if you wanted to go the full, although, actually, having to tunnel underneath would probably take-- we'll say 180 feet. Yeah, you give yourself enough of a buffer where yeah, you could, might require a bit of a jolt, make an intelligence check. Okay. You feel pretty confident that you've left just enough of a surface that it would support a little bit of weight and maintain its placement. But upon the weight of maybe two humanoid-sized individuals, it would probably crumble beneath. What is a little bit? Okay. Okay. All right. You pepper it on the earth from underneath. Okay. Which one? Minor Illusion, you could, it's a very minor illusion. But you could make noise escape from the vicinity of where the head is. If you're close enough to it, it's possible. Yeah. Polymorph-- there are higher-level spells that can let you it, but they're a little out of your range. A wyvern is a dragon, it is not a beast. A wyvern is a dragon, it is not a beast. Because of the building, or the structure of it for about 30 feet on the outside of the wall it's mainly just hard-packed dirt and earth from patrols for hundreds of years going around the wall, whether it be carts, beasts of burden, or just people walking all around the outskirts of the town of Westruun, it's very heavy-packed and often-walked earth. Zero coverage within 30 feet of it, and the grass does thin as it gets close to that. Keyleth had to pick a specific area and get low and even then had to force her way under and use a good, you know, a quarter of her spell time to be able to dig well enough to get past that space. Not really. The grass at that point gets about waist- to knee-high, even less so. As you guys have plotted this, and Keyleth has come back to you through the grass after creating this tunnel, I'd say you're about 150, 200 feet out. Yeah, you know it well. Yeah. The grass dies, begins to die away, and become in-- not helpful for stealth about 80, 70-80 feet outside the wall. Okay. Pass Without a Trace, even so, you can't stealth in the open. In order to stealth, you have to have some way of staying out of sight. Once you get to about 70 feet from the wall, it's basically just open ground and the large wall that surrounds Westruun. Okay. So. What's the plan? Who's doing what? Okay. To be fair, yeah, and he is a gnome. He is not a very heavy individual. And you were pretty spot-on-- You're fairly certain it can support the weight of a gnome. There are the three guards there, about 20 feet in from the main gate, or the main entranceway, one of which appears to be a female goliath, muscular scar-based torso, very thick, dark, dreaded hair that's pulled tightly to the back of her head and hangs down to the mid-back, and you see two humans that are also as rugged-looking, possibly members of the secondary tribe that they adopted, as was mentioned when you first inquired about the tribe as it currently stands, the Herd. They're all just looking out, bored, one of them is chewing on some dried meat, and they're just keeping an eye out. Scanlan, you've gone invisible and you're approaching the front gate. What are you doing? Okay. Yeah. Just for the sake of this, go ahead and make a stealth check. With advantage. Yeah, they have very little chance to even notice. Yeah. Given the circumstance that you're invisible and that advantage roll, even the quietness of your footsteps, you manage to literally walk within five feet of them without them noticing. You hear some low mutters, some of it's just like broken words, "Stupid hungry--" And the larger female goliath is like, "Shut up. Eyes peeled. I hate this." They look very unhappy about having to be stuck there at this watch. So you've moved past them, now. Yeah, the very center of town is about a 15-minute walk from the outside of town. How long does your invisibility last? An hour. Okay. You start coasting through the town, you come towards a T-intersection of where the road continues forward and turns to the right, you can see a number of the buildings, just like you saw previously on you guys' journey, some of them are charred and black from fires that have been set. Some of them, you do notice as you pass by, large elements of the buildings have just dissolved, melted down by some sort of chemical reaction. Many buildings still stand. You do see that there are broken barrels and crates in the streets, it looks like a lot of what may have been in storage or being brought around as commerce has been ransacked and raided or relocated. You do see a couple carts that are half-broken or just up on the side, with whatever's on the inside pulled out. You do manage to see a couple of horses that were killed during some altercation that were just left rotting in the middle of the street. There are no people visible on the street. Make a perception check. At this point now? In the two hours for you to do that digging, it's close to 1030, 1100 in the morning. 13. Okay. You keep walking past, you don't notice anything that catches your attention. You keep moving towards the center of the town. You start moving through the religious district of the middle of Westruun. Make another perception check. 19. You glance by what you knew previously in Westruun as the central church of Erathis there. It's a rather, in comparison to the rest of the town, a gaudy temple. But it has been defiled fairly heavily. You can see paint, mud, or some other substance has been smeared across parts of it, portions of the rock have been pushed over and collapsed. You do glance and see a small humanoid peeking through one of the ajar doors that you see, for a second you see a set of eyes, then it sees you and closes the door. You keep moving towards the very, very center of town, moving past a couple of other patrols. You've passed, even in just this journey into the center of-- journey to the center of Westruun-- you've passed roughly 30 or so well-armed, relatively savage individuals that mark the same civilized level of Grog, give or take some further steps into society. Many of them are wearing pieces of clothing that have been taken from this town, they're dressed better than their station, you know, rough-looking, big, thick, unshaven faces for the humans, but they're still like dressed in pompous clothing that's partially torn and smeared. They're a walking parody of the people that once ruled this town, and they seem to know it. They're enjoying this gloating. Eventually you make your way to the central town square, which is not far from where the Margrave's home is. This area, you do notice, has been set up as a defensive central location. There are just barriers and barricades of all sorts of furniture that have been nailed together and this has been made an assault post, where if anyone were to attempt to attack the center of this town, this would be a wonderful defensive position for someone to hole up and wait it out, whether it be against other people or a dragon. It has been built with the best of their ability in that regard. And there are a number of weapons that they've taken from the city that have been bolted in, that have been strapped around, so there's just like jagged edges of halberds and whatever blades they could muster in every direction, therefore if anything wasn't being very careful and running through here, they could be easily shoved into one of these hazards or perhaps even pushed onto it as a means of display. Which you do notice, on a number of these, various heads are currently placed as warning symbols, in varying states of decay. You recognize two of the heads. One of which is-- Sorry. One of them you recognize as the Margrave who once ruled Westruun, whose home Kevdak currently keeps as his own. And the other, let's see if I can recall what this one is. I have it written down here. Hey, man, got to keep up with this. (laughs) Pretty much. Ah, okay, here we go. Here we go. Okay. Loran the Bear. Loran the Bear was a mercenary that you guys faced off with the first time that you fought in the brawlers' league. You guys had a playful rivalry? You kept running into each other when looking for various-- But there you see him, or what remains of him, placed on one of these weapons. It looks like anybody who has attempted to rise up or at least make a stink about the current ruling class in Westruun have been put on display in this square in some way, shape, or form. You see a rather heavy group of well-armored goliaths and other savage-looking humanoid individuals. Mostly human, you see a couple half-orcs, but it's a total of ten of them that are all currently scattered throughout this central area, some of them just sitting down, snacking, a few that are just keeping watch, and a number that are hovering in and out of the door of the main area, giving orders and carrying some small supplies around. Right. Also, there's no response. The range on those earpieces are roughly two miles. Well yeah, Westruun's a pretty big town, and it's-- Okay. Stop it. All right. You guys are perched on the edges of that. Scanlan, what're you doing? That's going to be right at the steps of the Margrave's manor. Okay. And with that, (explosion), this burst of thunder comes blasting out centrally from where you are located, Scanlan. The DC on this, with your-- It's spell, what's your DC? 20. Okay. Six fail, one succeeds on this save. So you hit them and they're all forced backwards, some of them up onto the stairs, some against the wall. Roll 2d8 points of damage. Mm-hmm. Yeah. It's just 11. All right, and one of them takes five points of damage and (impact sound) looks down at this little gnome that's there. Invisibility, I'm pretty sure that as soon as you do-- The spell ends for a target that attacks or casts a spell. Yeah. Yeah, you can cast other instantaneous spells, but as soon as you cast a spell you become visible. High-level invisibility, improved invisibility is the one that remains. I'll say, do you have Greater Invisibility? Yeah, at that moment you suddenly become visible. The surprise round, they weren't expecting it. Roll initiative right now. Rolled a one. I'm rolling them group initiative on this one, because I don't want to roll six different initiatives in this order. They all look at you dumbfounded. "We got an intruder!" Pull out their weapons, get ready. Two of them (growl) at you really angrily. What are you doing? What are you doing, Sam? Wait, on the, to the house-- Oh! How far is the range on Dimension Door? Wait, so. You were peeking, are you referring to the-- Right. Okay, got you. All right, so you're going to that temple. That's probably about 1000 feet from you, you can Dimension Door closer to it. Okay. You appear to the back end and around the road, just around the corner from where the entrance to that area is, so you're a little ways away. As you appear, catching your breath, you look over your shoulder and you hear in the distance more, a couple yells, and a bell starts going off (ringing) in the center of the town square. You guys can hear in the very distance a series of bells beginning to go (ringing). What're you doing now? No no, you just moved 500 feet in one second, they have no idea where you went. You just showed up, went "Bye!" and vanished out. Okay, you do see the temple. You're on the interior of it now, and looking inside you know a portion of it is collapsed, there's an open view on the second level where a whole corner of the secondary floor and first floor have fallen in, big pile of rubble, you can see the sky. There as you appear, you look around, you hear a series of gasps as you can now see huddled inside of this temple roughly 30 or so people, varying ages, varying racial backgrounds. These are some of the survivors in Westruun that are keeping in here, whether it be hidden, or at least this is where they live now. They look in various states of personal brutality that's been put against them, some of them are wounded, a few of them draw weapons immediately, and turning around, you see hunkered down inside a half-orc that rushes around, his hat half-kilter, his coat up with his shoulder, mantle part of his collar pressed upward, spins around, puts his blade out. "You've got to be kidding me. Scanlan Shorthalt." As Dr. Dranzel stands there before you. (cheering) It's all survival. All right, then we'll pick it up from there next week. All righty, guys, we're going to go ahead and take a few minutes here to hunker down and prepare for the savage unwrapping of many presents that you, the community of Critical Role, have put in our direction. All of us so eternally undeserving, but so incredibly appreciative of all that you guys do, both to help with the charities that we support and spend your time being so awesome and creative and we're going to go ahead and-- We'll, I'm sure, have a few videos to show that may also include our new intro. TALIESIN, MARISHA, and