Welcome and good evening, everyone. Welcome to this week's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us voice actors, who are also huge geeks, sit around and roll dice and have a good time in the wondrous journey of Dungeons & Dragons. We'll go ahead and get things started with some character backstories, have a settle in here, get the cameras ready, and then we'll start the action as soon as we return. So we'll see you guys here very soon. [rock music] [dramatic music Also, as a note, we're still doing the subscriber giveaways tonight. Our next goal is 2700 subscribers. We'll be giving away another tabletop promo kit that are exclusive only to this now. You cannot find them anywhere else. So we'll be giving one of those away to somebody in the chat room, once we hit 2700 subscribers. Which is awesome! Also, we have our charity we run every week, 826LA. Marisha, if you want to explain that a little bit. Which is also great! Tutor to teach them to write modules for D&D. Exactly. And also, if you donate to 826LA at the end of the show today we'll read off some of the messages you guys wrote as part of donations, at the end of the show, so we'll give you personal thanks for that at the end of... of today. So that's be cool. Also, I'm wearing a shirt. You notice it's grey-ish colored, this is our second run of the first-- And I say first, because there's hopefully more to come soon-- Critical Role shirt. You guys keep asking for it, we finally set up a Teespring. It'll only be up for the next two weeks, and we're trying to hit certain goals, so that if we manage to hit a thousand tees sold, we're going to go ahead and do another full cast Q&A. If we can all find any that we're available for. But yeah, so these shirts are available. They're on Teespring.com/Critical-Role. We've already had a few trolls go in there and create their own T-shirts, and say that they're official when they're not, so don't buy those. So this grey with full cast setup there. After this. This'll be your one chance to get this design, and we have more stuff coming down the road hopefully. But yeah! So check it out Teespring.com/Critical-Role. If you guys want one, go grab one. Also, quick little things you want to promote that we've been working on recently. Marisha and Taliesin? You said you wanted to... Speaking of Black Widow... It's a whole new weird arc. That's awesome. Go check that out. Watch Laura go and destroy a bunch of folks on another game. Ooh, that sounds awesome. I have something, but you're next. Awesome. He gives good villain. Yeah.There you go. Also I have the pleasure today to announce that I am the voice of Tim Drake, Robin, in Arkham Knight. So I'm excited about that. I know, pfft! Who's going to touch it? Yeah... that was a huge honor, so I'm really excited about that. So if anyone has anything else? Those are our announcements for this evening. We can hop on in. Also, those that the t-shirts, I think it just got set up in the chat room that if you scroll all the way to the bottom there will be a button for you to find the t-shirts, so even easier way of getting to them. Check it out. Anyway! So, into the game. Let me go ahead and get the music going because I think that's a required aspect of this as far as I'm concerned. So. As a quick overview as to where we were, the party essentially was given a quest from the capital city of Emon to find the missing folk hero Lady Kima of Vord, a halfling paladin, very well known, who had gone missing while on a pilgrimage vision quest over the past year. She had been missing for a number of weeks, nearly months at this point, and you were sent to the dwarven city of Kraghammer to find and bring her back safely. After going to the city, you discover that she had delved into the mines, seeking some sort of extremely dark evil that was seated somewhere deep beneath Kraghammer proper. In searching for her, you managed to find your way through the mines into the entrance passage into the Underdark. The Underdark which is a very scary place. You've encountered a number of subterranean beasts and creatures, some of which are unnaturally mutated or altered by some sort of magic you cannot place. Upon going through these caverns, a few battles with duergar, the ashen-skinned evil subterranean dwarves-- further subterranean dwarves, I guess you'd say, and encountered your first mind flayers, illithids, which seem to have allied, strangely, with the duergar. Normally enemies by nature, they're working together under what you discovered in sense is a common enemy referred to as K'Varn. Nothing really is known of K'Varn, other than it has a great power and has united these two forces for some nefarious purpose. Apparently these abominations, and these strange mutations you've encountered, these experiments, also seem to have been created by K'Varn, though no one knows quite why or how. As you traversed down, you managed to... befriend a arcanist mind flayer that was cast out from the colony, named Clarota, who has aided you under the intent that you would help him free his people of the slavery of K'Varn and release the mind flayers to their own normal state of mind. And you've made your way to the duergar fortress, Emberhold, found and released Lady Kima, who underwent many, many weeks of torturous experiences to come through still firm of mind and ready to kick some ass. Through a very painful battle in the Emberhold, you managed to pull your party out, only a few of them turned to stone, and with a foot burned off. (all laugh) (laughs) So get on enchanting that, Tiberius. Grog-jack? Whenever he gets taken, it gives a little beeper in your pocket. So, the party then, in trying to locate Grog's position, found their way delving past the lava fall-based element of the obsidian rock duergar Underdark. Deeper into discovering this... cursed... pit of undeath, bone shards, and glass. Upon traversing it they encountered one of these abominations that you've seen traces of left before, this weird, half... partial elven, partial tentacle monstrosity, that slashed through your party, nearly killed Trinket, but was defeated by you. You managed to make your way across this bone field and discover what appears to be a camp, across a number of pillars in the distance. Vax went ahead and stealthed up, looked over and saw that there was a camp of duergar, and apparently the surviving Queen Ulara giving them orders. Next to Grog, who is currently bolted by iron bands to some sort of a cart that they've been dragging him through this tunnel passage with. And that is where we have left off. So. All right. So Tiberius, roll a stealth check. 16? Okay. So, as Tiberius coasts up along the back portion of Vax's arrival point... You notice one of the duergar looks over his shoulder in your direction. And begins to make a few steps in that direction. All right. So the duergar continues to move forward towards the edge of the rock... All right, so the rest of you guys go ahead and roll stealth. And... you got one of them. All right, so the rest of you... It doesn't matter at this point. Okay, so the rest of you begin trudging in, down this tunnel, towards the edge. Clarota and Kima are... (laughs) holding up the back rear end. As Scanlan approaches, the duergar immediately turns around. All right,simultaneously, as you approach, the duergar looks behind, gives you a glance, and you can see his eyes, normally pupil-less eyes of the ashy-skinned duergar are now glowing with an odd dull green color that you haven't seen in duergar previously, and he starts rushing towards you. He's going to make a simultaneous round rushing up to you for an attack while you release your two attacks against him and you release your dagger. This calls for a music change. Okay. Good to know. All right, the first duergar swings at you with his war hammer. To you Scanlan, that comes down with a 12. Versus your armor class, yeah. You pull back and the giant war hammer swings past you and you duck out of the way. Thankfully, though the duergar are relatively small, you're much smaller, and as a gnome you slip right out of the path of the actual hammer blow. Your first arrow misses, second one you said hits? 25 definitively hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight damage. All right, so, after he swings past Scanlan, who ducks out of the way, one arrow (whizzing sound effect) just cruises over his head and you hear it scattering and clattering against the rocks in the distance. He looks over in your direction as the second one just grazes his shoulder. You can see a little bit of blood begin to spill, but it doesn't even turn his head towards the wound, he's still just glaring at you angrily while you throw your dagger from behind. Him not even aware of your presence, currently. Yeah. We're buying you new dice next week. So! As you pull Tiberius back, clutching the front of his snout, keeping him quiet, you pull a dagger out, toss it in the air, catch it and fling it at full speed, striking true. Go ahead and roll damage. With sneak attack bonus. Also multiplied because of the crit. All right. So. As he turns and the arrow strikes off his shoulder and he glares at you, Vex. He pulls back his hammer again looking down at Scanlan, coming down for a blow to basically bash his skull in, but he stops suddenly, as you see this blade protrude from the front of his skull. His glowing eyes fade back to a dull, pale whitish color, and his body slumps onto the ground as your dagger magically returns to your hand from below. Duergar down. Ulara. Queen Ulara. And the rest of you, are you all staying where you are? Are you coming forward with Scanlan? Okay. Keyleth... is no longer Keyleth. And then-- (swoosh sound effects) fades underneath the earth somewhere. Just slips into it, almost like sand through an hourglass, you just vanish beneath the surface of the rock. Kima steps forward, making a point to step angrily onto the corpse of the duergar. You hear the crunching of bone and metal as she steps over his corpse. Percy, you're approaching as well? Okay, so about there? All right. Clarota's going to move off to the side... here, and Pike is going to come and get the center point she feels the most applicable to heal. Yes? You don't see right now. Grog, which is right over here. Okay. All right, so. Tiberius also vanishes from view. You glance over your shoulder, Vax, and notice that Tiberius is just gone. Just (whoosh) vanished. All right. So. As you shouted this out, the secondary duergar now turns and... First off, make a persuasion check. Well, no, in this case intimidation, I think, is what this is going to be. I'll say okay, because it is a different skill, so yeah. You'll get about there with this round. 22? All right. As you shout this, the duergar grabs this warpick from his side, looks at you angrily, and begins to step forward, as a giant grizzly bear and the rest of the party filters up behind you in full flying V formation. He puts his pick to his side and yells off his shoulder, "My "Queen. We've got company!" As he does, the flaps of the far end of the tent, here, open up. There's a dwarf there, not a duergar, but a dwarf that is standing there to the side, that steps out of the way, and Queen Ulara steps out, as well. You see her angrily look off to the side. "(sighs angrily) Well, then. It "appears that we have some business to discuss." And she begins to step past the front of the fire way. Stopping right next to the fire pit, keeping a good 15-foot distance, with her arms crossed. The dwarf comes and flanks her on this side, and you now see-- while I cannot seem to find the figure for the life of me right now to represent it. We'll use this, for the time being. There is an elf also flanking her. Normal looking elf, dressed in what looks like a fine chainmail attire. Longsword at the side. So there's an elf and a dwarf, both flanking. They are at her side, like they're ready to defend her. "Talk, small annoying creature, and perhaps it'll delay the inevitable." Hold that thought just for a second. Percy, go ahead and roll a perception check. Okay. Continue. All right. Behind where this pillar is, in the ground? All right. So, at that response, and you're noticing now as you're getting a better glance at the queen, too, the normally white, pale duergar eyes have a strange green glow-ish hue to them. As do the two individuals to the right and left of her. And she just looks you square in the face. "You took my king from me. Came and slayed him in his own throne room. You took something I love, I "take something you love. He's mine now. And I'm bringing him to his greater destiny." At which point, a loud, horrendous streaking sound pierces the ears of everyone in this vicinity. As appearing out of a ripple of energy, a once-invisible mind flayer goes cascading out a mind blast in a cone that just tears through the entire group here. Scanlan, Vex, Pike, as well. Trinket, Percy, go ahead and roll an intelligence saving throw. Yes. Roll your saving throw for intelligence. All right. Percy. Yes, you do. Okay. Vex. Okay. And? So, you double over, clutching your skull, as the pain is too much to bear, and you find yourself unable to actually draw commands to your muscles for them to function. You are currently stunned. Roll for Trinket. Trinket falls to the ground with this horrible (bear groan) sound, digging his nose into the actual dirt to try and find a way to escape this piercing mental agony, this psychic damage... Both of you guys take 22 points of psychic damage, by the way. Pike also. Okay. Now we roll initiative, folks, because stuff has begun. No, essentially this triggers the combat now. This was an immediate occurrence. Now we're going into initiative order. I would say for the two that didn't act this turn, you guys can have advantage on the initiative roll because you guys have been holding your actions. So Tiberius, you can also have advantage on your initiative roll, since you guys were holding off. 21? You are stunned currently. You still roll initiative so we have the order that you go in. All right. We are. Guys, hang on. So 20 to 15? 18, all right, wow. We got some good initiative rolls, guys, good job! Okay. 15 to ten? There we go. Oh, yeah. Kima also fell stunned to that, unfortunately. All right, that brings us to.... I think that's everyone's initiative, right? Yeah, yeah everyone's in. All right, cool. So, top of the round. Percy, you're up first. Oh, did you not print them out? Monster Manual. Here we go. (funny accent) See, this comes in handy more often than you'd think. Of the, the mind flayer over here? Okay, so you whip around, he's there in your face, go ahead and make-- You're using your action surge to fire two additional times, you said? Okay, wow, four rounds. Go for an attack. 13? Unfortunately misses. Form shifts (whooshing sounds), and you can feel the psychic energy of its oppressive mental force, causing your hand to miss its aim with each pull of the trigger. 19 does hit. Okay. Third attack? Spin the barrel again on the Pepperbox (gunshot). All righty. That's doubled with the critical? Yeah. Or roll and double the dice number, but that's fine. Okay. Unfortunately. So the first one hits, the second one actually clips part of its chest and you can see, as it tries to use its psychic abilities to resist the bullet, it still pierces its chest in the side. Missing everything vital, still causing it to (makes painful hissing sound), sucks in the air for a moment. Okay. So going this way? Okay, cool. Probably should get out the laser pointers. You guys don't know; you haven't seen him yet. Yeah, on a cart. You haven't checked. Tiberius. You're up next. (laughs) Okay, where are you throwing it? Right here? Okay. So. As they're all sitting there, looking ready to pounce for this series of battle, all of a sudden there's a slight streak of reddish energy in the distance as you all are watching. It looks almost like the fire pit behind them just explodes in this giant fiery ball of red, angry magical fury. So go ahead and roll your 8d6 damage. 31 points of damage, okay. Queen Ulara you notice, as the duergar are generally considered-- as this blasts in this area as well-- both her and the duergar make their saving throw; they have magic resistance innately against it. Yeah, they're hardy creatures, man. However! The elf on this side ends up being thrown to the side and its entire body gets thrown about 20-30 feet across from the force of the explosion, landing on the ground lifeless, next to you. (skidding noise) On the ground, a burnt cinder. The dwarf takes the brunt of it as well. Appears to still be alive, but looks very horribly burned and is looking at its hands now like (pained grunting sound). Barely standing. Before we get to that point, Grog, you also take that damage. Because you said you threw it in the fire, there? Grog's right there. On a cart. I pointed here. Be specific next time! But yeah, that's okay. He can take it. Okay. All right, go for it. So as you coalesce this arcane energy into this blue, cold, freezing plume of... moisture in your hand, it forms into this giant jagged blade of ice, and you chuck it in a straight line. Go ahead and roll a d20 plus your spell attack modifier. 19 does hit, even with her mage armor. Okay, to her and everyone-- Go for it. Right. Yeah. What was the damage on the fireball? 31? 31 points of fire damage. To both of them? All right. Well, for one, four damage is enough, as the shards of ice from the back of Ulara's torso explode into this spray of jagged ice chunks. It pierces continuously the right side of this dwarf, who then falls to the ground, grasping at his wounds and trying to stand to his feet before falling over unconscious right there. (singing) Mysterious fireball, ice dagger source. Okay. You come to consciousness, in extreme pain as your entire body is immersed briefly in flame. We'll get to that in a second. Vex. Vax, sorry. Right here? All right. Right, roll a stealth check. Okay. In theory, combat already began when he attacked the rest of your party. Combat's begun. Sorry. Correct, but they've already attacked half your party with the mind blast, so in theory the battle's already begun. All right. That definitively hits, yes. 36 points of damage. All right. So, the mind flayer, which is... After it finishes a mind blast, you can see it beginning to eye what its next target would be. As Percy goes running off to the side, it looks over at its three freshly-stunned prey and begins to lumber towards what looks to be either Pike or Vex. But before it gets a chance to advance though, (whistling sound) out of nowhere your dagger (impact sound) pierces it in its shoulder. It looks at it and it grasps for it. As its hand tries to pull the dagger out, the dagger disappears in a plume of black shadow energy back into your hand as you throw the other dagger. 19 does also hit. All right. The other dagger, the creature actually puts up a little bit of a psychic field for a second and it stops its momentum. It does still manage to strike it, but with nowhere near the damage you were hoping it would. Cool, that ends your turn. That brings us to Scanlan. The mind flayer, the queen, and this duergar here that has not acted yet. (laughing) Okay! Yeah, it's a touch spell. All right. So. What's your spell DC? I assume you're using your hand cone? As you charge forward, you pull out your enchanted hand cone and shout the incantation towards her with an angry glare. It had a DC of 19 for that? Okay, even with her spell resistance, she does not resist it. Is it an intelligence or wisdom save? It should say what saving throw it is. I will do this for you. On a charisma saving throw or be banished. So, if it was on anything but a charisma saving throw, she would have shrugged it. Charisma, she does not have in spades. As you reach out, she pulls back and you see her beginning to form this crackling bolt of energy you've seen once before in the throne room that shot out and hit multiple members of your party once for a severe amount of damage. This would have been a very dangerous round if you hadn't connected with her right in front of her clavicle. She looks at you with this look of confusion and completely caught-off-guard frustration before her entire form (sucking sound) blinks out of existence and is no longer visible on the board. Yeah! All right. So Grog, as the flames die down, you look over and watch Scanlan rush up and completely, as far as you know, disintegrate the duergar queen who took you and has been torturing you these past few days-- With that, he looks over to you and gives you a little wink and a smile. Go ahead and take an inspiration dice, which for him is now a d10. So you can add that inspiration die to any ability checks, any skill checks, saving throws. All right, well, it would be Ulara's turn. She's going to go ahead and attempt to make her saving throw. Does not make it. Still somewhere in some other plane that you're unaware of. Keyleth, it's your turn. All right. (crashing sound) Grog, you, all of sudden, as you look over from Scanlan with this smiling face, this giant mountain of rock and earth just lumbers up out of the ground. You hear (makes deep gargled sounds) (laughs) It's your first time doing elemental form; you're still trying to figure it out. Okay. (laughs) He's strapped to a giant cart. Yeah. Because earth elemental. So you're there, now you still have about-- what's the speed of? 30. So you've got about, say, ten more squares, or I'm sorry ten more feet you can go. This way? All right, one, two, all right there we go. You're now being carried by this giant lumbering earth elemental that is just bringing you under its arm. Great! Vex? Do you make your saving throw? Intelligence. Intelligence saving throw, that should be at the top. 23. Using your mind, you shrug off the remainder of the ability. That does end your turn, but you're no longer stunned, which is nice. That's the end of your turn. Yes, Trinket as well, thank you. Yeah, so Trinket's still on the ground, slowly digging his nose into the dirt, trying to find a way to his-- No more damage, but currently is unable to function. Yeah, very bad news. Okay. That brings us to Pike, who's also going to try and make her saving throw. Fails it, unfortunately. Pike dropped her shield, dropped her mace, and is clutching the side of her head, screaming silently as the pain is wracking her brain from the inside. That brings us to this duergar, who's going to rush over to the one who just banished his queen and attempt to-- his physical form begins to swell with strength and frustration. The duergar swings at you with his war pick. That is... Cutting Words? Okay. So it's a 16. Go ahead and roll your d10 number. It's a d10 now. It's a d10 now. You leveled up, yeah! Now you have! Yep, so it's a 16. It was a four, so it takes that down from a 16 to a 12, which does miss. So as he rushes towards you-- He stops for a second, confused. He puts the war pick down for a second like, "Wait-- argh! "(groans) You gnome!" Doesn't know why he listened to you and is equally frustrated with himself now as he is you. (laughs) All right. That ends the duergar's turn. That brings us to-- Not yet. This is going to be, Kima is going to try and make her saving throw. Kima does make it! Does shrug off the effect. Turns around angrily, holding the greatsword that you gave her, staring off at the mind flayer right there. Clarota, however, is going to go ahead and turn this way. Coalesce a giant ball of electrical energy into his hand, and release an arcing blast of lightning energy towards this mind flayer, who does make its saving throw. However, it's still a nice 8d6 lightning damage. So, 20 points of lightning damage. As the blue energy arcs off, and you see it grounds itself on the incline of this tunnel you guys, have, heading down, the mind flayer visibly is burned, charred, wounded. It looks really really rough. That ends Clarota's turn, Kima's turn. Back to the top of the round. The mind flayer looks at its certain circumstance. Puts its hands together like this, it seems to concentrate... Okay. All right, it's a reflex. Counterspell in this edition is so good. All right so... this would be Counterspell. All right, Counterspell, so make an ability check, so add a d20 plus five to it. 22? That'll do it. So as this entity you've seen before, they tend to like create this small localized portal into some other plane, and then like step through and vanish. You see it begins to coalesce the same arcane energy, and for a moment you see a spark of some sort of door beginning to open. As Tiberius steps from behind the rock, releases this torrent of sparkling arcane energy that closes the gate entirely and the mind flayer for a second looks confused before it, across the way to wherever it came from and sees nothing. And is going to turn tail and run. Well, yeah essentially levitating away. It's more, its a gliding. it's a (whoosh) About five or six inches off the ground. Percy, you're up. A duergar. Okay. Hard to see him right now; there's a big tent in the way, if you want to take a step forward, continue moving. Okay. So, as you turn, pull your gun off to the side, (explosion) offhand fire-- 18 does hit. Nine damage, all right. All right. 18. That also hits. All right, so, as you turn the corner, you fire once, take another step forward, go (click) click over the next barrel, fire a second time. The duergar which was attacking you-- you see part of it's still burnt from the fireball which was tossed the first round-- he's frustrated and angry that you caused him to somehow lower his guard when he attacked you last. You see him gearing up for another two-handed strike down at this tiny gnome character in front of him. The first blow hits the war pick, knocking it out of his hands. He looks over, confused, at you as the second blast hits him right in the side of the face, completely destroying this side of his head entirely. This wet gurgle as the duergar slumps to the ground, almost on top of you, but you step out of the way as his body (boof) hits the ground right there. That's Percy's turn. Tiberius? Over here? Okay. So, as you fire this beam over here, it detonates in the distance, safely far enough away from the party. Go ahead and roll damage for that fireball. As the mind flayer that is drifting away glances over its shoulder, you see its greenish glowing eyes go wide for a second, cartoon-style, "oh, shit!" And, with its advantage against the spell-- it's a dexterity save, correct? Doesn't make it. 19, all right, 19 damage? Okay, as the mind flayer's drifting away, you guys see this arc of red, beaming energy (whoosh) off in the distance. (explosion) You see rocks cascade off the top of the wall, hitting the ground with a force as the entire tunnel shakes and rocks. As the smoke and the flames dissipate, all you see is this pile of blackened creature on the ground from where the mind flayer once stood. Grog. While they're all doing this, what do you want to do? Yeah, these iron bands are across your entire body. They've shrugged it off by now. Ulara still can't make her saving throw for the life of her, even with resistance. Oh, yeah. As you guys approach, and begin making your way up to the front here, grab these duergar. Over here? Okay. All right, so. As the rest of you all slowly trudge up and gather around this vicinity. There? All right, so. So you go ahead and you try and pull the bars off? Is that what you're doing? What are you doing? They're iron bands that surround you. Yeah, there's an intricate lock mechanism. All right, so, so the earth elemental lumbers forth and presents the cart on the ground in front of you (impact sound). One of the wheels (breaking noise). Cracks a little bit in the process. 17? Okay. They appear to be just general locks. There is a lock on them, yes. So go ahead and make your-- 19. (tink) The band that's part way across the waist opens freely on the hinge on the one side. Yeah, that was the one. So go ahead and make an athletics check. I mean, there's multiple bands around you. Across your shoulders, your torso, your legs, your ankles. Okay, you get a second band. You rolled a 25? And Marisha, do you want to go ahead and make an athletics check as well? Or that would be a strength check for you. For your form, your elemental form, to try and pull the bands off of Grog. Unless you want to do something else. Pike comes over and spends a 3rd-level healing spell. Okay, Trinket heals 21. Yeah, between the two of you, over the next few seconds or so, you pick the next one and with that remaining push, you force the rest of the bands off. Grog, you make your way up to your feet. There we go! At that point in time, there's a slight ripple in the space right before this fire pit, and in that place Ulara, Queen Ulara, reappears again. Yeah. Okay. All right. As you finish the spell, you can see this glow of yellowish holding energy, almost like these mystical shackles, begin to tighten around her and then fade, unaffected. Okay, so you go ahead and loose your arrow. So go ahead and roll for your attack. All right. 29? Okay, that does hit. You can see now, the second set of shackles spins around her, she brings her hand up like this and they just scatter around her, resisting a second Hold Person. Now all her saving throws are coming through. If you want to. So, damage on the attack? Oh there you go. See that, chatroom? 16 damage, all right. Okay, so go ahead and make an athletics check. I know, it's just a strength check, then. Roll a d20 and add your strength modifier. 23. You bound up behind her and as she looks over her shoulder, the arrow piercing her shoulder. She's looking pretty rough, you can see the blood beginning to pool underneath her robe there. Her eyes go wide. At which point, the giant arms go (impact noise) behind her and the earth elemental lifts her off her feet. (groans in pain) You can see her now, her feet dangling angrily in the air. A couple of seconds pass before she, "(pants) All right. So, let's make a deal, shall we?" "Valid point. What purpose do I serve? You should let me go." Are you rolling Persuasion for this? She goes, "I know many things." And she leans forward a little bit and then spits right in your face. Clarota, at which steps forward and brings his hand up. As Clarota steps forward, putting his hand out, this voice echoes through all of your minds communally. "Now... tell us what you know." And you see his eyes flicker with a strange blue energy. And you see Ulara's eyes glaze over and fill with the same blue arcane energy that Clarota was briefly having drift out of his eyes. Ulara stops struggling and the mouth goes into this weird grin for a second and just calmly says, "Liberation. Liberation is what it brings us. "Liberation from physical limitation. Liberation from the pain of the light." And she looks up as she says that. "We all shall rise. K'Varn, the Guiding Darkness. The sun shall hold no sway and "we shall walk the surface once again." "K'Varn came to us, showed us how through unification we could be better than we ever were." "K'Varn--" At which point, there's a shudder in her body and her eyes go from this strange blue color to this strange swimming black that covers the entirety of each eye. At which point, she shakes for a second. Her shoulders shift and you clutch her in your arms. As you do, you see the blackness now has that same green glow that the rest of them had, but it's framing the pools of shadow that her eyes have become. Her jaw falls slack for a second and this voice comes through. "Ah, there! (chuckles) There we "are. I can see you all so clearly." "You'd be surprised, dragonborn." (all gasp) "Word has reached my ears, but to see you, to look upon you, is everything. Come. You are "close, yes? Come to me, as my guests. I invite you. The temple doors are open. I'd like to see "you in person." "You're already on the right path. Come to me. You are my treasured guests." At which point, the blackness in the eyes begins to intensify and begin to spill like black tears from the face. Her body shudders before the back convulses, and then falls limp, a little bit of smoke rising from the mouth. She has definitely given up the ghost. All right, so as you guys glance around you find-- other than the usual assortment of objects you find are the armor the duergar, the Emberhold, make. Okay. You go and check out the charred remains. They are charred. They are remains. There is what looks to be about 86 gold on the body, but most anything of use has been charred or destroyed. There is the remnants of a breastplate that is burned over that most of the mind flayers use as a basic form of protection. As you inspect her body, as the earth elemental drops her (boof) with a thud to the ground-- Okay. You do notice there's a silver circlet across her forehead that does give off a magical aura. She carries on her one viscous, reddish potion that is familiar to you in the healing accoutrement of various potions you've had in the past. It is a potion of greater healing. There is another potion that has almost a blue, frosty color to it as you take the vial from where it sits in the rest. The actual glass that contains the liquid has a layer of frost crystals around it. Make an investigation check. He's almost done with checking the queen. Yes, you can. (laughs) Okay. What'd you roll on investigation? 13? Okay. You can't seem to find anything out of the remains of the mind flayer, unfortunately. Okay. (shoomf) The earth around your form seems to crumble, like a layer of rock. It hits the ground and dissolves into the stone beneath you. You check inside. It looks like there's some traveling blankets, some furs. You do also find a small case that contains a bunch of empty vials. There is one filled vial. A very large vial. And you find-- You can't have it with an Ioun Stone either, by the way. It's one or the other. It's a head slot. Correct. Okay. Anyone who wears it. It's great for a lot of people. Pike comes up and says, "I'm sorry! I'm sorry, Grog," goes over and places her hands upon you. As she's about to, Kima pushes her aside, and says, "I've got this." Walks up, and you can see this divine glowing energy. It fills her hands. She reaches out and touches you and this warmth fills-- this warmth fills your torso. Using her Lay On Hands ability, Lady Kima of Vord heals you for 38 points of damage. You look through the bodies. It looks like most of their adornments, other than the natural armor and weapons they have, nothing of particular interest. Make an investigation check. Okay. 16? Yeah, you're not able to really pull anything from their bodies, unfortunately. However, after Kima finishes healing you, Kima walks over to the dwarf corpse as you're inspecting it and gives it a look-over and shakes her head. (sighs) "This was one of my companions." "Well, judging by the scars across his body, he had already been made a thrall of one of the "illithid. Most likely the one that we finished back there." "There wasn't much to really bring him back at this point, I fear." And as you guys all look at Grog now, you can see him, he has hundreds upon hundreds of small scars across his body fresh wounds that have just barely sealed. It looks like they've done a number on him with a bunch of small blades, hooks, razors-- it's hard to tell. But he is coated with small cuts. You guys can short rest if you want to heal yourselves with your hit dice. Kima's with you. Kima's still looking over the body of the dwarf that's fallen. Go ahead and roll persuasion. Okay. Kima gives you a concerned look and goes-- "Oh dear. No, please." And the two of you begin to walk away for a moment, away from the party. Briefly, while the rest of you are left behind. Okay, things are getting a little weird. "None of this is normal. At all." "We're all under duress." "We're under a lot of duress. The more and more things-- people have emotions and I "understand that. It's all right." And she pulls the leather gloves off that are part of the full leather armor set and begins to inspect you. In the meantime, you guys can continue your discussion. Okay. A 14. All right. As you finish your statement as well, Keyleth, Clarota steps up and says, "I "wholeheartedly agree. She is unstable and cannot be trusted in her state." "We made a deal." "I'm not sure what this is. I'm sorry." Kima immediately turns around and says, "Okay!" And walks back to the group. Kima steps in at this point and says, "I agree. (sigh) We have quite a journey ahead of us." At which point, Clarota pipes up and says, "Indeed. We're not too far from Yug'Voril. Let us rest." "What for?" She puts her hand up and... in a matronly way. "It's honestly not a worry. War is stressful, "and all of us have been through a lot for this experience. I understand. I've been where you've "been, and it's not uncommon to question everything around you, and with good reason that's what "keeps you alive. Were you to believe every person that crossed your path, you would not have made it "past your 15th season. I can assure you, as best as I can, that I mean the best for all of us. I "just know that if we don't do what we're here to do, far more people will suffer than the few I've "brought down here to protect me and for me to protect. I'm not asking for your trust. I'm just "asking for your patience." "You caught me at a rough time." "Well, thank you." "That's bedtime is what that is. All right, everyone, let's go ahead and find ourselves a rest." All right. So as everyone goes to camp for the evening we are going to go ahead and take a break. Potty break for folks. We'll be back here in about ten or so minutes. All right, guys. Awesome See you in a little bit. [dramatic music] Welcome back, everyone. We've been sufficiently rested. First, we're going to say thank you and welcome to all our new viewers. Welcome to Critical Role and all of its chaos A bunch of voice actors playing Dungeons & Dragons. I also want to congratulate the first winner of our TableTop promo kit this evening, Zargross won. Well done. We'll be giving out another one at 2,750. So 2,750 subscribers and someone else in the chat room will win another promo kit. So that's cool. Also, t-shirts on sale, as of today. They are a limited run for two weeks. We are trying to get to our goal of 1,000 before that's done, hopefully. So you can just scroll down to the bottom of the Twitch page; you'll find a button there that will get you to that shop. So go for it! All right, so the 826 donation's working again. Yay! Let us begin. So after an evening's rest, taking your respective turns keeping watch, all of you come to consciousness once more. Clarota anxiously sits at the edge of the camping facility, looking deeper into the tunnel ahead, keeping his eyes peeled in the darkness. Anyway, you guys eventually come to consciousness and finish cooking whatever bits of food you've managed to muster at this point in time in the Underdark. Yeah, it is doughnuts. Under-doughnuts. By the way, all of those who contributed to getting us food tonight, thank you so much. Clarota seems slightly impatient as everyone is waking up and goes, "Come! Ahead, we shall find "it's Yug'Voril." "Beautiful city of secrets." "Without the colony, I serve no purpose. I am wandering, aimless. I wish to return to the "Elder Brain." "No. They threw me out long before, for my gift." And you see a little spark of arcane blue filter out of his fingers in the air and then (poof). Small spark. "It is an abomination to my "people. I am considered anathema. But to save them! To save my city, then they shall have me "back a hero." "They will. I can sense it." "Thank you. Forward, we will find shrouded in the forest of fungus our destination. Come." It begins to drift down into the dark tunnel further below. "It's how we get around, dragonborn." His tentacles flicker at his face for a second. As you guys continue forward in silence, K'Varn seems to be more chatty than usual, almost like the proximity is-- this is excitement to him, instinctually. I meant Clarota. It's been a long week. I know. Sorry. As Clarota drifts, "Our people, we are a structured "society. Together we provide for each other. Broken into creeds, we function rather "pleasantly." And he drifts forward again at full pace. "It's inherent, much like your gifts. It's just how we get around." All right. It'd be a history check. Like a super-super history check. 13? The name is as fresh to you as it was the day you heard it. She walks and she's using it almost like a stick in the dirt as she takes a step. "You know, "it's served its purpose so far, I just (sighs) I wish... I wish that vault wasn't lost. Leather isn't "my idea of defensive." "Perhaps?" "Certainly." (laughs) She looks to you, specifically. (laughs) "Perhaps we'll find a more modest place to swap, but yes, I agree." Some of you summon the stapler straw. (laughs) All right, so. As you continue to press forward deeper into this tunnel network, the air begins to grow steadily colder and colder. The temperature, it's-- you begin to see your breath a little bit in the air. Yeah, you guys all slept overnight. I mean, the visual scars are still there but he's at full hit points. They're healing slowly. "Oh! Yes, of course!" She comes over and you guys take a slight break as Pike comes and sets you down. "Oh, I've seen worse." "Certainly." She sets the foot down, she begins to gather up her runes, and she's casting a 4th-level spell. Aye, but alas, she's not here. Sorry, Ashley. So that would be the equivalent of about 32 hit points. She's also going to attempt a medicine roll, as well. Okay. You notice there is some progress that is slow, but some of the burn scarring from the dip in the magma is beginning to slowly subside. Fresh skin is beginning to show, but it's still pretty rough. "K'Varn resides within the city, the temple." "I have not seen him myself, since I was cast out before he took the star, took my people "under his spell." He leans forward for a second. "The temple. We don't know its original purpose. The city we "acquired, we found, we took root. Yug'Voril existed long before our colony did." "Very well..." He continues floating forward. The air, still chilly, with steadily more and more moisture. The rock walls become less and less jagged, growing smoother from endless years of condensation, mineral drip, and slow erosion. Begin to give that smooth inner cave look to the outsides of this tunnel. Certainly. As you're walking, the group slows with you, as you have to really maintain concentration on this. You close your eyes and you consider. You sense no sources of dragon within the radial of your ability to sense in this cavern structure. Subtle ones, but yeah. At this point, beginning to notice the tunnel itself, the cavern, is swaying back and forth a little bit with this. As opposed to a straight path, the tunnel is beginning to arc left and right. There's little pockets and crevices beginning to show at certain points, and you start seeing small bits of bluish crystal jutting in small pockets out of cracks in the rock. Clarota yesterday mentioned a fungal forest. Starting to find bluish crystals, which Pike makes a motion. "Yes, I saw this in my vision, too!" You reach out and touch the crystal. As you do, go ahead and-- no. (all laugh) (laughs) You reach out and touch the crystal, and it's cold to the touch, as is most of the stone wall, and you can see there's condensation on it that gets on your fingers a bit. It's smooth, except for the jagged points where the natural formation juts out. You tug on the crystal a little bit, find if there's any place there that's moveable, and it's pretty solid in that rock wall. No, the temperature doesn't seem different at all to the air. There doesn't seem to be a source at all; it's the same temperature as the rest of the tunnel. Yeah, sure. All right. I will say, go ahead and make an Arcana check as well? 14? Okay. It's hard-pressed to find out where these crystals came from, what their source is, or if they naturally are here or if they're put there through some other means, but the crystals do have a very, very faint magical residual energy to them. Useless, almost. It's the equivalent of finding crumbs at the bottom of a cereal box. It's there. You can see at one point there was something magical about their presence or their creation, but it is long faded. When the noise dies down, you gather shards and pieces. Probably enough to fill a small bucket. You can indeed fill your small bucket, should you have one. That is your prerogative, Grog. Okay! If you had a stick, you could be a crystal hobo. About a half an hour further down this tunnel, both Vax and Vex simultaneously notice a part of the wall to the left that is actually visibly cracked and what appears to be almost a narrow passage that juts off to the left. However, there is a large boulder, solid stone, that is wedged into this. Apparently blocking the passage. All right. Certainly! Go ahead and roll perception. 20? Okay. Both of you guys take a look. There's nothing immediately dangerous at all. It just looks like this rock was not naturally formed here, of course. It looks like it was wedged in. Like it was actually placed there intentionally. On the strength check? So as you guys are explaining, "This seems to be a fairly--" You don't even get to finish your sentence before Grog goes-- grabs the boulder, gets underneath and, lifting with the knees, Atlas-style. Puts the weight on the back and (groans)-- With a resounding (scraping sound) scraping sound and a large crack, some of the rocks that it's wedged in break off and tumble to the sides, and you get the boulder free and you're now clutching it on top of you. And it's very, very heavy. You lose your balance over the boulder as it's now shoved off of its axis. It falls behind you, slamming into the wall, blocking half the passage, the passage you guys were going down immediately. You can still pass it, you just have to walk around it. And you may have tweaked something in your back a little in the process. Trinket gets up, pushes on you with the bear claws. You can hear the cracks. You can. The passage is very, very thin. It can maybe fit you individually. It can barely fit Grog when you actually go through the passage proper. For a gnome, yes. But yeah, it's pitch black going forward. Which means you guys can see. It's equivalent of low light for you in pitch darkness. About 30 feet ahead of you, you can see the path continues for a little bit and then widens up into what looks like a small chamber. But you'd have to get closer. Make a perception check. About 30, 35 feet back. So? Best you can tell, it just looks like a chamber and it looks like a hallway. All right, so, as the light-- the arrow shaft vibrantly bursts into bright, Tiberius-created light. It arcs slightly down the hallway. Only a 35-foot distance. It goes pretty quickly and then (sound of arrow embedding itself) into what looks like a piece of rock, actually wedging itself into a piece of rock before falling to the ground, chipping a chunk upon impact. As it hits, you can see it's a small, roundish, oval chamber. You can see what looks like small piles on the ground at the far end. Still hard to make out from this distance, but you are welcome to enter. You followed it in? Right. You rush in. First thing you understand the air smells faintly of ancient untouched dust and mildew. You glance at the floor and notice what appear to be six long-dead bodies strewn across the ground. Skeletal and covered in webs. Just now Vax. Okay, go ahead and make an investigation check. 19, okay. As you look across the body, I mean there's nothing formal about this area, there's no fine, chiseled structure. It looks like a natural formation. It just appears to have been the final destination for whoever these individuals were. And you do notice, the way they're adorned, they were an adventuring party. They were people who came down here long ago for whatever reason and the last destination was this small cavernous space. There are webs on them, but the webs themselves are small, natural spider. But you do notice that each one of their skulls has a giant hole bored into the bone itself. Different places in the skull. Anyone else want to do anything? The rest of you make your way in one by one. It's a small room. Okay, you guys hang out there. Okay, looking at it, you notice that they have been here for at least 200 years. Two of the bodies are male humans. There are two dwarven bodies one male, one's female. One female gnome and one half-orc. Okay, so you enter the room. Roll an investigation check. Okay. Looking at her, you find that most of these bodies have already been for the most part turned over and looted. Some of them have no armor. They're either in plain clothes or it looks like their bodies have been tossed and taken whatever was on them, off. You do find, buried in the dirt under the gnomish female what looks to be a pristine ruby. Worth probably quite a bit. Okay, I'll get to you in just a second. You, as you're inspecting the bodies on the other side, you come across the dwarven male is still fully armored. Actually has a golden chainmail on and is clutching what looks like a metal maul. The rest of them have no armor and no weapons. But this one is still fully adorned. And you also notice that the female dwarven corpse, while devoid of any accoutrements, any coin purses, belts or anything, does have, hidden within the bony clavicle, what little bit of stretched dried skin is pulled against it, a pendant that is gleaming blue. You pull the pendant and you look at it. It has a very beautiful sapphire emblem and you rub the dust off of it and you look at it. And you recognize this emblem. This is the emblem that adorns House Thunderbrand of Kraghammer. You turn it over and on the back, there's an engraving on the back that says "For Lorna, my love." Yeah, the actual amulet itself does have a magical essence to it. It effectively acts as a Shield spell once per day. Once per short rest. Once per rest. Yeah, it's a reaction. No. So you're going over to the armor. You're getting the armor for Pike? All right, as you reach out and grab the golden chain mail on it, the cold air around the chainmail is noticeably piercingly cold to the touch. Make a constitution save. Natural one. All right. As you guys are all doing this, you hear the sudden (groans) this clenching of breath, and you glance over real fast and find Vax has fallen onto his back, and his fingers are curled back, and you can see this dark energy that seeps into his body for a second. You can see his veins pulsing a little bit. You feel your form-- there's no physical damage taken to you whatsoever, but you sense this sapping of your strength, and your breath is shallow. You imagine this is what an elderly person would feel like. You have this lack of energy. As you're saying this, Pike comes over to you, Kima runs over to you and they both take a look at you. Pike starts inspecting you, using her medicine. And Kima, they both look at each other, pass a few notes back and forth, and they both agree. "Well, it appears this dwarven individual, "when he came to his end, was not very happy and in doing so left a very strong curse behind on his "body." Look about to each other. No. You are considered cursed, which means you have disadvantage on all your ability checks and attacks. There are spells like Remove Curse. Pike's not here. I don't have her spell list. Wait a second. Ha! All right. So. At which point, Kima steps forward and pushes everyone away for a second and concentrates. And she reaches up and grabs the holy symbol of Bahamut from underneath the front of the leather armor, because she still hasn't exchanged it with you. And it glows with this vibrant silver light and the light travels down her arm, to her hands, to her fingers, and she places it out and reaches towards the armor and as she touches it, she winces slightly, but you see this glowing dark furious anger, this face arise out of the armor, giving off this slight whispering howl sound (whispering howl) and then (poof) dissipate. As you see the divine energy begin to dissipate and glide off her hand, she reaches over and touches you with her hand, and the curse is lifted. I looked over and realized that oh, she actually has that spell. She gives you a wink and says, "To be honest, I just really wanted the armor." And she pats you on the shoulder. She takes the golden chain off of the body, she (chuckles) she tells-- no, you're out of the room. She finds a cranny in the room. She puts on the chain mail, replacing the leather armor she gives back. She does give you the greatsword and then takes the maul from the corpse of this dwarf. But as she takes it from the body, she sits down and says a silent prayer. Clutches her symbol and as she does, she takes from one of her pouches a small bit of blessed water and tosses it across the body of the dwarf. Puts it back away and stands up. "All right. Shall we continue?" You swear you hear a slight shift in bone. In silence left behind in darkness. She put the chain mail on, she gave you the leather armor back. She's holding it in her hands. "Certainly." It's whatever armor you gave her. The armor that you gave for her to put on in the Emberhold when she had nothing on. Persuasion versus persuasion? Is this what this was? You keep talking over each other. Apparently. As you guys head back into the cavern, you move around the boulder that Grog had moved from the side crevice. And as you continue for about another 20 or 30 minutes, some of you begin to pick up what sounds like the distant lapping of waves against a shore. (wave noises) As the tunnel begins to curve larger and larger, eventually you come around a bend and the tunnel opens up into a humongous cavern housing an underground lake circling a large island. From what you can see on the edges of the walls that are closest to you as the island disappears into darkness about a hundred feet ahead of you, there are these blue crystals that you've seen throughout this tunnel completely covering the walls of this entire cavern. There is only maybe bits of and places around the wall, about five, ten feet across where there will be no crystal. Otherwise it's just grey stone and blue crystal jutting from the sides. Okay. You cast Daylight and on the actual crystal source that you cast it on, daylight emanates from it and gives a bright beacon of light. Right. You notice that from the whatever crystal vein structure some of these are connected by, some of them tend to glow in spots, but you see it's localized. All this crystal isn't interconnected, is what this tells you. There are pockets here and there that are interconnected, but there are multiple veins of it going through the entire. So, as you approach, the hard stone surface you guys have been walking on in the tunnel begins to give way to like a coarse sand, almost like a gravelly shore. And it appears to be fresh water. It's clear. The smell is a little musty, but not too bad. And you approach, and you can see there's just these very gentle, very soft waves that occasionally lap up on the shore, but only a few inches. There's not a whole lot of motion to the water within this cavern. Yeah. I'll finish my description. (chuckles) So there's this lake circling this large island across the way. You also see on this side of the shore, central, there is a large stone bridge that arches over the lake and makes landfall about roughly 200 feet on the other side, at the very, very tip closest to you of this island. It's about 15 feet wide this bridge, maybe 20 feet, and is an immediate walkway onto this island across. You can see just faintly on the edge of this island a glowing bioluminescent fungal forest that covers a large portion of this island's top side. The edges of it, you can see, rise up into cliffs that have eroded over time and are rather stark in places. Clarota, as you look over, is gliding into the cavern. It's the closest thing you can imagine seeing a mind flayer to smiling. He's looking about and in response to you, a few moments later, he says, "We're near home." He glances over to you. "There are many things in the water. Fish. Crustaceans." He points over, and you can see there is this small, very pale, colorless, whitish-gray crab that's over to the side, that looks weird, malformed. One claw is twisted on itself and dragging behind it. And it skitters off into the water. Everyone make a perception check. Oh snap. Oh, you two. As you all walk up to the edge of the shore line and you're inspecting the water, feeling for it. You look over and on the far left side of the shore, you can see just below the waterline what looks like... a sunken boat. Or two. Clarota gives you a look. "I do not know. Many things wander these tunnels beyond my kin. We "are but one of its denizens." Okay. So Keyleth's form jumps into the air, this thin, lithe half elven figure that then turns into this giant shark beast that (splash sound) into the water underneath. A few moments later, Grog jumps in. Big splashing sound. You can. You still can't quite see what everyone's going for, other than what she said. All right. The water is freezing cold. You could swear this should've turned to ice by now. Because your veins certainly feel like they have upon impact. You immediately get over that as you transform into a natural creature that's used to cold water. Grog, it's fucking cold. There aren't usually this many penis jokes in a session, folks. It just happens to be one of those days. So, glancing down below, you see it too. There are approximately two and a half boats that are made of some sort of a combination of wood and metal, like a heavily rusted iron. One of them looks mildly serviceable, the other one is broken with a large hole in the bottom of it. Okay. You look around. There doesn't appear to be much else around, but you do catch what looks like a semblance of a half-eaten corpse, a bone that is left partially buried in the ground. You don't know how long that's been there, either. It's bleached bone at this point. Whatever fishes live in this landscape have picked it clean. Nope. Make a perception check. Yeah. Okay. You do a couple laps. Nothing really catches your eye. You can also attempt a perception. You found some boats, yo! They are broken. Giant shark comes up under you and nudges you aggressively and lifts you towards the surface. You guys all watch as Grog is now riding a shark. "The forest certainly surrounds the city." "There are many places of entry within this cavern." And you see Clarota concentrate for a second, and within all of your minds, you suddenly have a very clear image of this entire cavern its layout, what strange shape it is, where the general overlook is, and as clear as day, you have an entire visual of the inside of this cavern. You guys reside down here, right by the bridge on this edge of the beach. This green represents the fungus and this, you imagine, represents the city. The temple being central there. Yes, they are. I'll put this down here in case you want people to see that. You guys are right here. Sure. Potion? Two underwater breathing biscuits. Two underwater breathing waffles. I'm pretty sure it was potions. I'm pretty sure they were potions. You haven't had a good look at it yet. Tiberius slowly disappears beneath the surface. It is cold! You see the bubbles break on the surface and then eventually the bubbles stop. Tiberius may have drowned; you don't know. Okay, this doesn't take you too far. It's maybe 60 feet from the edge of the coastline. You can see, as long as you're traveling with a Light spell going on, which I assume you do at most points. But yeah, you see there are two and a half boats, essentially. They're large, looks like they were meant specifically for travel. You're not quite sure where it may have come from. I'd say it's maybe about 15, almost 20 feet from end to end. So you're putting your Ioun Stone on? Oh, got you. Okay, so you put on the Ioun Stone. Okay. Okay. There's a rustle in the waves on the surface of the water, as you see all of a sudden this (impact sound) this bowing and splashing begins to occur. The ship begins to rise out of the sediment on the bottom of the lake. It gets up. It's filled with water, you tip it on its side and spill the rest of the water out. There's still a large hole on the bottom of the boat, on the inside. And you carry it over back to the surface of the shore and rest it gently onto the rock. Telekinesis is still in effect currently, so if you wanted to do that, now would be the time. Okay, so Tiberius comes back with the half boat, essentially, that's cracked in half and part of it is ruined and broken. But there's still a sizeable amount of oxidized iron, metal, and wood here that you think would be serviceable for repairs. Okay. It's up to you guys. So you're going to go ahead and make a tinkering check? Anyone want to help? I would say this is a key point in time for a Scanlan song. You use this bardic inspiration specifically for stuff like this. I'll give you a d6 for that. (all laugh) If it wasn't Vax singing. Go for it. You add whatever your tinkering bonus is, which should be your dex. 13 total? Okay. You take a while with it. It takes a little bit longer than you anticipated, but you have your general tools with you. You hammer away. About an hour and a half to two hours later, you're sweating, your muscles are sore, but you feel like you've managed to get the hole for the most part patched. Now it's just to test its buoyancy. You push it in. You leap in the boat. It (impact sound) gives to the 600 pounds that are Grog. It splashes a bit, it lifts, it seems to be holding. It's leaving ripples in the water. Best you can tell, from the image that was given to you, any of those sections along the edge that have the jagged lines are cliffs. Correct. All right. So, you guys continue down the right side of the path. You push off into the water, being towed by Keyleth in shark form. You hug the far edge of the water. Pushing across, you find a way around and as you begin to look up the wall, you can see once again how these crystalline structures are spread out across this entire wall, going up. You can't even see the ceiling of the cavern, it's so high up from your current perspective. It just disappears into darkness. You continue following the path until eventually you come to this choke point here, where the land mass begins to-- you can see where the beach begins to crest down and touch the water. As you slowly and quietly make your way around the bend, you look over and you can see the forest. Indeed, they appear to be trees, but now that you have a better view of it, you know, maybe about 400, 500 feet off from you right now, that bioluminescent glow, this very faint glow is given off by all the plant life, all these giant fungal trees. The roots have these strange, organic, almost like they're gripping the ground. The canopies of them blossom in these strange, almost mushroom-like appendages, these fungal bursts that stick off the top and form the tree-like canopy. And you can see vines hanging from each of these. It's a very strange, alien forest. Fauna that even you're not familiar with in your travels. But it does give off this dull color, this faint light source that does tend to give a general visual view of the landscape on this island. You do see, just barely beyond this point, looking across, the tops of a few buildings in the very, very distance. The color of the stone, from what you can make out, has almost a jade mixed with a grey marble. And you can just faintly make off in the distance one large pyramid-like structure that comes to a flattened precipice on top. On the island, to your left. And there is a very, very faint greenish glow at the very top that matches the coloration of that same glow you saw in the eyes of Queen Ulara earlier and the rest of the denizens that were in her party. As you quietly begin to push along, you come to the point where there's the beach to your right and there's the island to the left. The island, which comes to this incline and then drops off on a cliff on the far side. It has its own encapsulated fungal forest. You can see what looks like a very, very faint bit of ruins on the beachfront that has mostly crumbled and fallen. But for the most part it appears to be fairly empty, other than the fungal growth itself. To the right there is another pebble beach, same consistency as the beach you first arrived on. To put to scale, your boat that you found is about that big. It's pretty big. Yeah, as you guys come gliding down, you look at the beach. You see the ruins, you see, even though there is no real breeze or wind in this cold air, there is like a slight swaying. To the trees that reside on this. On here? Best you can see, looking down, it's just a plain, pebble beach, an inlet there that goes into the cavern interior of the wall. You can certainly try to keep quiet while doing so. The cave that actually opens up in the side of the wall within this cavern is about 20 feet up and about 25 feet across. So you're flying as low as you can, but you're still only about maybe 15 feet off the ground. Ten to 15 feet. Are the rest of you going in? All right. Everyone who's entering the cavern, go ahead and make a stealth check. In the boat? All right. As you guys not-so-stealthily begin to march into the tunnel here, you follow it as it bends around a little bit and it eventually opens up into this larger space. And as you enter the room, partway through this tunnel, the scent changes dramatically. That cold, still water smell begins to give way to this terrible, sulfurous, rotting smell. Very-- it's near septic. And as you enter this room, the smell is dreadful, and you can tell, using your light source over here, there appears to have been some sort of a struggle. There are bedrolls and sheets strewn about and soiled and burned and torn across the floor. There's about what looks like three or four different bedspreads that have been tossed and ruined. You can see a semblance of what was a fire pit, but all the soot and ash has been smeared across the ground to the outside of it. There appears to be a half buried chest or container off in the far corner. And you can see what looks to be four dead bodies, in a not too long state of decay. You can still see flesh and skin, but there's some bone peeking through, and they're all slumped against the ground, against the corners. Okay. You take the dagger and (sound of dagger embedding into wood) into the wood. Doesn't seem to have any immediate effect. Okay. Grog and Percy are still in the boat, at this point. Well, you're in the process of stepping out of the boat at this point. As you begin to approach the chest, you notice one of the bodies shift. (moans) Its head rolls around and it looks at you. Pike is still back in the boat with Percy. "What?" She doesn't have one of the earpieces. All right. As you guys get out of the boat and begin rushing in that direction, you notice the one body looking over at you with this weird grin. You've had a few encounters with zombies or undead creatures that unnaturally move. This one has an intelligence to it that disturbs you. You glance over at the other bodies, who are already getting to their feet. We will get to that at the top of our next session. (all groan) Yep. So! (laughs) So we will pick up next week with the next episode of Critical Role, in which the party will deal with this sudden surrounding of some strange, partially-decomposed corpses. Indeed, the overlord has come! About that. Yes, I'd love to! I can charge through these real fast. I can do that. All right, starting here with Vorath. "Another donation this week to this "amazing cause. You guys are hours of entertainment every time. Also Orion, Tiberius ordering donuts "is not poppycock." (laughs) Thank you so much. All right, we have Nadoprime. "I just discovered this show a week ago I'm now a subscriber?" Aw. "And I'm pledging to give five dollars every week that I watch." Well, thank you so much, Nadoprime! It's great. We've got Lipoolflinger. "This is awesome. High fives all around. Please keep going." We shall! This isn't ending any time soon. Unwriteable, gave us a $70 donation. Thank you, Unwriteable. That's amazing. Panobo! "Hi from Mexico, gran juego, viva el D&D." There we go. I've been talking all night, sorry. Thank you so much. G1BigDaddyHef. "My weekly donation for a fantastic charity. Always look forward to Critical Role "stream Thursdays. T-shirt reserved. Can't wait." You guys are awesome. Huric. "Hi, there. Not sure if anyone will get in trouble if you read this out loud, but this is "what the shirt I put on redbubble made so far. I made a promise that what I make from the shirt "goes to the charity. Love what y'all do." Oh, it's Matt Abernathy! Thank you so much! Great designs, too. Keep them coming. We're hoping to do some stuff with fan designs in the near future, so we'll let you guys know. EasyShadow. "Hey guys, started watching two weeks ago, and I'm hooked! Got my paycheck, so I went "ahead and subbed, bought the shirt, and am now donating. Keep it up, guys. Thanks. Oh, and "#SaveGrog." Thank you, EasyShadow. That's awesome Oh, MauhiduL, who I met on the Minecraft server the other day, which was amazing! If you guys haven't been on the Geek & Sundry Minecraft server. They've actually recreated physically, sequences from our campaign, like battlegrounds, and it's like walking through-- I got emotional walking through it Yeah, that's awesome! It says, "Love the show, love you guys, love Geek & Sundry, proud to "be a part of something so amazing." Thank you, MalheadL. Maxine196404. "I love to read and I can't imagine my life without it, so I want to help you "out." Aw. You guys are great. Thank you, Maxine! Claybmpt. "My vote last week nearly contributed to Trinket's demise, and I feel a little donation was only proper to make amends." (all laugh) Good on you. Kitten112. "Never experienced D&D until now and I love it more than I ever imagined "I would. Thank you for sharing your fun with us." Oh, thank you for watching! WeeklyFactoids. "Travis, what are the dimensions on your weapons and armor? I was wondering if I "could cosplay as Grog for my local con in September." (excited cheers) Find Travis on Twitter, @WillingBlam, and ask him those questions that we haven't answered. Critical Role cosplay?! That's so meta, I can't even-- Ah, and we'll have such a photoshoot with you guys. All right. AlmostHuman. "Such love for "Critical Role. #826LA #saveGrog #geekandsundry #RIPScanlanbeard." (all laugh) Malaytw. "Thanks for Critical Role. Less than three." Aw. Thank you. Anttank01. "Critical Role's amazing. Love what you guys are all doing. It has renewed my inspiration "for role-playing character development, and it's for a great cause, so I'm more than happy to help. "Keep up the great work." Aw, thank you anttank01. ElmoServant. Oh, no. "Just found out about the show last Thursday and marathoned every episode on "Friday. Critical Role is the best show on Geek & Sundry by far, though TableTop's pretty great, "too." Thank you, ElmoServant! Alwiergen. I'm sorry if I butchered that. I'll take it. "Love Critical Role and ordered my shirt. Sam and Liam, when's the next "All Work No Play (nudge nudge, wink wink)." LastCall2113. "Love the show, and an awesome campaign. Way better than most shows on TV right "now." Aw. Thank you. All right, next page. (laughs) Lobster024. "Thanks to the entire group for sharing your adventure with us. I hope to be as "good a DM as Matt in a thousand years." Oh, you'll (pfft)-- at least 400. (all laugh) It's-- no. Just keep working on it. Just learn your material and improv. It's so much fun. (laughs) ElectricIdolon. "I had the honor of hitting the 2,700 sub mark tonight." That's awesome! "So why not go all the way tonight with a donation, as well? Also, holy mess, Mercer. You're "a beast." Thank you. TheWroth. "Family favorites Kid, Grog. Dad, Tiberius. Mom, Vax-- no, wait, Scanlan. Thank you "for sharing your talents with us." Aw, thank you. LifeIsRosie. There we go. I read for a living. "I cannot express how watching the shenanigans of you lot of "lovable miscreants brightens my worst days. I'm so happy to contribute to both the further adventures "of Vox Machina and 826LA, for future lovable miscreants and their own adventures. Less than "three." Thank you. They're so sweet. CheeseBug88. "Ale! And whiskey. Smiley face." Gayaka. "Thanks so much for sharing this wonderful adventure with us and re-inspiring my love of RPG "storytelling." Aw. Thank you. Striker67. Yeah, Striker. Police brutality, coming up. "So I just want to say thank you for "everything you're doing. For gamers everywhere. Loving my first edition Critical Role t-shirt and "will be getting the new one, too." Aw. "Keep sharing your adventures with all of us. Thank you, "Vox Machina." Thank you, Striker. WeeklyFactoids. "Also, hopefully I can make Travis a great axe and Sam a sword after I finish "Liam and Laura's gifts, if you would like." What did you do? What did you guys do? They want to make your axe and your sword now. There is a definitive difference. Ah. Murkro2, thank you so much. Kargoth912, "Thanks "for satisfying my D&D addiction while my DM is on vacation. You all rock." We aim to please. Jean2343, "Thanks for the great show. It takes me back to my old gaming group." Aw. Thank you so much, Jean. We have 82517. "Watching you guys play D&D is amazing and has inspired me to get back into "playing Warhammer 40k with my friends." Awesome. "Thank you for that, because I'd forgotten how "much fun I had doing that." Their Iron Kingdoms RPG is really good, too. All good stuff. Norrisseria. There we go. Noraseria. "I love Critical Role. It's my favorite thing I look forward to all week. You guys are all "amazing, thanks for all you do." Aw, thank you. TheCrazyNixie. "Love the CritRole team, oh and pets Keyleth the shark." Genevels, "Great job Critical Role tonight, thanks for bringing back the t-shirts for round two. You "guys have encouraged me to start my own D&D group." Awesome! "I now #encourageboatriding" And send pictures of your group to us. We'd love to see you guys play; it's great. If anyone from Wizards is watching, you guys are awesome. All right. Macowcut. Micoughcut, "Was supposed to work out, randomly found you tonight. First-timer "and newly subbed." Awesome! Well, welcome to the fun. Meganandgrits. I have to say it that way because I grew up in the South. "Wanted to donate more for "such stellarific people, but taxes murdered me. Sorry, y'all, but I look forward to being part of "your voiceover endeavors, hopefully in the future." Awesome, much love. Keep at it, indeed. PsychoticFrogger, "Bow to the overlord, your friendly neighborhood overlord. "#1.5squareinches." Greeneyedtrobotonist. "Are you guys aware 300 shirts are already sold today?" Wow, awesome. 300. "Keep staying awesome, people." That's great! That's such good news. We can do it. We can do a pretty late Q&A too. We'll figure it out. Make it worth everyone's while, too. Oh, and also, for all you guys in the Philadelphia area. Me and Marisha, our fair Keyleth, are going to be at Wizard World Philly this weekend, Friday, Saturday, and Sunday. Our flight leaves in like two and a half hours. Yeah, well it leaves at 115, we'll be fine. But yeah. But yeah, so if you guys are over in that area, you can come see us at Wizard World this weekend, we'll have panels and signings and general stuff. Also possible! But guys, seriously, thank you all so very very much. You're all amazing. Hope you enjoyed it. Next time we'll kick off with a pretty intense goal, looks like. Do we have the song? (Overlord song plays.) Someone made a song? Oh, look at the chatroom, overlord spam. That's so great. That's great. It's on infinite repeat. Whoever made that, well done. That's great.