Welcome, everyone, to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, roll dice, and play Dungeons and Dragons. We are back after a week hiatus in which we were at San Diego Comic-Con! (cheering) I know, it's crazy! I am at a series of panels all throughout the weekend, many of them voiceover-related. Because my manager got to them first. (laughter) Saturday, we'll have signings-- Yeah. I will say that the last poster was based heavily on the Underdark arc and the coming battle with K'Varn. This one has to do with a later arc in the story. So there's that coming up, we're excited about that, and then we have our Critical Role live show that Saturday at 8pm Eastern Time. We'd love to see you guys. Partially because we don't get out to the middle eastern side of the US as often as we'd like, and this is our first time at GenCon, which has been my gaming mecca for so long. Should be a fun way to roll it in. So come check in the next chapter that'll continue after tonight's episode, at GenCon, and hope to see you there. We have our sponsor tonight for this episode of Critical Role, returning favorite in Backblaze, who previously popped in to say hello. Sam, if you want to say a few words. That was a thing that happened. Well cool, thank you very much, Sam. Next item for anyone who wants any of the information about our GenCon panels events and signings and such, you can go to geekandsundry.com/CRLiveGenCon16. Should be in the chat room, check it out, definitely go there. And tonight is the last night for you guys to pre-order the Critter-designed T-shirt, the Chroma Conclave shirt that you guys voted for that won our design contest. So if you're interested in grabbing that, tonight's your last night, and you should just do it now. Soon. Do we have anything else we wish to announce, anything else creeping up? You have this all planned out. Which you can save on your Backblaze account. (laughter) Indeed. All right then, that being the case, let us dive into the insanity of the Feywild in tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] And they made their way northward through the ever-shifting grasses to the outskirts of the Moonbrush, a heavy, heavy, forested wood that will lead them to their destination after that, which is the Gilded Run, a series of rivers that wrap around their final destination, the Shademirk Bog, where apparently this Vestige exists. So. Diving in where we were. The last time, you guys had managed to wander a few hours into the southern portion of the forest of the Moonbrush. Coming through, you realize that, as opposed to the rest of the Feywild you've encountered so far, which exists in a perpetual dusk, there is an actual starry sky and moonlight poking through of a full moon at portions of the canopy of this forest. Cruising ever forward, you stumbled upon what looked like some sort of a cave or cavern with a series of small stone and wooden trinkets and gifts that were left outside, as well as carved bones and rotting fruits, and you came to realize that these were probably left for the spiritual entity that lived and existed within this cavern. Upon some of these gifts being disturbed, the bear attacked, and Vex'ahlia summoned forth Trinket, her faithful companion bear. A battle took place, putting Trinket in a difficult position, but upon a brief discussion with this spirit bear, had proven himself a worthy entity, and was bestowed a boon, further solidifying the bond between Vex'ahlia and her faithful companion, Trinket. And that was where we left off. She reaches for the necklace around her neck, which is suddenly not there. No, the trees have relaxed, the canopy has reopened above the small clearing, and the rest of the party, you can now see Vex on her back on the ground, Trinket standing over her towards the cavern, and Keyleth pulled back, looking a bit shocked and confused. The bear spirit? The bear spirit, upon passing through Vex and Trinket, then dissipated into a spark of naturalized druidic magic and vanished. You are now alone in the center of that clearing. The trees have laxed and reopened. Make an investigation check. Okay. Okay, yeah, it takes you a little bit, about ten minutes or so. Parts of it got scattered and lost amongst the rest of the objects left around, but you manage to reassemble your collection of tea accessories. Make an investigation check. In your studies? No. You, make a history check. We'll go with nature. There are no markings that currently are visible around the entrance or exit of the cavern itself. It is carved, however, meaning that this cavern, whether it be natural or not, this entrance has been touched by humanoid hands and has been refined. You, Keyleth, do know that occasionally on the Material Plane there are entities, spiritual energies, that gather based on worshipping specific fey spirits and these creatures over time, these spiritual energies, begin to take the form that their worshipers give them. It takes a long time for this transition to happen, and essentially these guardian spirits, usually guarding some sort of a powerful fane, or a magical core or center, they become protector spirits of that region. It turned into a bear. And they're not gods per se, but they're powerful entities that guard that element. They're gone in a matter of moments. Licks the side of your face, leaving some saliva and crumbs. You don't know that much about the entity. You've never really encountered one before, you've only heard about them. You're welcome to ask him if you want to. He's in the very back, just watching you guys. "I know what you know. It's apparently here "and people leave him little presents, and seemed pretty scary from the way you describe him, so--" "No, I would have avoided this!" Roll insight. 18? He seems like he's telling the truth. He's hard to read in general because he's such a strange individual, but yeah. "We're not going to the theater." "I couldn't tell you. Certain things move. Shift. Change location." "Don't worry about it. Anyway. Shall we?" And he begins marching back. I'm just enjoying the conversation. Make your choices. They go darting into the cave, vanishing into the shadows and out of sight. The two of you continue for about 30, 40, 50, 60 feet. Thankfully, both of you have darkvision, so you can see pretty well in this area. You can see what are a number of alcoves that are carved into the sides of the rock here that contain extinguished candles, sometimes clusters of them, that are left in here in some sort of ceremonial way, but have just burned out or not been lit in a long time. It goes straight back; there's no curvature or natural change in the path of this cavern. You get about 100 feet into the foot of this spire-like mountain, one of many that protrude from the center of the Moonbrush, and the chamber widens and comes to an end, a circular pocket at the end, about maybe 40 feet across on each side. The floor of this room is entirely covered in unlit candles, except for in the center there is a raised stone platform that contains a singular skull made of some sort of a bluish or aquamarine crystal. They're standing up. It's a large skull, it's like this big, and its elongated snout-- It's a beast-like skull. Make a nature check. Sure. Yeah, you would. Yeah, as a traveling herd member, you would know cleaning creatures and stuff. You have no idea what creature this is. It does look bestial in nature. Meanwhile, inside the cave, the two of you now stand at the edge of this room filled with small, wax structures and wicks that are currently cold in the darkness, and the central platform holding the crystalline skull in the center. You can't make out any details. It looks like somewhat rough cavern walls, but not very smoothly carved or anything. It's probably a little bit smaller than that. It looks almost like it was carved and hollowed from a singular giant solid piece of opal or aquamarine. Like it's a gemmed skull in the sense that it's made from gem material. You don't know, mister nature-roll-of-12. Make a perception check. It's hard to tell. You've arrived, both paced in your space there, so there are plenty of footprints that you guys have left. It's hard to see if there are any more recent ones are from other creatures. Probably not, unless you're ballet-style en pointe. Ah, Sir Bruce Willis of Emon. Dangerous life he led in history. (laughing) Are you an aberration? Okay. You take one point of damage, and the goliath blood doth flow aplenty. Make a deception check. I'll have the rest of you roll an insight check. From what you can tell, it looks like it's in the evening, with the moon up. Full journey here since you rested... make an intelligence check. Okay. After resting just outside of the Moonbrush, it's probably been three hours since you woke. Did you guys push on when you got there? I feel like there would have camping before going straight into the Moonbrush, and I think you may have been pressed for time at the event last time to try and do that. Right, so it's been a few hours since you regained consciousness. It wouldn't have made a huge difference, per se, but you were still reading the book. You're close now, at this point. A handful of hours away from completing it. Actually, that you would have gotten from the large bear, so no. Nice try. All right, so as you guys gather here, Garmelie goes, "All right, so duskward is-- "that way. Who's leading?" "Oh, I'm not leading. I'm guiding you." "I'm guiding you duskward. I've never been inside the Moonbrush! I know of things around it." "I'm getting you to your destination by helping guide you there." "I am guiding you through the Moonbrush, I just think somebody should take the lead." "Great, wondrous. That'll work fine." "All right." He takes your hand. Roll a survival check. 17, okay. Holding your hand, you guys quietly begin to make your way through the Moonbrush. You're in your natural element, also. It's a forest. Much like a kid in the backseat of a car on a cell phone, Scanlan is just reading through the book on the back of Grog. About another two hours of travel duskward, and he's keeping a finger pointed in the direction, which is difficult for you because the moon placement in the sky has not changed. The correlation as to what you normally use in the Prime Material Plane to gauge direction has no use here whatsoever. So the best that you can do is try to keep yourself facing forward and using his occasional guidance to steer back on track. Make an insight check. 21. He seems to, every single time he checks for the direction, lick his finger and then point. There's nothing more to it than that. He'll take a moment to think and look around, lick his finger, point in a direction. There is no breeze. There is no sound in the forest here. There is no sound of leaves clattering. He's just doing that. "Licking is how I initiate the specialization of my arcane understanding of the "flow and ebb of the fey--" "No! This is a technique. And it's leading us to your destination. Have a little faith. You "hired me for a reason." "Not the theater!" Pressing on, I want you to make another survival check. All right. Okay, so you're creating small stones that trail behind you as you go. As you guys progress forward, you start finding patches where the ground itself gets a little mushier, like either there's a nearby river or the ground itself has retained liquid more than other areas of the forest. You begin to see the faint appearance of familiar green sprouts that come through. These are mandrakes, and you manage to catch them before the rest of the party gets there, you and Garmelie, especially with your sight and knowledge of this area, you manage to guide the party around that whole field of waiting mandrake. You don't know. You may find out yet. Progressing forward into the next section, I need you to make another survival check. 25! Shit, girl. Eventually, you come to what appears to be a river that's cutting through this portion of the Moonbrush. Just on the other side of that river, you hear a faint sound of music. "What is what? I don't--" "No?" Actually, right now nobody hears it except for you. It sounds like a soft violin, with a hint of flute, and a drum beat. It's very simple. It's very basic. It does sound pleasant. It sounds folksy and whimsical. It's very, very faint. The rest of you guys, as you gather up, you begin to hear the sound and so does Garmelie. Garmelie's like, "We really don't need to go in that direction." "Music can be good, it can be bad. Who knows? Dangerous music is very often a thing in "places you don't understand. I would not recommend wandering into places of phantom music." You take a few steps. There is still a river, which is about 15 feet across. It's a soggy bank that leads into a lazily running river. So you have to cross that first. It looks to be a little ways duskward and to your right. You don't, actually. It's not a classic ditty. The structures are familiar. You can see where the basis of a lot of bar shanties come from; a similar bouncing beat to it, but nothing that catches you as really familiar. 15 feet across. "Well, yes, if we're heading toward your destination, we have to cross." Okay. So you watch as the stream begins to separate-- You guys find your way, walking down onto the bank of the river, your boots sinking into the very soft, soggy bottom of the river. You walk across, make your way to the other side. The river splashes as the bubble is no longer required. You traverse it; no issue. It's a river. The music is a little louder on this side of the bank and is off to the right side. "Um. Okay?" "All right." So he vanishes from sight. The two of you guys make your stealth checks. If you want to. All right, so adding plus ten to your stealth rolls. All right. The rest of you are staying behind. So you two and Garmelie make your way upwards, pushing past bushes, and the trees here in the Moonbrush, which are getting thicker and thicker the further north you go. You hear the music getting louder and louder, and it's funny. You find yourself tapping the side of your leg to it. It's a nice beat. You begin to hear laughter. Sounds like jovial laughter, like people having a good time. Just a few voices. You hear two different voices going back and forth, laughing. Yeah, it's at disadvantage. Well, it's time for you to learn how one of your abilities works here, Sam. For countercharm as an action, you set up a performance that lasts until the end of your next turn. During that time, you and any friendly creature-- Hold on. You can keep doing it every round if you want to. It doesn't say there's a limit to it. They have to hear you to be affected by it. It has to be loud enough for them to hear you. It's going to happen. Yeah, one way or the other. You've got countercharm or keeping stealthed. So the three of you and Garmelie, who's invisible at this point in time, you approach what looks to be a clearing ahead of you now. The trees actually disperse a bit. You can see what appears to be a small campfire that's crackling in the center of this clearing. And the music is actually quite loud now. You see figures jaunting around this fire and holding hands and swirling for a second and then separating. Then dancing a little ways around it again. You have to get closer. You're behind a tree. Garmelie is staying with you. What are you doing? No, the effect has to be within hearing, so either you go up with him or you stay behind. Okay. So Vax, you come up to the very edge of the clearing. You vanish. You come to the very edge of the clearing. You see before you where the laughter's coming from. There is an elf, in full Verdant Guard armor of Syngorn, who is skipping and laughing around the fire, dancing alongside what appears to be a bipedal humanoid creature covered in fur with claws, a longer snout. And they are both smiling and holding each other's hands and spinning and twirling each other. And dancing around. You see the music is actually coming from a floating spectral violin, flute and drum, unmanned by any creature; just slowly drifting around the clearing, around the entities that are dancing. I also need you to make a wisdom saving throw. You do. 17. Okay. Looking forward, you find a tapping on the side of your hip as the beat finds you. And you begin to drift out of the shadows into the center of this clearing. You look over and see as the guard extends his hand and takes yours. The beat kicks into you, a smile creeps across your face-- Okay. The gentle sounds of Careless Whisper keeping any possible invasion of your mind at bay, hopefully. You just hear Garmelie behind you going "No! What are you doing?!" echoing through the trees as you guys dart in towards the center of this camp. You-- You are totally on. This is an amazing experience. You feel the color and the music surging through you, and all through this endless surge of energy inside as you begin to now join into this other dancing trio. Yeah. You guys dart into the center of this, hearing the music, hearing the laughter, watching your brother with a Joker-like smile on his face, the sheer joy pulling his expression into one of a very disturbing joy. I need both of you guys to make wisdom saving throws with advantage. 23? All right. You sweep in at this point, and find that Scanlan jumps off the broom. You tumble down. Make an athletics check. Acrobatics. Check. Okay. You catch yourself. It wasn't a large fall. You land on your feet down on the ground with a crunch. A number of things crunch and break beneath your feet as you stand up and you look up and see as Vax, this elvish warrior knight, and a straight-up wolfman all lead you into the dance, and the four of you now begin to take each other's hands and laugh and skip around in a circle. Okay. You are pulled into the necklace. I'm really going to push to refer to it as a necklace. I'm going to really push to have it be called a necklace. Vax, all of a sudden you're pulled out of this dance, and your head is clouded for a second as you find yourself in a singular darkened stone room. Four walls, a single stone throne in the center of it facing out towards a glass window the size of the other walls. It shows an image of the perspective of the necklace. Second, technically. You can. It's fantastic. Make an athletics check. I need you to make an acrobatics check. Yes, so roll and add your acrobatics with disadvantage. Yes. 17. You manage to grab Scanlan, pull him onto the broom with you. The two other dancers immediately reach up and grab him and try to pull him back down into it. At this point, you look into their faces and you can see, while they have smiles on them, their eyes are fearful and desperate, their bodies are emaciated and exhausted. They both look like their physical bodies are on the edge of collapse from nonstop dancing for god knows how long. You glance down at the ground around you, and you can see numerous piles of broken bones and discarded armor. All order of other creatures that have befallen this spot amongst the forest and never left. They're pulling against you. We're making opposed strength checks. Go ahead and roll. So are they right now, though. They're heavily emaciated. Nope. 11. You feel as Scanlan, who was shoving off of you instinctually and both of these bodies grabbing his legs and pulling him down off the broom, he is pulled from your grasp, hits the ground, and the three of them continue their dance, completely nonchalant. Not even paying attention to your presence at this point. All right, cool. You guys all make your way back towards the direction of this little opening, this gap in this grove. Sure, and they're into it. It is unlike a song you've ever heard, and everything else fades away memory of your friends all drift out of your mind. All that matters is this moment, this dance, these people and the music. Any semblance of the personality of Scanlan that existed before is not there. All you feel is the muscles tensing and relaxing from the ever-present dance. The rest of you slowly begin to approach the outside of this opening. Are you dumping him out or not? She keeps him in the necklace. Perception check. It's hard to tell at this distance. There's a lot of the tree line at the edge of it that are blocking the shape. No. Okay. Percy, you creep closer. As you get closer, the music gets louder. You have, and as you approach, it doesn't seem to have an effect on the volume of the music. All right. Make an intelligence check. Add your intelligence modifier. You begin to notice the increasing volume despite the blockage in the ear pretty early on and stop your advancement before you get too close. They're just elevated. You didn't get a good look at them. Roll an attack. 17 to hit. That hits. Roll damage. Yeah, you want to fire at the same time? Which one are you shooting at, the drums? There was the drums, the flute, and the violin. Roll an attack for the drums. 16 hits, so damage? 12. And roll damage. 15, okay. Scanlan, I need you to roll a wisdom saving throw. You guys with your natural 20s! Okay. Roll it again. That's absurd. You've been storing this shit after a week we've been gone. All right. You take 24 points of psychic damage, Scanlan. As both of you guys fire, both of the instruments scatter for a second, and there is an echo of psychic energy that resonates throughout the entirety of that grove. The fire shakes and dissipates, almost going out. Scanlan, you can see reach up and grab the sides of his head in pain. The guard and the wolf that were dancing do the same, except they both collapse immediately on the ground. A moment passes, the instruments reform, the music continues, and Scanlan goes right back into the dance. The jaw is momentarily displaced as you pop it back into place. You take one damage from the punch impact, and you go into a rage. Running forward at your 50 feet, you make it into the center of the camp. Currently, the music is all around you, but you don't hear it because all you see is red and Scanlan's fucking horrible white man's overbite dancing by himself at the campsite with no allies. The elf isn't dancing; both he and the werewolf are on the ground, unmoving. No, they're fucking down. I need you guys to make opposed athletics checks. No, this would be strength. For this one, I initially said athletics; that's fine. They're almost equatable. Check. 25. You grab Scanlan. You begin to make your way out of the camp. It was 40 or 50 feet to get in and grab him. He's grabbed Scanlan and pulled Scanlan off his feet. Okay. Roll an attack. Total of 16? What's your armor class, Grog? What's your armor class? Roll damage. You take 16 points of piercing damage, halved, so you take eight. You feel the music begin to creep into your ears as the blood pumping in your skull begins to subside, and then (gunshot) your shoulder gets blown back. You look over and you can see the bullet wound and the blood beginning to pour out of the small piercing wound you've suffered in your shoulder. The red takes over once again. Clutching Scanlan at your side, you go running out of the field. Because this is the secondary round now, make one more athletics check versus his athletics check. Yeah. Scanlan's pushing away as hard as he can against your body, but you have him footballed under your arm and go charging out of the center there. As you pull out of the center of the camp, the flame's reclaimed its general spiraling height. The music keeps playing, and then as you guys rejoin the rest of the party, the music begins to fade as the instruments slowly drift down and lay still. You're all right now. Your brain comes to you. Your legs are a little sore, and you were already exhausted to begin with. Garmelie, who's there by the side, comes out of his invisibility, and says, "I tried! I really "tried! But you guys continually insist to go face-first in whatever I warn you about, because "you don't trust me, apparently, when you hired me to be your guide!" "Hopefully you've learned a lesson! God." (sighs) So what are you guys doing? All right. As you guys begin moving away, Garmelie scoots up a little bit and gets a look in the edge, and goes, "Well, you certainly found the happy campsite, so good job." "Yes! Yes, I did." (sighs) All right. I need you to roll a survival check with advantage, leading the group forward. 25. All right. You guys continue pushing duskward. Between you and Garmelie leading the way, the forest gets ever thicker. The trees get even closer together, and you feel that some areas have no more than maybe three or four feet between the tree trunks themselves. The rest is really angry, tangled roots, as well as the high-growing underbrush of the entire forest. Moon still unmoving in the sky. No. In fact, it's her high rolls that are keeping you guys from stepping into any of the local dangerous possibly screaming fauna. It did. With anybody else, though, it would've helped. It actually helped you. You still were charmed. It's not great. It would slow your pace if you didn't have her leading you through. It's still not the fastest pace in the world, but you're able to keep going at a decent rate. "Yes, from what I've heard." "Possibly." "I haven't." All right, make a perception check. As you guys are having this conversation, you glance up, right into two yellowish eyes that are piercing from just past the leaf line of the canopy above you. As soon as you look up and see them, they immediately disappear in the darkness, and you hear a low growl and some shifting in the leaves above you. At this point, you guys begin to hear, surrounding you in the distance, growling, sounds of shifting and movement in the trees just beyond. You hear in the distance one singular (howl) and barks echoing around you in the center of the forest. Shadows begin to dart between the trees, and a quiet moan of wind begins to break what was once silence in this forest. As you guys glance around you in the darkness, many of you having darkvision; even this low moonlight, Percy, you can still make out the shapes that are shifting. You look in your vicinity at what appear to be about six different medium to larger sized man-like humanoid creatures that step out of the trees, revealing themselves, most of which contain a wolf-like appearance, elongated snout, darker gray and brown furs, large pointy ears and gleaming angry eyes, the lips curled back revealing white teeth. You see one large tiger-like man, which sends you immediately into a recoiling moment, though larger than the rakshasa that you've experienced, and not with the signature back hands. They are unclothed, and you see barreling behind you guys, heavy footfalls as you see what looks to be a giant, bipedal bear clutching a greataxe comes (smash) through one of the tree clearings and (roars). They're not attacking. They're not advancing. They've just surrounded you. Some of the wolf-men creatures look at each other. The tiger individual steps further out of the shadows and appears to have two iron-like bracers on, a longbow strapped across his back, and steps forward to meet you from beyond the tree that he was partially obscured from. "Intruders. "Your terrible fate brings you within our domain. For what purpose?" "I know not of this tree." "There are many evils that corrupt this plane, small tasty thing." The tiger looks about at the other werewolves who are now stepping in, and the bear, who's put the greataxe over its back now at this point, begins to step closer in. The tiger, whose eyes are now bent on you, takes another step forward, "So." (buzzing) Isn't it, though? Especially at that climactic moment, my audio goes down. It's all good. I'm going to kill the music, then. Okay. Bringing us back in now. Sorry about that. It's something. Sure, we'll go with that. That's enough to give you the feel. The tiger takes that step forward, leans in to you, and goes, "To parley or continue our hunt?" Looks at the other wolves. "Call Ukurat." And roars out to the air. The other wolves all together begin to howl in unison. (howls) Loudly into the sky. (howls) Trinket's backed up with you guys, growling and facing off with the bear-like entity that's keeping eyes on Trinket but is still (growling) up into the air of the forest. A few moments pass as the howling subsides and they all stare intently, keeping a bestial cage around you in the center of this forest. It's at that point you begin to hear (footfalls) what sounds like a series of heavy footfalls at a speed, and the sound of trees thrashed as various hanging vines and branches are snapped or passed at such a speed. There is a mass of black shadow that comes emerging from the brush, slamming into the side of one of the trees near you with a clattering (crash). You see it pressed up against the side before leaping off, rebounding, landing right beside you guys, separating your group, giving Scanlan, Vex, Trinket, and Garmelie pushed to one side and the rest of you to the other. You now see this giant, feral beast, humanoid in shape once it begins to stand, but larger than anything you've seen before, as the large wolf-man creature stands at full height, about 12, 13 feet tall, its shoulders wider than yours, Grog. A series of various jeweled necklaces adorn its throat, and you can see what appears to be a makeshift leather belt and armored leg piece that sit upon it. Rings glimmer around its fingers, and you can see a series of scars drawn across one side of its cheek that go down to its throat. It looks about at the rest of you, separated, glancing at each side. "So. You seek passage, yes?" "There is a toll to pay. A favor to the Fendir is granted. A favor in kind." "We are the Fendir." The wolf creature that you expect, at this point, is the Lord Ukurat that you heard mentioned before by both Garmelie and the wolf and beast kin, leans down towards you, making you uncomfortable, as his head is larger than your entire body, Scanlan. The lips curl back, and you can see the glistening white teeth, and drool slowly dripping off the edge of its curled purple-black lips. (sniffs) "We will not eat this day if you agree to do us this favor." "The pixie Wishers carry a madness, one that pits them against all who wander these woods. They "prey upon us Fendir, take our forms to desecrate their twisted garden and decorate their lives. We "lose family. We, the Fendir, and I, lord of this brood, ask you to take into this home, find these "Wishers, destroy a relic of their people. In particular, a circle of crystal stones they keep. "It sits among their homes, tended by their mystic, Iotha. She wields the power to subjugate us all. "Do you agree to these terms, or does our hunt continue?" "If you do not think you have a chance, perhaps you're best suited as our meal for the night." "We have fallen to their magic. We are not tested and tempered against such trickster cunning "creatures. But if you speak like you've passed the campsite unscathed, perhaps you have skills we lack." "Yes." "She sees our kind to be exterminated." "Follow the lights." The small, glittering fey lights that you've seen throughout many of the darker forested areas of the Feywild since you arrived, now taking a look, they all slowly, gently drift in a singular direction before touching the ground and dissipating. Even though the wind that blew through with their arrival has faded, they all still drift in a direction as if they're being called a specific way. "Cancerous tree?" Make a persuasion check. Doesn't work for every single thing you do. The forest isn't going to help you with your persuasion check, sorry. The wolf leans forward, and the mouth comes right up to you for a second. The nose almost nudges you, and you instinctually stand back as it (snorts). "This is not part of our parley. We "grant you passage and to take what you wish off their pixie corpses. That is the deal. Take it, or "we hunt." "There is no out until this agreement is completed." "They and us rule this brush. Against each other, nothing will take your path away. We can "guide you if need be." "The brush will be ours. We will no longer be taken, our people left there to wither and "waste away to the elements." The bear, who's closer to you, takes a step forward, and you feel the ground shake behind you. Match his step, okay. Grog steps forward. The other of the wolves nearby see you, and they all (snarl) crouch down, snarling in your direction. Lord Ukurat puts his hands out. "Calm, "my brethren. We wish to live in peace amongst the woods, away from those who would hunt us, outside "and in." One of the wolves nearby speaks up, "She speaks like she knows this place." And you hear some laughter. The wolf's head, which is turned to you, Lord Ukurat turns to you. There were seven, including the 12-foot-tall one. "You have only heard one perspective." "Then go speak with them, if you'd like. Learn what we have learned. Perhaps that will help "guide your choice." "We will be watching." At this point, Lord Ukurat crouches down, leaps up into the canopy of the forest, and you hear (impacts) as he leaps off in the distance. The other wolves (howl) follow suit and dart off in separate directions, and you hear as the bear backs away, Trinket growls back at him. (bear growl) The bear goes, (grunt). Trinket goes (grunt). Broseph bear snarls. You guys are left to the quiet of the forest now. You've heard about people that transform, but any specifics about their capabilities-- "It's really up to you guys. I don't know if you have much of a choice right now." "I would think that would be the last portion of the plan. Everything else goes forward, "and then, all else fails, perhaps Garmelie would have a hard time." "You know exactly how to go there. Follow the lights." "If they let me." "I can maybe do that." "They're tiny. They're frail, mostly mischievous." He makes a motion with his hands about like that. "No, they're quite the opposite, actually." "They are fairly magical entities. Depending on which type of pixie they are, their "dispositions can shift dramatically. The Feywild entities that live and exist in certain areas tend "to adapt to those areas. There are creatures of all emotional and moral backgrounds and interests. "It's hard to say." All right, make a survival check. With advantage because you're in a forest. Just her, yeah. 22. You guys begin to move slowly forward as you ascertain a direction from the occasional small flutter of fey light that drifts at a slight curvature in its descent, making your way in the direction where, supposedly, the nexus of this pixie tribe should exist. We're going to go ahead and take a break. We will see you guys back here in a few minutes to pick up where we left off, wandering towards the pixie home. We'll see you guys in a minute. [break] So close. You're on the cusp of your week end, too. You guys make your way-- hoping that the music now is fixed. We shall see. It's a cable issue, not an iPad issue, it looks like. As you guys push on, you eventually see a cluster of small glowing lights in the distance, Vex. Garmelie immediately goes, "I'm going to hide now," and he goes invisible. "That's possible. Should I just stay back?" "Okay," and you feel the little hand grab the back of your belt again, a similar situation. You hear (groans). You guys now see what appears to be a thicket in the center of this portion of the forest. Maybe 20 or so natural-looking homes forming a small glowing community, almost like they were grown out of the ground of the local trees. The bark itself protrudes from the side of a tree and creates a dome-like abode that has carved little windows in it and a glowing interior. It's a very pretty fairy community out there, right in there in the center. All of the fey lights in the forest are slowly drifting in towards the center of this community. At a hundred-foot distance, you can just make out the faintest details. Yes. Each home or abode is about the size of a basketball. It's hard to see from this distance. You can just see the general size of the homes. She's the furthest ahead, yes. All right. Make a stealth check, guys. Of those who wish to move forward towards the village. And as you guys creep forward, still humming the essence of the tune you guys managed to escape earlier, Scanlan's enjoying the echoes of his countercharm that he so well presented earlier, you shush him as you slowly creep closer to the outskirts of this pixie community. As you get closer-- when you envision a city, or a cluster of abodes like this, it's a large section, but for the scale of this it's no more than maybe 25 feet across and there are maybe two dozen homes throughout the entirety of this space. You can see just on the edge, looking inside, what appears to be a circle of about ten slightly glowing quartz-like stones, arranged in a perfect circle in the center of the community, and most of the fey lights are drawn towards it and cluster and rest at the base of the stones before fading away. You can also see, throughout this community, arranged like decorative statues, three stone, human-sized wolf-men type creatures that are locked in place, their claws up like this. Some look like they're fleeing, over a shoulder. They're all locked in a stone position and currently now have draped over them small vines and flowers, and they now rest amongst the community as some sort of a landmark. You can see at this distance now a few moving, slightly brighter points of glowing light fluttering by and going from one little home to another. One over and into the circle flutters back. You guys are still at a good 40, 50 feet from the outside of this clearing. Not directly near you, no. They said desecrate. It is a clearing of trees about 25, 30 feet across, and along the interior of the trees are where a lot of the homes are grown out of, or out of the ground almost like strange tree trunk roots up into a dome-like natural home, and even they're arranged in a smaller circle around the central stone circle that is the middle. About 25, 30 feet for the entirety of the community. The circle itself is five to ten feet wide. It's not a very large circle at all. Perception check. 33. Doing a pretty intense scan of the vicinity of the forest around you, you see no sign of any of the previous pack that you encountered. Garmelie has watched this thing with eyes wide, and he's like, "That way." So you stand back a bit at the outskirts. What kind of hallucinatory terrain are you creating? Grasping at what you imagine pixie blood would smell like. So as Keyleth, you finish concentrating, you guys watch as there's a shimmer of magical energy, and now you see where once the beautiful glowing fairy light of the pixie abodes now look burnt to a cinder. You can see embers slowly rising off of them as the stone structures are now broken across the ground. Okay, so I want everyone to make a perception check. What are you looking out for? Which direction are you looking? Okay, so you're going with Garmelie, heading in the direction duskward. Where are you looking, Keyleth? Okay. Where are you looking? All right, so you guys continue pushing forward-- All right, you guys run, and run, and run, and you're pushing through brush and pushing over elements and heavy hard portions of the floor. I need everyone to roll-- this is going to be an athletics check for the keeping up the endurance and the speed. This is not easy terrain you continue to push through. You're fine. You don't need to roll. You've hit the spectrum today. You guys, calm down on the extremes! There are other numbers between those two, you realize, on the dice. You're not reading during this run. But as you guys are charging forward, Scanlan goes face-first over a heavy root into the ground. You guys have to double back, grab him, keep going. You push on, and you push on, and you push on for what seems like another 30 minutes to an hour. Your pace starts to slow due to general exhaustion and you're unable to keep that speed and that level of physical exertion for that long. Most of you can't. Grog is happy to go forever. Constitution of 20; he's good to go. There's a few things he's not good against. Tiny brain with arms and legs, not so good. That was fun. Eventually, you begin to see a thinning of the trees, like the forest is coming to an end. You're beginning to hit the edge of the duskward side of the Moonbrush. "As far as I know! Yes, we're going the right way!" "Through the Moonbrush. That's what we're going through." "Of course! Where else would I want to go?!" He's holding his hat and rushing along. "No theater!" You guys, at this point in time, come to the final tree line, Vex and Vax and Garmelie helming at the front of the pace before all three of you slam into something extremely hard. No, it felt like a wall. You stand back up and you guys catch up, and same thing you come up to the edge between where the trees that hit the perimeter of the forest are, and there's a barrier, an invisible barrier right there that's preventing you from crossing. "I don't know! I haven't encountered this." "I don't walk into the middle of dangerous forests for fun!" "I can have a look at it." He comes up and looks over it for a bit. "To be honest, this is a large-scale enchantment. This "is some sort of-- this is very powerful, very old magic." He turns around, looking at you guys. "Hi." Looking past you. As you guys turn around and see behind you what looks to be, shoulder to shoulder, a mass of furred, standing, snarling, beast-like humanoids. Behind them, landing and standing up to his full height, his snout having to dip beneath the brush under the nearest trees. At this point, you now see as Lord Ukurat steps from them, and they all begin to form a semicircle around you. He goes, "Were you trying to flee?" "If you had done what we asked, you would have been able to leave this forest." He's already turned around and walking away. He says, "Do what you will. I have no interest in "you. Liars, deceivers! You talk too much. Your meat would taste like ash in my mouth. Well, good "luck. Enjoy your time locked in this prison like the rest of us!" The wolves turn around and walk away. Go for it. Roll an attack. Okay, roll damage. It's been a few episodes. Okay. I need you to also make a wisdom saving throw. As you pull back with the bloodaxe, you slam with all your might into the barrier. As it hits, there's a streak, a flash of vibrant, bluish-white light and what sounds like the highest shriek you've ever heard in the entirety of your time on Exandria, at which point you watch Grog get flung backwards at incredible speed through the air, the actual blast sending you almost into your allies and party, slamming into one of the nearby tree trunks. The bloodaxe goes plopping to the ground as you feel a number of bones in your back crack from the impact. You suffer 28 points of psychic damage and 14 points of bludgeoning damage from hitting the tree. Garmelie goes, "That doesn't make sense. People enter and exit the forest without an issue." "I don't know." Okay. As you attempt to cast the spell, the arcane energy dissipates upon impact with the barrier. "That would be my uncle Jameson, who's the person I learned most of this information about "the Moonbrush from." "He was probably a little intoxicated when he was spinning these tales, but--" "As far as I know, it's his real name." "These were the things I was warned of, yes." Sure. You get on the broom, you go past the canopy and eventually, the front of the broom clips and scrapes against, and you can see a little bit of a shimmer of the barrier that domes up. Make a perception check. 25. You take a moment and glance about the tree line, the floor. No movement any further. Once the rest of Lord Ukurat and his crew had vanished into the nightward direction, you've seen no movement since. At this point in time, I'd say close to eight, nine hours. So you're taking a short rest or a long rest? All right, sure. So you're taking first watch. Okay. Can you...? Okay. The rest of you guys are resting and finding camp here in a small section of the trees. You're on that weird cusp where, looking out towards the barrier, you can see the dusk light, the usual sky of the Feywild, and as you guys back up to find your camp, a little deeper in the forest where it feels safer and less exposed, looking up, you can still see the dark, starry sky and the moon, both visible from your position past the trees above and past the barrier in front. As the rest of you are resting, you're finishing up your reading. You go Minxie form, and you go wandering the perimeter. Make a perception check. As you're stalking through, looking about, you catch a scent, a new scent. One you're unfamiliar with. It smells sweet, like a freshly fallen and opened fruit. You immediately instinctively look down and sniff across the ground. Out of the corner of your eye, you see a glow as you see two small, humanoid entities with pairs of wings flutter in in front of you and stop. What languages do you know? Okay. You do understand what they're saying, as they are both talking to each other in Sylvan. One says, "I'm not familiar with this one! I don't think I've seen this creature in here before." The other one glances over and goes, "You don't think she could've done it?" "You don't think that she could've done it? It's just a cat." "Is it, though?" They both get closer and inspect you. They're both rotating around your face and fluttering. One starts pulling on your ear a little bit, tugging on it. "It's okay." They move underneath, under your neck, and scratch just a little bit. The other one backs up and goes, "We have to keep looking. Something did this." You follow them? Okay. The rest of you guys are taking a rest. You continue reading. They stop and move, stop and move. They're doing a full perimeter. Apparently, they are some sort of a search party. Occasionally, you can hear bits and pieces of conversation at a distance, thanks to your better hearing as Minxie, but not incredible bits. They're discussing a scare. They're discussing the enchantment that was placed. They're discussing new intrusion. That's about the most you can make out of the conversation. You continue to follow them. You're going into the second or third hour of following them, and they're still doing a wide perimeter in the forest. They meet up with a third one, and they have a quick little discussion and then branch off. If you want to get closer. Okay. Make a stealth check. All right. As you creep forward in the middle of their discussion, the three of them all whip around at you. One of them pulls a wand out and puts it out in front, and the other two back up. The two that saw you before are like, "She's been following us." "Why?" The one that has the wand out goes, "I don't want to take chances." Puts the wand out. How many hit points do you have? In Minxie form? Okay. Raises the wand. There's a slight tingling sensation, and then nothing happens, and looks at the wand. "Strange." They all convene and start whispering to each other very close. They separate a bit. You hear one of them say, "We can always correct it later, but best to be safe than sorry." As you're peeing, I need you to make a-- I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You can't take it off the table before it's real. Constitution saving throw is 21 total? Oh, right. So as you're peeing, you feel another warm tingle over one shoulder, and you feel your muscles tense a little bit, and then relax as the effect passes over you to no effect. The three pixies go, "We have to tell her. I don't trust it." And they all flutter off. A few hours pass. Keyleth hasn't returned. You're still reading. This is your first time really trying out your wings. You're also in a very dense forest, so there's no space. As you heroically take off, you impact. Your wing hits a branch, and you go spinning out of the way. You're trying to. Make an acrobatics check with disadvantage. With disadvantage? You manage to not fall on your face, but it is a very clumsy-looking ascent. You make it, but a wingspan of that size, amongst tree-tops, is going to do very little other than what your general leaping would do. You get a little bit of gliding space from point to point. Yeah. But you don't fall. All right, so we'll say for the next couple hours you guys do-si-do in the forest until eventually you do convene. Your wings wear off, and you find yourself back at the camp, Minxie safely arriving just as you finish your final page of your book. And Scanlan goes right into the deepest slumber he's ever experienced. You guys find a little alcove by one of the bigger trees nearby that has some of the roots recess inward, and you build a small camp there that's covered with thatch and branches. You really have none. She's already been up for four hours. Go ahead and nap. You guys are staying up. You guys make perception checks, both of you. Okay. Partway into your watch, you do see, whereas there was the very faint, ever-present falling of the fey lights, you do see what looks to be two brighter lights that are traveling together, shifting about a little ways past your sight. They're keeping a distance. They don't seem to notice you. All right, they come pretty close, actually. They start heading in your direction. Do you guys do anything? Are you going to stay quiet? What do you do? Make a stealth check with advantage because of the camouflage that she put. You already have your crazy bonuses, but yeah, take advantage on that. Total of eight? With advantage? All right. As they drift past, you hear a fart, which isn't what catches their attention. It's the pause after, and Grog uncontrollably laughing at it, partially because the intent of Keyleth staying close to Vax while you guys were resting, and it went in her direction. You watch as two of these fluttering points of light about ten feet out. Stay there for a second, and then go darting off into the distance. Vex, you're the only one awake. All right, so. You guys prepare your tea. You set up your music box. A couple more hours pass, the rest of you coming to a semblance of a restful sleep. The only ones who didn't get a restful sleep on this would be Vex and... Percy? You barely got in there. You do not get your spells back, unfortunately. Scanlan, you reduce your exhaustion by one point. You did, yes, so you're down to only one point, which means your speed is no longer halved. You wanted to keep reading. At this point, towards the end of this watch here, you see as a cluster of seven lights now start swarming in your direction. You're starting to come to as Vex begins to nudge you guys to consciousness. You do. The sounds of your voice, accompanied by the music box playing through the air as the Wisher pixies arrive, at least this troupe of them come rushing up. You see they are all behind one that appears to have-- while all of them have a slight white with a hint of pinkish glow, there is one that has a deeper purple halo around it. As they all approach, they stop, and the purple one goes up to the paper that was left on the tree. "So! Enjoy your nap?" "Yes, we do." And the other pixies flutter down to the ground. She flutters down, as well, and they approach the tea set. They all look over, and they give a slight curtsey bow. You now have a closer look at them. They're all various lithe young men and women with little leaf-based or vine-based bits of attire. The one that has the purplish halo is an older one with whiter hair that's a little wild around the face. You can see the wings themselves look a little more tattered and worn. She's probably the respected elder of the troupe that's there. As they all step forward, she inspects the tea set and looks up. "So." All the pixies at once go (gasps) and they pull back. The purple one says, "You ran into them?" The pixies at this point are darting around to each of you. You each have a pixie hovering right in front of you, quickly inspecting your bodies. You can see now the central one, the glowing purple, is in the air, backing up. They all look around. You see the pixies all turn back, looking, okay. One of them by Grog turns and goes, "He's been wounded!" Pointing at his head. "If we are to continue this conversation, we need comfort. He is disquieting. Allow us." The older one glances over at you. Make a constitution saving throw. As you grin, you watch as his flesh goes an even duller gray color as his entire body turns to solid stone. "Now. Let us have a conversation." "So. You've encountered these beasts." "They sent you to come and kill us and destroy our home?" "You speak in many words that do not meet as one thought or theory." As the very tiny pixies all look at each other and look at you large folk, there's a little chuckle under their breath. The older one is glancing about, and a couple of the pixies drop next to her and whisper into her ear, and her eyes are still darting amongst you. No, they're very small, and they're very distant. It's impressive. The two pixies separate. The elder one crosses her fingers. "Few are those "who would deal with such miscreants and foul entities as those wolf kin, so much as to give our "little hearts a possible scare of death to our homes in an attempt to escape without but a "conversation. This puts us at unease. We do not like being at unease." She puts her hands up. "Very well. Mistakes are made, and punishments are doled out. So. We "shall return to our village. We shall lower the barrier to you, and all shall be fine." "He is your punishment for your infraction. But we've learned our lessons, and you may go "about your way." "There is no freedom to be bought. In these worlds, words and actions speak volumes, and "you've crossed our people. Right now, we could take you all as new entries to our garden. We took "but one. Be thankful you got off quite as easy. The Wishers set you free." Okay. She says, "Very well. Good luck on your endeavor." The rest of the pixies gather up around Grog's body, and you watch as they all glow and his stone form, as heavy as it should be, suddenly becomes weightless. It does. He slams into the ground with all the weight of a falling stone goliath into the dirt. At which point the pixies immediately go off and turn around. "You would cast incantations "towards us?" "Stories, nothing." They all gather and begin to whisper to each other, their heads darting around. At this point "This display is enough. Your words and your actions speak in difference, in "entirely opposing directions. If you are to continue to throw these words, these deceptions, "these lies in our direction, then perhaps we'll take you all for our garden." "Then let us take him, and you move on with your lesson." And they go and pick him up once more. You do? At this point, you guys watch as a shadow all of a sudden darts up from the ground and clings around the pixie. She whips around, at which point you now hear another (impact) as the stone Grog slams into the ground, all the pixies scattering around. You now watch as all of the various very gently falling fairy lights begin to (flitting) and be absorbed by the pixies of the forest. As their glows intensify, the purple halo growing, you see the central elder figure of the Wisher pixies say, "At least our allegiances now lie bare." I need you all to roll initiative. Yes, he is. All right, initiative order. We have 25 to 20? All right. 20 to 15? As soon as they dropped, they fanned out. 15 to ten? Ten to five? And Grog is stone. Sorry, buddy. All righty. Top of the round, Percy and Vex, you're up first. The one that you hexed, which I will mark here, looking overhead you can see is the one with the brighter, vibrant glow right there. That is currently the one, so I'm marking that as the Hex right there. There you go. Okay. Here? Okay. Do we have the cone templates? Because they're not by me right now. It's a very big cone. Hunter's Mark on that one as well. Thank you, Zack. I appreciate that. So 60-foot cone. You can get four of them into it. Conjure Barrage. All right. Dexterity saving throw. All right. That's a success. Success. Success. 18, 19, 19. And 16. All succeed. So roll damage, halved. Grog's stone form takes full damage. On the one, so roll for that one. It's an action to cast, yeah. All righty, so as everyone gathers up, immediately as the fight begins you can see as Vex puts a Hunter's Mark on the purple glowing pixie and then pulls out an arrow, releases it, and then it scatters into a blast of various shards of sharpened wood, metal, and stone that goes shooting into the nearby trees. You can see the bark of the nearby tree trunks being covered with various bits of ranger shrapnel as most of the pixies try and avoid, but most getting blasted with some semblance of impact. That's going to end your turn, unless you want to move some more. To you? To your stone form? That was 15. From the blast of the impact you can see parts of the stone get rough a little bit at certain points. Statues can break, and that's bad. Do you want Trinket to move at all? All right. Got it. That brings us to Percy, same turn. 16 does not hit. As you try to shoot, this tiny little glowing thing darts out of the way and the bullet goes wide. That does hit. All right, so that's your second attack. This time you do see as it moves out of the way you compensate for it and fire, this time you see the purple glow flicker as it takes an impact and recaptures itself into its original position. Deadeye sharpshooter? You can do that. Okay. You don't misfire. All right, so after the second shot hits, you fire, trying to compensate a third time, but the pixie actually stays in position and your fire goes wide once more. Cool, that ends your turn. The purple pixie leader, the mystic you mentioned before, now angrily comes fluttering forward, as you both have vanished. Seeing this little circumstance, is going to, from this position, look towards you at the very front, Vax. It begins reciting under its breath. As you cast your Counterspell, mark off your 6th-level spell. It finishes the incantation, as it does, a bit of arcane energy sprays forth from its fingertips and dissipates around it. Darts backwards. All right, Scanlan you're up. That's far as you can get. Okay. Okay, you just using a single charge for it? How many came back? You have to roll for the last couple of times you've gotten a full rest. Yeah that's true, actually. 4th-level Fireball. Okay. All right. As you pull out the wand and release it, one of the nearby pixies-- It has no effect. Oh my god, other people can counter. So the wand once again sputters out, as well. Well, it might still work after that. That's the end of your movement. That the end of Scanlan's turn? All right. It's now the pixies' turn. Actually, it's going to stay here, and before it moves... that will be in range. If I could have Keyleth make a wisdom saving throw. 28, yeah. No effect on you whatsoever. This one over here, as it flutters by after seeing you attempt to cast the spell, Scanlan, I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. That's magic in general? From what, though? No, War Caster is advantage on concentration checks to maintain. So as the pixie darts to the side, it mutters something underneath it and raises its hands up. Scanlan, all of a sudden your body shimmers for a second, and you guys watch as the already small gnome becomes even smaller. He is now a badger. It then continues its movement over here by the side of the tree. For intelligence, wisdom or charisma-- Yeah, so you're fine. Universal, so strength saves, it doesn't help for any of those. This other one here, glancing over and seeing you there, is going to look towards you. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. 19. You have advantage from? You are a kitty cat. You have one luck left? Yeah, technically. This one over here leans towards you, Keyleth. I need you to make another wisdom saving throw. 27. You never roll low on those wisdom saving throws. It's really frustrating. All righty, now comes to Vax. Right there? Okay, go for it. Okay, second two hit. For poison, it does not succeed. It is poisoned. Nice. All right, so now the mystic, the central pixie is fluttering, but it's not looking amazing. All right, so that ends your turn? All righty. That brings us to Keyleth. A dash is an action, meaning you move and then your dash, to move more, is your action. Okay. You see her with a little bit of cover. No, it would go in this direction. She's right here. All right, so. As you muster your Sunbeam, the leader, who has not used her reaction yet, is going to attempt to counter that. 6th-level, though, so it isn't an auto-counter. She has to roll for it. Counterspell, so that DC is 16. That is a 19. It is 19, unfortunately. I know. As you muster your Sunbeam, the currently wounded, poisoned-- let me check one thing real fast. On attack rolls and ability checks, because she's poisoned, she has disadvantage and has to roll again. A natural 20. Yeah. So it still counters it. So you go to put your Sunbeam, the light begins to build up into the middle of your grasp, as you're about to unleash it and she darts up from behind the side of the tree and unleashes a torrent of arcane energy that feels like a gust of warm wind hits and scatters the Sunbeam from your grasp, the spell lost. All right, that's the end of your turn Keyleth? All right. Garmelie turns invisible. Got to find a way to fix the glare on the mat without the angle falling forward. All right, top of the round, Percy and Vex, you guys are up. As of right now, technically, you have no sight on her. You are way back there, and she is completely behind the tree. Right, so you would have to move-- she's very tiny, and the tree that's probably five foot or more thick. So based on her size, as part of her advantage in using these trees is you'd have to get over here before you can see her. All right. This one? Go for it. Yeah, you roll the dice and then double that. 28 points of piercing damage? To that one, all righty. That's adding the sharpshooter? Okay, gotcha. Okay, so you take the shot, the blast echoing throughout the trees and the treeline. You watch as the pixie takes the slug and actually gets thrown to the ground and then flutters back up, barely. Yeah. It was undamaged before. All right. That'll hit. Roll damage. 24 points of damage. You hear this horrible, high pitched (yelps) as the light is scattered by a burst of what looks like a tiny blood spray, and dust and smoke. All right, Vex. You do have a sight on the big one, yes. It'll get cover bonuses. You'd have to get over here to see it. You initiate the bow, pull back the arrow, and release as it splits into three different arrows. Jesus Christ. Okay. Okay, 24. Wait, 12 plus 12, 24? All right, so the second one hits. All three hit. Even with three-quarters cover, the last one just barely hits. Roll damage on all three. 31 on the first hit, okay. All right. You watch as the purple light gets stapled to a tree in the back. You watch as the arrow hits her and carries her and she tries to pull herself off of the arrow as it's holding her against the distant tree and then it goes limp against it and the light slowly fades. You've got two more squares of movement if you want to use them. This way or this way? This way. All righty, that ends your turn. It would be her turn, but she just got stapled to a tree. Scanlan, you're up. No, she didn't turn you into that. One of the other ones did, I believe. You're right. Thank you. Scanlan has dropped beaver form. You can only really see one of them right now. Yeah, this one's supposed to be there. You can see that one over there. Oh, sorry, two. You can see that one, yeah. What're you doing, Scanlan? No, you can see the leader. She's fucking dead, yo. Here? This one or this one? This one's closest to you, and it's 20 feet from you. You do a Thunderwave? That one is going to attempt to Counterspell. Each one of them gets a Counterspell; that one's not done it yet. So as you rush up and begin casting it sees you rushing up and its eyes go wide for a second as it instinctually puts its hands out and the Thunderwave falls flat before you. Little angry badger. All right, that completes your turn. You take your inspiration dice. It is now the pixies' run. This one over here at this distance is glancing over and saw its leader get thrashed off to the side after having a series of daggers thrown into it. You attempted to cast a giant beam at that one in the distance as well, though, so I'm going to say it's going to go for you. Keyleth, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Roll it again. 20 total, okay. As it reaches out towards you, you feel your physical body all of a sudden begins to tighten, and you flex, and it regains its composure. No effect. This one here is going to dart past, and as it does, from tree to tree, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 15 total? All right, you are currently restrained as your body tightens up and you are unable to move, shift, take any actions. His body is beginning to turn to stone right now. His muscles are beginning to tense up. As this one darts past, it is going to attempt to-- I need you to make another constitution saving throw, Keyleth, as it watched it fade from the last one. We're gone for one week. You guys can save these for throughout the campaign. This is a pixie fight. These are nasty in their strengths. They're not very strong in a lot of things, but the few things they have are pretty good. Good. Well, you resist your second attempt at being petrified. You're restrained, which means you can't move. The actual definition attacks against you have advantage. Your attacks have disadvantage. Correct. It doesn't cancel out, it just means that you have disadvantage on all of your attacks. Your speed is zero; you can't move. You do have a third attack. This guy here-- I need you to make a constitution saving throw as it peeks around the tree from its current position. 21. You resist the effect. That was the last one going on its turn. Vax, you're up. With disadvantage? Hits. Hits. Misses. So two hit. That one's looking pretty rough right now, actually. At the end of your turn, I need you to make another constitution saving throw. Vax now turns to a solid stone statue, frozen in place. Two members of your party are now turned to stone. All right, that brings us to Keyleth's turn. Okay, what level is that spell? 5th-level? Only one of them has Counterspell left, and it's going to attempt it, but since it is at 5th-level, mark that off. It does still have to roll against it. DC is ten plus five, so DC 15. Yeah. It's a 15 plus three, sorry. That's not how it works for Counterspell. The good news is they're out of Counterspells. You reach forward and grab Grog. You see the pulse of energy, and it dissipates. You look over at the edge of the tree. You see one of the pixies darting behind and disappears behind the trunk. That ends your turn. Back to the top. Percy and Vex. What do you want to do? Sure, make a performance check. Good to know. You howl out into the woods. Ends your turn. Percy, Vex. That hits. That one is spattered by the impact. You see the chunks of it hit the tree behind, and you see a wing right in front of you, Scanlan. Over to this side here? To carry it over? 22 hits. It gets shot. The impact hits the tree next to it, but it splinters and hits it, takes some damage but not a whole lot. You can do that. You're ignoring the cover because of your sharpshooter feat, so go for it. You have currently two fairies left. No, you don't see them. They're hidden. There are two behind this tree and one behind this tree. From there, you can still see him. Hits. Damage on that one? The pixie gets hit and holds itself against the tree. Its wings stop fluttering. It looks over at where the impact came from and stares down at you. Yeah. Hits. It gets another hit. This one impacts just near it and clips one of its wings. It's still holding in there. Over this way. Trinket can try. Trinket's not going to be able to get there, though. You currently have no way of seeing it right now unless you move far enough in that direction. You may. That's as far as you can get. I would say it has three-quarters cover, so you can attack it, but it gets plus five to its AC. 23 hits. That hits. Sure. Because it's a bonus action, you would've done it. (arrows loosed) Off to the side. One arrow actually grabs it by the shoulder and hits it against the tree there, and as it tries to pull the arrow out, which is this giant shaft that's shattered its shoulder entirely, it looks back at you as you take its head off its shoulders. No, that's as far as you can move. Does that end your turn? Scanlan, you're up. You do not. You can just barely see two of them behind that tree right there. Behind Grog, Vax, Keyleth, and that cluster. Depends what you're doing. It's probably going to hit Vax, but who knows the effect lightning would have on stone? At 7th-level. So it does an additional 4d-whatever it does. So which ability are you using Bigby's Hand? The clenched fist. Roll a melee spell attack against its armor class. So roll a d20 and add your spell attack bonus. That hits. Roll 8d8 force damage. It's 4d8, but because you did it two levels higher, it's 8d8. Where once there was a pixie, there is a brief spatter of reddish-pink mist, and nothing thereafter. Bigby's Hand has sent it so hard to its afterlife that there is a small black mark on the tree nearby where it once was, just an echo of its existence at one point. All right, end of Scanlan's turn. The pixie then turns about and begins running. As it disappears past the trees a little bit, you watch as a large, dark form lands right in front of it. It stops for a second, and two giant claws reach down and grasp it in its hand, pick it up, and you can see before you, Lord Ukurat is now clutching this one pixie that was trying to escape. Looks inside for a second. (chuckles) "Vengeance is tasty." (chomps) "Not very filling." Stomps forward. "So. You called." Make a deception check. On ability checks, you are. You can also add your own bardic inspiration to your ability checks now because you're level 14. But if you feel pretty confident with it-- It's too late. You're going to know pretty quick. As you say this, he comes forward and gets really low to the ground with his arms out at the sides, face right up to you. He could snatch you up in one bite. He goes, "Clever gnome." Stands back up. "So. One pixie, two pixie, three, four. Where is their leader?" Takes a look at it. (howls) All the rest of the various members of his clan of the Fendirs begin to arrive in the distance. "Yes, my lord?" "The mystic is dead. Wipe up the village. Come. You have the rest of your deal to attend to." Turns around and begins walking back toward the city of the pixies. "Then bring them along!" You come to consciousness, Grog, suddenly, in a different space than you recall, a little stiff in the joints, like you just had a really bad night's sleep across a whole pallet of broken rock. Vax, as you come to, the heat of the moment, you catch your breath again, and feel that achiness in your joints. Garmelie appears behind one of the trees. "Is everything cool? Everything good?" "Okay. No, I was-- got you guys' back." He opens his sketch pad, and you can see there's a bunch of hastily drawn sketches of Vax turned to stone with his finger up his nose, Grog in the ground with his stone thumb up his butt, smiling with his other thumb up in the air like he was. And the rest of you fumbling your attacks as the pixies are laughing. Welcome to the Feywild. So you guys make your way nightward? Following the Fendirs? You journey with them. They make a pretty quick pace. Even at your fastest, you resort to tracking them. They're moving with quite alacrity and they know this forest really well. As you guys begin to approach the outskirts of the little grove where the Wishers existed, you see a heavy battle has just begun to calm down. You see two additional wolf statues now stand amongst the area, but the abodes have been destroyed. You see that the tiger has grabbed a pixie and tears it in half. A couple others that have been darting off in the distance, trying to escape, three more of the wolves jump up into the trees, and you see them jumping from branch to branch before their lights-- At this point, they all begin to slowly gather again towards the center of the town, or what used to be the pixie town. From the treetop, (boom) Lord Ukurat lands next to the stone circle, looks out towards you guys, even beyond the tree line. All the rest of the Fendirs, which are now a few more in number than you initially met before. We have two more that have turned to stone, so there's now five total that are stone in the center of this village, but looks to be about nine of them now gathered up centrally to this space, Lord Ukurat in the center. They're beginning to follow in around you guys, keeping a perimeter. Ukurat looks down at you as you approach. "So. Honor comes at the end of the journey. We made a pact, "and you completed your end. We complete ours. You are free to pass through this forest." As Lord Ukurat reaches down and grabs two of the stones, you can see as his fingers grab them, they're burning his palms, singeing. There's a bunch of energy pushing back on him as his fur is blown and there's a bright light emanating from the center of the circle. Wrestles them forth from the ground. As he does, there's a crack of thunder that cascades throughout the center of the forest. All of you feel the impact. The stone circle, the glowing quartz now dims and goes cold. The center where it used to be vibrant grass slowly turns to a dull gray and withers between the stones. Throws them to the ground. "Now, we are all free. You say you travel duskward to the corrupted tree, yes?" "I will follow as my people find a new home for tonight. Should you need my help, just call, "and I will be at your back." "As are you. Brethren, go. Spread. Find a home again. I will return to you once this debt is "paid. Now, I'll be watching." He leaps into the treetops as the rest of the wolves begin to back away from you and vanish into the shadows of the forest. You are welcome to make some investigation checks to scour through the remains of this pixie village. 23. What was it again, sorry? The rest of you guys keeping back on this? You take the dead crystals, and the rest of them lift up like any other crystals. They're lighter than you expected. They seem almost frail, like a volcanic rock in lightness and brittleness, but more dense. You take those, keep them to yourself. You guys look about, and most any pixie furniture has been destroyed. In searching through, you do find in some of the homes a number of well-polished gems. You find two sapphires that are worth, after looking over them for a bit, in your experience with gems, about 200 gold apiece. You find one cracked diamond. It was very well-cut at one time. As such, what would have been worth thousands of gold now is maybe close to a thousand gold at most. It can maybe be repaired or brought to somebody who can fix it up. It might be worth more. You also find what looks to be a really intricately carved onyx statue of a dog, about that big. It's really well-carved. Other than that, most everything else is just inconsequential decorations that wouldn't be much help to you, as they were smaller people. Is that a ritual? I don't believe it can be cast as a ritual, can it? You would have to stay here the night and do it again. Just where the circle was. No. Just the circle. You guys begin trekking duskward again, finally getting to the outskirts of the city. As you reach the outer perimeter of the forest, you reach up and you find no barrier there. It has been dispelled, and you guys step forth into the field, hearing now as you travel further northward, duskward, the gentle sounds of rushing water begin to approach. Garmelie glances past you and goes, "Well, good news. We've reached the Gilded Run." "Bad news, we've reached the Gilded Run." "It's a difficult thing to pass. Those rivers are quite expedient." "Yeah." You guys head back into the Moonbrush. You ascend up into the canopy and prepare yourselves, finding an area of branches that can be cleared to give yourself a comfortable space to stay for the evening. Well, travel to and from the center of the forest has taken a few hours, so it's been a while. Hey, man. It's what they do. As you guys make yourselves restful and set, you all begin to fall asleep to the distant sound of howling as it gets more and more faint. The sleep takes you to prepare for the next run of your journey, next week in Indianapolis! We'll see you guys at GenCon for the next episode as you guys approach the Gilded Run and the Shademirk itself, seemingly getting closer to the end of your journey in the Feywild. We'll see how this plays out. A werewolf in tow, that you know of. It was an unfortunate circumstance. The wound above the eye, the lack of decent diplomacy, their fear of the spread of lycanthropy-- Thank you so much! We'll see you guys at GenCon next Saturday at 8pm Eastern, that would be 5pm Pacific time, streaming next Saturday. Just the Saturday show.