Where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. (laughter) No? Fantastic. Thank you Laura. Yes. Taliesin! Wednesday Club coming up, right? Awesome. Speaking of Taliesin and a different Matt, we're both going to be on Eric's TBD RPG tomorrow at noon Pacific time. The dice are gone. Well done. Jesus. Yay! We'll have more soon! But we'll both be on Eric's TBD RPG tomorrow at noon, here at Geek and Sundry, Pacific time for the Doctor Who RPG. I'll be returning as my character Meatstick, the-- Meatstick, yeah. He's a heavily experimented-on Ood who is massively buff and looks kind of like Nemesis from Resident Evil 3. But with more of a tentacle mouth. So that'll be fun! I know it is, and I believe Darin De Paul will be joining us as well. Maybe? He's supposed to be. I think he might be a little late. I'll check in. Mystery! Abound! Marisha! New Signal Boost, went up this week? Full circle! You should watch it. It's only getting weirder, folks. I will be at Sakura-Con by the way, next weekend. April 14th through the 16th up in Seattle. Be doing some panels, signings, and fun stuff, so if you guys are up in the Seattle area next weekend, come say hi! It'll be fun. Sorry, pardon my belch. Snuck up on me. And once again, Will Friedle is going to be at the Wales Comic Con, April 8th and 9th. Real soon. So if you're near Wales, go say hi to Will, give him a bunch of really large presents that he can't bring back on the plane, they will become his problem. So, that's my recommendation. Fuck that guy, exactly. And a reminder me, Taliesin, and Marisha will be guests at Momocon, May 25th to the 28th in Atlanta, Georgia! So if you're in that area, other side of the country, come say hi then! Because that'd be fun. And Talks Machina, of course, every Tuesday, at 7PM Pacific here on Twitch and Alpha, where we talk about-- next week, we'll be talking about this episode! And the episode before that a little bit, probably, too. The panel went great! We had a great turnout at WonderCon! Like we kind of filled the arena. I had this big fear we were going to get up on stage and it was going to be, like, seven people in the front row and just empty space. Jesus. So thanks for coming, guys! Great, so you can check it out then. And I believe, unless I'm mistaken, that's it. Anything else anyone wants to talk about? Noelle, anything you want to talk about? Awesome! I'm so glad. What'd you have? Nice, good choice. Which, by the way, thank you again, Noelle, for coming and playing this again this week. And, on that note, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] I'm sure it was somewhere in there. I think you did. Okay, good. Little else, though. There you go. That was awesome. Well, there you go. Chain devils, period no. N-O. Period. Just don't. However, your new dwarven friend transformed into some sort of a lycanthrope werebear, taking a greatsword from Grog's stash in the bag of holding. You gave chase over one of the guardians and keepers of the stronghold, killed it, and in doing so alerted other members of the stronghold, killed them, and in doing so alerted other members of the stronghold, and Grog, creeping forward down this hallway, revealed a central chamber where betwixt two pools of what appear to be molten, glowing blood, and sitting upon a throne, the corpulent, grotesque, sweaty, slick pit fiend named Utugash sits there. The terrible toothy grin, who speaks telepathically into your mind. "So. What do you bring to me to pleasure?" And I need you all to roll initiative. Yeah, just like the last one spoke to you. Kind of, yeah. All righty, folks. So, given that point. 25 to 20? 20 to 15. Who has what? All right, so, as the pit fiend's still just standing there, its arm hanging over the edge of this giant axe it's using, propping it, it stares at Grog. It seems to be completely lazy, confident, and doesn't feel threatened whatsoever by the presence of this goliath that has stepped into its visual range. However, top of the round, Vax and Vex. What do you guys want to do? So you guys are right there. The only entrance you know of is this one right there. That's okay. Now you know. Okay. You move along on this side? The distance between you and Utugash would be 25 feet. Okay. That hits. Trinket into the room? Or just into the hallway? Trinket, from here, would be five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35, 40. Trinket has a speed of 40, right? Trinket can get there. You don't know. No, as long as the enchantment's in the radius, it's fine. (laughter) You rush in, you get there. Are you waiting for Trinket to get there before you throw? All right. Go for your attacks. 55 points of damage. Slick. All three hit. No, it doesn't. He's immune. Okay. So you're now hiding against this side of the wall there. As Trinket runs in into the center of the area, as Trinket rushes in and rushes up to the side of the pit fiend, what are you doing? That's Doty. All right, let me check one thing real fast on beastmaster. You are technically taking the attack action yourself. I'll allow it. That's true. Yeah. I'll allow it. How it usually works is your action is the attack, and then as a bonus action you can give it, it's like you're both attacking at the same time. You're holding your action, but it is still an attack action, so I'll allow it. Go ahead and use it. It's fine. 21 hits. Awesome. Are Trinket's attacks magical? So Trinket gets an attack, scrapes the claw, gets up there as it runs into the room, the claw strikes, slashes across the front of the belly of the giant red pit fiend. It doesn't do as much damage as you hoped it would. It does some damage, but not as much as you'd hoped. All righty. That ends your turn. You're holding your action until you have visual on the pit fiend. Taryon, what are you doing? Okay! So for the purposes of this, this is now a window here. Yeah, no. It's beautifully carved. Yeah, it was like some Italian architects designed this beautiful-- Perfect. So, to Taryon. Use your action to rush forward, you rip off the patch, slam the patch on the side, and you watch as the stone suddenly crumbles to dust in that space. Window is now open in the side of that wall. As soon as that happens-- Vex, go make your attack. Two against the pit fiend. Go for it. 30 hits! Go ahead and roll damage. Yep. That's cocked. Yeah, rolled a 20. Nice. All righty. Go for it. Second attack? 21 hits. All righty. So both arrows fire off. You watch as the one slams into the side of Utugash and the vines wrap around. Utugash brings one arm up, tears them off of his body, picks up the axe and hefts it over the shoulder looking back at where the window now exists where once there was none. Looks over and sees you and Taryon through the window. You could attempt to make a hide, but he was looking directly at you. You can move on inside. Yeah, you already used bonus action. So yeah, you can move out of the way if you want. This way or this way? Towards Doty? Okay, so you're going to move on the other side of Doty. That's going to be your movement, there. Okay. Cool. That is going to bring us to Taryon. Did you want to do anything with Doty? How big's the window in size? He could pull through, but it's going to take half his movement to do so. And Doty runs this way. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35. Doty gets right there, just crammed through the hallway and squeezed through. And that's going to be where Doty stays. All right, that ends your turn. All right, at this point now, Utugash puts one hand up and gives some sort of a marker in the air. You're not quite sure what the meaning is or what it's doing. You're the only one who really sees it, Taryon. Well, you see it too, Grog, actually. You don't, actually. He just goes like-- That's it. All right, Keyleth. Then Tova and Grog, you're on deck, so-- Taryon is. You moosh past Taryon. Blight? Okay. Range on Blight is 60 feet, right? 30 feet? You're going to have to get closer. Each square is five feet. It's five, ten, 15-- Yeah, the big squares are ten. So you'd have go through the window to do it. Okay, so you step through, you get about there. You have ten feet more movement. So that'll do it. All right, so. You're not going to have enough movement. You'll get up into the window. You won't get all the way through. That is a 21. What's your DC? Yeah, so takes half damage. Go ahead and roll damage. No, you learned as the last battle, that pit fiends, as do most devils, have magic resistance. They have advantage on saving throws against spells. You figured this information when you researched. They seem to have resistance from non-magical weapons, from the research you've done, yeah. You get up partway through the window, and that's the extent of where you go. All righty. Tova. Grog. To get over here? That would be 30. 35 feet would get you right at the front door, there. You could go through the window. You'd lose about ten feet of your movement, but you'd be able to get through it. You'd probably push her out of it. If you carry her through, that's going to use part of your actions this turn. Or you could just barrel through and push her out. What're you going to do? Yeah. You can get right up next to him. You rush over and go right past, now bear and bear, side by side. Keyleth, you get knocked out of the window, prone. All of a sudden this giant werebear (impact noise) just shoulder checks you and you go flying out, landing on your face, on the heated stone. (sizzling noise) Ah! Take three points of fire damage. (groaning) Currently, no. Your full movement gets you right up next to the pit fiend. You have a bonus action, too. Your claws are magical in general. Okay. So you take the sword and chuck it aside for a second, and bring out your bear claws and you're going to go for a double strike? A 19 to hit? 19 misses, unfortunately. 25 does. The first strike goes (scraping sound), scrapes across the front of the belly of the pit fiend. No damage sustained, chuckles deeply. You back up with another strike. 14 damage? All righty. And you can use your bonus action to attack a third time if you want to. If it's self-inflicted, no. All righty. So go ahead and roll your Crimson Rite die, which I think is a d8. So you just roll a d8 and you take that much damage. There you go. So you take one point of damage, and, as far as the Mutual Suffering-- All right, there you go. So. You watch as you rush up to it, you slash it twice with your claws, and as you pick up your sword, you put one hand up, and as you close your fist, you watch as blood pools in the center of your palm and drips out the corners of your fingers. As it does, you watch the veins on the outside of Utugash's stomach pulse for a second, and his chuckle goes (groans), like he got a tummy ache. All right, that ends your turn. So that finishes Tova turn. Grog. Certainly. You may. You transform into your larger self. You may. That hits. 36? 33. Damage? Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage for each. Nice! So 40 points of damage on the two strikes. As you rush up, almost diving into the pool, you skirt off to the side, slam the Titanstone Gauntlets together and grow to your larger size. Swirling the axe in the air, you go (whoosh), and the second strike in a big X formation across the side of it. You see it gashing across the arm and the upper muscles of the shoulder, and you see his fingers grip the axe with more anger and frustration. Right, right, the hammer, okay. You may. Yeah. It's a dark, dark blackish-purple. All righty, that ends Grog and Tova's turn. Percival. Okay, make a perception check. You glance inside, and you can see what appear to be piles of goods small chests, boxes, crates. It looks like various things that have been collected and just shoved in this corner and locked up. There is a lock on this door. Through here? Yeah, you have visual. You don't have a bonus action, we'll say, because you moved up and just glanced inside. Okay. The lock? Okay, go for it. 27? Okay, go ahead and roll damage on the lock. 16 points of damage? The lock blasts off, and leaves hanging a small piece of twisted, turned metal that once was the top of it. The door is now unlocked and open. Utugash. 31 hits. Okay. 8d6 lightning. Cabal's Ruin, man. Vestiges (singsong) at your disposal! 23 points, okay. It's a 29. He had a natural 19. Go for it. Okay, nice. Okay, because you blew the lock off and the door's somewhat ajar, we'll say you move it open and get partially inside, that's as far as you can get. All right, so you get behind the door, and you're ducking in the side there. Perfect. Okay. At the end of your turn, Utugash is going to use a legendary action to attack you. That is going to be a 16 to hit. I think that hits you because you have no armor on. So, as the giant axe swings towards you, that's going to be 23 points of slashing damage with the axe. However, that does trigger the Mutual Suffering, so he takes 23 points of necrotic damage from the impact. As the axe swings and cuts across your bear chest, all of sudden, where the blood bulged earlier, you watch a secondary wound open simultaneously where no weapon was apparently visible and blood begins to just trickle out. Devil blood. And he's going to use, as part of his last legendary action, and does another maneuver with his finger like that. He did this. So, at the top of the round-- The only people in the room right now, Keyleth is face-first on the ground. I need Tova and Grog to make perception checks, if you could. Have Trinket roll a perception check. Whatever his perception bonus is. Trinket doesn't know why, but he's like (sniffs). And you watch Trinket looking around the room. The pit fiend is not alone. You don't know where anything else is, but while the room appears to be empty, Trinket is picking up other scents in the room. (laughs) Sure. Why not? Your bear form, you speak bear "There's something here!" (laughter) You hear the sound of grinding stone. You don't see anything. Unfortunately, the low light in here, and your not great perception, you don't pick out any visual, other than-- a familiar sound to you, Grog-- as something in the ceiling opens up, and suddenly searing hot oil comes spilling from the ceiling, down onto both you, Trinket, and Tova. I need you to make dexterity saves, Tova, Trinket, and Grog. Nope! Three. All right, that is 21 points of fire damage to Trinket, Tova, and Grog. 21 points of fire damage. Devils have a strange thing called immunity to fire damage. They're devils, man. It's considered fire damage because it's the heat that does it, so you take half of that. Put you at ten. So as that's happening, as the oil splashes down, you guys are tensing from the impact. Vax, you peer around the corner and you hear (creaking), and you look to the other side just as the portcullis has been lifted, and you see coming out of the opposite side the chamber is one of the bone devils that you've seen wandering in the street and is pouring from the other side. Its claws come through. It's as wide as the hallway, its jaw unhinges, its tongue slathering, these small flapping insect-like wings across the back of its scapula, its claws reach out towards you. Once he takes the damage, the curse is up. It's just for one hit. But he took 23 free damage, which is nice. Vax, he's going to take three attacks on you. That is a 27. All right, that is a 20. And with the tail, that is a 24. Okay. So the first claw hits you, you take 11 points of slashing damage, and as the first claw strikes you across the chest, the second one, you manage to duck right out of the way, it slams into the stonework, and as you glance up, you try and dodge and roll out of the way as the tail scrapes you across the back. That is 18 points of piercing damage, reduced to six, and you would have the possibility of becoming poisoned; however, you guys are still under the effect of Heroes' Feast, so that does not affect you. Now it is Utugash's turn. Utugash stands here with the axe and goes, the mouth not moving, you just hear the voice echoing between your ears. It's sourceless and in your face, "Now that we're all gathered around--" There's a flash of red in the eyes and suddenly the ground circling him erupts into flames. A wall of fire is now currently circling the vicinity. This entire column of 20 foot tall flames encircle him and bursts up, singeing Grog, Trinket, and Tova. It's about 25 feet. A little bit. You can't see through the fire, the fire completely obscures your visual of him. All you see is flames, and you see the vague shadows of Tova, Grog, and Trinket, now currently engulfed in them. I need you guys to all roll dexterity saving throws. Nice! All righty, everyone but Trinket failed. 23 points of fire damage to Grog and Tova. So that's 11 to you and Trinket. Trinket takes 11. Currently nobody else has visual range. You have no vision for Percy. Any ranged attacks, you cannot see the creature. Utugash sits there in the flames surrounding him, seemingly not interested in moving at the moment, enjoying the current position. All righty, Vow of Enmity is in play. Dance back past Doty? All righty. At the bone devil? That hits. About 25 feet tall. A little four or five foot gap, very small. 52 points of damage. Nice. As you throw the dagger, as the creature watches you dart past, it streaks out to try and strike at you, but you're already gone. As you turn around, you throw the dagger. It strikes right into the chest of the bone devil, as it bursts with this dark grayish-white light indicative of the Raven Queen's direct impact. As it bursts, you watch as part of the flesh tears open, showing the dark bluish purple sinew and muscle beneath, and the devil just (growls). That brings us to Vex. Okay. You glance in and you just see fire and the butt of Trinket sticking out of the fire. Yeah, just up in the air, kicking. You can't see it. I'll say, you have no visual on him. You can go ahead and shoot. Go for it, try it. Disadvantage. No, he's completely covered. Okay. You watch as you fire your arrow and it disintegrates upon touching the wall of fire. The actual shaft burns as it impacts in the flames. Give it a shot. Okay. So, second attack, Blazing Bowstring, go ahead and roll with disadvantage. 19. You go ahead and fire. It isn't consumed by the flames, but the arrow you hear exit the other side and then ricochet off the far wall and miss the creature's target. All right, go for it. 26 does hit. 15. Halve that to seven, seven points of slashing damage across. Through the fire, still bravely fighting into it. That's a good plan. Backs up and gets out of the flames, backing up against the wall. All right. Where do you want Trinket to land, by the way? Over there? Okay. You back out of the way of the window, over here? Okay. As Trinket backs into that corner, I need Trinket to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. A giant cage falls from the ceiling of heated metal and lands on him, filled with spikes and (sad bear noises). You hear Trinket yell from the other side. Trinket takes seven points of piercing damage. And six points of fire damage from the heated metal, and Trinket is currently restrained, has to try and break free to get out. Nope, Utugash is evil. There is a definite distinction. It's important, guys. All righty, so. That ends your turn, Vex. Taryon, you're up. It looks like there is no visible door, you'd have to tear it off of him. I'd say it's about halfway done. This has all happened pretty quickly, because as soon as the battle started with the cambion that you guys chased out, every round thereafter, it's still going. So you still have five more rounds of Haste. Okay, you jump over the window. Keyleth breaks your fall. Yeah, and you see a column of flame just flickering and burning in the center of the room. Occasionally, you see a wing tip carve through the top as the creature is moving within the wall of fire. Double your movement. If you wanted to, yeah. You rush into the flames. I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw. 30 points of fire damage. Halved because of? That's true. There you go. So 15 points of fire damage to you, Taryon. As you rush through, you're like, "Hah!" The fire was enough, and you sit there and look right up on this massive, like, swollen devilish entity with giant red leathery wings, lower jaw with hooked tusks that stick out the bottom, gleaming yellow piercing eyes, giant horns that curl up from the brow, a giant axe in one hand and the other hand just points at you and goes, "Hi." in the center of your head. All right, go ahead and make the attack. Well, no-- hold on. I'm going to pull up your class here, just to check it out. When you throw it, they have to make a saving throw. So what's your DC? 17. Okay, and it requires a saving throw. Because it's the acid. It's dexterity. Okay. That is 17. Creature must succeed or take-- yeah, he resists it entirely. Yeah, sorry. So as you throw it, it hits the edge of the horn and just shatters and breaks behind it. You do have a bonus. What you do is you have an extra attack-- as Haste you get your action. That was your action. You have another action to do a melee attack if you want to. Okay, go for it. Roll for an attack. So yeah, as hasted, you get the additional attack. That hits, actually. Go ahead and roll the damage. And it is a magical weapon, so he's not resistant to it. Is that fire damage? No. 13 points of damage against the pit fiend as you stab it and you can cast Sanctuary on yourself as your bonus. As Doty charges forward and rushes in. I need Doty to make a dexterity saving throw. Doty takes 30 points of fire damage. Well because he hurt himself going through the metal outside. So Doty comes rushing in and goes (impact sound) and just collapses on the ground next to you, superheated. (sizzling noise) You don't think so. He's in the fire, yeah. No, the flames curl around, sorry. All right, so that ends Taryon's turn. At the end of the turn, the pit fiend sticks a hand out of the flames and does this motion. Make a perception check again, Grog. And Tova, both you guys. 17, okay. Still not quite noticing anything, but you're starting to notice that there are these small, inset stone circles on the wall behind him, over in this area. And you watch as two of them go (stone grinding) and get pressed in by themselves. Into the wall. Like something just pressed this giant, circular stone button-- separately. So Vax, where you are, the floor, you hear a (click), like something releasing. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. All right, go for it. 25 is enough. The ground suddenly hinges out from under you, and you leap up and jam your blades into each side of the wall and put your foot out to the side, and it's almost not enough to press into the small space, but you just barely catch yourself, Van Damme-style, on each side. The bone demon across from you, its wings flare up as the ground tumbles out from under you. You see about ten feet below you a pool of molten iron that is just (burbling). It stays open, swinging for a few seconds, before it closes once more beneath you. One way to find out. That brings us to Keyleth. You stand up and see Trinket currently trapped in the cage next to you just whining (sad bear whimpers). All right, so you're doing Tidal Wave. Right up front there's a little bit of a gap there, and Doty is on the ground, you can step on Doty. How wide is the Tidal Wave? It's still going to hit somebody. There's five feet between Taryon and Tova, and-- Towards me? So this way. Okay. You're choosing Taryon? So, this way? Right. In order for it to hit the pit fiend? It's going to hit either Taryon-- No, because Grog's far off to the side-- If it comes back this way, it's just going to hit Grog. It's going to hit either Taryon, or it's going to have to hit Tova and Doty. I need Tova to make a dexterity saving throw. What is it? That's not going to work for a spell DC. However, Utugash does not make the save either! With a roll of a six plus eight, that is a 14. So, that's 4d8 bludgeoning damage, go ahead and roll that. Okay. Okay. As is Tova. Correct! So, the water (whoosh), and the wall of fire in that one section (sputtering, fire roaring back to life). Unfortunately, the enchantment continues to produce flames once the spell disseminates the water. The nature of the spell is it perpetually conjures fire. So, there is a brief moment where it causes a gap, and the flames pick up once more. He is knocked prone, he took damage. Are you going to move, or are you going to stay where you are, Keyleth? You do. So you go back there, and you can move right back, around-- Okay. That ends Keyleth's turn. Tova. Grog. So you can get up and use half your movement. Are you under half health? So you maintain control. Half your movement. You're still in the flames, currently. You can take your turn and then back out of the flames, if you wanted to. With what type of-- Your hands feel more comfortable. Where once was these giant bear claws, you watch as mystic ice gathers around them, turning into longer razors that extend from your regular claws. Not to hit, but it does an additional 1d8 cold damage per strike. That hits. You do get advantage because he's prone-- That hits. The third attack, if you want to use your bonus-- You already used your bonus, you only get two. Both hit! Roll damage. Add 2d8 cold damage to that as well, because of your Crimson Rite. Yeah. Nice! That's a total of 37 points of damage in two strikes. Do you want to back out of the flames? You can get that far out of the way. You back up just out of the fire. Look over, and there's another bear chained in that place. That ends your turn. Grog. Unfortunately, because of both of your sizes, you cannot advance into the ring. He takes up too much space. You're either standing right in the middle of the ring and just taking it, or you're going to have to back out of it. You can try, if you want to. Correct. You may. That hits. That hits. Yeah. Ooh, all righty. 22 points of damage, all right. You may. That's five attacks in one round. That hits. (high-pitched) Yeah. He did over a hundred. You're staying where you are? Make your dexterity saving throw. 28 points of fire damage. Reduced to half, 14. All right, that ends Grog's turn. Percival. Well, ranged attacks against prone creatures have disadvantage, naturally, and you can't even see him, you have no visual range. You don't even know that he's prone. Yeah. I was asking if you wanted to do that or not. You move out and do not take the last bit of fire damage. You take that when you end your turn in the fire. How far do you back up? Just out of the range? You step out of it. You can glance to the side, yeah. Go for it. Okay. Okay, cool. 23 hits. (slams) up against the wall there. The portcullis is currently closed. As soon as he pushed through it. Okay. 24 hits. That is a 16. Okay, cool. Sure. 16 does not hit, unfortunately. All right, that ends your turn. At the end of Percival's turn, there is a grinding sound above. Grog, I need you to make another dexterity saving throw. It gets around your upper torso and sticks partway on, and your arms are (click) to the side. It tears into you. You take 14 points of piercing damage reduced to seven, and then six points of fire damage reduced to three. You are restrained. Yep. And it's hot. (sizzles) as the piercing and the fire damage hits you. You are restrained. The bone devil's going to fly across and it's actually going to fly over Vax and land on the opposite side. Nope, it flies up high enough to be out of your range and then drops down, both claws arcing towards you with disadvantage. First one's going to be 22. Nice. 18. With the tail, it is 19. All three miss. Yeah, one of the eyes got blasted on the side. Part of the skull is broken and destroyed. At this point in time-- Two more devil characters come through. The portcullis rises as they pass through, and they go into a full run into this chamber. You see these red-skinned devil humanoids rush in with these long jagged spears. Horned crests on their head, and from where their chins are, there are these writhing tentacles covered in thorns and barbs that move and twist around. Full movement, with the double dash, that guy will get there, this guy will get about there. That's as far as they can get. Not fully up to anybody yet. All right, we have Utugash. Stands up in the flames and looks down at Taryon Darrington. You hear the voice echo in the center of your mind, "Good day, and good night!" It's going to make a full round of attacks on you. So that is 30 to hit. As he leans forward and takes a big chunk with his bite out of the front of your-- tries to get to the helmet and the jaw sticks under the chin. That's going to be 24 points of piercing damage. However, you are immune to poison so you don't have to worry about his poison right now thanks to your-- So, the helmet catches most of the brunt of it, and one of the teeth jabs you right underneath the jaw and you can feel it pierce and begin to bleed from underneath. As soon as he pulls back and shoves you aside and releases its grip, as its claw strikes out from its left arm. That is a 16 to hit. It rolled a two to hit. You just manage to duck out of the way. As you say, 'Haha!' the axe comes from the other side-- That is a 22 to hit. Double nines. That is 28 points of slashing damage. The flames that currently engulf the axe-- The axe has burst into flames. He swings with it, deals an additional 16 points of fire damage. 6d6. And using the momentum of the axe, the entire body of the pit fiend spins around the tail, whipping towards you. That is 20 to hit. As the tail swings past, that is 28 points of bludgeoning damage. The Inspiring Leader feat. Utugash stays there in the center of the flames, just waiting for people to come to him. You don't know, you can't see through the fire. That brings us to the top. Vax, you're up. The guy you're fighting? Yeah? Natural 20, plus ten, 30. Yeah, sorry. Time progressed as it was meant to. But good call! So, Vax. This way? It attacks with the tail. Still has disadvantage. 20. Just arcs and misses you as you zoom out. That hits. 58, nice! That was towards the bone devil? Right. That was with the Sneak Attack damage, because-- Vow of Enmity was on the pit fiend. You're right, it was. You're correct. All righty. Cool. That's your single attack? That ends your turn. Vex. You come through, step through-- As you do, Trinket zooms into the locket, leaving the cage to clank to the ground. Okay. That's your turn. Next turn, you can. Yup! Tary. Yes. You guys would all be taking Fear Aura checks, but you're immune to fear because of your Heroes' Feast. Just letting you know. You only get attacks of opportunity if you move away. If you stay within range, it doesn't-- Until-- You are stepping into the flames to do this. You can get right here on the edge and not be quite in the fire. Unfortunately, it does not work that way, Taryon. I am so sorry. It does fire, and I believe it's just a miss. It's a hit-or-miss-type circumstance. The ram head goes careening out of the wall of fire, slamming into the stone work and causing a big crack in the stone in the wall. The pit fiend says, "I will eat your face first." You're still hasted. The bonus action you have from Haste is for weapon attack only. Or you can try and run away. So he'll get an attack of opportunity on you. That ends Taryon's turn. That brings us to Keyleth's turn. There's one there right next to Grog, and one right next to Doty. So there, and there. Are you gonna move in to try and get them both in the same path? Sunbeam it is. Sure, roll a stealth check. So it's a constitution saving throw for both of the bearded devils. Okay, good to know. That is a ten-- -- and an 18. So, 6d8 radiant damage to both and they are both blinded. To both of them. Nice. As the beam (pssh) across the room it streaks down the way and both of them get engulfed. As the beam of bright sunlight energy slowly diminishes, their faces are seared. You see smoke pouring out of their eyes as they're both reaching up to the sockets. That was not so good for them. They're both looking pretty rough already. You don't see Tary. You just see a column of fire. Tary is currently inside the wall of fire, curled in a ball. All you see is a giant column of flame in the center of the room. And half of Doty being slowly heated up. You see Grog with a giant cage on his upper body, wrapping around his torso. You do see Tova, yeah. Hey, it helps. It all helps. Trust me, it helps. All right, Keyleth, are you going to stay where you are? All right, Keyleth stays there. Tova and Grog, you're up. Yes it is. Your Rite stays on until you dismiss it. I mean, they're pretty warm to touch. You know what? Actually, with your claws out, I would say they will do no damage to you because the cold will offset that. Okay. Yes. He's about 25 feet from you. You don't even know where he is. You know that he's inside the fire, but you don't see him. Because you're outside the flames, all you see is a wall of fire. You have to step into the fire, take the fire damage, grab him and pull him back. You'll still take the fire damage from the wall of fire, unfortunately. It's probably not going to work out. It's magical fire, I'm sorry. But the cage is nearby. You are closer to the cage than you are him. So if you want to grab the cage and move towards him you can do that. Is that what you want to do? You can. Go ahead and make a strength check. You have advantage because you are in your bear form. 14 is fine, that's enough. Sorry, this would be an athletics check to lift it, not strength, sorry. So you reach over and you grab it and the steam rises up the sides of the cage, and you lift it up over your head, and you're going to go and try to throw it over at this guy there? So as you lift the cage, go ahead and roll for just accuracy on this. Roll an attack, add your proficiency. What did you roll? Oh no. You throw the cage and it rolls into the center of the hallway there, blocking the doorway. Ah, those ones are the worst. You still have your movement and your bonus if you wanted to do-- You still have your Blood Maladict if you wanted to use any of it. You do. Grog, what are you doing? While she is figuring this out. All right, go ahead and make a strength skill check. Yes, you do. 27. As you tense, the metal actually (creaks) and bends out the sides and you just tear the cage off of the top of you. That's your action. Yep. You do. You have your bonus action if you're still raging, so. You just see a column of fire. You do, yeah. You do. You turn around, and he's right there. Currently with his eyes smoking from being seared with a Sunbeam. Okay, he's blinded, so you have advantage automatically. 30 points of damage? As you turn around and see him there, you go, "Hi," wham. He's going (hisses) and hears this "Hi" and his entire head collapses inward and you shove it down to about the height of the rest of his shoulders. He just (wet collapsing noises) to the ground, and just crumples. And then burns into ash and just cinders left behind. Destroyed. That's beautiful, is what it is. Ending Grog's turn, Percival, you're up. Oh, yeah, that's right! What're you going to do with your bonus? Correct, yeah. You currently do not have visual range on him, you can't see him. Does it say, for the curse, that you need to be able to see the creature? That's the question, let me look. So, yeah. So you just know where they are. So you can! Curse of Mutual Suffering does hit Utugash, are you going to amplify it, or not? Amplify it, or leave it as it is? Go ahead and roll your d8 and take d8 damage. All righty. (laughs) Come at me, bro? (laughter) Perfect. All righty. Percival, you're up. All righty. About there? Sure. Go for it and take your attacks. Vax, as you're looking across the room, you see the bone devil (hisses), and it rears back, and the wings span out, it looks like he's about to leap. And as it takes its jump, you watch its face explode forward with dark crimson, just, mist, as the head is blown off of its shoulders. There is one creature in here that you can barely see through the side. Red creatures on dark red. Sorry. 23 hits. Okay. Still standing, but it's looking rough. You have advantage on these attacks, by the way, because it's blinded. Yep. Go ahead and roll damage. So, after the cage goes flying over his head and clangs behind it, it spins around as it hears the impact, and turns back in the direction of Tova. Even though its eyes are currently held shut from the blinding light of the Sunbeam, it rears back with its hooked pull arm and is about to rush towards the torso of Tova, knowing and being able to sense where she is. Right as it rears back (gunshots), two shots, the second one knocking its head limply across the back of its shoulders, and it tumbles to the ground, unmoving. Is that the end of your turn, Percy? (laughs) Just getting away from everything! "Ah! Ah!" Okay, perfect. Okay, so. This is on Utugash's turn Utugash is going to strike with a bite against Taryon Darrington. Frustratingly, that's going to be-- oh, it has to make a wisdom save, doesn't it? For that first attack, that's a natural 20. Better that than for the attack! But after that, the first attack was a 18 to hit? All righty. As it chomps down onto your torso, this time, as opposed to going for the helmet, it goes for the side of the shoulder, its mouth is large enough to go over your shoulder and come in both the chest and the back of the shoulder as it sinks in. That is going to be 24 points of piercing damage. And you're immune to poison, so you don't take that. You're still standing? All righty. Right. As it's clamped down on you, it takes its claw and rakes across your stomach. It does, you're right! That is a ten plus ten, that is 20. Okay. The attack roll for that one was a 21. So for the claw raking across your torso, that is going to be 21 points of slashing damage. And with that, Taryon falls unconscious and bleeding on the ground. Utugash, after the claws tear across part of the plate armor swings open, and the claw rakes through the side of the torso, leaving the wounds open and bleeding out and steaming across the heavy heated stonework of the room. They do. They begin to pulse. At this point, Utugash is going to use his-- The wings take flight at this point, as nothing is immediately in the circle, and he's getting frustrated by this. The wings pick him up in the air. He's going to peek through the top of the form and look over, and he sees Tova and Keyleth, and is going to land, technically on your guys' spaces. This is part of his Corpulent Form ability. I need you both to make dexterity saving throws. All right. You both suffer 17 points of bludgeoning damage as Utugash's giant form lands on top of you. You are pinned to the ground. You are considered grappled and prone. As Utugash is currently now-- Yeah, well, takes the same 17 points of damage from the Mutual Suffering. So you're both prone and considered grappled. You cannot move until you get out of the grapple. Yeah, because he's basically sitting on top of you. I need you to make a concentration saving throw to maintain Sunbeam. You do. It's either ten or half of the damage, so you're fine. With you both pinned-- you, at immediate visual perspective, look the most vulnerable to Utugash, as you are a tiny half-elf girl, as far as he's concerned. He's going to use his next two attacks, the axe and the tail, with advantage against you because you are currently knocked prone. The axe is going to be a 32 to hit? 32 to hit. 25 points of slashing damage. So that's 23 points of slashing damage, plus 23 points of fire damage. So a total of 46. If you have it prepared, yeah. Which allows you to? So you take 11 points of fire damage instead. So, it does 34 points of damage total. No, you have beat half of the 34, which would be 17. So you have to beat a 17. Your constitution saving throw. Okay. Then that's fine, you succeed. And then the tail's going to slam down onto you as well, Keyleth. With advantage on that. 16. Natural 20. Natural 20. This is the tail. It's a nine, a ten, and a seven on 3d10, so that is-- 62 points of bludgeoning damage. Well, sorry, it's 20-- it was 52 points, because it was a ten, a nine, and a seven. So it would've been 26, just the dice, crit is 52, plus ten, 62. 62 points. Do you have a reaction to do? No, not really, you're just like, "Urgh!" You're being sat on by the pit fiend. I mean, you're holding it off, but his heavy hide against your pincushion-type nails is not going to do much unless you're physically attacking behind it. I know. And he's resistant to cold, sorry. Vax. Okay, go for it. Okay. 16 does not hit, no. 19 does not hit, either. Both angry strikes just hit the hide, but it's too strong, and the devilish scales deflecting the piercing blows. Okay. Vex, you're up. You can. It's also sitting, currently, on Tova and Keyleth. Keyleth is looking pretty banged up. Tova's looking pretty banged up, and your brother is hacking at it to no avail. Okay. Okay. As you back up, he does get a reaction attack of opportunity, because he has a reach. Yeah. As you back up, the tail, after smashing at Keyleth, goes (whoosh) and whips through the window towards you. That's going to be a 25 to hit. That is 21 points of bludgeoning damage against you. The tail almost sends you off your feet, almost knocking the wind out of you from the impact to your chest and stomach area. But you slide and catch yourself before tumbling backward. Nope, they are not threatening him currently. They have to be threatening them to be giving that bonus. (laughs) They are currently under his rump. The impact from the chest blow ends up, as you go to grab the arrow, you're already kind of a little off-aim from the the wooziness. 23 hits. All right, so. How much damage was that, total? Yeah. Okay, good. So, the second arrow does hit. And you're seeing now, Utugash, while looming over and seemingly impervious, at close view, as you get a glance backing up, is looking pretty hurt. Previously, as it's now your second time battling a pit fiend, you're able to see the faint cracks that you're beginning to notice generally show a lot more damage than they do on the surface. So you're starting to see signs of wear, which, based on your previous battle, leads you to believe it's actually pretty hurt. That ends your turn, Vax. And Vex. You can, yeah. Okay. Cool. That brings us to Taryon. I need you to roll a death saving throw. You can, technically. So that's one failed death saving throw on Tary. Yeah? It's a bonus action to disengage, yeah. Yeah. You'd already moved your Hunter's Mark, unfortunately, but going forward, you can do that. Now. Two imps that were previously invisible in the room and hitting the various buttons across the back wall at his command-- Appear and both fly down, swinging towards Keyleth, who's currently pinned underneath. And are just going to begin to start attempting to bite at her. Or, these are the stings, so with advantage, that is six plus five. That is 11. The first one, the stinger hits you, it just can't pierce the armor. The second one is going to go ahead, and with advantage, that is a 13. Just can't pierce the armor. Little imps, they're like-- (snarls) And Utugash is like, "Ugh, hungry "carrion wraiths." That brings us to Keyleth. Okay! Go ahead and roll your attack for your fire giant. Everyone else gets pushed out of the way. So yes. So, Tova and the imps get pushed aside as Keyleth's form suddenly encompasses most of the corner of the room. Natural 20. You grab Utugash by the throat. Grab the torso, lift him up, slam him onto the ground. Go ahead and roll just the basic damage for the fire elemental's attack. It doesn't knock him prone, but this is the flavor for the attack. Look for the attack for the fire giant. And underneath that, it says? Yeah, just roll the damage for the greatsword. The attack is the flavor of the strike. How much did you roll? 24. That was with the double? Plus seven. Yeah. So that is 55 points of damage. Well, it's not there yet. (groaning) It's fine. (laughter) Tova. Grog. It's looking really rough, by the way. All righty. All righty, so at half movement, that's five, ten, 15, 20. You can just get into combat range right there. Knocking Vax over and killing him. That hits. That hits. With the claws you do 2d8, and these are doubled because you did your mark. So, what did you roll? Yes. So, it's 13 and 11 for the actual weapon damage, for the claws. And then now, what did you roll for the first? Seven together. So that's 14? How do you want to do this? (cheering) So. Keyleth. In the impressive moment of slamming Utugash down, the grip you have on the throat is loosened suddenly as a secondary force pushes Utugash out of your grip. What looks to be a bowling ball of a fur-like bear form goes slamming into the torso of the devil, who then falls onto the back, as the bear just begins Wolverine berserker barraging, tearing through the chest and torso cavity of the devil. Drops the axe, and is trying to reach up and is clawing at your back and tearing through flesh. You can feel the blood, but you're too focused at this point, the frenzy kicking in from your transformation. And as you stare down and say that into his face, Utugash's tongue is lolling back across the tusks and says, "We'll still find you." And just goes limp across the ground. There are two imps in the chamber. But they both turn invisible as soon as this happens. And they're attempting to escape as the flame wall disappears, and you see Taryon bleeding out on the ground. Next to his superheated-- Okay. Yeah, you're close enough to do so. Okay. So how much do you give him? Ten. So you have ten hit points. And you come to consciousness. I will say, Keyleth? Because technically they were in melee range with you, since you pushed them out of the way, as they vanish you do get one attack of opportunity across them with disadvantage. Yes you are. With disadvantage. On just one of them. Because you only have one reaction. That still hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Don't roll damage. Because even if you rolled all ones, it's just enough to kill it, it has 13 hit points. So, as they both vanish, and you hear the flapping of wings, you just do one wide, Hail Mary arc with your fist, and just (whoosh) and (squeaking screech). One imp just gets spattered across the back of your knuckles. But the other you hear (wings flapping) fly off. Roll an attack! What's your AC? The lance ricochets off your chest. Okay. As you glance through the various openings, there're a bunch of cells. Some are empty, some contain long-dead, rotting corpses. The first room that you go into contains a fair amount of gold, and it's just stashed-- This small stash here is about 12,300 gold pieces. You also find your equipment. You find your maul and your armor. 12,300 gold. So you have that at your disposal now. As you're putting your armor on, you open the far door on this end, and as you do, suddenly bursting through is a lemure. (groans) Comes towards you with its horrible, fleshy mound just reaching out in your direction. Roll an intimidation check. If you want to. Yes. As you say "Run!", and you see the whole-- the lemure goes (curious grunt). It's actually just going to reach out and strike at you. Then the arrow strike comes right after. It misses. His hand slaps against the front of your armor and (slurping, groan), and then roll your attack. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. The arrow (impact noise) through its head, and it just immediately falls to the ground. The rest of the chambers here, you find most of it is a collection of rotting meats. You find various sulfurous chemicals, some that you can't really, by scent and texture, identify. Okay, we'll say that you have a handful of chemicals that you may be able to look into later. Five vials, specifically. Utugash? There's the axe that Utugash had, which is this very, very large black, metal heated axe. Even for your giant strength, you're like (grunts). He's a very rotund pit fiend, and the red scales, leathery blubber as it moves around-- there wasn't much that he was carrying on him. Most pit fiends, or at least devilish creatures of his stature, don't keep his belongings hidden anywhere on himself. They're visible. It's roughly twice the size of any axe you've held and is too large for you to use. LAURA AND Okay. Okay. It's referred to as a Black Iron Axe of Corruption. It's used primarily as a means of intimidating and scaring off lessers, and keeping subordinates in line. Both. It's a minor enchantment. The enchantment of it, you get the essence as you look at it, the power of it was part of the presence of the pit fiend, it was an inherent ability, so yeah. This is not considered a very powerful magical item. It was only powerful in the hands of a pit fiend. Yeah. (sizzles) No, but the heat of it just naturally being in the space, it steams as it goes in. You haven't heard the term. You weren't given a lot of information. Most of your presence once you were captured was just being dragged through hallways, tortured, chained up and then eventually purchased and brought here to be perpetually tortured by Utugash until these guys found you. And just gives you a big lick on the side of the face. No she's a dwarf. It's on par with what you ate before. Yeah, okay. Oh, so Grog, you're taking point? Okay. Grog, you enter this chamber, and it opens up into this candelabra area. As you pass this area, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Grog. 15. You take a few steps and then on one of the stone slabs beneath you, a glyph suddenly brightly shines with a strange, pinkish-orange glow, and then you guys watch as a column of somewhat translucent, ethereal energy shoots up, engulfing Grog. You suffer 21 points of psychic damage. This is another one of the boiling blood chambers you saw earlier. 30? Okay, as you scan the room, you do notice on the inside of each one of these pillars is another one of the similar platforms to the one that Grog triggered, and the one that he triggered here, there are about two, in width. Yeah, this whole area here, and this area, and there's one here, and one here, and all these can be triggered. No, but what you do notice-- Vax, you and Vex, and Keyleth, who have the highest passive perception-- you hear from the ceiling above you, what sounds like multiple entities landing on the roof. Not in the interior, no. From where you are right now? You've seen the different types. You've seen a couple that have been imps, you've seen a few that have been winged humanoid entities. You didn't see any of that, specifically. A hatch from the ceiling in this chamber in here kicks open and about a dozen entities come dropping in, some winged, others like spined similar bearded devils, some of them wearing the golden armor of the Whisperers you've seen throughout the city. It seems that the guard have been called to the assault on this stronghold. Okay. Trinket's in the necklace. What's everyone else doing? Sure. Yeah, okay. You turn into an imp. You don't create equipment, so you would be an imp. You'd have to put on gold armor. Yeah, so you'd just be an imp. Okay. So, you're remaining as Keyleth's half-elf form. All right! What's everyone else doing? It opened here. Grog was waiting over to the side. Grog, these entities landed near you, they just kinda (rumbles), about a dozen of them just swarm into the chamber near you. Vax, you're over here on the side as you're figuring out the traps in this area in the center. So they have been kind of behind you in this area. You join up with Grog here. Okay, we'll say for the purposes of the swarming of entities in this chamber. Are you guys all going to join? You're staying with Doty? All right. Percival. Okay. You need workshop materials to do it. Bone demons, an erinyes enters, bearded devils, cambions. A whole swarm comes in here. A chain devil lands. Okay. You turn into bone devil form. At this point, they swarm the room, they have their weapons ready, they see you guys standing there not making an aggressive maneuver. The two bone devils that land within the chamber, they seem to be wearing some sort of a sash that has a torn bottom portion of it and some sort of symbol that is holding it together over their shoulder. Looks around. "Do you resist or do you surrender?" "I will accept this as universal surrender." Puts his arms up and you watch as a number of these individuals begin pulling heavy chain manacles out from sacks and satchels. Two of them immediately charge up and begin shackling Grog, multiple layers of chain and manacles across your arms and legs. They shackle you up and begin to spread into the next room, coming to the rest of you guys. They charge in and begin just, throat manacle, to arms, to ankles, each with somewhat slack chains and has a specific lead chain attached to the center of the whole ensemble. They go from person to person, they throw them on you, though you angrily give in to it. Keyleth, as you approach, one of them turns to you and goes (speaks Infernal). Make a deception check. With disadvantage. Leans in real close to you. "Liar!" The wings (angry fluttering noise) behind it as it points its finger at you. A bunch of the devils begin to swarm in from the sides with the various polearms and jagged weapons pointed in your direction. "Reveal thyself." "Shackle her. Twice over!" Of everyone, you and Grog both get the Hannibal Lecter treatment. As you're standing there with your spear out, they all begin to swarm around you. Taryon? They don't seem to be paying any mind. They throw the manacles on you. They subdue you very quickly with a swift hit to the back of your shoulders, your sense of bravado is immediately crumbled. They throw you to the ground and chain you up. You are all then chained together and brought to your feet as one of the bone devils approaches. "You are found in the seeding stages "of usurpation of a trusted of Dispater and are sentenced to moral reassignment and delivery. You "are forfeit to Mentiri." Grabs the chains, tugs, and you guys all begin to be pulled out and then up through the hatch in this chamber, through multitudes of devilish arms. They are pulling you up through the ceiling. You glance over your shoulder and watch as a series of devils have now leapt onto Doty and are pulling him apart. And that's where we're going to take a break. Be back after a short break here. They're going to show a few ads and then the Signal Boost episode that Marisha just put out. We'll continue our story here in just a few minutes, guys. See you in a moment. Welcome back. Hopefully the audio's better for some folks. Thank you for being patient. We have a winner in the Wyrmwood contest we had in the chat room. AlchemistKiller wins this awesome set of zebra wood dice box, dice tray, and the dice roller. So congratulations to you, buddy. This'll be coming your way soon, signed by the cast of Critical Role. Now. Diving back into where we were, folks. You guys are yanked out onto the streets of the Iron City of Dis, pulled off of the roof of Utugash's personal stronghold and yanked across the heated cobblestones, having to keep, through what strength you have, standing, for fear of being dragged across the extremely hot floor. As you are brought through, people begin to gather up on the sides of the street. You begin to see other devils gathering towards the edges, and every ten minutes of walking, when there's a crowd gathered around, some of the devils will go ahead and crack one of you in the back of the knee and give off a showing of ownership and a general sense of cheer emerges with each person that gets smacked in the back of the head or thrust down. Percival, you get, at one point, hit along the side of the jaw and you feel the blood fill the side of your mouth, as you wish you could rub it with your hand, though the way the chains are pulling prevent you from raising your arm too high. You hear the hissing and the occasional rocks being thrown from the distance as you're pulled through. Vex and Vax, go ahead and roll perception checks, please. Okay. Vex, as this is happening and you watch Percival recoil from the impact, you glance with a bit of a sneer towards the crowd and you watch amongst all these various toothy, hissing devils, you see one familiar red-skinned man with long-ish dark hair, horns curled up, and as his eyes meet yours, he gives you a smile. And steps back with the crowd as it closes around him. Bits of filth are being chucked. Grog, one-- not quite sure what form of refuse this is, but it smears and drips down the side of your face, and gets stuck in your beard. (laughter) Make a dexterity check. 17. You catch it in your mouth. And it is filthy. You don't even know what it is. You regret the impulse immediately. This goes on for about 15 minutes as you guys are pulled through. You watch as nearby Whisperers begin to stop and perch on the edge of buildings to watch. You get the sense that what you guys have done has drawn some attention. As you reach the end of this 15-minute period, you're pulled down a large road and the buildings begin to grow a little thin in this area. You're brought to what looks to be a very, very heavy set of doors, this crimson gate that is humongous 20 feet by ten feet for each side of the gate, so 40 feet across. It leans at an angle, like a gargantuan cellar door that sits on its own in the center. As you begin to approach, you hear chains suddenly (metal scraping). The doors slowly open with a creaking noise as you're brought towards it. They open, and you can see inside it is lightless, it is dark. The two bone devils tugging further, and with each tug, the chains that connect you all choke and pull you forward. You nearly stumble again as you're brought over the stairway lip and down into this darkened chamber below. You are brought down a seemingly endless set of stairs, the darkness only occasionally broken by the passing faintly red-glowing sconce that passes by as you're brought down. You hear the various mutterings of various Infernal phrases being spoken, chuckled between the devils that speak in your vicinity. You then come to a leveling point. The stairs come to an end, the light opening up in this area; still dim, the reddish glow that occasionally gives you a glimpse of the interior. This, you can only imagine, would be what a prison in hell looks like. The metal and stone walls are warped and misshapen in places; they're almost buckling under the weight of the plane they're holding. You can see what looks to be stone arms that are either carved out of the walls or have been jammed into it as part of the decor. And you see giant metal hooks that occasionally eject out the side, some of them with the remains of some sort of prisoner or meat that has been left to slowly rot. More of those small devilish insects you encountered when you first arrived are gathering and feasting on these remnants. You begin to hear various echoes of screams from some distant place within this labyrinthine series of hallways that have bounced through enough walls to the point that it's this constant ringing gasp, occasionally mixed with this high-pitched whine. This wailing, and this sound of horrible torture. It's very familiar to you, Tova. You have no idea how long you were here before, but it seems endless in hindsight. It could have been days, weeks, months; you don't recall. The air itself is extremely hot, stagnant, and humid with sweat and has that subterranean putrescense to it. The idea that mold and suffering pervade the atmosphere. And, as you're carted through these hallways, you're turned right, left, forward past multiple intersections. More devils pass by. You see another erinyes step by with three other minions to her sides. She hisses as you walk past. You are brought past so many different pathways that it begins to all blend. You're trying to pay attention to remember which way you came, but sometimes the turns almost go so fast, it causes you to lose track of where you originally started. You get the essence that not only this is a massive prison, but it's designed to keep anyone from finding their way back out. You turn one corner as you hear a series of very high-intensity screams that cut through the relative din in the background, and as you turn you see three people two humans and one male half-elf that are naked and strung up by chains in front of what looks like a large forge. You see there a 12-foot-tall horned devil, his wings folded up over his shoulders, these giant crested horns off the front of his skull. Very Tim Curry Legends-style, who's currently heating this long brand in the forge as he's glaring at them. And as you all walk past, his eyes catch yours and he gives you a nod as he sears it in the body of the half-elf, who begins to quiver and scream against the chains. But he just gives you the rest of the head nod as you pass, cross the door, not seeing them any further. You hear, as you leave past the doorway, you hear a voice echo from the chamber you just passed, "I'll see you soon enough." You're brought down another twisting series of intersecting halls, the smell growing more and more rancid the further in you go. You see three chain devils wander past, these roving jailers dragging broken bodies behind them in manacles similar to yours. You see trails of blood streaking across that are slowly turning dry and thick with caked, drying blood, some bits turning to mist across the hot stonework of the interior of the prison. A twitch of one of the legs reveals that these bodies are still living, though by but an inch of their life. A few errant chains that drift and drag behind them creepily caress the arm and face of Taryon as you pass, just across your cheek. One of them scratches you with a hook at the tip. Your weapons have been gathered and they have been taken from you. You have your armor on you, still. Your helmet is not currently on you, that's been taken off. But your weapons have been taken from you because you can't hold your weapons in your chains. So, further still, you're finally brought within this 30 foot by 20 foot room, bisected by a series of thick metal bars that open into a cell. A single, towering chain devil sits within, larger than any you've encountered. The broad shoulders are almost as wide as Grog's, and the head is so deeply set within the neck that it almost gives a profile from shoulder to shoulder of a square. And it cross-- Nice. LAURA and The chains all begin to slacken as you enter and the arms reach out almost in a graceful invitation. You hear his horrible voice slither out from the mask of black metal that covers everything but his deep, red, burning, beady eyes. "Good. String them up." As the devil entourage that has pulled you through this prison brings you into the cell one by one, they take your manacles and latch them onto a thick, heavy, metal chain. As they pull, it pulls your arms up over your body and your leg manacles are attached to similar rings on the ground. One by one, you are all placed within this chamber, chained up, helpless. All the rest of the devils that brought you in here exit the cell and leave through the hallway, leaving the chain devil to do his duty. He approaches the bars as he closes the entranceway to the cell, so he's on the other side of the cell from all of you. You're just strung up in there and he's pressed up against the bars from the other side, his hands clutching as he stares across you, his eyes slowly scanning. As he moves his hands down the bars, the chains go limp and unfurl around parts of his arms and begin to snake and slither across the ground, a dozen of them or so slowly creeping like tendrils of living entities towards all of you as he says, "You seem "weary. Let's loosen your load." As the chains begin to snake their way up each of your bodies, Grog, you feel one come up your torso and under the gauntlets and begin to loosen the gauntlets on your arm underneath. Vex, you feel as one curls up, spirals around your leg and finds its way under your armor, and eventually finds the buckles in the back and begins to undo them. All of you find the chains are all beginning to move-- Beginning to infiltrate and remove the various bits of equipment you all came into this area on. A voice rings out from across the chamber in the darkness. It goes, "Krix! You are needed by "Overseer Shushot for prisoner enumeration and status!" At which point, the chains stop and the chain devil releases his fingers, tense against the bars. The chains begin to slack and pull back from your bodies and retract back into the chamber. You now see behind him, stepping in, a small green devil with long, knifelike ears, a series of long spines across his body, similar, though a thicker version, of the merchant that you saw earlier on your journey here, this one carrying the same sash that the bone devils that originally arrived had adorned on their chest. It does actually carry a satchel on one side. As the jailer pulls the chains back to his body, he snarls and turns back to this barbed devil, who winces and recoils as soon as the chain devil turns, already taking a submissive stance after making his announcement in the chamber. The chain devil, "I do despise such droll work." Turns back to all the rest of you, "I will return, "lovelies." The chains retract back into his body and he walks out of the chamber past the barbed devil, shoulder-checking it on the way through, slips to the side. As it leaves, you're all still there, chained up. The green devil waits, rubbing its shoulder. Comes forward, sheepishly, looking at all of you in silence, breathing heavily, rubbing its chin. Takes its satchel, and you can see it has this hefty satchel on the side that's filled with a series of side pockets and small openings, and it begins to pry them open and it begins to produce each one of your weapons, and is pulling them out quickly and throwing them into a pile on the outside of the bars. Pulls out your packs. The various things that were taken from you have all been put within this satchel and is quickly throwing them into a pile on the other side of the bars from all of you. Throws them all onto the ground. Finishes in this big mass. "There. Unspoiled. Unharmed. Now, to guide you." And the creature walks up to the bars, and clutches the sides staring at you. "You seek Hotis, yes?" "He is under the ceiling of Iskath, though Iskath is not in Mentiri this day. You must leave "this room, turn right, left, straight, straight, left, straight, then right. The iron door with the "fanged grin bears the mark. There lies your quarry. Now! My debt is paid! Goodbye." And the devil turns around and begins to run out of the chamber. Door with a fanged grin. We'll find out. We'll find out who got the right one. But the devil just leaves. LAURA and You're all still strung up. Your lockpick was taken with your equipment-- unless you were hiding one, you would have to specify. The necklace was not taken off you. It was just your satchels, equipment, and your armor. Trinket emerges. (sneezes) Thank you. Trinket goes over to the edge of the bars and leans into them and is marking a claw across the ground and it's about a good foot away from the equipment and you can see that smoke begin to rise Five experience to Sam Riegel. You can see that the fur is beginning to send off smoke smoke and burn against the bars as he's leaning against them. Reaches up and grabs the one around your ankle and tugs, and you see it begin to singe the outside of his tongue. And he's pulling. Make a strength check. 17. The chain on one of your ankles begins to bend. It's not quite-- doesn't fully break. But you can see that it's getting some headway. Make a strength check as well. 15? Okay. Between both Trinket and you pulling, you do manage to get one of the chains to (snapping sound), and you get one ankle free. Okay. Okay. They're about maybe three and a half feet from the edge of the bars. To your equipment, you mean? Sorry. There's no keys to the door. No, there's just a pile of-- So you Thorn Whip that over. You catch it. You rummage through the pouch that he usually keeps his equipment in. You find the lockpicks that Vax usually uses. Make an investigation check. You are, because you're strung up. You're rummaging through the bag, trying to find it, you're like, I know it's in here somewhere! Yeah, you eventually get both of your arms and ankles undone, you go up to your sister. She's still looking through the pouch. Roll for Vax-- for Vex. Make a strength check. You get her wrists undone. Grog just pulls his manacles off the ceiling. The chain (snapping sound). You break them off your wrists. No. It's across the way. Okay, so you go over and grab a spare from her pouch. You guys begin-- we'll say over the next five minutes or so-- getting everyone undone at this point. You pull-- you have the chains still dangling from your wrists, the manacles still attached to your Titanstone Gauntlets, but you're free. Hell chains. Well, you haven't picked up your equipment yet. You're going to try and pick the bars that lead into the next chamber? Okay, so go for it. Add your proficiency bonus and your dexterity. 27? You get partway into it, and you feel it's moving but it's a very, very difficult lock. Go for a roll. 27 again? You do so and the lock pick kind of breaks off inside. Go ahead and roll an attack. Yes. It's your strength modifier. Right. That's 18 to see if you hit, so go ahead and roll damage. For the purposes of this roll, roll 1d4 and add your strength modifier. Ten. Double that, because Siege, so it's 20. So, with your one-fist punch, between the damage you had done to the lock by messing with it, and the impact of your fist, the lock shatters, and the door squeaks open. You pull the equipment in, you get your rod, you get everything situated. Nope! Animal Shapes? You can only do beasts. And the creatures that you saw, the insects here, are technically very, very small fiends. You've seen rats, but they don't do well here because of the heat. You've seen bats before, you haven't seen bats that reside in this domain. That's true. I think so, yeah. Okay. This is concentration, so this will get rid of your Shapechange. You're not quite certain, but it's pushing close to an hour. All of you guys turn into bats, flapping. Yup. Essentially, you get-- Yeah. The equivalent of Darkvision. You know where you're going. All right, so a bat swarm suddenly emerges into the hallway, which immediately turns right and left. Which direction do you go? Okay, you turn right, and as you guys rush into the corner, you watch as the chain devil that originally arrived in the first chamber-- Right. It's about 15 feet up to the ceiling, and you guys come up. The chain devil walks beneath, and as you guys arc past him, he kind of stops and looks over and watches you all go past him and he keeps walking, looking very confused. All right. So you guys continue. Yes. So you go forward for about 60, 70 feet or so. You see a couple of small imps also fly past, and you guys kind of dart around, and they all look curiously at these bats that are swarming past them. You come to a T intersection now. You turned right. And then you turn left. All right. You all shift, following Vex's pathway, left. And as you go forward in that direction, you watch as another chain devil and two barbed devils, similar to the one that came in there and brought your equipment, are patrolling down the hall. As you guys are approaching, I want everyone to roll a stealth check. I assumed. Spell she cast she cast on everybody, so everyone gets plus ten dice. Okay. As you guys (fluttering noises) past, the barbed devils just keep walking forward. The chain devil stops and turns and looks over and sees you all. And turns and starts walking in your direction as you guys keep flying. You come to a gate that is closed. It's solid, there is a small opening with some bars that are about that far apart each. You guys as bats press through the gate, just as-- -- just as the chain devil runs up to try and grab at you as you guys charge through, his arms catching the gate, and you hear him start yelling, and suddenly you start hearing in the distance, behind where you were, sounds like rapid footprints, footfalls. Apparently, people are now aware that you have escaped your cell. So. You guys continue rushing forward. You guys come to another T section. You go straight on this one? All right. You go straight past. Beneath you, you can see there's another one of those blood pools that was in Utugash's chamber, and there are a couple of grates on each side. You can see the grates are corroded with the quick glances as you go past. As you continue straight forward, you hear more screams from the right and left side, the two hallways that you pass, just kind of (screaming) echoing past, and you just keep pushing forward as best as you can. You hear the gate in the distance open, so now you know, whoever was giving chase, they're now starting to pick up behind you. You come up to what looks to be a right and left. Make an investigation check. 18? You briefly glance forward as you guys sit here for a second, and you begin to hear the distant sound of various Infernal yells getting louder and louder. Something about the wall right in front of you doesn't look right. Vax just passes straight through. It's an illusory wall. (yelling) Yeah. Tova's so confused-- As you guys are flying, in this new chamber it is pitch black. Thankfully, your vision allows you as best to see. Tova, you start having the recurring memory of the fact that you're not sure where they're going, where they're taking you, but you still have people in this prison. You have no idea where they are and you have no idea where you are currently. You would if you weren't a bat. I know, I know. When you're in your normal form you would. As bats however, it's a little more rough. Let me check real fast just to be safe. Here we go. Let's say swarm of bats. That's basically what you guys are all together. Now, you have echolocation so you can, you know-- You have keen hearing but that's not going to help you tremendously in this circumstance. So yeah, there is a sinking feeling that right now, either you-- going with them, you might leave your friends behind. Just be aware. As you guys push forward into this dark chamber, it continues forward and then dips down into a series of stairs. Takes you to a secondary level below. As you guys follow this down for about 45 feet, it evens out again and opens up into another T-intersection. LAURA, All right. You guys go ahead and turn left. As you turn, right around the corner, there waiting, you see there is a single bone devil and three flying spined devils. These deep blue, dark green, imp-like devils with these giant spined wings and these long quills sticking out of their body as they carry these spears. And you all almost-- you encounter each other at once. The spined devils are up in your area and as you kind of flutter past there's no way they didn't see you. Okay. As this is happening, the bone devil stops and turns and the spine devils that get caught up in the area, two of them are going to instinctively swing at you guys as you move past. That is going to be-- there's the spined devil here. That is an eight. I think it does, actually. The worst possible-- A bat has an AC of 12. One hit point, each of you. The other one is going to swing. Same roll! Two sixes in a row. (cheering) So both of them miss as you guys continue pushing forward past these-- However, the full speed of a bat, if I remember-- Is it 30-foot speed? Correct. The spine devils are a little faster than you guys. And they're gaining on you. As you move past, they get their attack swings but you guys do double dash so they're behind you. And now they're all starting to slowly gain. As they're pushing forward and pushing forward, you come to another T-intersection. You go straight, okay. As you go straight forward, it kind of curves a little bit to the right and then continues forward. The spine devils are just starting to catch up to you guys and two of them go ahead and-- Let's see what attacks they have here. They're both going to fire tail spines at you. Their tail curves up behind and swings. And they fire these spines forward. There's three of them so one of them's going to be at Grog, one's going to be at Vax and one's going to be at Percy. Against Grog, that is a two plus four. These guys can't hit anything. Six. Just zooms past you. One towards Vax. That's cocked. Natural 20. (groaning) Even basic damage, both of your bat forms (boof) and you both fall about ten feet. Yeah, they both hit-- spines hit you. You both take-- Bat's AC, which is 12. So that's six-- So you take five points of damage, Vax, to your main form, and Percival, you take four points of damage to your main form. Oh, plus one point of fire damage and two points of fire damage. You still take one. All right, so the rest of you are bats. Both of you plummet, hit the ground, and the spine devils approach. So now, we have Vax and-- Vax and Percival are back this way, I'm going to say that these guys represent you as bats. We'll say that Taryon is one, Keyleth is two, Tova is three, Vex is four, and Grog is five. All right. So, we'll use these for spine devils for now. Well actually they're pretty small, so we'll use these. So these are the spine devils right here, and you see a bone devil coming up in the distance. So I need everyone to roll initiative. All right. So, that brings us to-- 25 to 20. Jesus, Percival. So, 30, 20. 25, nice. Okay, still good. 20 to 15? All right, 15 to ten. All right. Ten to five. Nice. So. Now in these forms, if it looks like it-- You do, but you attack as a bat. Yup. Percival. You just plummeted to the ground. Actually, both you and Vax from the fall, since you were 15 feet up, you both took two points of bludgeoning damage, and five points of bludgeoning damage, Vax. All right. It's a blood pit. Okay. All right, that ends Percy's turn. Tova. The magic keeps you-- Technically, you are not a dwarf. You are not a Blood Hunter. You lost the abilities of your class while you are currently a bat, so currently you just have bat capabilities. You could move and then hold your action if you were to change forms. It's up to you. Kind of what Percy did. All right, so you'll hang there. All right. Grog. Okay, so you'll just kind of stay over in this area. All right. So these three spine devils who just hit the other-- This one here is going to rush over to this side, is going to fire, this is going to be at Tova. It's going to fire its tail spine. That is an eight. I keep rolling sixes to hit. Misses, no effect. These two other spine devils here are going to-- There we go, they're going to come forward and do a multi-attack on Vax. Both of them are just going to pincer up this way. One with its bite, and one with its fork. Actually, technically it gets to use two tail spines. It's going to make a second strike at you, Tova. That is an 11, misses still. Bat AC is 12, so you're actually like (whoosh), you dodge out of the way. And that is a seven, and a 21. 21 hit you? It just? That's what I thought. So you take five points of piercing damage. All right, you take two points of piercing damage. The other one is going to attack you again twice as well. That's a four and an 11. Nope. Ending their turn now. The bone devil is going to catch up, flies in, its wings expanding forward, it's going to go ahead and make three attacks against you, Vax, since you're the closest one to it. That is ten, 20, and 20. Two twelves in a row. You just (whoosh), dodging out of the way, being crazy rogue, evading. That brings us now to Keyleth. Yeah, as an action, you can change your form, which is an action. Yeah. It says here, "On a subsequent action you can use your actions to transform affected "creatures into new forms." So yeah. I don't see why you couldn't. Who else is going to turn into bats? Okay. All right. And so you're just going to do that? It's your turn, you going to move? Okay. Is that your turn, Keyleth? Vex, your turn. You can't hold your movement, you can only hold an action. You can hold a dash action. You have your action as a bat. You can dash, still, if you want to. Disengage is an action. So you could. Anybody can disengage as an action, it's just a combat action. You just can't do anything else, the only thing you can do is move with your speed after that. All right, so you disengage. Okay, 30 feet. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. That's where you get. Which way is the right? You guys moved in this way? So, this way. Okay. So using your dash action-- All right, so that ends Vex's turn there. Taryon. And you are off the page, over that way. You can, yeah. All right, so that's-- That brings us to Percy. Five, ten, 30, and you also with a double move get to there. Okay. Next up is Tova. You just keep going? All right, so you catch up with these guys here way off the map. All righty. Grog. (gibberish) All righty. With that, the spine devils are going to move forward. That is Percy. Oh, I'm sorry. It's Keyleth. Yeah, because I have one-two, but you guys both transformed. Yep. So you get swarmed by three spined devils. Not in this form. Attacks against you. Yep, that's an 18. Keyleth, you take six points of slashing damage. Your bat form is gone, you drop that. You become Keyleth again and you take five points of damage carried over. Then it's going to get its tail attack against you. It's going to miss. The other one's going to bite. Miss. Tail attack is going to be a 17. What's your AC? So you take six points of piercing damage. The last one's going to get its last two attacks on you. That is a 21 and a natural one. So the last attack you get is four points of slashing damage. And I need you to go ahead and make three concentration checks. It's got to beat ten each time. Yes. Your constitution saving throw? That's enough. So you maintain concentration on the spell. The bone devil flies up and is now going after Keyleth with all of its might. Nope! You didn't have time. Three attacks. That is going to be an 18 for its claw. Second claw, that's a 27. And the sting is a 25. So all three hit you. So you take nine points of slashing damage. Concentration check. All right. That is 12 points of slashing damage. Keyleth falls unconscious. And the tail strikes you, auto crit. You lose two death saving throws. (yelling) All of you drop form. So four would be Vex. Aw man, where did my Vex model go? I think I may actually have left you on the other map. That's okay, I'll be fine for this one. I'll use the erinyes for you. That's fine. That's you. You're welcome. Percival, Vax, Taryon, Tova. End of their turn. Keyleth. It's your turn. You're next in the initiative order. Was it the intentional roll? What did you roll? Okay. Still bleeding out. Man, losing that Plane Shift. That would've been campaign over. Okay. Well, I don't know. I'm so nervous right now, oh my god. Okay. All right. SAM. Campaign resumes. You guys have a spreading urgency of the entire prison of Mentiri now bearing down on escaped mortal criminals. Without Plane Shift, if that doesn't work... You heal 27 points, Keyleth. Your movement. Whereabouts? I'll say, just instinctually, you pop him out about there. All right. Yeah. All right, Vax, it's your turn. All right. (gurgles) (laughter) You didn't realize until the last moment and was like, "Oh, if Keyleth goes down." It's been roughly an hour. A little over an hour. It has to be after an attack, yeah. So, Taryon. You're about-- with 30-foot movement you can get within range where you can see any of the creatures. Okay. You'll get there. Yeah. You have these three little spine devils that are like flying imps covered in spines that are relatively small, and you have one big bone devil-- that was the one that just almost killed Keyleth. At which one? That's the bone devil. All right. Dex save. That is a 14. What's your DC? So yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. 25 points of acid damage to the bone devil. So as the vial breaks across the front of its body, you can see the acid burn its flesh. It curls into itself; you can see the smoke rising off of it as its flesh is beginning to burn and melt away. Nice. That's your turn. Oh shit! Oh, Taryon. All right, Percy, you're up. Yep, you got them. The spine devils, you mean? Okay, so there's three spine devils and one bone devil. So two spine devils and one bone devil. Yes. Three spine devils and one bone devil. He's the dangerous-looking one. All right. Yeah, you hit. So 20 damage. He pushes back just that far, but he hits the wall. He can't get pushed back further. Still right there. He's already up against the wall. That hits. Roll damage. You scatter one of the spine devils with one shot. Blasts apart. Go for it. 29 hits. Okay. Still standing. All right. Hits. This is against the second spine devil, yeah. He scatters. These shots are (gunshots). Echoing through the hall. Everyone who is ever searching for anything knows exactly where to go now. Okay. Still standing, but looking rough. 24. Yep. The third spine devil's upper torso is disintegrated by the blast. Its wings flick off to its sides, spattering part of the bone devil. That was already three attacks. That was three more attacks. Yeah, you killed the second one, and then shot twice to kill a third one. So you're out of attacks. All righty. At this point, you guys can hear distant yelling getting louder and louder down the hallway where you came from. You hear the voices echoing and swarming, and people are starting to get closer, knowing where you are. Tova, you're up. There's just the one bone devil left. 45? You can get about there. You're about ten, 15 feet from him. Ten feet. Currently, it's Vax, the half-elf rogue guy. You could. Yeah, because you haven't had a short rest, so you don't have your blood curses back, yeah. Okay. So you're just going to hold your action just in case it comes near? Okay. Sounds good. Grog. 50 feet puts you standing over Keyleth, pretty much. You are in melee distance. You do have a point of exhaustion, by the way. 29 hits. 24 points of damage, all righty. Well, did you double the dice? Right, so you did the first one-- Okay, so the total was? 34. All righty. Great, so those are your two attacks. All right. That brings us to the bone devil's turn. Yeah, he's still alive. And seeing everybody rush in and help this wounded creature on the ground-- Okay. You sure? Two Mutual Suffering, and you did your Mark. It's all good. All right, so. It's going to go ahead-- actually, no, let me roll to see which way it goes. Okay, yeah, it's not that intelligent. So intelligence check, you being the immediate threat, it turns attention towards you as opposed to Keyleth, who's currently on the ground. As you're the biggest threat to it at the moment, it's going to go ahead and make three strikes at you. That is 16? 16? 17. Ah, finally. Eight, eight, nine. (laughs) All right. That is 16 points of piercing damage, and no poison because you are immune. All right. That ends its turn, and it's going to shift over, flying over onto this way, the coasting in the center there, and getting over Keyleth, getting closer to the blood pool-- Retaliation? Yes, you can. As a reaction, you can. Yeah, that hits. 24 points of damage. As it flies over you through the air, you arc in the direction with your hammer, and as you do, it breaks its entire ribcage inward. You hear the shattering of bones, and it gives out this wheeze as you follow through and slam it back down where it was standing. You guys hear voices now coming from the other sides, as well. Okay. There have been a handful, yeah. They've been the cambion, the guy you met earlier with the red skin who made the deal with Percival. The chain devil spoke Common. The chain devil did. All righty. As you pull the scroll out, and you watch the scroll burst into flame as you finish the incantation, you watch as out of the blood pool, rising, this chain devil, looking real, material, steps up and walks over to the bodies and sits there looking over them, waiting for someone to trigger. Okay, you start flower girling your way. Get this map out if we can? Okay, so you guys continue to the right. Thank you. And bring the last one in. You guys head down this hallway for about another hundred feet, hearing the shouts behind. You hear conversation, different languages happening. They're getting a little more distant. You're catching some ground here, and it's going well. Eventually you make your way-- You guys make your way down to the end of this chamber, and you see three different doors that are all closed off, to the front, to the right, and the left. As you're making your investigation check, you hear what sounds like the writhing of chains and the pulling of heavy metal grinding. As you begin to look and inspect the doors real fast, you glance up, and the entire ceiling is a sea of rolling chains, all gathering, and then from the ceiling bursts down in the center of the chamber-- (yelling) All right. Everyone roll initiative. It's almost 20 feet tall, and when it slams the ground, it's hunched forward. If it were standing upright, it would scrape the ceiling. A little bit under fire giant size, but you watch the chains from the ceiling are still attached to it. It's like the whole ceiling and upper portion of this chamber is made of chains that are feeding it. 25 to 20. 24. Tova. And what did you roll for your investigation check earlier? 22. This doorway, the first one you checked? Does not seem to have-- the symbol on it appears to be some sort of Infernal symbol that you don't recognize. All right. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? Taryon? All right. Vex, you're up first. Which one of these are you checking? Which one of these doors are you checking? Make an investigation check. 23. You go and look up, and this one has a symbol that looks like a half-moon that is broken and is bleeding into a pool below it. It's a crescent half-moon that looks like it's broken in the middle. This one and this one have been inspected. So that's your movement to get up there. And your action to look thoroughly and look at the symbol in the low light. You have a bonus still. You have nowhere to hide from. You have nothing obscuring. Not really. Okay. Trinket appears out of your necklace. Yeah, but you may have pulled him back in. It's fine. All right, I'll go with it. Hunter's Mark on the chain golem. Tova, your turn. Okay. Sure. Make a perception check as you're rushing in. With advantage. 23. The chambers seem to have various scents that kind of mix in this area. The one on the far end has this ancient, dusty, decay smell to it. The one on the opposite side of the chamber has a weirdly iron, rusty old metal scent, and the doorway that you're at right now has a very strong scent of sulfur. Make an investigation check. You knock the dust from the side, and as you inspect closely, hearing the chains grinding and spinning around you, and occasionally you duck because you see one kind of whip across and break part of the stone and cause chunks of it to fly off. You look down, and you see two small eyes and one deep, toothy grin. Well, as a note, just remember this, it took you a while to get there because the chains that were rolling around it are entangling and wrapping around the area, so you were at half movement, which got you just to there. I forgot to mention that earlier. However, the chains, in the process, are crushing and doing damage as you move through them. Six points of bludgeoning damage to you as you pull your way through the chains getting to that area. All right, that ends Tova's turn. It is now the chain golem's turn. Your action was to do the investigation. You have your bonus, if you have something to spend it with. Sure. And bear form. (sings) And bear form. There is your bear form. All righty. So ending Tova's turn, it is now the golem's turn. The golem has a ten-foot range on its slam. It's going to do two slam attacks. It's going to reach out and slam once at Percy, who is within its front range there after landing, and Keyleth, who's immediately to its left. A physical slam attack. A giant battering-ram of heavy, thick chains are going to punch out towards Percival. The fist swings, and almost merges with the rest of the body as a second arm forms where it was and then backfists into Keyleth. Like its form shifts with the chains that move around within its body, and its form is ever-changing and shifting, like a giant amoeba of moving metal. The first attack towards Percival. That is 27 to hit. All right. You suffer 22 points of bludgeoning damage. And against Keyleth, that is a 25 to hit. Keyleth, you take 21 points of bludgeoning damage. Actually, Sanctuary is on. Has to make a wisdom saving throw before it can do that. Which it fails! You take no damage. (cheering) So as it goes to strike you, the second fist appears and then seems to dwindle and fall to the ground, and it forms again in the spot where it was. You watch as multiple arms are now forming and coming out of it at different places. It's going to back up. As it does so, its eyes shift. These two red, beady points of light that form its eyes kind of shift to the back of its head, and now you see they're almost moving around, and it's keeping a visual range of everything in the room. No. It was not in your combat range. It had reach, unfortunately. That ends its turn. Keyleth, you're up. Everyone but Vex and Trinket are in a 30-foot radius. Yep, so 3d8 plus six. Go for it. Percy, you're up next. Six, so 23. 23 points of healing. So mark that in, guys. That's your action. Backing this way or this way? This way. If you move one more, he's going to get attack of opportunity on you because you're within melee range of him right now. You want to risk it? Or not? Okay. Okay, so you back up. It takes a swing at you with its chain slam. That is 26 to hit. You take-- 30 points of bludgeoning damage. TALIESIN and Sanctuary. Thank you for reminding me. That is a 14. What's your DC? 17? Yeah, spell DC. 17. It goes to swing again towards you as a reaction and the magic prevents it from actually hitting its mark and the chains retract back into its body. So no damage is sustained. That's true. All right, so instead-- No, that's good. It'll go to Tova and Vax for the two attacks that he got Sanctuary earlier. So to Vax, that is a 31. So you take the 30 points of damage instead. Against Tova that is a natural one. Natural one to hit you. So it actually slams into the door above. I'll make a strength check now. The door cracks and it partially gets pushed inward. Somehow the chain golem actually helped you out. That's interesting. All right. That ends its turn. Keyleth, you're up. No, sorry, that was Keyleth's turn. Percy, you're up. You are currently just out of its range. Oh, this way? It doesn't look like it's feeding it more than just the chains are keeping it attached to the walls. The mass of the chains are still in its chest. It has some sort of two glowing light sources within the mass of chains that form where its head would be-- You can try it. You're up next, Grog. 32 hits. Okay. It does not, actually, because it's not affected by that effect. Its eyes can shift throughout its body. Nope. Yeah. Even with its spell advantage against all those Sanctuary saves, it just doesn't have a very high wisdom so it just cannot make it. Two more. Go for it. Shot one. You have two more. Hits. Nice. 32, all righty. Last attack. 14? Okay. 14 does not hit. Sorry, thought that was the damage. Sorry. Yeah. All right. Keyleth, by the way, as you were moving through the chains-- I forgot to mention earlier, as the tangling chains around it. You did suffer five points of bludgeoning damage as the chains are just swirling around and the aura and the area of its vicinity just shreds like a slow-moving grinder. You're still in there. Grog, you're up. Right there. All right, go for it. Roll an attack. 23 hits. Just roll damage for your hammer. 25 damage? Becomes 50 because of siege. The door is absolutely sundered and comes off. Oh god. As the door blows open, you glance inside. You can see within the walls are covered in pulse-y, fleshy, muscle-like substance with these long stretched tendons and pieces of sinew that all gather to the center, and you see this shifting larval egg. And within, you can see a small humanoid figure that is swirling and writhing within. It seems like it's in this perpetual state of agony, screaming quietly within this weird fleshy egg sac and you can see the features of a tiger-like face and fangs writhing inside. Okay. As you step forward, the chain golem already used its reaction so it cannot. You just walk forward. Make an attack. Roll damage. (impact noise) It just (explosion) spattered across the ground. What was once shifting is now a fine red cream as the true form of Hotis, partially returned, is now scattered across the steaming pavement of the depths of the Mentiri prison. The devil is no more. You are free from the curse. (cheering) That was you. Because of the chains wrapping around you-- which, by the way, did five points of bludgeoning damage to you. It takes you half movement to move through that space so that's five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. So you can move two more squares. All right. That'll get you about there. And that's as far as you can get. The chains are tangling you up and preventing you from moving quickly. Ending Grog's turn. Taryon. Okay. So you step in next to her over the grate. As Tova vanishes in the moment, and is this slight ripple in the air. There is where you are. Tova's form vanishes. Invisibility lasts an hour. All righty. Vex. Okay. Ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35. That's as far as you can get, right there. Make a double dash? All right. 25, 30. That's as far as you get, and you take eight points of bludgeoning damage from the chains that are whipping around you and wrapping around your legs and tying you up as you're reaching forward. It's like this swamp of grinding metal. That ends your turn. Tova. You're invisible. If you do any attacks, you lose invisibility, so either you're going with them, or you're retreating into the prison for better or for worse. 35, 40. You get right up next to her, right there. She's light enough. You lift her up, and you make a dash action to bring her over for half speed. 15, 20. You get her just there, within range of Keyleth. You take five points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to half because you're in your bear form, so you take two points of bludgeoning damage. The golem's turn now. The golem is going to make a chain prison attack. Yes. It's going to-- let's see here. It's going to get Percy, Keyleth, and Taryon. I need you guys to all make dexterity saving throws. 20? That's exactly what you needed. Percy? Okay. 17. So everyone else, you guys both manage to break free. Percy, you are restrained. As the chains swirl up and wrap around your legs and torso and you find yourself bound in place. Keyleth, your turn. You're going to begin casting the spell and holding the release of it until? At the start of your turn, you take nine points of bludgeoning damage from the chains that are swirling around you. So 2nd-level Healing Word? 1st-level? So seven plus six. 13. You heal 13, and you begin casting Plane Shift. You pull out of your side satchel the tuning fork that you have attuned to where? Where are you going to be casting this towards? What location are you shifting towards, Keyleth, as you begin the spell? Focusing on Whitestone in Exandria, you begin to cast the incantation. You see the power in her hands begins to glow, but she's holding it back. She's concentrating hard. All right, ending your turn, Keyleth. Percival, what are you doing? All right. Go ahead and make a strength check. Strength check. 14. You can't break the chains. They're too strong. Yeah, because you get two now, at this level. Can't break free. The chains are holding you in place. Ending your turn. Grog, you're up. All right, at the start of your turn, Grog, you take seven points of bludgeoning damage from the swirling chains. Reduced to three. So that's five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. What's that? 50. You get right there. No, Taryon is right here. Everyone would need to shift one more in that direction, or someone can plug that hole. That's true. You can just barely, with the chains that are around you-- which by the way, Vax, you take eight points of bludgeoning damage. You can just get up to put the ring into Tova's hand, and that's as far as you can get. You can, actually. 25, 30. You're not quite there. Well, you dashed with your bonus. So yeah, you feel for her. That's your turn. All right, that brings us to Vex. Well, technically Taryon. Yeah. You can use your action to try and pull him over. Yeah. You do take seven points of bludgeoning damage from the chains. You pull him into the space. Everyone grabs hands. You see Tova's form appear briefly as she puts the ring on and then vanishes once more. You see the rest of them grab arms together. Keyleth, you finish the spell, Plane Shift. You can see the chain golem swelling as the chains are feeding it. It's growing larger in the chambers, its red eyes getting brighter and brighter. As you all clasp hands together, the light flashes a bright whitish-green. There's a high-pitched whine just as you hear devils rushing in from across the hallway. (whoosh) Silence. And that's where we'll pick up next week. (groaning) Holy shit. Thank you guys. Oh shit. Let's just hope Tova doesn't come across another pit fiend, because they can see through invisibility. There are devils that can see through invisibility. I'm sure you'll be fine. It'll be great. That was awesome, guys. It was fun. Guys, well done. Noelle, thank you so much for playing with us. Such a blast. Good sticking to the guns and staying behind. I was like, I don't know what she's going to do about this. Thinking you were going to find a way to find them. It's happened before. Our story ended up keeping Rothfuss here for three or four weeks in a row. It was supposed to be just a one-night thing. He got a killing blow on a boss, too. We've had two guests get killing blows on a boss. Yeah. That's true. You guys have got to pick up your slack. Thank you so much for coming and playing with us, Noelle. Yay. So guys, once again, you can check out Noelle. If you want to pimp your stuff real fast before you leave? Nimona!