Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight’s episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons and occasionally get shivved by a rakshasa. LAURA AND Occasionally. So! Before we go ahead and jump into the game tonight, let’s go ahead and do a couple quick announcements. First and foremost, returning again this week, our sponsor Loot Crate for bringing this episode to you guys. For those who are familiar with it, and most of you are at this point, but Loot Crate is a monthly subscription box service. They have awesome geek-related gear and merchandise and clothing, a lot of them exclusive to the box. You get $20 a month to get 6-8 items that include licensed gear, apparel, collectible, all that fun-ness, but you also get a $3 discount if you go ahead and sign up at lootcrate.com/criticalrole and enter the key phrase criticalrole - one word - into that new subscription code box. They also have a DX box, which is bigger, awesome for the super-collector out there. Which has a bunch (indistinct music in background) of really awesome exclusive content. Plays awesome music from Ashley’s phone. This month’s Dystopia boxes will be shipping out soon to those of you guys who subscribed, and Loot Crate will be announcing their next box tomorrow, 6/24. So look forward to that - Sam! Come on in, sir. You were on time and you’re still somehow late. It’s 700! It’s crazy. So yeah. The links are in the chat. Check it out if you’re interested in signing up for Loot Crate. We hope to make it a little bit cheaper for you. So, there. We got that. The Critical Role t-shirt design contest has been live for a while. It’s going to be ridiculous. I’m not looking forward to having to choose. But yeah, it closes June 24th, guys. This Friday at midnight. So go ahead and get them in; you got one more day for the most part, a little over a day to get those last entries in and we’ll announce those winners soon. Remember, you have to be 18 or older to enter, or you can have a guardian enter - The Critters choose the last one. We’re just all not in the room where it happens. Oh god, we’re those people. Sorry. Anyway, that ends tomorrow. You have to be 18 or older to enter, but you can have a guardian enter on your behalf if you’re a young artist. Fantastic news. Next up, our posters that we put up last week. Really excited about those, done by the awesome Joe Mad. Those are still on sale. We have one more week only for the exclusive cast-signed posters, and then two weeks for the pre-order for the regular poster. Go check it out at the Geek & Sundry shop if you’re interested. The artwork is amazing. Pretty sick, movie poster-sized. Mostly Sam, though. You can’t help but be so vibrant. (funny voice) I just spilled on my groin. I don’t know why I felt like saying that out loud. So those are the posters. Check them out at shop.geekandsundry.com/ collections/criticalrole. Starting tomorrow, we have the MDA stream. Geek & Sundry’s doing a fantastic 24-hour charity stream. They’ve partnered with Amy Poehler’s Smart Girls and Nerdist. There’s going to be a variety game-show, livestream, everything, benefiting the Muscular Dystrophy Association. You guys are welcome to come in at any time for as much of it as you can, check out the great programming we have set up for you guys. It starts tomorrow at 7pm. There will be no regular programming tomorrow because the crew is going to have to be setting up and preparing for this actual livestream, but starting at 7pm, it goes on for the next 24 hours. So look forward to us all being sleepless and crazy. We are going to be finishing out the charity drive Saturday evening, starting at 5pm PT here. I’m going to be running a one-shot Deadlands Savage Worlds game for a few of our cast who are going to be here for that, and I’m excited for that because it’s one of my favorite settings. It’s going to be great! The shirts are available now if you want to check them out. - charity shirts right there. All the proceeds go to MDA. We got that set up. Next up, we have tomorrow, we have the next issue, release would we call it, of Dear Vox Machina. However, it is not necessarily a member of Vox Machina. This is one that I put together that I think you guys should enjoy. What character could it possibly be? I guess you’ll just have to check in tomorrow to find out. But that’ll be on geekandsundry.com tomorrow, I think around noon? Maybe earlier. I’ll tweet it out. You’ll find out on Geek & Sundry’s Twitter page, but - You’ll have to check it out, you’ll have to come find out, but I had a lot of fun writing it. I got you covered. Trinket had you covered. So yeah, that’s coming up tomorrow. Check that out. We have a new Signal Boost host. Marisha, you want to take that? Yeah, what you got? Yeah. And last on my end as far as announcements go, there will be no Critical Role official episode next Thursday because me and Marisha will be in Australia at the Haven Expo, so all you Aussies that want to come see us then, we’ll be out there doing panels and talks and meeting a bunch of you guys. It’ll be a lot of fun. However, while we will not be here, there will still be other members of our fantastic group here that are able to be here next week to put on whatever you decide to, that’s up to you guys. Laura’s going to hula-hoop for three hours straight. You heard it here. Hold her to it. Hashtag flat on your back. The reverse plank? Yeah. All righty, then. Sorry about that. Without further ado, let’s go ahead and dive into this week’s episode of Critical Role. (spooky ethereal music) (heavy breathing) (roaring) (dramatic music) (gun firing) (dramatic music) (crackling flames) That's not sports. Not that I'd know. Anyway, let's go ahead and jump in this moment. As the rest of the party is sleeping soundly, I would like you, Vax'ildan - You're not sleeping? To read your book, you're right, you are totally right. Well, I'm going to have you roll initiative, if you don't mind. 16. All righty. I can only imagine. (all laugh) Sorry. I didn't mean for it to come off that way, it just - As the surprise round has faded, the Gilmore-like entity draws the blade out of your abdomen, snarls towards you, and the round begins with the initiative on the rakshasa. No, Vax is wearing a long silk robe - And that's it. Boots are a given. Everything else left behind. I'm just telling a story, yo. Speaking of stories - You’re reading your book. So as it draws the blade back, it goes in for a claw towards the face, Hold on to see if I hit you first. (chuckles) Because that is going to be a... The claw (whoosh). You duck underneath as it spins around with the dagger and hits you from the other side as you come up from that. You suffer 5 points of piercing damage as the dagger just barely (sssh) cuts across your face. You can feel the little line of blood begin to spill down your chin as you hear the growl under the breath again, "I will send you to a place you'll never return from." (growls) and is actually going to stay right there. You're up. Okay. All right. Go ahead and make an athletics check. 16 You attempt to grapple and as soon as your arms reach around the rakshasa, Hotis breaks away. Yes, it's a roll against a roll. 17. Sorry. That is an action to do so. Okay. All right. All right. Can I have all of you guys roll a perception check? You're awake. You hear it. All right. Many of you jostle awake at the sound of the shouting into your ear. You hear a few words come through in the middle of your consciousness. You hear “tower, west, jenga.” That's as much as you make out. The first word was enough to just shake you awake and you're not quite sure what that word was, but you hear “west tower, jenga,” and you get the gist of that. You, however, did hear the full phrase. As you look around you, Percy, Keyleth, and Pike. You aren't alone in your room. As climbing through the window, or in Percy's - - had come in through the hallway, you see - TALIESIN AND - cloaked individuals, blades drawn up in the air, about to come down onto your asleep forms, as you suddenly look up and see the figure there before you - - they look surprised to see you suddenly move. I need all of you guys to roll initiative to add to this initiative order. Everybody. (chuckle) Yeah. You just got that ability at level 14. So. 19. (all laugh) All righty. Well, as you all wake up, the initiative round finishes as the attempted assassins do get their round on the three of you guys. So there is the one that is up against Keyleth right now is going to make two short sword attacks on you. Yep. Well this is - as you guys wake up, you see them there, and they're finishing their combat round. So that's going to be a 19 to hit. That hits. Okay. You take 9 points of piercing damage and make a constitution saving throw. ASHLEY AND Okay. You take 12 points of poison damage. Mm-hm. Yep. The second strike is going to be another 19. Rolled 12 again. You take another 9 points of piercing damage, and I need you to make another constitution saving throw. You take another 12 points of poison damage. So, the one that's there before you, Percy, as you're just sitting up out of your bed. That's going to be an - oh, that's a natural 17. 24 to hit. It still hits you and and this is assuming also the fact that that you guys were sleeping and not in your full armor, either. That's 8 points of piercing damage to you. I need you to make a constitution saving throw You suffer 24 points of poison damage. As whereas you manage to shrug off the effects, Percy, you feel as the short sword strikes across your flesh the wound that's left open in the front of your long johns suddenly begins to burn and feels like it's singeing, white-hot fire, like an iron just out of the forge has been pressed into your chest. The second strike rolls a natural 2. It's going to be a 9. This time, you actually duck out of the bed as it slams down on the wood, cutting into the side of the bed frame, ending that guy's round. That's going to bring us to the one that is against you, Pike. So, Pike. First strike on you. That's going to be a 20 to hit. Though, not wearing your armor at this point in time. Your AC would be just 10 plus your dexterity modifier. 11. Yeah. You suffer 5 points of piercing damage and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. All right, yeah. So you take 12 points of poison damage and that is going to be 10, so that misses you. Yeah. So you take an additional 12 points of poison damage from the last strike. Correct. 17 total, and the second strike goes to hit you and you actually reach over, grab your shield which is sitting on the table by your bed and just (ping) knock the blade nearly out of his hand but deflecting the blow. That brings us to the top of the initiative round now. You guys are all conscious. Some of you are aware of the danger you're currently in. Percy you're up first. What are you doing? Of course you do. (laughs) Yes, you would, Percy. You do. Your room is right here. No, you do not have a window. Your room is on the inside You guys are on the second major floor of the castle. The west tower, as you know, is up this way. The staircase leads up and then spirals up to the west tower. You haven't - you've maybe explored there a few times. It's between 60 to 70 feet up. Percy would be pretty familiar with it. You guys may have gone there here and there. These two came in the windows, this one you're not sure, may have come in through other means or through another window. The one that's in Percy's room. Right. Yes. Currently, yes. Okay. Yeah, that'll hit. They're only wearing studded leather. And they're caught off guard at how suddenly everyone, or at least you, were suddenly conscious. He was so quiet, he was so quiet and yet you still got there before he could stab you. I believe - Yeah. That is going to be a 5 plus 0, none. No. So. how much damage is that total? (chuckles) All right. And pushes him how far back? (thwoosh) It pushes him out through the door. You guys hear this muffled (pshew) gunshot in the distance and this slamming sound of a heavy wooden door hitting stone. Percy, as you watch, as (boof) he's blown through the doorway, landing into the hallway on his back, and jumps back to his feet just in time with his blade still out in front of him. Okay. 13. As you aim this time and fire for a second time (pshew) he does see it coming and ducks out of the way as it just scoots under his hood, avoiding his head and leaving a hole in the fabric and then (kssh) taking a chunk out of the stone in the wall behind him. Okay. That'll do. Go ahead and roll damage. He rolls a 20 total. Yeah so it doesn't - it isn't affected by - It was sharpshooter, wasn't it? It's a +10? Gotcha. Okay. 7 points piercing damage on that. (pshew) While the first hit managed to miss his face, this one does (whoosh) scrape across his chin and cracks a bit of his cheekbone, but not too much of an impact on him to actually affect his eyesight. Okay. You guys, at this point, start hearing the distant echo of Percy's voice screaming in the distance. At the end of Percy's turn, that now brings us back to the rakshasa, which is narrowed down. Takes the dagger and as a bonus dips it back into the sheath, pulling it out with the liquid trailing off of it. It's going to go in and attempt to claw and strike. That's going to be a 23 with the claw. You take 10 points of slashing damage. And then the dagger is also going to be thrust back at you as it moves this way, getting between you and the door. That strike is going to be a 21 to hit. All right. This time with the dagger. That's going to be 4 plus... that's going to be... 7 points of piercing damage and then I need you to make a constitution saving throw. An additional 7 points of poison damage. You used Uncanny Dodge on this. That all gets reduced to just 7 total. So it would've been 14 total. You take it down to 7. Sorry. 7 points of piercing and 7 points of poison together would be 14. Your Uncanny Dodge brings it down to 7. So you just take 7 points of damage that round. All right. That will end Hotis's turn. That brings us to Scanlan. I mean, everything that you have would also include your armor, which you can't really put on right now. It would take you about a minute to put it on, as it is leather armor, but you can grab everything else if you wanted to. Or you could carry your armor awkwardly with you. Okay. (grabbing sound) You gather some things. Okay. (grabbing noises) Okay. All righty. All right. You would've walked through the castle at some point in the past. You grab your things. At the distance it is at that point and plus the fact that you have been there before, you concentrate, you remember a few nights you walked up there to look over the grounds because it's a beautiful view and it's close to where you guys usually stay here in the castle. (zoopf) You come out of the Dimension Door and looking before you, you can see Gilmore holding a dagger out to one side and Vax bleeding, holding and clutching the front of his abdomen, eyes darting around wildly, trying to think of some sort of plan for survival. So that's your action, that's most of your movement... Yeah, you're taking in the circumstances. The Gilmore looks over his shoulder and sneers at you. (hissing growl) Grog, you're up. (boof) There's nobody in the hallway. Hmm? Grog is sleeping in this side of the hallway. Around that way. About there if you want to take a dash. That's your movement and your dash, your action. You get to there as you come around and see a guy in full black cloak and some bullets (tssh) flying by, shattering the stonework behind. And then you see this humanoid character holding a short sword at his side, growling. He sees you looming down the hallway and his eyes go wide for a moment, unexpected to see this giant train of a muscled entity charging down. No, the dash is your action. You have a bonus, yes. All righty. Keyleth, you're up. Mm-hm. Like - like basically just stepped out of the window and you were immediately next to it, so the window is right to his left as he's staring down at you with a blade in the air. Yes. It looks like the window is easy enough for somebody to slip through. It's an open window. Make it quick. So you're going to move around him first? You're up against the wall. If you want to Thunderwave him, you'd have to get on the other side of him to knock him away from you. No, because you don't leave his combat. You dart off the edge of the bed, catching yourself on the ground, turn around the other side and (boof). What's the DC on that? (singsong) DC of Thunderwave. Vax, you're up next, prepare. And what's your spell DC? That is a 9 + 2, 11. That's not enough. How much damage does he take? All righty. 4 points of thunder damage. However, (boomf) it slams him back. His feet hit the edge of the the lip of the window. He goes flipping backwards out the side. He's going to attempt to reach out and grab it. That is a natural 2. (all cheer) As he's flung out the window. You don't even hear the landing, he's just out of the room now. You have a few more... 15 more feet you can run, if you want to. Okay, you throw the door open. Immediately out, you see Grog standing in the hallway clutching the axe, kind of sleepy-eyed, but filled with hatred and intent to kill, while grinning in the center of the hallway. Okay, after Keyleth's turn, that brings us to Vax. Scanlan is 10 feet from you. Okay. All right. Go ahead and make... go ahead and make an attack roll - or no, for this one, let’s make an athletics check to try. It’s essentially a type of grapple. 16. Okay, you reach out and manage to grab the Gilmore’s wrist, holding the dagger. His arm goes up and starts clawing these fingernails, these currently not-even-visible fingernails that all of a sudden turn into these large hooks that start tearing into your skin. Go ahead and make a strength check to see if you can wrestle the blade from his grasp. This would be the next action, yeah. Since you don’t have any disarm-based abilities, this is a more involved - No no no, this - This is all athletics. Yeah, 15? You still have the grip on him, but unfortunately his fingers are too tight on the blade and you can’t quite pull it out. Okay, you can drag him at half-speed - Hasted. (fwwsh) (all shout) Yep. (whoosh whoosh boomf) You hear two impacts. Both you and Hotis... 36 points of damage as you both (boomf) hit the bottom, this stone surface, essentially the ceiling and the beginnings of the entire castle here on the top, both prone on the ground, dazed from the impact. All righty. Ending your turn, that brings us to the assassins. So - No, you guys go after them because that was how the initiative order happened. Him yelling and waking you guys up avoided them getting an auto-crit on their first attack. So be happy that at least you woke up for the last round. Happy. So that’s two strikes against you, Pike, and then this one here looks over the shoulder and sees you, Grog, and is going to start darting this way... and currently is out of sight. Yep. Most likely, yeah. That’ll be a 22. You take 7 points of piercing damage, and roll another constitution saving throw. Yep. And roll a constitution saving throw when you can. The second strike, this time, you slam his hand with the shield and you can see he actually drops the blade and has to rush over to pick it up. 13. You suffer 24 points of poison damage as the first strike this time cuts you right across the clavicle and down to the front of your chest, and it’s just, that sharp burning pain for a second and as you knock the other hit away, all of a sudden you feel the (oomf oomf). Your ears fill with bright, burning-hot warmth and all of sudden the pain from your wound begins to pulse with every heartbeat as the poison hits your system. And he’s going to move this way to start getting between you and the doorway. That’s going to end their turns. Vex, you’re up. Trinket’s going into a full - we’ll say he can do a full dash. He’s gotten that far up the hallway. He doesn’t see anybody yet. You grab your stuff. All right. That’ll be an action to get all of your things together. Your quiver, your arrows… The broom. Nope. That’s as far as you get, there. Cool. That ends Vex’s turn. Pike, you’re up. Okay. The wound across your chest with the pulsing poison, suddenly the area that was once dark begins to light up as the holy symbol that forever hangs around your neck begins to glow with vibrant divine energy, this whitish-yellow pulse of light. The assassin, standing there grinning, seeing that he’s getting the upper hand, all of a sudden realizes that you aren’t as disarmed as he thought you were. Go ahead and roll for the attack on this. That’ll hit. Go ahead and roll damage on that. What level were you casting it at? Usually you decide that before you roll the attack, but yeah. I assumed you were. That’s fine. Let me look it up for you. Guiding Bolt is 4d6 - - and then it would be an additional 3d6 for 7d6 radiant damage against him. 27 points, nice. You see his eyes widen as suddenly you blast him in the face with this Guiding Bolt. The impact just (boof) bursting across him, leaving this trail of divine fire that’s burning around the seams of his leather armor. He’s trying to pat it out, but it won’t go out. While it’s not burning him, it’s lighting him up like a Christmas tree, and Grog, you see - from underneath Pike’s door, you see a little bit of a bright divine glow flash out from under the door and you hear a couple thumps against the wood from inside the room. This is Vex’s room, Keyleth’s, Pike’s, Percy - Yeah. Scanlan’s and Grog’s and Vax’s were over here. You can try to, yeah. Okay, all your stuff would be - You have your shield already that you pulled off the side. You can grab maybe one weapon and go. You’re not going to get armor, though. So you grab your mace, all right. Shield, mace, holy symbol - Nothing else. Yeah, your gauntlets are on. We’ll say the gauntlets were there, you slip them on real fast. As he’s pulled back and trying to pat out the flames, you grab your things and rush through. He does get an attack of opportunity on you as you run out of his combat range, so he’s going to swing at you. That does hit. With your shield, what’s your AC? It would be 11-13, so yeah, it still hits. So you take 5 points of piercing damage. I need you to roll another constitution saving throw. You take another 24 of poison damage. Assassins, man. All righty. Naked with a mace and shield, glowing holy symbol, and just gash across her chest, blood pouring from the wound. Sweat on her brow, one eye’s half-closed. Ending Pike’s turn. Percy, you’re up. Amulet, you would probably - you don’t need to take that off to sleep, so I’ll let you have that. This way. You don’t see anyone, you just see Pike burst out of her room suddenly, bloodied. You now have a view of a guy beaming with divine light, trying to pat out divine flames after swinging and getting a nice heavy wound on Pike, who looks like she’s barely standing. This is the end of your movement. So you have a fourth shot. Okay. Regular shot? Sharpshooter, okay. You have advantage on this shot, by the way, because of the Guiding Bolt that she did to him. Yeah, because the divine fire that’s surrounding him is lighting him up like a giant birthday candle. That’ll hit. (gunshot sound) The Guiding Bolt flares off. The impact hits him and sends him on his back foot. He looks over and sees the smoke pouring out of the barrel as you’re aiming down for another shot. You reload real fast. Go for it. No, that was just the first one. Just wanted to check. The dungeon master will remember this. No, it’s fine. So go ahead and roll damage. Sharpshooter as well? 24 points of damage... (gunshot) The second shot. You reload, fire again. This time this one hits him right square in what looks like the side of his jaw, shattered his cheekbone and his jaw and there’s now blood and teeth pouring out and he’s clutching the side of it, shaking his head. He’s in a really bad place right now and is looking over the back window, realizing he’s probably going to - That hits. With that, as he’s turning around, about to dart towards the window, as he spins around in his space, you take aim a second, or now a third time on him, fire... You watch. It’s obscured to see; all you see is the moonlight from the outside sky coming through and the silhouette of his head, and now the missing silhouette of his head - as you scatter the top half of his skull across the stone surrounding the window in Pike’s room. Okay. Good to know. All right. Ending Percy’s turn, you’re currently on the ground now, you’re both prone. Hotis stands up, using half of his movement, looks down at you, "You’re clever." Which, for the record, the illusion has faded. The Gilmore visage is no more. Now you see before you the angry, curled bare-teeth face of the familiar rakshasa. "The feeling’s mutual." As you are currently prone on the ground, it has advantage on you. It's going to go ahead and... make two strikes with the dagger against you. With advantage, yeah, that’ll be 25? Correct. Right. So the first one hits. 10 points of piercing damage. He’s going to dip the blade, remembering that he forgot that after the first strike. Then with the second strike he’s going to stab down once more. Yeah. That’s going to be a 21. You suffer 11 points of piercing damage. Plus 10 points of poison damage. Unconscious. So as you get up, he just stabs and stabs again, and this time as your finger’s extended the pain hits you and you just watch your vision fade to darkness. That’s the end of his turn. He has no more attacks, so he just watches you go limp. All right. Well, Scanlan, you’re up first. Yeah, you look over the ledge, down about 70 feet, 80 feet on the stonework, you see and watch as the rakshasa, now fully visible, Gilmore visage gone, jams the blade twice into the currently laid-out back of Vax, as the back's body goes limp, unconscious. Drawing the blade, chuckling, throwing it up in the air, catching it, and is preparing to go down for some finishing blows. Only about 60 feet, yeah. Okay. So you leap, (shhh) - I’ll say for the purposes of this action, you will have advantage on the strike, as - Right, but that doesn’t affect your actual attack roll. That’s more your ability check. Actually, you should have had disadvantage earlier for that. Oh, you did? Okay, good. It should be written on your attack. It would be your proficiency bonus plus your - Yeah, so. 23 definitely hits. Go ahead and roll your d8 plus damage. 17? I’m adding to that attack half of the damage you take from the fall. Because of the force of yourself and the blade. So the damage you take from the fall... 29 points of damage you suffer, slamming into the ground and falling prone from the attack. But he does suffer an additional 14 points of damage as the blade (sssh) just sinks into the shoulder and the torso and he tenses in pain as the blade is still jammed into his form. You let go of it as you slam into the ground and he draws it out with a spurt of blood and throws it to the ground angrily, spinning around towards you, still holding the dagger aloft, looking over. You do, technically, yeah. So you come back to consciousness face-down on the ground, scattered out on the stonework and the last thing, as your eyes come open, you hear the gentle tunes of Scanlan’s voice calling you back from the darkness. You glance out the corner of your eye and see that Hotis is still standing with the dagger up on top. No, your turn’s not yet. We have Grog, Keyleth, and then you. They actually got initiative higher than you, so. We’re coming to you, don’t worry. So your turn hasn’t happened yet. All righty. Good. All right, that brings us to... Grog, you’re up. Roll an intelligence check. 16. It takes you a moment, and you have to bite your tongue for a moment as you’re running down the hallway, but you ascertain that probably means... It’s a tower, Probably jumped off the tower! Well, he had the potion on the ground. The courtyard would be over here, actually. This is no longer really part of the deal, so in relation to where you guys are, they’re about here. All of the rooms that have windows are the ones on that side, so currently the only way to get here would be to travel back where you came from and find an exit out to the top of the - These stairs go to the west tower, yes. All right. You can still move, though, if you want to. What action are you holding? Well, no, I mean, the movement gets used in your turn regardless. You just choose what action you want to hold as a trigger, so if something’s going to happen, you would then use whatever your action is. Your movement you have to use now, or it’s lost. Your impulse hit now and if you decide not to move, then the impulse loses the movement, so. Okay. That ends Grog’s turn. You’re up. Okay. All right. (boof) As you tear this wall open there - - it opens up before you and you can see a little bit of it gets pushed to the side, because it’s a little bit elevated from the the roof area, but you force it upward to where it bursts open and creates a slight ramp that leads up to what would be the roof of this part of Whitestone Castle. You can, yes. All right. All right. You still have a little bit of movement if you want to use it. Okay. There you go. Okay, got you. So it’d be there, probably, far as you can get. All right, cool. That brings us to Vax. Your turn. You didn’t say you were holding an action for anything. I’ll let you do it. You’re generally not supposed to do - Say you hold a dash. You could do that, yeah. Okay. So yeah, then you just go ahead and - So as Keyleth opens the window, you dash up and rush onto the rooftop, and there you can see across the way... As part of an action, you can pick it - All right. Just as a note, the way that the bonus attack works - well, this is with your haste ability. The haste would’ve faded once you went unconscious. Well, you have an action, and then you have your offhand strike. Offhand strike works as part of the attack action. If you use your action for anything else, you don’t get the bonus attack. It’s part of an action. Don’t worry about it. It’s fine, let’s do it. No, the idea would be, you don’t get a free bonus attack with any other action. It’s whatever you’re attacking, you then get to throw this in this way. Okay, that’s fine. We’ll do that. As part of the action economy, the idea is that because you’re attacking with one, you can give yourself an opening to get a quick strike with the other. Yes. No. Technically, he’s not flanked because the other ally is prone and is not currently threatening his face - Okay. All right, there you go. That brings us to... At this point, waiting around this way. As you guys are all distracted at this point, turns around, takes a dagger. This is all, like, 3 a.m. at Whitestone Castle right now. That being the case, the guard makes two dagger attacks. One at you, Percy, and one at you, Pike. That’s natural 20 against you, Percy. Yes. No, it’s okay. He rolled a 1. So you take 6 points of piercing damage. That would be 18 against you, Pike? That does hit you. You take 4 points of piercing damage. 1d10, actually. Because he hit you first - - it’s sneak attack on top of that. He was hidden. So that was 6, plus... 34 points of piercing damage, all together. Okay. All righty. That finishes their turn. Vex, you’re up. Yes. Okay. From this perspective? No. If you run out the door... is this all on the broom? You’d be able to from - Yeah, so from up there as you (shhh) shoot out above, looking down, you can see where they lie on the battlefield there. Go for it. All righty. 31? Hits. That does hit. Okay. Just as a note, what’s your alignment? Okay, cool, just checking. All right, so go ahead and roll damage. As a note, your rage would have faded because you had gotten no damage, but you also could have used your bonus action last turn for your rage. That's what I figured. All righty. All righty. Nice. You rush up in the air, and these were with disadvantage on all the attack rolls because you’re on your broom? Roll three more dice and we’ll see if I negate any of these. First one is? First attack, nope, and I need you to roll a dexterity check. Okay, so you stay on the broom, you don’t fall off. Roll - Okay. Roll again for the third one. Okay, so the last two still hit. No, you stayed on. You’re fine. You do, because that was the first one. All right. Go ahead and roll. No. What are you going to use it for? Okay. You watch as your mark... has no effect. You’ve never actually fought one before, Laura. You try and focus your intent on attacking him and yet it doesn’t seem to find its form. That does hit. Roll the last attack. Pike, you’re up next. Nope. So you pull - B-b-b! All right. That finishes your turn. Pike, you’re up. Go for it. What level? (laughs) 5th. Go for it. So 5d8. ASHLEY AND Yeah, 5d8 + 5. You heal yourself 21 points. What else you doing now? You can get about there. Okay, so you run around to that area there. Okay. You don’t know where the rakshasa is. You have no idea, no visual cue. You just see a hole in the stone wall that everyone’s rushing through and that’s the most that you know. Yep, you can do that. Okay. Yes, that’ll bring you to 15. So you have that on your concentration. Good call. Percy, you’re up. No, he ducked around the corner and Trinket gave chase. This corner? Come around the corner that way and you see Trinket harrying the guy. Go for it. Hits. Hoo. (gunshot) Giant blast as one of his shoulders is blown back. You see a spatter of blood across the stairs behind him and he almost stumbles back into the stairs. Trinket’s using this position to move even closer and snarl. He’s feeling closed off. Go for it. Hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All righty. (tssh) This one actually hits him right above the pectoral muscle and blows him back, now almost leaning against the stairs, these two big wounds right in the middle of his chest. 24? All right, that hits. Yeah, with this one, as you pull back, final shot, you fire and it (fwoomp), right through the forehead. Eyes roll back as Trinket lunges and tears the throat out. That’s as far as you make it, full movement. You only saw two. All right. That ends your turn, Percy. All right. Everyone rushes in, the rakshasa glares around. All righty. All right. So. So. Hotis, first, is going to... reach back and pull out - no actually, no. Hotis is going to look up at the creature that just flew in on the broom. Looks at you and says, "You’ll do." - you feel a presence begin to push into your head. I need you to roll a wisdom saving throw. Wisdom. 21, all right. You resist the effect. Yeah, he’s going to get quite a way aways from you guys. I’d say because you’re prone, you do get one attack of opportunity on him - no, you dropped the blade. The blade is not at your feet, so you can punch him if you want as he runs by. From prone. I’ll let it happen, sure. 5 feet of you. I’ll let you do it. What do you want to do? No, it’s not against the rules. It's a weird in-between. You’re on the ground after falling from the top. Yeah, but you see him running away and you can still cast from the ground, so go for it. What do you want to cast? Okay, so you create Bigby’s Hand. And what level is Bigby’s Hand? Bigby’s Hand (whoosh) appears and rushes out, and the fingers pass through the rakshasa. It has no effect. It twice more tries to reach out, And the rakshasa shrugs it off like it’s nothing. Correct. One could only conjecture. Perfect. All right, that’s going to end his turn. Currently? He’s about... 40 feet from you? You can get up. You’re still prone on the ground. Okay. As he looks back at you as you’re singing out loud and chuckles to himself - - as it has no effect. It was a very good song. You have two more squares, if you want. Yep. Up to level 2. So 2d4 + 5. Just 5. It’s better than nothing. Better than nothing. All righty. That ends Scanlan’s turn. Grog, you’re up. Yeah. You’ve gotten up and you can see them all there. Whatever this creature is, is now in the distance, trying to run back. Okay, (landing thud) you leap and it’s a very small step down (footstep) 50. That’s as far as you can get. About 20 feet from you, yeah. I’ll say yeah. You, being Grog, for the most part, you don’t take your equipment too far from you because you’ve been in uncomfortable situations. Right. Fair enough. You would have the chain on you, still. You attach it, swish it, and throw the axe. Go ahead. Okay. 17. 17 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Nice! (throwing sounds) The axe slams into the tiger creature’s chest. "(growls, breathes heavily) I’ll come back for all of you!" Do you want to pull the blade back? All right. It’s on the ground next to him, it’s not jammed into him - Yeah, it’s not hard to pull back. Go ahead and roll your athletics check. You’re raging, so you have advantage. Athletics. You pull it back (vwoof) and it streaks past you (shhh), scatters across the ground in the other direction. You haven’t quite picked it up yet; you’re going to have to try again. Yep. 15? Then as you (shhh) pull it back - No, not this day, Blood Axe. You’re mine. (all laugh) About there. Eyeballing it right now, from best you can tell, he’s about 60-70 feet from you. A semi-circle and wall you guys in? All righty. So like around there? How long can you make the wall? Vax, you’re on deck by the way. I will pull this up. Okay, 6-inch thick, composed of 10 foot by 10 foot panels - We’ll say that that’s fine. You do a 3-inch wall there, 10 feet high? All righty. Grasping Vine is a 4th-level spell. You can’t do it as a bonus action the same turn you did another spell. Okay. You’re about 25-30 feet. You may. And it’s your turn, Vax. All righty. Okay, dash. (swoosh) You’ll get right there. Unless you want to hold back - Go for it. He is grappled. Okay. Good to know. This assassin is done - no turns for them. He is being slowly torn apart by Trinket against the stairs. Vex, you’re up. All righty. Go for it. That hits. 21 damage. All righty. You do. Roll for the next attack. That hits, yeah. All righty... No, it’s all good. All righty, so (whoosh whoosh) both arrows slam (sound of flame catching) burst of flame - "(growls)" All right. Pike, you’re up. The hole in the wall you mean? Okay, this actually is a climb up. This isn’t a window. This is an opening in the wall that Keyleth made with Stone Shape. You’re actually stepping up. So you get up, and the farthest you can get this turn, unless you want to go full movement - you’ll not be able to make it all the way up the ramp and still do something, so… You can, actually. Yes, you can. Okay, so you come out onto the roof and you jump down about 5 feet, and you’re on the roof, now, the moonlight coming down, a somewhat clouded, spotted sky. In the distance, you see everyone rushing towards some sort of entity that’s walled in by a stone wall. He’s currently up in the face of Vax. You still have your action right now. You do, actually. Oh, it’s coming, don’t worry. And with that, we’re putting box music up. (all chuckle) We’ve got a boombox right here - LAURA, MARISHA, AND I don’t know why - input’s functional, but we’ll just make up the music as we go. So, at a 7th-level Flame Strike. That’ll be putting... 10d6 damage. Going to attempt a saving throw. That’s a natural 1, but does have advantage on saving throws against spells. It’s coming, isn’t it? What’s the DC of your spell? That’ll be an 18. Yeah, it does save, so it takes half damage. Go ahead and roll 10d6. So, 45 halved is 22 points of fire and bludgeoning damage. So how do you want to do this? How do you want to do this? Burst him like a foof. So, as you turn the corner, seeing all your friends charging toward this creature, knowing the fear that you heard in Vax’s voice earlier, the burning rage of vengeance - - burns beneath your skin - - your mostly exposed skin. You grab your holy symbol, drop the shield, and bring your arm up like this. As you do, the rakshasa before you all of a sudden goes like (grunts) - You see the skin cracking - - these breaks to his exterior, these strange, glowing, internal cracks on his body. "(hissing, raspy breaths) I will return!" (explosion sound) And he detonates with a column of fire that comes bursting out of the ground from the body. You can see the shattering, burned bits of rakshasa flesh go flying across the entire exterior of the castle as this column, 20, 30, 40 feet up, streaks up out of the top of the castle, lighting up the vicinity of Whitestone. And as it slowly subsides, there is nothing but a pile of ash left where Hotis was. (cheers) Which, at this point, guards start coming up from below - Well, portions of it are brown now, due to the blood that has seeped into it from the various stab wounds that he’s suffered. As you attempt to take the robe off, you feel like the strength is sapped from your body and you’re like (raspy groan). And the more you try to pull it off, the more and more you start to feel like it’s pulling the breath out of your lungs. Yeah, make a perception check - You see guards scattered around the castle. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add 6 for your wisdom. Add 6 to the roll from your wisdom. 14. As you cast Dispel Magic and start pulling the robe back, you feel like someone’s pulling the skin off your body. You suffer 12 points of damage as it feels like someone’s peeling the flesh off your body. SAM AND No. Burned, tiny chunks and ash. It was a full - it was - We’re talking end-of-Matrix-style Agent Smith scattering. Okay. So you take Vax and Vex down towards the ziggurat. Okay. You’re with them? All right, so you guys all make your way down. As you’re going through the castle, it’s in utter chaos now. All the guards who, in what was about 20 to 30 seconds of action since the moment of actual shouting at the top of the tower, the reaction time would be great if it wasn’t such a short window they had to get up there and you guys were right in the thick of it, and more trained than these soldiers. Okay. And the guards begin to continue pushing around. You can see now, lights are starting to come on in the town. You guys make your way down into the subterranean tunnels under Whitestone, where the Ziggurat is. You can see it, once again, the large, pyramid-like structure. Okay. You make your way into the central chamber. It has a number of fire-based braziers that are set in there now for light that are just general fire, but a lot of them are burned down to embers. It’s very, very low light in this area. You can barely see anything in here. You guys make your way inside the room. It’s cold, it’s dank, it’s not a very comfortable atmosphere. No effect. Okay. It pulls back with no issue. You reach into the Bag of Holding, and it’s just an empty satchel. All right. Okay. As you pull it beyond the perimeter of what you've come to mark, and it is marked, by the way. Through the research of Allura and the folks that have been here for a while, there is a specific mark in the hallway where that barrier begins. No noticeable effect. No effect. Yeah, you pull out a fancy robe. (laughs) Okay. While this is happening, you make your way down. Allura and Gilmore weren't staying in the castle. They were staying on the north side of the town. Okay. And you do see, there are lights coming on in the town and guards are now going out through the streets, going through buildings, searching for individuals that match the description you're at. As you make your way towards Gilmore's home, you hear what sounds like a loud, heavy thud. (boof) (boof boof) Another one, and suddenly a crash of glass. She's there by herself. Okay. Wild Shape or Polymorph? Okay. (fft) You turn into a tiny little mouse. Yep. You (fft) skirt under the door. The first thing you notice now is there is a bookcase that is shattered and there is a figure slumped in the corner where the table is broken. There's a little bit of light from a lantern that's been knocked over that's starting to catch fire on the curtains, and as the light (whoosh) from the flames begin to pick up, you can see the figure that was off to the side suddenly lifts up in the air. And you now see there, held aloft, what looks to be a humanoid, wearing dark leathers, a cloak, and a hood (groans) being held about four feet in the air, tense up. Walking out of the next room, you see Gilmore in disarray, a little bit of blood streaking down the forehead there, sweaty in the face, with his arm out. "What did you say? That's what I thought!" And he closes his hand and you watch as the figure is just - (squelching noise) - squashed in this ball of flesh, and you can see as it slowly twists, it's like squeezing water out of a towel, just blood pours out. And then he releases his fingers, and the figure (thud) falls limp on the ground like a crushed doll. "(sighs)" "(startled shout)" "It's not the night to be doing that to me!" "(sighs) I need a drink." "Right now?" He grabs you by the arm - - and just (shfff). There's a rush of air and a sparkle of purplish-blue energy. As you guys are walking through the tunnel, all of a sudden (boof), with a flash of light, you see, standing before you in the tunnel, Keyleth and a very harried Gilmore, who is - "(pants)" "Hi. (chuckles) I'm glad to see you're all right." "Wasn't expecting it to be my birthday, as well. (chuckles)" And you can see now, he's breathing heavy. He's been a little winded. And his eyes are excited to see - excited to see you for multiple reasons, but excited to see that you're alive. But as you ask him this question, you see his demeanor darkens a little. "That you... had interests elsewhere." "I, for one, could really go for some heavy alcohol." "I don't know." "Then let us go search. And then we shall drink. "Nevertheless." And Gilmore steps into the fog cloud - (all laugh) He lets you go. He pulls back with a smile and kind of reads you. He gives a nod of understanding and takes a step back. "I'm sorry." "Let's go make sure that everyone else is all right. "Come! Follow me." He turns around and goes into a jovial jog. You guys make your way up back up to the castle. Kashaw and Zahra are both fine. You come to them and find that their rooms were not disturbed, as neither of them were in the - actually, no, Kashaw was. (laughs) Yeah, no. You do come to the point where there are now a bunch of guards swarmed around the outside of Kashaw's room. As you push past, there is blood everywhere. Everywhere. On the walls, the ceiling, the floor, across the bed. And you see, sitting on the edge of the bed, spear in hand, shield tossed to the side, also covered in bits of viscera, Kashaw, who's currently leaning against the edge. "They knew better, right? What else was going to happen?" "Oh, just one." "I'll take a shower first. But then a drink." "I always hated cats." "Oh. Nice to meet you, too." We'll say he closes the front a little bit. Right, right. "It's nice to meet you, too. "I... don't normally dress like this, either, so don't worry." "Huh. "I like you." And he walks out. "I'll meet you guys in a minute." And he goes off to clean himself up. Zahra's fine. There's been no attack on Zahra. All right. You guys gather your stuff. At this time, Cassandra's awake, and she's actually in the process of dealing with the guards that are coming back with information. They've been sweeping parts of the town. Haven't found anyone else. There's been no real follow-up to any other figures that have been found, beyond the few select individuals. And it's at this time, as you guys gather your stuff and begin to head back out, that Allura comes into the front of the castle. She comes in, hair tossed, and she looks a little frazzled. "Is everyone all right?" She looks over her shoulder, and you see Kima come walking in, wearing what looks like a long nightshirt. Her maul in her hand and dragging behind by the foot what looks to be a mostly-mashed face of one of the assassins that tried to find its way into their home. No, not alive at all. The head is caved in, and there's a long trail of crimson that leads all the way down the walkway, down the footpath of the castle, and disappears towards the base of the walkway at the north side of Whitestone. "(grunts)" And throws him. (repeated thuds) Tumbles onto the ground, smears across a bit of the stonework. "You, too. "I can see the rest of you guys, at least, seem to be okay." Allura goes like, "What did you say?" "I'm quite familiar with them, yes." "Well, they come from the hells, "but they make allies all throughout the realm. "They're manipulators. They masquerade as anyone "that they think would help their current intent and goal. "They lie, they deceive, they convert." "So you slew this rakshasa tonight." "Well, that will be vengeance on two, then. It will be back." "There are a couple of ways. All of them involve "going to its home plane and destroying it there. "So unless you marvel a trip to the Nine Hells, "it's going to be a bit of paranoia for a while. "It does take weeks, months for them to regain their form, "but the process is very painful for them "and, as far as what I've read, at least, "they only really care about getting back at the ones that took it from them." "Since you're alive, its vengeance was not sated. "I think that's two of you on its shit list." "Well, for right now, "it's screaming its way back to the pit of its own creation. "It will take weeks, months before it reforms. "It will be very vulnerable during that time. "Mind you, it's not the most welcoming place, either. "But (sighs) if we make a journey there in a few weeks' time, "we could probably find where it's currently recouping, "and slay it for good." "How long will what take, the journey? "Instantaneous. To find it, longer. "To survive that journey, that is no easy task, "as it is a place of great danger and great evil." "It's possible. "It depends on what sort of magic wards it may have. "I don't know where it is. We could certainly try." "That is the issue." "All creatures don't like to make the same mistake twice, "thence the why it seems it brought friends." "I am certain there are many." "It will be hard to find this rakshasa "now or any time in the very near future, "as it's still finding its seed of corporeal form. "(sighs) But I agree, this has to be rectified." "I'm a bit confused, but do what you need to do. Regardless," and she looks to Gilmore, who has taken a breath now and has pulled an evening flask out of his night robe. He takes a swig off of it, goes, "I think we need to quicken "our reinforcements of the city. "I think we need to make certain that not only are we scry-proof, "but I believe we need to find a way to alert ourselves "of any sort of celestial or fiend intrusion." "The very definition." The rakshasa - at this point, Gilmore is like, "That's actually a very valid point. "How would it - did it meet us? How would it know what I look like?" "You mean last night?" "Dinner would have been the last time, yes." At this point, Allura thinks for a second. She goes, "I'm fairly certain "that they can peer into the minds of those nearby "and can read surface thoughts. "It may know more secrets than you think it does, "which makes it that much more important "that we eliminate it." "I can work on that." Yeah, it's just smashed inward. Yeah, it's horrifying. Straight-up horrifying. Okay. All right. So you have five questions you can ask the creature. As it sits there and you guys watch as Pike comes over in her robe and sits down next to it. You touch your symbol and reach out and touch the body. And all of a sudden, you watch as the chest rises again. "(rasping inhale)" You hear this horrible sucking sound as air is brought into the chest cavity. He doesn't breathe out, he just holds the air in, and the deformed, wrecked, bone shard-pierced face that once was this assassin, which you can see now, it looks to be loosely elvish in appearance, or at least there's some essence of elvish to its form, but the eyes are gone, the eyes are just mush. It slowly sits up and turns towards you, Pike, going, "(rasping groans)" "(slowly) Hotis..." "...hired us." "We run The Clasp in Stillben." "I don't know. "He had information. "He led us here. Instructed our strikes." "We were 6 in total." (chuckling) That's a fine - "Spireling Veekar. (groans)" And with that, the last bit of air that had been trapped in the chest cavity has been utilized and the body (rasping groan) goes back to its still rest, no longer moving, no longer puppeteered by your divine energies. And Gilmore's like, "(weak chuckle) I actually have one that's pretty rough "in my place right now." "I got a little angry." "Oh, just one." "Is there one that was left alive?" "We'll find out." "All right. Drinks? Please?" (laughs) He's holding it like a pair of soiled underpants, all - "(shudders)" He takes it for a second. He puts his hand over and his eyes flicker for a second with a spark of arcane energy and he sits back. "No, this is indeed a cursed robe. "It's a Robe of Flaying." "(chuckles) To the right people, maybe." "Oh, I don't want to have any hand in this type of business. "I'm sorry. I deal with above-the-board magical items. "You've gone creative with me, but even that was relatively harmless. "This slowly takes the skin off of its wearer. "I don't wish to have this part of my repertoire." "Well, if you've removed it from him, "then the enchantment's been broken." "Ah. Yes?" "But of course." "You've certainly earned it." "(stuttering) I wouldn't say I know everything about everything." "Between the two of us," He takes a minute and walks around you, looking at the armor up and down. Looking at you up and down a little bit. But mostly at the armor. His eyes flare a few times with arcane sparks. "This is a powerful Vestige, my friend. "This has existed for quite some time, and you've - "well, there's certainly a bit of dark divine energy around it. "It looks like it has the capability "to resist most elements when given the instruction, "and it safeguards the life of the bearer "and it looks like there's some sort of a - "Tell you what. Follow me." And he stops and he goes, "It's really me this time! Follow me." "All right." And he walks outside of the front of the castle to the walkway, stepping over the crimson smear that once was the one assassin. And he walks up to the edge of the sheer cliffs that are on each side of that walkway and the elevated, cleaved mountain the castle was built on. He walks up to the very edge with you and goes, "Do you trust me?" As soon as you look down, you feel a thrust as he pushes you off the cliff. At that moment, you suddenly, instinctively, look up and from outside the back of the armor, (fwwsh) - - these giant black raven wings spill out from the sides. You get the sense that this feature to the armor was only recently - You go from falling to swooping over the forest on the outside of Whitestone. "(startled noise)" You can see he's a little nervous, but he's smiling. "(nervous laughter)" "Thank you. No, it's all right. I would have been fine." He freezes for a moment, still figuring out his boundaries with the dynamic being what it is, but eventually he gives in and you feel his arms take you in as well, and you guys have this long, honest, connecting hug. And as this happens, the wings also wrap around and envelop the both of you. And then time seems to pass for a minute and as you release him, the wings (fluttering sound) scatter into black feathers in the wind and disappear. He steps away from you and you can see there's just a little streak down the side of his face. And he reaches up and smacks you on the cheek a little bit. "Glad you're all right." "That goes both ways. Don't forget that." (laughs) "Oh, that's once every dawn, that can return to you." (laughing) That would have been really funny. It's for up to an hour, it can last, just so you're aware. But once per day, you give yourself a fly speed of 60. By this time, some of the guards have come back, reporting that they haven't seen anything yet. There are folks that were following the tracks into the forest, but the tracks have mostly gone cold. Whoever it is knows how to not be found. It's part of their job. Galdrick. All right. Okay. You shout out for about 10, 15 minutes or so before you hear a distant howl. (howl) A few more moments pass before you hear (panting). Coming up from the outside of the forest, the large gray dark wolf. (padding footfalls) "(sniffs)" "(licks chops)" Licks his deep, pearly-white bladed incisors and turns around and - "(grunts)" - takes off into the forest at triple-speed. All right. You all at these twilight hours find yourselves gathering your friends and allies for a long-needed drink until the sun begins to rise. You all appreciate the friendship that you’ve maintained, the survival of those that were endangered, and eventually find yourself, rather tipsy, finding your way back to bed, this time with quadruple the guards at the door - - of each of your rooms, resting. Welcome back! So. As you guys find yourself having a good night’s sleep, waking up restfully around midday to the early afternoon here in Whitestone. Everyone except for you, Vax. You, as you went to sleep, found, as opposed to a restful night, especially given the circumstance, a perpetual onslaught of terrible nightmares recapping the events of the night before with alternate possibilities, looking and seeing Gilmore plunging the blade into your stomach, seeing your friends and family torn apart by demons called forth by this rakshasa returning for vengeance. You were tossing and turning and woke up sweaty. Unfortunately, you do not get the benefits of a full rest. So you're still at the hit point value that you had before. You can use hit dice. Yeah. You actually take the time to go ahead and rest up, and even then, your body's just restless. You find yourself unable to spend those, either. You're basically rocking in place and playing over the imagery in your mind over and over again, and there's a perpetual cold sweat across your brow. Yeah. You come to Allura's home - Okay. Ugh. You make your way back to the house where Allura's been staying and knock on the door. Door opens. Kima's there. "Hi. You guys rest okay? Everything all right?" "Any problems?" "Yeah, she's - would you like some coffee?" As you come inside, you can smell coffee brewing. You see Allura comes out of the kitchen area of this home that she's staying in. "Oh, hi!" "I'll get another cup." And she leaves. Actually, no. Her hair is perfect. No, she - yeah. Way too well put together for being this early in the conscious day. "I know, you're telling me, right?" "It's obnoxious. (sighs)" She brings coffee back and sets it in the center of this serving table for guests. You start drinking the coffee. It's very well put on, nice and sweet. "So, what -" "It was a very rough night." "Let's go have a look, then." And so they go ahead and they walk back with you. (laughs) It's good coffee. Eventually, you've found your way wandering through the hall to get some food, sunken sockets. Grog passes by you in the hallway, and you see Vax, hand against the wall, walking by, looking dazed and a little weary. Okay. Oh. You proudly hear, through the doorway. All right. As time passes, eventually your sister, Allura, and Kima make their way towards you to go ahead and check in. He's made his way out. Allura takes a look at you. "You certainly don't look well." "It might be lingering enchantment from the robe. "Let me try something." And she pulls back and thumbs mentally through some sort of index in her head and brings her hand up. "Eras to no est." And begins drawing this strange glyph in the air, that where her finger traces, you can see a slight sparkle falls behind before it forges some sort of a letter that you don't recognize, and it passes through you (foomf), and as it gets through, you can't help but to get pushed back for a second. "Do you feel any different?" No change, from what you can tell. Still just... bad place. Yeah. The effect hits and intends to remove any poison, disease circumstance. No change in physical presence. "Kima, have you any ideas?" "Here! Let me have a look at you." She pulls you down to her position, just pushing your eyelids open. "Grog, do you want to help me with this?" "I'm not going to." "Just seems tired to me." You guys walk out and see as Allura sits back with a slight chuckle next to Vex, as you see both Grog and Kima manhandling a very exhausted-looking Vax in the center of the hallway. You want to make a Medicine check? You hear this echo in the distance of him shitting himself. And you're like, "eh." 23. You push Kima aside and take a very intense look at his body. "Oh." Very intense look over. Physically, there does not appear to be any ailment to him, whatsoever. There are traces of exhaustion in him, and you do have a point of exhaustion, by the way, for a lack of evening's rest. But there's no signs of onset of splotchiness or diseases. There's no pulsing or darkened vein marks. Nothing physical. The brooch that was given to him by Percy. Okay. "I attempted to dispel, "in case there was any spell that was still sustained on him." Kima goes, "Not really my specialty at the moment. My apologies." All righty. And so as Percy has wandered off at this time, you guys both hold hands and channel, through both of your abilities, the Greater Restoration spell. Suddenly, you feel like this dark hook that was in the center of your being is lifted. And as it dissipates, you're still exhausted, and still lost an entire evening's worth of rest, but whatever was keeping you in that nightmarish realm of stasis seems to have been dispelled. Better. Tired. Your midsection is very sore from the constant flexing. You gather that there was some curse that had taken hold of his body. You gather, probably something to do with the rakshasa, yeah. Jug fills up with clear, cool water. No. In fact, you spend probably a good 3 to 4 minutes pushing through Vax refuse while nobody else has thought to actually come and stop you when they've already figured out what the problem was. Roll a medicine check. (all laugh) It seems fairly standard bile and excrement. No signs of parasites, nothing. There is one feather. No effect. No effect. (fwssh) Fills with dark ale. At this point, you hear a guard's voice shout, "Hail, Vox Machina! Downstairs, please." Scanlan, are you still reading this morning? Okay. Did you get a full night's rest, though? Okay, yeah, so your exhaustion point is gone. All right. So you guys head downstairs. As you get there, the front gates to Whitestone castle - no, the front doors to the main entranceway are partially open and the guards are waiting there as you see a shadow step in from the outside daylight. You see step inside to the center of the castle, a very large, dark-furred wolf carrying something within his jaws. Drops down on the ground another dark-cloaked figure. He is not alive. There is a snapped neck on this individual. You can see a series of scrapes across the face. This person, as you go and inspect, had been rushing quickly through the forest and had taken a number of small injuries in the haste to escape. However, could not escape the ever-watching vigil. Okay, yeah. You actually find about 320 gold pieces on the body. You find 6 vials of poison. You're not too familiar with poisons. Vax would be. He could have a look at it. 300 gold. Fist-sized glass sphere, about that big. He walks up to you. (sniffs) Smells your hand, and steps into it. He head-butts the palm of your hand and then runs his head under it. There's a familiar scent. You can see there's an immediate familiarity with you that wasn't there before. You can see the eyes, dark and piercing into you. "(grunts)" He glances towards you. You put your hand out? "(sniff sniff)" He sniffs your hand. You do, and he seems to begrudgingly give into it. "(grunt, chomp)" He picks it up in his jaws again and starts walking outside. Spits it on the outside of the grounds, rolling off the edge. It doesn't go completely off, but one of the legs is dangling off the side, and the guards wait there, then take it and pull it away. The wolf's not going to eat the dead body. But it's done. He's done his job. He takes it out of the castle, gets it out of your way, and then begins to step back down the walkway path south of the castle, making his way back towards Whitestone and the surrounding forest. You shake it. You actually look inside. There's a cloudy liquid at the center of it. When it was at rest, it had no real motion, but as you shake it, it swirls on the inside. (laughs) She takes a look at it. There's a little sparkle of arcane energy in her eyes again. You're starting to get the theme here. There is a specific spell that she's using to identify these objects. You've seen it done before. She takes a look at it and goes, "Well, I can see why this would be very useful "for a member of the Clasp. "It's a Scrying Eye." When you take, essentially, 10 minutes to focus on the eye, you can scry as per the spell. But it can only be used for 10 minutes and it cannot be used until the next dawn. Well, in theory. You'll have to find out. Anything a scrying spell could. As per the spell. Once per day. You can see Allura. Her face gets a little stern at this. "This is precisely the issue we have here. "If they could scry information, anyone can. "Which is why I'm going to get with Gilmore "and go and get together with the rest of the arcane minds here in Whitestone, "and we're going to try to ward this place from any sort of intrusion. "If possible, I'd like to blanket this entire area with illusion. "I'd like it so those who should not know that Whitestone even exists do not." "Honestly, do what you're doing. "Although, I may need some aid from you, there." And she looks towards you, Pike, and says, "If we're going to find out where this rakshasa is "and how to head it off at the pass in the coming weeks, "I think your divine nature would be of great aid. "You and Keeper Yennan. Between the two of you, "I think we could map out a plot to head it off at the pass, "and when you return and are ready, head into the hells ourselves "and take it down while there's still time." "All right." So you write down "gate stone" on your inventory. "As you can." "All right. Where are you off to, then?" You just walk down the path from Whitestone castle? All right, so you guys start making your way down towards Whitestone proper. As you walk along the way... You look around and you see a boy holding a wheelbarrow nearby is picking up a bunch of fruit that had fallen out. "I'm terribly sorry. Didn't mean to bother you." He puts them back in and keeps wheeling on. "My cabbages!" Yes. They're both standing at the northern base of the Sun Tree in the center of the town square. You see them hugging and give each other a kiss on the cheek. Choco Taco, by the way, is Draconic for a fine cheese sandwich in Wildmount. It's a delicacy. Keyleth skips off in the direction - Make an acrobatics check. Acrobatics. 10. The limes (thud) all over the ground. Keyleth slowly backs away, realizing the moment. Goes to get less-bruised limes. Make another acrobatics check. Yeah, yeah. As you guys spend the rest of the afternoon - which, you woke up late, for the most part, so the afternoon's pretty short. But as the sun sets here in Whitestone, the cloud cover takes in once more, and a very light drizzle begins to hit the rooftops, and you hear in the distance people finishing rebuilding the roofs that were destroyed in the battle. Some buildings that are starting to be put back up again. The city is definitely, over time, coming back to life. You also know that throughout the day, you can see Allura and Gilmore and the Farseer Eskil are beginning to mark areas in the town. You're not sure what for, but you gather it's probably preparation for their wards they're going to start putting up throughout Whitestone. During this time, you make your first tinker check. 21? Okay. Working a good portion of the evening - Yeah, you start making some decent headway. You get the stirrups well-bolted into the side, making sure not to interrupt any of the enchantment. You also begin to work on the finer elements of the seat portion of it, which in itself will have a gimbal hinge to adjust based on positioning, which will allow her to actually functionally sit on the seat. We'll get to that in a minute. The rest of you guys, anything else you're doing other than just drinking in the time you have left? As she cackles loudly, the hat atop her head is everything you hoped for. (all crack up) Another tinker check. You guys are drinking, carousing in a local tavern, laughing at her new hat. 25? As the wee hours begin to click by, the rest of you have finished your evening of drinking - There you go. Yeah, it's more stylistic. It's more Vex'ahlia. Yes. I'm going to start up here. As the evening progresses, up to that point in time, you're battling and battling with this gimbal, and making sure that everything itself can sustain the necessary weight without putting too much pressure on a single point within the broom to actually splinter the wood or damage the actual object. You're not even paying attention to the fact that there's very little airflow and the sweat's been dripping off of your face, as you just need to get this project done. And in the moment, it finally hits you, not knowing what time it is, but you lift it up in your hands, and you can see the completed work. Hoping it will function. We shall see. But for now, your project is done. All right. Roll an attack. Nope. The arrow smashes into the side of the half-eaten chicken, which, in your drunken state, was not on your plate, and you hear a voice go, "Hey, that was my meal!" (arrow impact) The chicken, now stapled to the wall by the arrow, and the somewhat frustrated-looking gentleman who is on the other side of the table, who has just been eating on his own, is like - "How are you going to pay for that?" He hasn't really noticed the flight thing at this point, so he's just like, "(awed) Oh." "It's okay." "It's burned." "I can tell." "I want my chicken untouched." And he starts cutting into it, trying to find pieces that are edible. As this is happening, while the flying display is happening and you're really intent on watching all the mechanisms work and watching how it adjusts to her weight, and you want to be damn sure that everything that's supposed to move is. While this is happening... As you continue to drink, Percy - All right. As Percy, you see the opportunity now as Vax moves to take that same spot next to Pike. Make a perception check, Grog. Someone fucking threw something at your head. "(screams)" He slams onto a table. You can now see there are two guys in the back, who are probably part of the building crew here, look at each other and roll up their sleeves. "We doing this?!" They rush in and start slugging at you and it goes into an old-style - A giant brawl breaks out at this time. You hear people laughing, and the music picks up more, and there's tables being tossed over. There's a hint of gingerness to it; no one's damaging the - - you can see, in general, in the city, there's a lot of tension to get out from previous events, and there are a few folks in this town, in this particular tavern that are enjoying throwing a couple of punches and taking a few, and there are some folks that are watching, and enjoying watching, this fight go down. And while no one here can throw a punch to really give you much of an issue, Grog, it is fun to feel the energy again. All right. As eventually, the fight dies down, another round of drinks are purchased by those who are involved. You all find yourselves now into the late, late hours. Once again, probably pushing another sunrise in the next hour or so. You gather you should probably find yourselves to rest. You guys make your way back to Whitestone castle. Find a full evening's sleep. Eventually, the late morning, early afternoon comes about. You're well-rested, and a night of good dreams come to you. In contrast to the bad night before, you do manage to get full rest. [no audio] (giggles) The flushed gnome runs off. You guys all eventually gather your materials, your weapons, your equipment, and anything else you need for the journey, and you all meet just on the outside of the front doors to Whitestone castle for a final goodbye. There waiting for you Allura, the Realmseer, and Gilmore. Kima's off elsewhere right now. And Cassandra follows up behind as you guys step out. They all nod their heads. Allura walks over to you and pats you on the shoulder. "Don't worry. Have faith, and when you return. "I'll know how to absolve you of this cursed individual. "And I think you'll have, hopefully, "something else even more helpful in your midst." Cassandra comes up by you and rests her chin on your shoulder. "Percy, stay alive, please." "I mean it." "No, you're not." And she smacks you in the face. (dshh) Once everyone else is looking, she rights herself again. She takes her coat and buttons it there in the middle. "I cannot express, truly, "how important your influence has been in this city, "and I don't think you realize "just how many lives here are for the better "since you've walked into our humble home. "And it is for that reason that I request, "on the behalf of all of us here in Whitestone, "that you come back safe. "That is all. Good luck." She puts her shoulders back and walks back into the castle. "Don't call me that." She walks back in. Allura and Gilmore look at each other. Allura nods and walks in the castle after Pike, leaving Gilmore there. Gilmore looks at you all. "Sorry about forgetting the hug last time. It wasn't my intent." "I have no words. You all look fabulous. "If you find anything really amazing that you don't need, "I'm trying to build up stock again. "(chuckling) I kind of... lost two shops in the same month." "Well, I mean, eventually. "You've got to have long-term plans, my dear." "Please. I'm far beyond the adventuring business, "and income's been stale for a while. "But stay safe. Be careful. It's weird out there." "Very, very weird out there." "It's WEIRD out there." "Take everything with caution. "Trust nothing. "Keep your eyes open and for the love of god, "absolve yourself of any preconceptions." "Fly high, my bird." He walks up and gives you a kiss on the cheek, and then walks into the castle after the rest. Where are you specifying? Where are you going? You haven't been in there. Okay. For a moment, there's just this still quiet, and then this very cold breeze begins to pick up around your feet (wind noise) and it's like someone smacked each of you on your back really hard (boomf). And with that, your vision flashes for a moment, and you look about and everything has changed. You step forward into the now-temperate air. You're struck immediately by the vibrant purples, blues, and pinks of a sunset sky that envelops the clouds above you, just above the treeline that surrounds you. The smell of fresh morning dew and poppy upon the breeze rolls past your nose and fills your senses as you look down and see yourself wading through what looks like two-foot-tall, knee- to thigh-high grass. Vine-covered tree trunks wrap and rise around you, curling as they stretch upward like a bending dreamscape of hundreds of small bobbing fairy lights that float in the shadowed distance of the forest. You can see what looks to be a few small pools of water that have gathered in this small glade that surrounds you. And that's where we'll pick up next week. Or two weeks from now, I guess. You guys'll be back next week for your own little fun time. We'll be back to pick up that line, as the party enters the Feywild, in two weeks. It's going to be real interesting here in the Feywild. All right, so first and foremost, thanks again to Loot Crate for being our awesome sponsors. And Ashley, if you hadn't picked up at this point, is going back to New York to shoot on the next season of Blindspot. I love this blanket. It tells me how awesome I am. We got better internet in the studio for you. We got better internet in the studio specifically for you. When you can, Skype in. I know it's not the same. I'll make it work. I'll figure it out. It's my job. (singing) Step one, put a hole in that box… put a Pike in that box? Not continuing the song... (all laugh) Not Taliesin, sorry. Liam, Marisha, Laura, and Travis are going to play some Deadlands for a couple of hours on our awesome charity stream. Check us out tomorrow, starting at 5pm. Check out the rest of the stream for all the awesome content they're putting up there, guys. Sorry. Saturday. Friday. It's - No, it's not tomorrow yet. Sorry. Starts tomorrow at 7pm, or 5pm. It starts tomorrow at 7pm, and then goes on.