Hello everyone and welcome back to Critical Role. I know we missed you guys last week. We had crazy E3 coverage and the stream was fantastic in getting all that to you, and to me because I couldn't be there. So thank you to the stream team for making all of that happen last week. But we return, nevertheless, to the wondrous realm of Exandria, and the adventures that happen in this wonderful world of Critical Role. It's been a week. I'm a little crazed right now. So be prepared for crazed Mercer today. What could possibly go wrong? All right. So before we get started here, a couple-- a few quick things, cool things! First off, guys, our first winner for our subscriber giveaway is Valmoncen. Congratulations! You're going to win a signed Player's Handbook and a signed cast photo so congrats to you. And we'll be giving those away for every 50 subscribers that we get throughout the show tonight. So remember in order to be part of these giveaways you have to be active in the chatroom. So every 50 subscribers, at 3,750 will be our next one and every 50 thereafter. So we'll be giving away signed Player's Handbooks and signed photos of the cast. Also, Facebook initiative that we're putting out there now. For all you guys out there who could, go to the-- Hi there Sam. (laughs) If you have an opportunity, go to the Geek and Sundry Facebook Page, facebook.com/geekandsundry, and share on there both #CriticalRole and a reason why you think people should watch the show. And we will be doing a giveaway for all the folks that do that, and that'll include a signed Player's Handbook, a signed photo, and this fantastic D&D Attack Wing Green Dragon Expansion Pack, which is just a cool looking mini in general. Well too bad. They're going to get it. You guys. One of you magical people are going to get this. So go to the Facebook of Geek and Sundry, share your best reasoning to the world on there why people should check us out and maybe win that, which would be cool. Also, as a heads up, let's see, we have a new shirt up! I'm sure you've seen a fantastic new Critical Role shirt. It's only a two-week limited run again. It's designed by one of our awesome fans, Matt Abernathy. Well done and thank you! (cheering) You did. I believe so. If not, you're welcome to get angry at us on the internet. But that just went up. It has our little awesome 8-bit-- Two weeks. This is true. The finest. If there were a t-shirt to gird your loins with, this is the one to do it. And to be fair, girding your loins does actually involve cloth. Look it up on Google. It's an interesting process, I think more people could do it. It helps aerate the... anyway. And last thing! There's a cool RPG app game that launched today called Soul Hunters, on app stores, iOS and Android I think, that I did some voice-over for a few of the characters in the game. It's a fun project, you should check it out. It just launched today. But for the next 24 hours, anyone who downloads the game and puts in the promo code "Critical Role" will get a free champion that I voiced. An awesome tank fellow who is a lot of fun, so go check that out and get a free tank. And also for every ten subs we have ten key giveaways for the game. I think it is upwards close to $100 worth in game giveaway material and free money and stuff in the actual app itself. So every ten subscribers we'll be putting out a special key to that winner for use in the Soul Hunters game, so check that out! Good times. Where's the card and the box? If you don't mind, go ahead. Thank you, Prometheus Theus! Taliesin will be here shortly, he's running a little behind. Yeah, the problem with having this at 7PM on a Thursday in Los Angeles is that depending on where you're coming from, you may not get here by 7PM. But he'll be here shortly. Thank you! That's amazing. And whenever that is done, that bottle is going to be repurposed for some sort of potion. It's happening. Oh yeah. Whoa. So we're doing that, right? That lives now as an alcoholic container, but will eventually become an awesome on-set candle. So thank you so much Prometheus, that's amazing. Also we have a couple other gifts to give out. They weren't here last week so we couldn't give them away yet, but we have a couple of gifts over there for I believe Laura and Travis, or more specifically Vex and Grog... To give those away? Oh! Really? Okay. Well then, we shall wait. All right. So we're getting better speakers for Liam here, but he'll be up for joining us via Skype, and Taliesin will be here shortly. I think we're going to jump in here. All right, we're going to get a speaker set up for Liam, but nevertheless we shall hop in here and start playing. Oh yeah. And I would like to recommend also that we try to prevent cross-talk, so be aware. MATT and Oh, Crossfire. Some things never go away. All right, so! For those of you who are joining us for the first time, welcome. For those of you who have been with us for the entire journey, welcome as well. Bunch of crazy voice actors here, playing D&D. The party had just recently completed an extensive quest through the Underdark beneath the dwarven city of Kraghammer, in which they battled with mind flayers, and duergar, and eventually a giant crazed beholder that was possessed by an ancient artifact called the Horn of Orcus. Upon defeating the mind flayers and making a dramatic escape, thanks to Tiberius, back to their hometown of Emon, they met with the council of Tal'Dorei, which they're a part of, to discuss what they should do with this great, ancient, evil artifact, the Horn of Orcus. The council discussed it, most of the knowledge seemed to be that it could not, or there is no known way to destroy it. The best means of dealing with it would be to reseal it in a place where it would be safe, forgotten, and hopefully never rediscovered. It was decided amongst the council that the safest place to do that is on the distant land of Othanzia, where there is a capital city known as Vasselheim. There, supposedly, is the most well known, holiest, and oldest place of Kima's order of worship, of the Great Platinum dragon Bahamut, of which she's a paladin, and supposedly they have a facility or means of sealing it away. So it was decided that they would send away for a holy container that could contain this evil without any worry of corruption or escape, carry it then, via skyship, over the ocean to the distant land of Othanzia, to Vasselheim, the capital city, and seal it away. After which, they went on a shopping spree to Gilmore's Glorious Goods. Met everyone's favorite mage, magic creator extraordinaire. Yeah, you guys have to figure out who gets what, by the way. So bringing us back now, you've completed your purchases, now as a party decide how to disseminate the items you've purchased. And once you guys are ready, we'll take it from there. Love it. Sorcerers can wear no armor. You are wrong. No. You have regular Studded Leather Armor right now. Probably. Coldsnap Leather Armor. This would be leather armor, plus two, it would probably give you an additional plus one to your AC if you wear it. It's not studded leather, it's just leather, but it's plus two to the AC, so yeah. Your AC would go up by one. You have no way of knowing. It is now 15 with your new armor. Not yet. You can read it over time, like take a couple hours out of each evening, then... It allows you to cast a spell into it, up to a level three. You can do three 1st-level spells, or up to one 3rd-level spell, into the stone. It'll hold it. And then you can continue on with the next few days and you can cast it from the stone for free. It's still an action to activate it, but it doesn't use your current spell slot, 'cause you've already stored it in there the day before. Essentially, if you were to cast a level three spell into it in advance. Essentially. It's up to you. You have the crown. Yeah, that Vax has. You guys have exited Gilmore's at this time. Yes. You guys are essentially in the middle of the thoroughfare in Abadar's Promenade of Emon, bickering over the items you guys are distributing amongst yourselves in broad daylight. Make a perception check. Yes. (laughs) Looking about, there are a few folks that walk by and give a strange eye to the seven, nearly eight foot tall goliath. But nothing beyond what you're used to. Yeah. As a note guys, you do have about two days before the holy receptacle arrives so if there's anything that you want to achieve in that meantime, you're welcome to do so or you can just spend that couple days and relax. All right. What would you like to tinker? Okay. That glove, that's going to be like a week-long endeavor. Even the design phase will take you about two days, acquiring materials. Night vision... Night vision, or darkvision, as you would put it, would be more of an enchantment-based acquisition. Not via tinkering. The technological aspects are not, unfortunately, that advanced in this time. Like, shades, probably. You could probably shade some sun. But, actually looking in the dark, that's an actual-- would be more of an arcane situation. With the Bad News. It's going to be difficult with the Bad News because the sheer power and force that that gun emits on its payload. You could do it. I'd say it'd probably up your misfire rate by one. So consider that. It's doable, but in messing with the barrel, the chamber, and the trajectory of the weapon, there is that slight increase in the possibility of it jamming or disabling. It's a possible trade-off. With Bad News, because it travels so fast to do that much damage, any sort of alteration-- it will either not change the course whatsoever, or it'll blow up the gun. Okay. Arrows are viable. All right. So the two of you walk back in as they're discussing this. Gilmore is still at his desk. All right. "I'm sorry, was there something else you require?" "Hello." "I've had a rather good day, you could say." "Please, do step into my office." And he leads you into the back room, beyond the beaded curtain. (laughs) "Quite an astute nose you have. I'll be right in. If you don't mind, just hanging tight "just for a moment. Thank you." He steps off in the back room and takes about five minutes. Okay. So. He gives you a long, hard look, contemplating the conversation, and then you see a lightbulb go off in his eyes and he goes, "Hmm. Curious. You're into some things." (laughter) "Indeed. I could probably acquiesce to this. Give me a day. I should be able to produce such an "item, although this is, I will say-- having not been attempted, there comes a warning of possible "side effects." "Perhaps. The funny thing about unproven magic is, well, it's unproven. I could give you at "least a 90 to 95% guarantee?" "I would say for the research, the materials, and seeing as how you are indeed "sponsored by Gilmore's Glorious Goods. At discount, 300 gold?" Go ahead and roll a persuasion. There you go! Right. Oh! (laughs) No, as soon as you procure it, he leans forward and snatches it gingerly from your fingers and looks it over in his eyes. "Ooh! This is a fine piece." "For trade?" "This gem would probably run you anywhere from 200 to 300 gold." Make an insight check. He seems honest. He seems like he's genuinely looking to make a deal. "Very well." "Oh. I can provide for this fantastic specimen, a three use potion? Is that within your "realm of possibility?" "One day!" "One day." And he rubs your shoulder and leads you outside of the room. Ha. Ha. As you storm through the beaded curtain, as he's exiting. "Ah! I'm sorry, this "room is private." "First off, the ring that we discussed as our original deal, the price would run you "about 1,750." "1,750 gold pieces. Should you be interested still. As for-- enchantment is a largely permanent "process. To enhance an existing enchantment is a dangerous task that has a very high probability of "ruining the enchantment that currently exists." "To increase it, such masters I hear exist in the world, but they are very, very dead. Or "very, very hidden." "However, if you wish to upgrade, we are more than happy to oblige!" "Well. Perhaps we could have one made for you. It would take a few weeks, but we could have "one waiting." "All right. Well, you'd have to pay half the price down in front." How much is your Ring of Protection plus two currently labeled as? "So 6,500. That will put you at 3,250 down now. The other half when the enchantment is "complete." They haggled it down a little bit. "Very well. Come back if you change your mind." Right. We'll get to that now. Roll an investigation check. All right. Asking around some of the employees and keeping an eye out, there are a few books on herbalism, how to find and retain the potent elements of various material components found in nature. Also, there are some bits of information about how to extract materials from natural creatures, meaning monsters, beasts both natural and magical. How to remove and preserve safely elements of their organs, and things that can be used in various alchemical compounds and/or potion-brewing. There are no books specifically on the process of brewing, but that is one of the key components to it, is being able to acquire those elements. It's a single book that contains everything about the herbalism and a book about the extraction of creature components. The two books. (laughs) You inquire with the employees. "These books are marked currently at 25 gold "apiece. They are a second printing, but hard to find. Do you wish to purchase?" Mark off 50 gold. Hands the tomes back. You did, and he said he'll take it under consideration. He gave you a look like, "Hm." Oh, the bulette. That's an interesting thought. All right. Go ahead and make an investigation check. 20. Easy enough. After asking around town, you manage to find a few individuals to speak with. There are two armor smiths. One that dabbles in both blacksmithing and armor smithing, one that specifically is an armor smith who focuses in strange materials. Mostly ornamental, but has a strong history and past in warfare and honing those skills towards the use of actual battle. You find it's a dwarven woman by the name of Karin, and they send you to her facility. It's a very small, almost a hovel, but when you approach the outside, you can immediately smell this strong scent of iron. Almost like a sulfur and different other chemicals that are used when you're folding metals and making composites. You open the door slightly, and it's very darkly lit on the inside. There's the heat of the forge, and you see this very sturdy, muscular dwarven woman standing in there with her hair graying, and it's pulled back into a very tight bun. She's wearing a leather apron with her sleeves rolled up, and she's in the process of hammering down on a piece of metal over her anvil, just (ping, ting, ting). (laughs) You see, there's probably a bit of scruff showing at the edge of her chin, but not a beard per se. She doesn't seem to notice you. She's just in the middle of her work. She stops for a second. "Oh, sorry, I didn't see you enter! Can I help you?" "Aye, I'm Karin." "Let me just finish." She gives you a nod (huffs), and then goes back into her mode for a second. She makes you wait for a good six minutes while she finishes hammering out this piece, turning and rotating on the edge of the anvil, hammering it into this smooth-- it looks almost like a pauldron, curved point for a shoulder. Then eventually, she (shhh) quenches it in the trough, sets it aside with a (tink, tink). Puts her tools down, takes off her big leather gloves. Wipes her brow, and you see when she wipes it, she wipes the sweat off, but leaves a big old grease mark where once was clean, and goes, "Sorry for the wait. So, what can I do for you?" "Oh, aye. Depends on what you're looking for. What're you putting in the furnace?" "I like interesting." At this point, specifically, she goes from extremely welcoming to a very nervous, untrusting look. Make a persuasion roll. (laughs) There you go. It's okay, she rolled a two. "All right, all right. Sorry, I don't mean to-- I've had a few encounters in the past." "But yes, outside." She walks out, and as she walks out with you, you can see she reaches over and grabs a sheathed shortsword and keeps it at her side. (bear moans) Your armored bear comes looming around the corner, at which point she (yelps) goes for the sword instinctually. "Oh. That's not bad. That's not bad at all!" She walks up to him and carefully-- doesn't want to touch him-- Trinket, of course, leans forward. (slurp) Licks the side of her face, cleaning off some of the grease stain on the side of her cheek. "(shocked laughter) Oh! That was unexpected. Very "friendly one." "Trinket, is it?" "You're a nice one, Trinket." She starts rubbing the side of his cheek. (bear moans) She starts looking at the armor. "It's nice. Functional. It's taken a few dings. It's seen some "battle." "Well, I can see that. Who made this?" She looks around and pulls it. "Oh, this is the mark of Westruun. This was made over in that-- (scoffs)." "Oh, they're not the finest over there. They're functional, but not the finest. Is this "for a parade or is this for actual combat?" "All right, all right. And what materials are you looking for?" (laughs) As you slam down this awkward, still somewhat wet in places, but mostly dried-out bulette hide that you guys carved from it. And it is big pieces of plate scales with sections of leather underneath, interwoven. It is part of a large behemoth of a creature. As you slam it down, she steps back for a second. "And you-- what manner of creature did this come from?" "Bulette?" "Oh, I haven't seen one of those found itself to the surface in quite some time." She gives you this long look. Goes, "Right. Right, adventurers. Of course. Sorry, didn't mean "to offend." She stops for a second and goes, "Actually, yes. I have heard of you." "Winter's Crest festival not long ago." "All right. Well, then. It's a pleasure to have you in my little establishment and business. "Bulette hide? I have not worked with this." She leans down and starts messing with it, seeing how pliable it is in sections. She goes, "There's enough here to redo most of the armor. Most "places. I could minimize spatial use of it and possibly get most of the main plates gathered. I "can work with this." "I can work with this. It'll take me a few days, unfortunately. It is a rare material." "Two days?" "I could. I'd have to charge you more, 'cause I'm not going to get much sleep at that rate." "Well, you're providing the materials. That definitely cuts the cost significantly. For my "time and work, and lack of sleep--" "Can I put my personal brand on this?" "Well, then." You're not there. "500 gold suffice?" Make a persuasion roll. Oh, Vex. She looks you over for a second, looks at the material, and you can see in her eyes, there's this interest in working with this material, never touched or worked with it. She goes, "(spits) 450." Shakes hands. "All right." "Two days. All right." And she leans down, picks it up, it is heavy material-- for the most part carrying it around was his job in the bag of holding. She lifts it over one shoulder, (rgh) heads right into the workshop-- Stops for a second, turns around. "Do you mind if I take that armor in the meantime? I "figure I could use that to base the pattern." Take about 15 minutes, she helps take the armor off, she leads it all into the shop, and she goes, "All right. See you in a few days." Closes her door. (bff) If there's anything else you guys want to achieve in these next two days, you're welcome to do it now, or we could go ahead and say you relax and take the time to fast-forward through the two-day period. All right, so. First you wanted to work on? Okay, all right. All right. Another one of the speaking earrings? Yeah, I would say you could begin the process, you get halfway through. It would take you the better part of a week to complete the earring, which is what it did before when you first made them. But you can begin the process. You definitely have your laboratory now in Greyskull Keep, and that gives you a bonus to the rolls you make to enchant it. You could probably have Allura come and finish it if you wanted to ask her. She doesn't have anything better to do. (laughs) Okay, getting the enchantment on that. All right. Go ahead and make your first tinkering check. 13. Okay. So as opposed to an actual arrow, what you're doing is you take an extended crossbow bolt, you blacksmith onto the end of it, extending it to what would be an actual full-scale longbow arrow length, but it is a thick metal rod. From there you create the grappling hook end to it and what would be essentially-- it's thin, and then once the rope is pulled or tugged from the back, it retracts the front part to extend it into a grappling hook. You get through the process of creating the rod, and you sketch in a few ideas for the actual portion of the end of the arrow that would extend into the grappling hook portion. Go ahead and make a secondary roll. 12? Okay. You're having-- this is including your tinker bonus, your-- Yeah. So you started having a little bit of a problem with the mechanism. It keeps sticking and having a hard time actually retracting or springing from the arrow point. It takes a little more time than you anticipated with it. Go ahead and make a final roll. So Scanlan comes down into your workshop underneath Greyskull Keep. You hear a fine little ditty to inspire you in your work. I was about to give you a d6, but that'll be the full d10. So on this final roll, go ahead and-- what did you roll initially? All right, go. 18, okay. With that bit of inspiration going in your little Scanlan-based soundtrack-- -- you realize that some of the gears that were sticking, you recut them out, insert it, and like butter (shnk) it sticks out and retracts. So you have one grappling arrow completed. For material costs, it came to about 100 gold. Okay, okay. And you return to this temple, the same temple where you yourself were resurrected after falling to the treachery demon naught but eight months previous. Returning to that place, especially after your recent journey and near brushes with death again, is a very solemn experience, and there's a part of you that just feels internally cold, both returning there and because of your strangely fractured connection with Sarenrae since you delved into the Underdark and tapped into your darker side since traveling abroad on the ship. You take approximately six hours out of each day to just go in silent prayer and reach out to her. I will say, go ahead and make a wisdom check. At the end of your second six-hour period of intense-- SAM and -- intense communion with Sarenrae, sweat pouring down your body. The room itself is pretty cold, but for some reason your body is just growing more and more intense with heat. You feel yourself internalizing all of the steps and missteps that you've gone through over these past six or seven months, trying to find your path, rediscovering yourself and what you have to do to prevent yourself or any of your friends from falling to the fate that you once did, and explaining to her that your love never left and that this was all with the ultimate purpose of achieving her ultimate purpose as her instrument, and you wish not to cross that again, and if there's any way to redeem yourself, to let it be known to you. At the end of that period of time, you feel since you've lost that connection in the Underdark, that thread reconnect, the warmth fills you, and the sweat stops as your entire body seems to be humming with energy. For a brief second in your face, in your eyes, in your vision you can see the beautiful gold, gleaming, fire-wreathed head of Sarenrae smiling at you as she reaches down and touches the side of your cheek and says, "Be forthright. Be grand. Burn bright and beautiful, and I shall always be at your side." And with that, she releases your cheek and vanishes, the vision gone in the temple, and you can see two other clerics that were silent, muttering prayer, have gone quiet and are both staring at you with a look of like, 'what just happened.' You look down at your holy symbol, and that one giant fissure that had cracked has resealed itself. (all cheer) It's a cultural gnome thing, right? It's going okay. Who's this Liam guy? As you step out-- As you step out of the central chamber of the temple of Sarenrae, Vax has been waiting there for a while, wanted to actually ask for your aid in this. As you see her step out of the main chamber, Vax, she has a look of serenity in her face you haven't seen in quite some time. And he does. That's a 30? 30 points of healing. As you're saying this and you're stuttering this out, she goes into a singular trance, clutches her holy symbol with one hand, and reaches out and grabs your foot with the other. Her hand almost burns at the touch, something you instinctively pull back on, but her grip is like an iron vice and you cannot release yourself from it. And as she just intensely focuses forward, you can see this glowing divine energy transfer from down her forearm into your foot. Fear reaches you suddenly because you don't understand the divine, and though you've seen some crazy things, this is a little worrying. You've seen some shit. I want you to go ahead and make a medicine roll with advantage. The scent of Vicks VapoRub hits your system. 24. As she releases her grip on you, the energy fades, her eyes tend to come back into that natural, soft Pike image you're used to, and looking down at your foot, you can see any noticeable sign of scarring, damage is completely gone. Your foot is whole, intact. (cheering) Percy. How many-- you have time probably to attempt three arrows. Yes, you have, I know. I'm still keeping that in mind. Materials per arrow will cost 50 gold. So 150 gold for materials. You have your goggles on-- So coming off the high from making your grappling arrow, you sit down, you're alone in the middle of your workshop, it's hot in there, it's subterranean, you have the glow of your candlelight around you, you have your goggles on, your blacksmith leather gloves on, and you're tinkering with the delivery method of these small, concussive arrows. Go ahead and make your first roll. 18. With deftness, you rapidly complete the first arrow, wrapping up the powder charge, the impact point, and the arrow itself weighted to be fair and balanced to be flung from a longbow. Make your second roll. 15. Second arrow takes a little longer, but you still manage to keep the flow going, complete it fine. Third and final roll. Not only did you complete this in record time, but the arrow itself looks beautiful. It could be a display case item. You'll find out. But I would mark that arrow separately from the other two. Mark it as two exploding arrows and one exploding arrow with a star next to it. Ah, you've been to that party before. All right, any other business you guys wish to-- There are many taverns. The one you know the best is the Laughing Lamia, which you guys previously stayed at. It's pretty large, it's pretty large. Do you wish to do this via conversational persuasion or through intimidation? Because there are two ways you can go with this, Grog. So how are you doing this? Okay, make a persuasion roll. Sure. This is. Enchanted merkin plus two. All right. So as you burst in and shout this to the group, everyone stops and turns and looks... and then goes right back to drinking and their conversation. There appears to be no immediate reaction. Make an intimidation check. Oh, well that makes the difference. So in an unseen display, the goliath storms into the bar and makes no impact, yet the tiniest gnome jumps onto the table like a ravenous wolverine, frothing at the mouth, his wild eyes staring about the dark interior of the Laughing Lamia. All the patrons at the table around him, you can see, lean back in fear, caught off-guard by this entirely, one man holding a drink just drops it and you hear it shatter on the ground. Everyone gets quiet again, but stays quiet. Even the small band playing in the far corner, you hear like (gee-uh), a discordant sound as all instruments break to a halt, the dancer stops, the whole room is dead-silent. At which point a nearby halfling, you can see he's unkempt, farmer-tan looking fellow, looks up and he goes, "Um. No...?" At which point a hand claps your shoulder. You look over and there's a human there, a bearded older man in his 40s, his hair trimmed very very short, crew-cut almost. He's wearing what looks like a patchwork scalemail almost, like mostly leather but there's a lot of chunks of scales put around it and he looks scarred and weathered and he says, "I've traveled this land quite a bit and "I've heard there's roving bands of goliaths been attacking folks up north in trade routes. Haven't "seen any near Emon. Where occasionally you'd hear of the mountain-folks staying up north, it appears "they're getting brazen, wandering southward. Haven't seen them myself, but a friend of mine had "an encounter once. Lost half his traveling crew. Had to bury them out there. It was terrible." "Just in the Silvercoat Runway. The way south of Kraghammer, on the way to Westruun." "All right, I'll take that." And he goes over, walks with you to the bar, toss him a gold, he gets his ale, and, "You know, I've always shat on gnomes, but today I think you've represented "them well." All right, so. We'll say over the period of two days go by-- Grog, what's the percentage on your-- Go ahead and roll a percentile dice. It's two ten-siders. There should be one that has double-digits and one that has single. Yeah. 60, then roll another one. Right, well that was a 60 and then that was for the second digit, so you rolled a 60. All right, so, over the period of the next morning you wake up excited and check... smooth as a baby's bum. However, as the two-day period comes to an end, you guys acquire, early in the morning that morning as you finish your breakfast, a messenger comes to the front of Greyskull Keep and delivers a summons to the Council of Tal'Dorei that notifies you that the package has arrived at the Council. Very very quick, to the point words, not very verbose, in the idea of keeping it vague and secret, but you know what it means. So mark down that you spent two of four days of enchanting on that second earring, and you can get back to that if you manage to find yourself to some sort of a laboratory elsewhere, or you can return to your-- Allura? She might be in the Cloudtop District in her tower. You can inquire. No, she was just herself. She runs it herself. You got back, your item was completed. So he gives you the potion. "It was a curious endeavor, but I think you'll be happy with "the results." "Oh, stop it, flattery will get you everywhere." All right, so you've acquired your potion, it's a brackish purple color; it's a purple-grey. You go back to Karin and indeed the armor is completed. It's interesting, it makes Trinket look like a roly-poly, almost. It's these overlaid giant grey scales that overlap in armored sections and you would imagine, if you wanted-- could roll in a ball and she would look adorable. He would. But yeah, it's, the armor-- I don't know why I've got it in my head, I don't. You know what it is? It's because my bird I thought was a boy for the longest time, and we found out the bird was a girl, and so I got used to transitioning to she when I talk about animals since then. I apologize. Trinket is a boy. We'll try it if you want to? Bears aren't known for their rolling capabilities. Trinket's pushing about 800 pounds, probably. So the benefits of this. Trinket acquires an additional plus two to Trinket's armor class over his previous armor, which he gains from the bulette. That's fantastic. Also, Trinket has resistance against non-magical bludgeoning damage. So if anyone attempts to go after Trinket with a giant hammer or you know something that is bludgeon-type damage-- -- or a giant mace, anything. If I ever attack Trinket with something that seems bludgeoning and you say, ah-ah, is that bludgeoning? Call me on it and it could be reduced by half. Not as much. In theory, yeah. Hitting the wall, Trinket would be like, "All right." That's fish damage, it's a different arcane type of damage. Fire, lightning, fish, it's a whole thing. What the books are is you keep them with you, and if you wish to reference them while taking any sort of herbalism roll, they will essentially give you a momentary bonus to it. They will double your proficiency bonus for any rolls for herbalism or to harvest any pieces of a creature. So keep that in mind. Are you proficient in herbalism? Are you proficient in herbalism? Or medicine I guess it would be now, sorry. Herbalism is, sorry, that's old systems. We'll say nature, it'd be nature. I've run too many systems. Too many games. So we'll say, are you proficient in nature? So you double your proficiency bonus on any nature rolls to do either of those things. Keep that in mind. All right. So. You guys head to the Cloudtop District towards the palace in the center. You were about to say something, Orion? Do you want to talk to Allura while you're here, or not? Okay. It's nearly across the street from the palace. So you head to the ivory tower, you go ahead and you take the giant circular knocker on the door, hit it a couple times, eventually Allura comes, this time in what looks like more comfortable robes. She was caught off-guard. She has like a terry cloth or some sort of big fuzzy material, her hair's a bit in disarray. She opens the door. "Oh. Hello. Greetings, I'm sorry, I wasn't expecting company." At this point in time it's probably about, I'd say, 11 in the morning. Sure. Roughly, yeah. "Oh yes, yes, of course." "That should not be a problem. I was intending to complete the circle of teleportation "markings that I had promised you for your Keep in your absence. So." "I could do both while I'm there." "It would be my pleasure, Tiberius." A purple dandy, as it's called, it's like a star-like purple flower, projects itself from your hand. You hand it to her and you see she puts her hand in her face a second. "Thank you very much, "Tiberius, I appreciate it." She touches your shoulder, gives you a smile, and then, "Best of luck. Return safely. "There is-- you've been here too short to leave so soon, so don't stay long, please." Closes the door. All right. You guys make your way to the palace, back to the Council chambers where you met naught but two days before. The entire Council has not been summoned to this, it's just about half of the folks there. You see the actual sovereign Uriel is not present. The individuals that are there, however, Tofor Brotorus, the female dragonborn paladin, is present. Seeker Asum Emring is present. They are both in the room, and you notice this immediately as you walk into the green meeting chamber there are two envoys that you haven't previously met, two humans, one male and one female, dressed in silver and blue robes, waiting patiently with their hands behind their backs, and beside them on the ground you see what looks like a large cube about maybe two feet by two feet. It's smooth, like a chrome-like silver, the entire construct of the cube, with two chain-link handles on each side of the box. There is a very finely carved sapphire-inlaid patterned design all over this box. It looks very ornamental and like it was a painstaking process to craft. You gather immediately that this probably is the container which was sent for from Vasselheim. As you get closer, you notice the carvings almost have a snowflake-like pattern, it's very geometric and perpetual, almost a fractal that continues throughout the entirety of the outside of the box. It's very intricate and beautiful. As you step into the room, immediately Tofor stands up and says, "Ah. They have arrived. Good. I'm glad you all could make it. The envoys have arrived with "the container for the Horn. I believe they are eager and ready to take you as their guards to see "that this evil is rid of this land forever. Envoys." And she extends her hand. They both step forward. The man, young but very soft in voice and very stern and military almost. "Hello. I am Scalebearer Vorak. I come under the Platinum Dragon and will be escorted along with "you and our delivery." As he turns to the female who steps forward, she's older, probably in her forties, long fine hair, brown, that rests just past her shoulders. Her features are very very fine, you can see almost like there is elven blood in her but not completely, similar to your half-elf compatriots. She steps forward, her piercing green eyes hit the group immediately and she goes, "Hello. I am "Scalebearer Desona, also under the Platinum Dragon and will be escorting you on this mission." They both step back towards the box in a very ceremonial way. Everyone looks to the rest of you. They look about the rest of the group. "Vasselheim, to the northwest, in the region of Othanzia." "On the continent of Isilra. It's quite a ways." "Yes, a skyship is to be provided." They look at the Council, and the Council nods to themselves and you can see Seeker Emring steps forward. "Yes, yes, a skyship will be provided, waiting for you at the skyport here in the "Cloudtop District. We're just awaiting one more." As he says that, the door opens again, and you can see Lady Kima steps in. No longer in the gold armor that she had found-- scavenged from the interior, she's now dressed in proper silver and blue inlaid plate mail. She is wearing the same colors as the two envoys, you can see now the silver and blue theme of Bahamut is very much on display in this traveling crew. "Sorry I'm late, had to get "ready." "Thank you, thank you." "Well, I. Do we have--" She looks about the rest of the group with a look of somewhat kind of-- "Do we have the artifact?" The two Scalebearers reach over and both at the same time place their hands on the top of this chest. You can see their fingers slip into these small holes on the sides and they lift, and the box scrapes with this high-pitched metal-against-metal scraping sound, opening up a chamber on the inside. You can see the interior also has the same similar scrolling carvings and engraving on the inside of the box that you saw on the outside. There is a slight hum almost, like a slight vibrational sound coming from the inside of the box. Kima looks to you guys expectantly. "Shall we place the artifact in its container?" So it takes a moment. The use of Mage Hand in a Bag of Holding is a very meticulous process, because the Bag of Holding responds to the thought command of what you're reaching for the moment you reach in with your physical hand. Using it as an arcane tether it's almost like reaching through jello to get there, so you have to really concentrate to get it through. Eventually the Mage Hand takes hold of something. You feel the tingling of something weighty in the grasp of your arcane focus and as you lift out, there aloft you can see the dark, twisted Horn of Orcus. As it's removed, this is the first time the Council's really seen it at this point, and there's an audible leaving of breath in the room, everyone at its presence. It is already enchanted. To re-enchant it is a difficult process, plus enchanting anything would take time. It's essentially an Alarm spell, you could do it, but it would take probably half a day. Right, it's fine. I mean, if you had an Alarm spell at your disposal too, that would be what the enchantment's based. I don't know if you learned Alarm, did you? Yeah. So. That'd be a little different. Okay. As the Horn gets lowered into it, you can see the runes on the inside of the box begin to glow and come to life with this soft golden-yellow hue, and the Horn seems to be (sss) pulled into the box and held aloft in the center. Your Mage Hand no longer has any sway on it, it is locked in place, just in the center of the box, no seeming physical anything holding it. It's locked there. There's almost this creaking sound of air in there fighting between cold and hot, you can hear like, (creaking), there's a small physical battle between the temperatures as they take the lid and lift it over and seal it shut. The two Bearers lift the chains on the side and lift the box between the two of them. Kima looks about the rest of you. "So. Onward?" "Damn right. I haven't been back to my temple in quite some time. It will be good to see "Vord." "I don't know. I haven't taken a skyship in quite a while." All right. You guys make your way out of the palace towards the northwestern side of the Cloudtop District, and what you've seen is there is one thicker tower that is part of the wall that surrounds the Cloudtop District, what is essentially the bastion of defense for the inner part of the city. There are these small pillars that hold up the wall, there is one that's very thick, and you've seen only a couple of skyships travel to and from, you don't see them in use very often. Usually for very specific modes of travel or reasonings are these employed. But you can see this large tower that has a spiral staircase in the interior that occasionally lets out to these small windows across the entire length of it as it rises up hundreds of feet to the very top of the tower that surrounds this district. On the top you can see there is a platform that extends outward on both sides of the wall and you can just barely make out the top of what looks like some sort of construct there. As you make your way, following Kima up the long spiral staircase, eventually though it seems way too long to be traveling up a very thick spiral staircase, you come to what looks like a trapdoor, almost, like a wooden trapdoor. Kima (hrah) lifts it over (ting ting), you can hear it slap on the other side, some of the chains clinking against the stonework, and daylight comes careening into this spiral staircase. You all step out to the top and immediately are hit with the wind. This high up, there's definitely a breeze that blows through, your hair being tossed a bit. (laughter) You see roughly five individuals standing, all in gold and white armor of various types, and they are seemingly employees. They are currently standing, waiting for you. There is one individual that is more adorned in what looks like a captain's uniform, if you will, and above them, with a bunch of ropes hanging from the sides of it, you can see what looks like a large, beautifully crafted wooden ship that has golden scrolling, this beautiful elven-like golden scrolling across the entire underside of this wooden ship. You don't see propellers, you see what looks like two almost wing-like protrusions on the sides of it, almost like two fans that open up that are probably used to guide pitch. At the very front of it, you can see what looks to be in the center of the ship one large ten to 15 foot-wide blue crystal that is embedded in the front of the ship and on the back two more that are currently attached to the back side. These stones slowly rotate in place where they are, and you can see there's this slight hum of arcane energy that seems to emanate from them. You can immediately gather that these three blue stones are what holds the ship aloft. Silent and beautiful. As you guys begin to walk up towards this ship, looming about 15 or 20 feet in the air, the individuals in front of you all of a sudden glance over and notice, and the captain steps forward, reaches out his hand. "Hi. I'm glad you could finally make it. We've been waiting for a good 30 "minutes. I'm Captain Damon, I would like to welcome you aboard the skyship Deera. We are "traveling across the ocean, it's approximately a week's worth of travel. We have provisions "provided for you. Do you have any questions?" "Yes?" Deera. Sturdy shake. "No, but I'm willing to hear." "Oh, it's a pleasure to have you. Keep everything away from the sides." You guys are still on the platform, he hasn't led you up to the ship yet. Yeah. Yeah, you can do that. Okay, as you do that, "You really shouldn't do-- she shouldn't do that." "She really shouldn't do that, I don't--" Okay, as you're climbing up on the ledge, Grog comes over and goes, "Boo!" and shoves you and gives you a scare. At which point you can see the captain's like (panting). "If we could all please make our way to the ship, we will leave post-haste." He slowly facepalms and glances sidelong to you and goes, "A week. We have a week." "All right." You use your Prestidigitation to temporarily capture an image of yourself at the edge of the top of the tower. In doing so, the DM imposes disadvantage on your next two rolls. No, it's fine, it's fine. I just hate selfie sticks so much. I'll let it pass. It's temporary. You hear this loud whistle, this (wheee-ooo), and the captain you see is blowing on this loud metal whistle around his neck. "All aboard! On to the Deera, folks." And everyone starts climbing up the ropes that are underneath the ship. He looks at you with surprise, confusion, worry, shakes his head out of misunderstanding. "What?" "All right." He looks entirely side-blasted by that, he was not expecting that question. Nothing negative, just really confused. So as you all climb your way to the deck, you get on top of it and it is-- the whole deck has this strange, slow-floating sensation and once you're on the deck you can hear this crackling hum around the large blue stones holding it aloft. We will say (laughs) there are ways, and if you ask this question, how'd they get Trinket up, they go ahead-- I was going to say, no, the captain gets back on the ship, goes off to the side, and what you didn't notice on the far end of the platform there is like a large crane-like structure. They actually raise up Trinket in a small sling-like contraption. (worried bear noises) As Trinket's-- it was bad enough trying to fly when you guys were in the Underdark. Now just paddling in the air absentmindedly as the crane contraption brings Trinket back over and lowers him onto the deck of the airship Deera. Eventually releasing. Trinket's now on board and looks noticeably uncomfortable and is in the center of the ship sitting down. "All right. Everyone on board?" "All right. To your quarters underneath. We set out now to Vasselheim." He blows his whistle a second time. All the hands separate, most of them go underneath the deck. Yes, you can see now the two Scalebearers are carrying the box underneath, and on the deck you can see there are doorways that lead into various levels underneath the deck of the ship, there is a large cargo lattice section in the middle of the ship where they're putting larger things down below, there is the actual wheel of the ship is on the back end, on the elevated back end of the entire ship, and that's where the captains stands up to as the rest of the hands bring all the ropes up from the side. It's up to you guys. But as the ropes are brought up, everyone gives a thumbs-up on the sides, he reaches the front of the ship's wheel, you see he takes something from his neck and places it into the center of the wheel, at which point the three blue stones spark with additional life. The humming gets louder, the ship lurches for a second, and begins to lift upward with this slow, gradual sensation. All of you at once, your stomach gets that butterfly sensation for a second, at which point the captain leans forward, the actual wheel moves forward slightly, and the whole ship (whoosh) lurches forward, up and over Emon, and those of you who are on the deck, you can look below you over the side, you can see the entirety of Emon from above slowly drift away as the endless ocean of the Ozmit Sea comes towards you, clouds ahead, beginning your trek to the distant land. And you can, you can. You can see, it's a little blip from here and it's slowly vanishing, but you can definitely see it. All right, and on that note we'll go ahead and take our bathroom break real fast, take a bio rest. This will be about ten minutes, because I haven't actually eaten yet either, I haven't had time to eat the wonderful food that you guys provided. Thank you again for dinner. Chat bought us an amazing spread. Uh-oh, Overlords. He's got this, we'll see you guys in a moment. All right. Welcome back. We have eaten, we have had drinks, we have used the restroom, and now we return to adventure. While we were gone, I hear that there was a ridiculous thing that our wondrous Overlord put as a subscriber opportunity. If we somehow get to 4,000-- Okay, so if we get to 4,000 subs tonight, we're going to have Ify and people of the Vox Moronica crew, that did our quick little one-shot at the DM episode, create a rap and shoot a music video that will include us. That'll include us in it some way. If they get to 4,000-- -- subscribers, yeah, by the end of the show. I think the Overlord just threw down the gauntlet of Vox Moronica looking better than Vox Machina in the music video. I think we're underestimating how naturally ridiculous that crew is, so it is a good challenge. It's a tough call. Thank you kindly, my dear. DM presents are nice. It's delicious brandy, thank you. (sings) You want this cake? I want it! You want this cake? I want it. Sorry, a little internet there for you. All right folks. Welcome back. Let's get back into the swing of things. Quick reminder, every 50 subscribers we give out a signed player's handbook and a signed cast photo. We also have the shirts for sale on the Teespring. Soul Hunter keys have been going away, but for those who missed it earlier there's a new app out called Soul Hunters that I did some voices on and if you download the game and put in the promo code "criticalrole," one word, you get a free character that I voiced as well so check it out. Yeah, no, there's no more keys. It's just the promo code you can use now. All right, so. Returning back. You guys are now traversing the extended Ozmit Sea towards Othanzia upon the skyship Deera. I'd say, we'll start it about two days into the journey. Okay, you guys take time studying. We'll say you probably have a few more days of eight-hour days studying, going about eight to ten hours a day if you want to take in the reading books you got. Unfortunately, it doesn't work that way. Let me first double-check about the time process. Creating a scroll... Yes? (laughs) I mean, there's not like a saddle or anything. Yeah. It's built off the design of the original armor that you had customized so, yeah, that's still there. Yes, there is. You mean just crafting the jewelry element of it? You didn't bring any crafting tools with you for that. Crafting jewelry requires a specific set of tools. Yeah, unfortunately. When you touch down, you can try to find somebody in the vicinity. The journey, here, y'know. Yes? All right, not bad, not bad. For the time being, because I don't want to spend too much time with the internet watching me scan through the books to find the rules for scroll crafting. Well, yeah. I'll say for the time being, it'll take you about half a day to make the Polymorph scroll and the material components that are required for the spell putting into the actual scroll would run you about 300 gold, I'll say. Oh, 400 gold because it's a 4th-level spell isn't it? What level spell is Polymorph? Okay, 400 gold. I'm sure it'll be different later but whatever. They're on a ship so it's hard to get the materials. All right. All right. All right. He seems very focused on keeping the ship going. He does steer you around one thunderstorm that's rolling by and takes you on the wide angle around. It's very relaxing up here, a little cold. But it's relaxing. Let's say, the beginning of day three, as you all are resting underneath the hold, you're all shaken awake by a sudden lurching of the ship. It just shifts in such a heavy way that you aren't expecting it. All of you are pulled out of your stupor for a second and begin coming out of your individual rooms to check on each other and see what happened, but apparently the ship is or was-- some sort of a shuddering physicality to it. All right, so you rush straight to the box and as you go to open the door that leads to the boxes, you can see, in the room, is Kima and both of the Scalebearers are there, reaching for weapons as the door opens. They see you and relax for a second and Kima goes like, "What was that? What "was that?" "I have no idea." Okay, as you guys are rushing up along with Scanlan-- everyone else rushes up-- you come to the surface and you're just cresting into sunrise, like the sky itself is mostly dark on one side with the blue slowly leading into a bright orange-ish yellow to the other side as the morning light is starting to slowly crest over the horizon. As you get to the surface you immediately notice there are a handful of large, winged creatures that are currently harrying the side of the boat. As you step to the surface you see (shhw) one just dives past you real fast. You notice as one of them takes off in the distance-- it was just a blur of quick-moving wings-- it looks dragon-like in its physicality but it's smaller than any dragon you've encountered. It's flapping giant wings and lets out a screech as it takes off, but it looks like there's something on its back. You see two to three more of these now starting to divebomb. You can see the rest of the deckhands are up there now, with weapons ready, and are starting to fight some of these off. Go ahead and make a perception check. Good to know! 19. Glancing at the backs of these-- What did you say? 26. All right, between the two of you, you notice that even in this low-light circumstance, there appear to be on three of these winged, dragon-like creatures smallish, humanoid entities that are on small, almost leather strapped saddles that are put on the sides of this creature. They're clutching onto it and each one is carrying some sort of large, spear-like weapon. There is a fourth one in the distance that does not appear to be dragonoid. This one appears to be feather-covered in its physical form. Yes. Which, at this moment, we are going to roll initiative. You can. First, I want to place you guys. So you guys are coming up from below, so I would probably put you-- Oh, Liam. All righty, so. As you guys come up to the surface, you can see these three entities swooping around and dive-bombing the remainder of the guard and deckhands that are now, currently, have haphazard armor on and they're trying to strike at these things as they swing by. Let's go ahead and roll initiative, folks. So, we have 25 to 20? 22. Who else had their hand up? Okay, so 20. All right. 20 to 15? Hold on. 17, you said, Keyleth? All right. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Yeah. (laughs) All right. So, top of the round. Vex, you've got this. They're all pretty spread out now, yeah. They're all recouping from what looked like a coordinated attack, and you can see, there appears to be-- what you normally see are about four to five deckhands. There's only three up there right now with Captain Damon. They're either sleeping or not currently in the battle. From what you can tell, the dragon-like creatures-- which, as you get a better look at these moment, you know these. A large number of the Draconian army utilizes these as mounts. These are wyverns, and they are all in a ruddy, brown, brass-like coloration to their form. Best you can tell in this light. All right. Vex, what are you doing? Okay. All of them have a rider, it seems. Even the one with feathers. All right. Hunter's Mark. Hunter's ring. All right. Okay. What's the range of that? So whatever your weapon's range is. What's your weapon's range for your longbow? All right. How far are you going to run? That's as far as you can go with your movement. Yeah. It will help you out with that. All right, so the range of the longbow comes to 150-- yeah, you're fine. Yep, so roll for attack on him. 17 does hit. Yep. So you go ahead and roll damage for the spell at level three. Nice, so a total of 37? Nice! Is that a radial explosion? Good, so the rider itself also takes the damage. All right, so as you release the arrow, (ssch) it arcs through the air, and you see the wind itself is very strong at this point in the morning, but you still manage, thanks to your training and the magical nature of the arrow that you fire, strikes true, slamming into the side of this giant-- and you can see it now, flying, with this beaked eagle-like head. This is a griffon. You've seen them occasionally, usually wild, and you stay away from them. This one appears to be used and harnessed as a mount. However, the arrow slams into it and detonates with a spray of magical thorns. You can see it recoils back, giving this (screech) sound. All right. Great. (laughs) So that's your bonus action and your first attack. You get a second normal attack, too. No. 24 definitively hits. Against the griffon, as well? All right. Ten damage, all right. Got it. So as the griffon's reeling back and trying to flap away, a second arrow strikes it in its side. It screeches again in pain and begins to rise up over the actual area. Ooh, I get to use these again. I love it. All right. So that ends your turn. I believe you've moved and done everything else. All righty. You can move Trinket if you want, still. Okay, Trinket moves up to you, ready to guard angrily. Up in here? All right. That ends your turn. Next up, these guards all shift over to these three emplacements over here. You have large, defensive bolts that are locked into the sides of the ship and they go ahead and they reach over in the barrel and you can see they take one out, and each one of these giant bolts has a rope attached to the end of it, and they start loading it into it, pulling back to prepare it for an attack. It takes their entire turn to do that, but now they're at the ready to strike out against whatever they can manage to aim on. One on the front ship there, and one on each side there. That ends their turn. Vax, you're up. Correct. You are at disadvantage on these attacks because they are beyond your 20 foot dagger-throwing range. Is that how it works? (laughter) No, it hasn't, you have advantage, it cancels it out, so yes. That first strike is a critical hit on this wyvern right here. All right. All right. A 14 against the wyvern? Technically, that's another good question. Huh. Look at this. It's true, that's why I'm thinking probably, I'm pretty sure you can get advantage on... yeah, on attack rolls against any creatures not in combat yet, so yeah. All right, that definitely hits. All right. All right. The dagger strikes true, you are uncertain if it's had an effect unfortunately. At this distance, it's hard to tell its physical reaction to the impact. However, the dagger seems to be making definite damaged appearances to its physical exterior and you see it recoiling from the attacks and begins to once again fly up as well to try and get out of range. All right. That ends your turn. It's now the griffon's turn, griffon and the griffon rider. The griffon rider and the griffon are going to swoop down, half its movement, it's going to attempt to grapple against that guard. Who fails his check. Grabs-- Grabs this guard into its claws-- And then flies up and over this side-- And he's going to release it. He's going to attempt-- if you have something crazy. The guard misses-- or fails to hold on tight with his last reaction to try and grapple back. The guard, you watch as the griffon swoops down, grabs him, both of its claws and talons wrapping around his shoulders, lifting him up, and chucking him over the side, you hear him scream (ahhh) as he vanishes. You have no ropes immediately around you, you have to go to the side. You have nothing to tie it to at the moment. You have the pegs all on the side here where the ropes attach to, so you guys could do that. And with the last bit of the griffon's flight movement, that was then there. So there is the griffon's current position on its turn. That ends there. Tiberius and Grog both go. Okay, so one, two, three, four, five, six. That's as far as you can get there. Yeah. Go ahead and make your check plus five with your modifier. So the rider, which as you look over you can see appears to be small and halfling-like in physical form-- you reach over with your Telekinesis spell and concentrate. The entity that's gripping onto it and holding the spear all of a sudden gets lifted up and then flung off the side. Make-- I'll say for this one, make an animal handling roll. Okay. Good to know. Yeah. So this halfling or gnomish entity is now falling out of the air. That ends Tiberius's turn. Grog, what's up? The captain's right here. Yes, the back of the ship-- The guard got flung off the side, the captain's still out there holding on to the-- Okay. 40 feet is right there. Well, you raged as a bonus action, you could use your action to dash and go the rest of the distance, doubling your movement. Okay. Right there? It's another one of these ballistas. They've all been set, this one has been set to fire, just the person who was currently helming it got chucked off the side. There is a railing, it's about waist-high. Yeah, each one of these dots. Yeah? With your movement, you can get to there, unless you wanted to instead head over here and-- So instead of going further up that route, you go ahead and wrap the chain around there, sure. Chain around your wrist, you tangle it in with your Chain of Returning. You go ahead and take the chain and wrap it around the side of the peg and pull it taut. That's your turn. All right. That ends Grog's turn. Keyleth, you're up. All right. Oh yeah. You're within 25, 30 feet of him. Yeah. It's a wooden lattice basically, it's mostly covered. It's what they remove when they're putting large cargo in the ship. Yes, there's a rider on all of them. All right, so what's the DC on that? What's your DC on that? Your spell DC. Into what creature? Okay, so. So. (laughs) The wyvern turns into a bunny rabbit from underneath its rider and goes (squeak) and then plummets, the rider of which begins to fall as well-- -- immediately tossing a grappling hook as it falls. All right, that brings us-- So now the wyverns' turn. It's coming, guys, don't worry. This wyvern turns and dives down to catch its rider, lift it back up onto its back, but it uses its entire turn doing so. Wasted their turn on that element. You threw it off the side, and for the wyvern's turn immediately it dove down, caught the rider, and it helped it back onto its back, but that took its entire turn to do that. This wyvern is plummeting as a bunny rabbit now through the air. It's going to attempt to make its saving throw. Does Polymorph allow a saving throw every round if it's against its will? Yeah, so no. He's a falling bunny. That is going to be one dead wyvern. I will, don't worry. Yeah. Terminal velocity for a bunny rabbit. I have to consider this as a DM now. This is a thing in my existence. It's hard to tell, you cannot make any details-- You're so far above the ocean that you can barely make out any details of it, and what you can see is so fine in the distance you gather... you're a long, long way up. Exactly. So the grappling hook (woo tink) onto the side here. The rope swings, and this guy spends his turn getting up onto the side of the boat there and that's his turn. Next, this wyvern here is going to swoop down. As it does, its rider leaps off, landing right there. The wyvern comes over here and is going to make attacks on you. First it comes back with its bite. It has no arms, its arms are its wings, it has taloned feet. Comes down and bites at you with its giant toothy maw. That's going to be a 25 to hit with its bite. So you take 13 points of piercing damage. It's not going to use its claws, because instead, as it brings its claws up in a rearing position, its tail whips underneath it with this gnarled pointed stinger at you-- As you're the one that shot an exploding arrow at its friend. This is going to be-- that's a 20 to hit. Right, but that's with your-- That's with the plus two, yeah. So, for that... You take ten points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a DC 15 constitution saving throw, as the stinger at the end of its tail pierces you in the side of your torso. And as it does you can feel the venom pulse in the inside of your skin. Yeah. No? As the poison pulses through your system you feel your muscles seize up with this horrible, painful, burning sensation. You take... 26 points of poison damage. 26 points of poison damage. The individual that hopped off of it, now you can see is a halfling; dressed in dark leather, face is obscured, pulls a longbow out. And pulls out two arrows at once, pulls back and (tssk) releases them. One is going for you, Keyleth. The other is going for Trinket. That is a 22 versus you, Keyleth. And a 20 versus Trinket. All right. You take 12 points of piercing damage. Trinket takes five points of piercing damage. That ends their turn. All right, brings it to Percy. Right there? You're right here, so you're about-- roughly 45 feet from him. Okay. Against the doorway. At this wyvern here? All right. Hits. No. Fails that. All right. So that wyvern who is roughly about ten feet up, you shoot it in the wing (psh!). It blows a big old hole in the side of its leathery wing. As you do, the impact sends its wing arm crumbling behind it. It spins uncontrollably in the space and then plummets to the ground, on its back, just reaching and scrambling trying to get back up. So it's currently prone on the ground. No worries. All right. Scanlan, you're up. All right. Currently above the ocean, just near the edge of the boat. You know what, you could. Okay. Go ahead and make a check with your bonus. Right, right. So go ahead and roll and add five. 19... plus three. So the griffon, all of a sudden, there's this giant, shimmering Bigby's Hand. As you reach out, this gargantuan version of a Scanlan fist comes rocketing through the sky, the fingers unraveling, clutching the griffon. Its wings seemingly pulled up and crunched for a second as it is suddenly (shft) lifted. Its rider who is holding on to the reins in the front is now dangling, and going to attempt to try and hold on... and rolls a three. (cheering) Makes an acrobatics check and manages to reduce the damage and land on its feet, however it does still take nine points of falling damage. No, this actually seems a very lithe, elven-looking individual. Like very thin form, face and body all covered, appears to be female. From best you can tell, just from the physicality. Go for it. All right, you get a d10 inspiration dice for it, for your use. So that ends your turn. Pike, you're up. The full length of it? (laughs) This ship? This ship right here? Sure. Okay. I'd say it'd be about 130 feet in-- or 140 feet. 60 foot radius, you mean? A 60 foot radius for you would be... right here. Like this around you. Hallow? Okay. All righty. It takes-- look at the casting time on the spell. 24 hours. Hallow works, you take 24 hours and that land, where you do that, is like that until someone dispels it. Instead? This guy here? Oh, that one? Okay. You currently can't see him, unfortunately. That is down below the ship because it swooped down to pick up the guy who had fallen, so he is currently out of your view. What's the range on Guiding Bolt? Might be able to. Yeah, you can get him from there. All right. Make your ranged spell attack. Roll a d20, add that bonus. So in your confusion, you reach back to shoot the wyvern that's on the other side of the ship. It's not there, and so while the spell is releasing itself, you're like, "Crap! That one!" And by the time you turn around to redirect the divine energy blast, it arcs off in a random direction. You still have a bonus action. Yeah, you can still move. You haven't moved yet. With Sprinter's Boots, you can get there. Okay. You haven't used it yet, but you have one. She has it. You handed it to her, but she hasn't-- All right. Top of the round. Yeah. Oh, Pike. That's okay. Vex, you're up. Superior Healing Potion? That is-- wow, 8d4 plus eight. Yeah, it's a big old heal. She's drinking a potion that Pike just gave her. (laughs) Oh, d4. Correct, he is not threatening. All right. How far? Yeah, you can move around. All righty. Go ahead and roll for attack on that. Roll for the attack, yeah. There you go. 25, yeah. 15 points of damage to it? All right. So as you run around Grog, as you rush around his shoulder you grab one arrow, pull it back, nock it in your bow, and underneath his arm as he's reaching up with his axe, you release an arrow. As you release it into the air, it almost seems to spark with energy. Halfway to its mark, all of a sudden the speed it's traveling at increases, increases, increases, and you see energy begin to (crackle) off the front. It slams into the side of the griffon with a blast of energy and electricity surge through its body. The griffon loses about ten feet of height before it catches itself. You can see this giant burn mark on the side of its body. It's having a hard time keeping itself in the air. It's looking pretty rough. Okay. All right, so as you fire an arrow, Trinket turns around and comes forward. Go ahead and roll an attack for Trinket. You have before, it's been a while. A one is an auto-miss. So Trinket goes to attack, the wyvern's on the ground, it's screeching around, moving its body, its tail whips out and strikes Trinket in the side of the armor, almost piercing it with the poisonous stinger. Trinket instinctively-- Yeah. It's okay. It ricochets off the armor, but Trinket instinctively recoils from it and foregoes the attack to take a defensive stance. These weapons set up. Okay, go for it. This guard pulls back and aims the ballista up towards the griffon that's in the air, releases the bolt that streaks through the air. The bolt rushes past the griffon, unfortunately not finding purchase, the rope leading off into the distance. As he sees the rope, the entire giant bolt misses, curses and takes a dagger out and cuts the rope and it just disappears out over the side and he goes, spends the rest of his turn getting ready to prepare for a second shot. This one over here currently has the ready-to-fire bolt, has no means of doing so, instead draws a weapon and begins to rush over to try and join the fray with the wyvern over here, he can't quite get all the way over to fight it. That ends his turn. Vax, you're up. Yeah, you just can't see him. Okay, you have your boots of haste, so you can do this, because you have to go up the stairs here to get to the next level. Right there. All right, so now you're up on the-- All right. That hits. Oh, this is going to be nasty. Nice, 24 damage. Hits. 16 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Yeah. Technically all these attacks-- the creature is prone so you have advantage on these attacks too, by the way. Yes. Go ahead and roll a second one for this last one just on the off-chance it might critical. Okay, so then you're fine, all right. So damage on the last one? Eight, got you. All right, so as you rush around Trinket, you come up with your daggers, stab-stab-stab, you're jamming it in the side and you can see the dark black dragon blood spilling out of each wound as you're piercing it, it's screeching out and trying to get back to its feet in the process, but you just keep finding each opening and jamming in with your blades. (laughs) Trinket goes (bear noises) and rubs into them. The griffon is going to take its turn. 40. It's going to swoop down towards Keyleth. It's going to attempt to grapple you. Go ahead and make either an acrobatics or athletics check, your choice. 15? The griffon reaches down, (ksh ksh) grapples into you with each of its talons and lifts up, carrying you and it-- -- shoves you off the side. You begin to plummet off the side of the ship, you see it vanish above you. Tiberius and Grog. Which guy? This one here you can't see, it's like far below the ship because it dove down to catch its guy, it's not currently in visible range. Like, this is off the board, essentially, it's down below there. This is one of the riders that managed to just barely grapple on and pull itself to the top of the ship. This is the elven one who was on top of the griffon. It got dumped off by Scanlan. That's one of the ballistas at the front. It's ready to fire, it just hasn't been fired yet. Yeah. Okay. Go ahead and make your roll, d20 plus five. So you take-- the elf is down, pulling two blades out, is lifted up in the air and flung off to the side. The female form slams into the ballista from behind, setting it off. You see now the bolt just arcs off the side of the boat. The elf, which, it's currently grappled now and held against the side, takes seven points of impact damage from the full slamming attack. All right. The ballista was aimed this way. Ballista's already fired, though. I mean, you slam him into it and fire it off. Sorry. Yeah, you're getting into the swing of things. Grog, you're up. All right, make an attack. It's starting to get to its feet now. You still have advantage on it, by the way, remember, because it's still technically prone. Hits. Roll. So hit, critical, and... Hits. Hit, critical, hit. So for the first hit? Eight damage? Even with the bonus? A one, okay, so eight. Now your critical. Just roll it once and double the number. Add that plus at the end, so whatever you rolled-- You rolled a 19? So 12, that's 24 plus seven. So 31. All righty. Nice! So you just smack, smack, smack the giant axe, as with each arc backward you can see the blood spray just through the air, it's spattering part of the ship. It's screeching in pain, trying to reach around it for some sort of purchase. You leave gaping wounds in its side. It still seems to be ready to go. Pretty tough. Pretty tough, these wyverns. So Grog, you stay where you are? All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth, you are currently falling. Very serene. In my disappointing haste, I forgot to bring your elemental figures and I apologize. We'll use this, we'll put this around you. So this is you as an air elemental right there. So pretty. You're air. Sorry, guys, usually better about that. Today's been crazy. So you-- Now in your natural element, there is no fall, you stop yourself immediately. You're no more than maybe 20 feet below the bow of the ship. What's your flying speed? As an earth elemental? Your own terrain, 60? Yeah. So you can get up onto the bow and still have 40 feet to go. The griffon that just threw you off. That's a bad guy right there. That's a guard, that's what was riding-- Yes, a large. Okay. This form-- you guys have never seen this before. All of a sudden, this giant angry cluster of elemental energy, this wind, begins to (wind sounds) like angry eyes almost, based on the energy source within, begin swirling in this giant cyclone. Localized. Both the griffon being pulled into it as well as the other creature on the side. The effects of that? All right. The griffon does succeed. This wyvern-rider does not. Nice. All righty. All right. A random direction. Random direction. We'll say it's wherever the four is there. Four. Falls off and actually slams into the top of this-- -- this wing. It begins to slide off and is going to attempt to catch itself on the edge of the wing. Fails. (shouting) Is flung off the side and falls out of view. Damn, all right. You still have about 40 feet, or 30 feet of movement at this point. All right, so five damage? Okay. From the buffeting of the wind, griffon manages to keep itself in place. All right. That end your turn? All right. Now it's the wyvern and the wyvern-riders' turn. This wyvern gets up to its feet again, no longer prone. It's going to, after being stabbed repeatedly and axed repeatedly, it's going to angrily strike out... It's going to go ahead and make a bite attack and a stinger attack. Bite attack's going to be at you, Grog, stinger attack's going to be at Vax, since he's right behind him. Bite attack against you, Grog, is going to be a 22 to hit. All right. You go ahead and take-- That would be piercing. Yes you do. So you would take 14 points of damage. You take seven instead. Because you have too many hit points and don't like damage. Against-- that's a natural 20. Natural 20 on you, Vax. So I'm going to assume that hits. (laughs) So Vax, you take-- All right. So that is, you take 25 points of piercing damage from the stinger. He rolled a natural 20. Yeah. So you take 25 points of piercing damage, 25 points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. All right. So you take 29 points of poison damage as the stinger shoots out from the wyvern, pierces you in the abdomen, already stabbing through your guts, and you can feel it destroying a lot of your internal organs, and then all of a sudden there's a pulse of burning, fiery pain as the poison just disperses into your system as it pulls out of your torso. That's rough. That's that wyvern. The other wyvern is still plummeting as a bunny. No, you guys are a ways up. This wyvern swings up now with its rider. Does a fly-by here with its movement. Its rider, who's currently clutching a spear-type object, flings it down at the blue crystal. As it slams into the crystal, there's a spark of energy and the blue crystal seems to wink out of magical energy, its coloration growing dark. The entire ship begins to list to one side. Everyone shifts 15 feet this way. Yeah, on the stairway. Tiberius, I'm going to go ahead and have you roll an acrobatics check to try and catch yourself, because you're on the stairs when you get knocked off. So you fall prone, 15 feet there, on the ground. This guy's going to try to catch himself here. Catches himself. This elf here goes to there. This guy moves 15 feet to there. Keyleth isn't touched. Wyvern slides and catches itself off the edge. Pushed there. Pushed to the stairs. I need Grog and Vex to each make... Make a dexterity check to try and catch yourself on the edge of the boat. Both of you guys manage-- you're flung to the side, hit the railing, your bodies tumble over the side, and both Grog and Vex catch the railing and are now dangling on the side of the ship as it's listing to the side. You both look over at each other with a (sigh of relief). So that's his action. As the continuation of its movement, the wyvern comes down towards the now caught off his-- knocked away from the reins of the ship, is going to attempt to grapple the captain. Fails his roll. Is now grappled by the wyvern. Reaches the edge of the ship, it doesn't have enough movement to get him all the way off, but is in the process of dragging him off. You can see the captain is now reaching up, trying to fight his way off the wyvern who's dragging him off the edge of the ship, but that's as far as it can go with the rest of its movement, since it had to move up and over the edge of the ship. That's the end of its turn. I'm going to put it at about there. It happens. Dedicated little miniatures. All right. That brings us to... That's all their turns. Percy, you're up. The ship now (sliding sound), this weird object now is just like sparking energy at the edge of the blue crystal. Right there? Okay. 29 definitively hits. Which with a five it does not make. It drops 20 feet, slams into the deck. It isn't knocked prone, but the captain is slammed into the ground as well and is not currently being held over the edge of the ship. It still has him in its clutches, but he's not being dangled over the edge. Yeah. All right. Okay. 16, okay. That hits. Okay. Captain tumbles forward out of its grasp onto the side. He's prone, but he's no longer in the talons of the wyvern. Yeah, you have 15 more feet of movement when you get up from-- Well actually, you weren't knocked prone, you just slammed into the wall, so you're fine. Here? Okay. Are you serious? You did this. You did this, Zac. You guys are ridiculous. The Snugglelord outfit you're wearing tells me otherwise. All right, no worries. So Percy, well done, that's your turn. Scanlan, you're up. You still have your hand up, by the way. It's over in this area. You just took it and twisted him, so you can manage to-- Yeah. Well, I mean, your hand is over here where you grabbed it earlier. Over here? Yeah. No, that's just part of your action, so if you wanted to use the hand you could-- All right. Go ahead and make a roll and add five to it. 14. As the creature's slammed into the wall, the elf that's wrapped up currently is trying to get ready. It starts preparing itself to do a series of attacks, and your Bigby's Hand just blindsides it, sending it over the edge of the railing-- Does not catch the railing. These guys, I don't think they knew who was on that ship. (falling scream) Gets flung off the edge, unable to catch, and vanishes over the side of the ship. All right. Yeah, you can get him in the range. Just barely. All right, so go ahead and roll for him, it's 1d4 plus five I believe. Awesome. Ending Scanlan's turn. That was a rough round for them. Pike, you're up. No, it's concentration. Once you do Bigby's Hand, you have it for as long as you concentrate. Yes. All right. You're a war cleric, now. Okay. Okay, so what you do is you glance over at the bolts that are set up as part of the ballistae, and use that as a point of inspiration. You cast Spiritual Weapon and you can see, from the holy symbol, it glows at your chest and out of it this giant piercing bolt just seems to appear out of divine energy. Lifts itself aloft next to you, just hovering in the air. This guy? So as you see it there, you bring your hand up and then make a flinging motion. It spins, rotates, and then rockets off in the direction of this wyvern. Go ahead and roll an attack with your spell modifier. 18 definitely hits. All right, so for the bolt's damage in the speed of this, and given the flight, I would say roll 2d6 plus five damage. Total seven? All right. Aw. Okay, what higher level do you want to do it? All right. It was 2d6-- well what does the damage say on there normally? What's the damage it says on there. And what level is it normally? It's a two, so you're casting it at fourth level. Which means you roll an additional 1d8. What's that? 15 total, nice. I would say given the fact that it's a ranged bolt, it would be-- is it normally just 1d8 for the damage it deals? I made it 2d6 because it's a larger weapon and you're using it as a bolt. So it did more damage circumstantially than it normally would. You're fine. All right, so that ends Pike's turn. Brings us up to the top. Vex. You're like on the side right now. You're in theory prone on the side of the ship but you're not falling. Well no, you use half your movement to get back onto the ship. All right. So she uses you as a footstool and flips over, lands on top of the ship, totally fine. Yeah, yeah. All right. So you reach in and there's-- So you move it over. It's there, Hunter's Mark is there, we're fine. All right. Go ahead and roll for the attack as you pull back the grappling arrow. 26 definitely hits. All right. So roll damage. It's actually-- for the grappling arrow it's going to be 1d6 damage for it. It's not quite as designed to pierce more than it's more of a bludgeoning hit. Plus your-- Yeah. So 13 damage to the rider, all right. All right. And so as the arrow hits, it pierces the shoulder for a second, it causes it to push off the shoulder as it retracts behind it. You pull back and it catches the shoulder. You're yanking? All right, go ahead and make an athletics check. 23. So using the inspiration that Scanlan had given you, you grab the arrow and yank with all your might. The tiny halfling form on there clutches for dear life onto the harness that is on top of this wyvern, but it's not enough as its fingers are pulled from its grip and it's yanked off the front, toppling ass over teakettle, landing prone on the ground next to the captain that it attempted to fling from the side of the ship. Grappling hook partially embedded in the back of its shoulder blade. You are, yes. All right. That would be your action, yeah. That whole process. (laughs) All right. This guard comes over here, returns to his base where he had set up. The griffon is right there in front of him. He gets the bolt that's been set up there, aims it up, and is going to fire almost point-blank into the griffon as it turns around. That's a natural 20. (cheering) And 2d6, double sixes. So as the guard turns around and releases the bolt, the griffon is flying up over the edge of the ship, getting away from the buffeting winds of the druid. As it turns around, a bolt just pierces its chest, the sheer impact sending it flying backward as it screeches, plummets off the side of the ship to slowly find itself to its doom in the watery grave below in the ocean. Next to a tiny rabbit. That griffon took a bolt to its chest, that is nasty. All right. This other guard is going to-- Yes. One track is having problems with audio, apparently. I'll fix it later. I know. By the way, we have some great audio tracks that some fans have sent that I'm going to be incorporating into our playlist soon. So if any of you guys are musicians and you want to create music for the show, feel free to send it to us. You know, atmospheric, not too dynamic, you've heard the types we have on here, so in that realm, please send it. All right. Vax, you're up. Right there? He is only ten, 11 feet from you. All right. No, you do not have advantage. It is flying. That hits. That hits. That hits. Ten damage, all right. So as you just manage to catch yourself on the edge of the ship as it's listing. From this angle, the wyvern that pushed off the side is now flapping its wings and preparing its claws to go for another dive attack. You reach back and your daggers, which have returned to your belt, you fling all three as they spiral through the air. First one strikes its torso, the second one hits it in the neck, and as it rears up, looking at you angrily with its fangs bared like it's now changed its direction towards you, the final one hits it in the head. Plummets backward. All right. Vax, do you want to move, are you good there? Nobody over here. No, there is-- One of the bandits is still there on the side of the ship. All right, go for it. Technically it's an action to drink it, but it's fine, I'll let you do it. Okay. With Haste, you get there easily. Keyleth, who is just a buffeting wind cyclone. Tiberius, you're up. Get up to your feet, yep. The entire ship is right here listing on the side. Okay. All right. Go ahead and make a roll. 22. Okay. Go ahead and roll 3d6 points of damage. You don't manage to tear the wing off, but you do manage to pull its flesh, and you can see you've caused the joint where it's attached now tearing open, revealing bone and fleshy tissue beneath. It's tearing open. Just so you're aware, Telekinesis is a concentration spell, you don't have to keep recasting it. Yeah. Just letting you know. Okay. I mean, no no. To do the daggers you would have to cast it again, the sorcerer points give you another action. All right. But it wouldn't use another expenditure, yeah. Normally you can just concentrate each round, do an action with it, so. All right, so you just fling all the daggers at it? Okay. I'll say, go ahead and make four spell attack rolls. So roll a d20, adding your spell attack modifier. Yeah. So whatever your spell attack modifier is. Yeah. Yeah. Right, well, your bonus is, it's your proficiency modifier plus your stat modifier, which is your charisma, which is five, and your proficiency, which is four. So it would be nine. That's okay, they all still hit. So go ahead and roll 4d4 plus 20. As each dagger is now being jammed into the creature's open wound through the power of your telekinetic force. 20, total of 28. Takes plus five to each, so 28 points of damage. As its wing is being torn apart, the daggers do streak through, many of which are missing its form as you're just flinging them all at it, and then as they go straight past it, you turn the Telekinesis back and you yank them back through. As they tear through, you see most of the wing is torn open and the flesh is now just exposed to the air, the wind's buffeting it around. It's looking extremely rough and is beginning-- it's on the ground currently, but it looks like it's not going to be able to fly right now. It is completely incapable of flight with the way you damaged the wing. All right. Grog. Okay, so that's half your movement, you still have 20 feet of movement. All right. He is ten feet up, so you're going to have to make a couple-- two athletics checks to leap up towards him in your rage. All right, and the second one? All right. Like a lumbering barbarian, you get up on the thing and then just Hulk-jump twice, landing next to it, as-- All right. Make another athletics check to try and grapple him. Does it give you bonuses, or advantage on strength checks? Yeah, you would. So yeah, you would have an advantage on this. 24. All right. So as you stand there with your axe up, you set the axe down, reach out and grab the halfling, who you see has this scarred face and it looks really haggard for a halfling. Its existence is not in the most comfortable places, especially to be out in the middle of the ocean like this. You grab it and for a moment its anger, seething, turns to sudden fear as it looks over the side. And just goes plummeting off the side. All right. Keyleth. Currently. Still listing, yeah. Yeah, it's still on the side, and it's slowly rotating as there's nobody at the helm. Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check using the air elemental's strength. Using all the force of your elemental air, you push and push, but this ship is extremely heavy, and this side of it, all the weight, because the two other sides are given essentially an anti-gravity force from the arcane, all the weight is being pushed into this one corner. Outside of a natural 20, you would not be able to help this at all, unfortunately. You never know, that could have been really epic! That could've been really epic. Yeah you do. It's okay. You essentially one-shotted a wyvern. LAURA and You bunny-one-shotted a wyvern. I know. No, I just wanted to bring it up again. I just wanted to bring it up again, because I think it's the most ridiculous death to a wyvern ever. Okay. This wyvern, looking at the circumstance, takes off. Tries to fly and can't. No, because its wing is messed up from Tiberius, so it steps around to the only thing it can reach, which is you, Scanlan. Coming at you with a bite and its stinger again, because it can't use its claws. That is a-- Okay, against which attack? Against which attack? He has a bite and a stinger. The bite is a 22 to hit. All right. You take 14 points of piercing damage. Its entire mouth just opens up and clamps down onto your shoulder and torso. As it's holding you in place, you try and pull back as its tail whips towards you. Go ahead and make your roll. Roll a d10, and that's whatever the attack is reduced by. d10. That's ten. All right. So it rolled a 24 to hit. To 14. Oh, snap. Well, fair enough. So, as it's clamping down on you, its tail whips in the air-- what words are you going to throw? The wyvern, who is still clamped down on your body, its one eye opens up and goes, you hear an audible (hruh?). And as its tail swings towards you, it just hits the ground next to you, slamming into the wood. Entirely distracted by your sudden lack of fear and display of beautiful musical voice. Misses you. That ends its turn. Percy, you're up. All right, go for it. Ten? Total ten? Nope. That hits. You only get two attacks, though. Oh, you mean you're using your action surge? Okay. So you get four attacks. That's two hits. All righty. How do you want to do this? (cheering) So with each successive blast, even the ones that don't immediately impact, the first blast hits and explodes across its shoulder joint, as you see the rest of the flesh that Tiberius had already weakened gets severed entirely, the wing flung off the side of the ship and disappearing in the wind beneath. As it rears back in pain, the second one hits its side, the third one strikes it on the other wing, and as it rears back in pain, its mouth open to the sky in this screeching death-rattle, the final blast hits it under the chin, leaving a gaping hole under its neck as it steps back and then tumbles off the edge of the ship, vanishing below. You are under the ship currently, you see the wyvern (whoosh) below. You dive for it. Go ahead and make an athletics check. You try to grab it, but your air form doesn't have quite, and it just swoops through-- -- and disappears towards the ocean below. As the captain gets up, the other halfling, which you can see is dressed in ragged robes, and has cloth wrapped across its face. The guards are there with their weapons drawn. You can-- currently there is still the spear that's jammed in the side that's sparking, causing the whole ship to list. Yeah, as you swing up you go ahead and manage to, as your air elemental form, pull the strange thing off the edge of the ship, at which point the blue stone comes back online and the ship rights itself. Now you know. All right. So. This halfling is currently on the side right now, the one guard holding it. Who's going downstairs? So you went over to the halfling. What do you want to do? All right. Roll an intimidation check with advantage because of Tiberius's-- On both rolls? Oh, got you, okay. All right, so the halfling, which you now look, appears to be female. The cloth drops from its face. You can see the teeth are broken and rotted. This is not a city-going folk. "Please, please don't, just let me live. Let me live." "Guh! Stop it, stop it!" Starts crying in your grasp. "What was the question again?" "We live in an island below. We usually just hit ships that come through this channel, this "pass. Pirating, if you will. Take money, things that we can, and run. Usually it's just quick hits "and go. We couldn't pass up the opportunity. We managed to acquire a few things to help, and we've "only harried one other skyship. Once we saw you, we knew there had to be some sort of riches "involved." Extremely scared, extremely honest, in a mode of trying to stay alive at this point in time. "No, no, haven't been to a city in years. I told you, we have an island below, it's a cavern "we live in. We just come up and out to grab what we can to survive." Captain Damon, who's gone back to the ship to try and get it back on course, is currently turning it around. "To be perfectly honest, I usually throw them overboard. But if you see--" (screams) You do. As the rope's going (unraveling rope)-- Currently, yes. As you look over-- actually, let me-- Yes. In a very painful way she is currently held by her shoulder blade, which now has-- It hurt pretty bad. You pull her up. She's bleeding out and is looking pretty rough. She's on one knee, going, "Anything." "Anything. Just don't drop me." Looking over at Grog again. "Don't drop me." "Don't drop me." "Teera." "I don't know." LAURA AND She looks in her maybe twenties or thirties? Up close you can see, just a harsh life in the harsh elements. She looks older than she is, but there's a youthfulness to her. There are a few rusty hidden blades and a coin purse that contains four gold. All right. "All right. All right." And she slinks over towards the doorways that lead into the lower part of the deck. As you guys lead Teera in, the captain has regained control of the ship, and you guys head in to check in on the room where the-- The door opens and they're still sitting in the back by the box with their weapons at the ready and Kima looks at the door. "Is everything all right?" "Good." And she's rubbing her head. You can see there's a little trickle of blood on her head, apparently when the ship listed, they all slipped in the room as well. "Ah, it's fine." She reaches up and touches her head, you can see there's a slight warm glow of divine energy and the blood flow stops. "Nothing, nothing, I've kept a very close watch." "Very well." Okay. As she's going inside, she watches her form-- She sounds tickled and scared at the same time. But the clothing cleans up. It's still tattered, and she looks a little cleaner. Most of the dirt's gone, but she still looks weathered, her skin's darker from a lot of sun. Ah. That's taken care of. She looks to you. "Thanks." All right. We'll say as you guys all head back underneath the ship to go ahead and right yourselves for the remainder of the journey, we'll call the game for the evening there. You guys handled that pretty damn well. Yeah, they had no idea you were a druid. You were the closest one to the griffons.