And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Tonight's gonna be a fun one. But before we jump into it-- I don't know. We ended on an interesting note. Yeah. It's weird. (heartbeat noise) But before we get to that, let's go ahead and get to our opening announcements. First and foremost, our glorious returning sponsor for the evening, our friends at Loot Crate! Fantastic, awesome people. Sam, is there something you want to talk about? He's still got more Coke. 11! If there was ever a moment in our show that will be giffed and show up on GIPHY, that's it right there. Thank you, Sam. And thank you, Loot Crate, for your fantastic sponsorship. Yeah. I feel like that's an opening act to Gaga's next tour. Consider us challenged and uncomfortable. Thank you Sam. All right. It's the only way to be sure. All right, so last week we mentioned this, I wanna tell you guys again thanks to Qualcomm, Lionsgate, and their new VR experience, and the new upcoming Power Rangers movie, our friends at Nerdist are doing a circumstance where you can win a paid trip to LA to attend the movie premiere of Power Rangers as well as Google Pixel phones and Daydream headsets. It only has one more day, and they wanted to make sure we would let you guys know this for the last day they have going, so be sure to go to nerdist.com/powerrangersgiveaway to learn more about this and enter to win if this sounds like an awesome thing to you. If one of you guys wins, that's great, 'cause then we have just more and more of our community winning everything, which is kind of our long-term plan, so. Check it out. Next up. Merch. Laura, do we have any updates on that? Quick, drink the Coke! Ten, nine, eight, seven-- Oh, god! My hair went (whoosh). Marisha, you were saying? And the charity stream is benefiting 826LA. Our friends there since the beginning. So looking forward to that. Exactly. And tomorrow at noon Pacific Time, me and Darren De Paul are gonna be guesting on Eric's TBD RPG, the Doctor Who RPG, from noon to 3PM tomorrow Pacific, and then-- OFF- And. (all laugh) Okay, that's a good call. And it looks like we'll also be continuing that game on Saturday before the Mansions of Madness stream, from 11-1. So I'll be here for five hours. Again. On Saturday. But it's gonna be a lot of fun, looking forward to it, I'm excited to go guest on there and play for a little bit, so hopefully see you guys tomorrow and Saturday. Let's see. Laura, now that you're-- Hi. Good, how're you doing? Moving on. The new Signal Boost came out, with Jason Charles Miller as the host, our friend who played Garthok for his temporary run during the initial Conclave attack. Yes. And he is-- He did our theme music for the show, here, he's a very talented musician. And a good friend of the show. And you can see his new run on Signal Boost this week. New GM Tips is out today. My second-to-last on the run at this time. This episode is more for the players, and deals with creating and running characters that are against the normal tropes and the type that people generally fall into when creating a new character in an RPG. So go check it out, see if any of it seems to resonate. Took you a while to figure it out, Taliesin. But I'm glad you finally did. Also, Wednesday Club, Taliesin? Doctor Strange. Also, don't forget we have Talks Machina live on Tuesday nights. (all cheer) So Chris, thank you, tremendously, from all of us, but mostly me and Marisha. (all laugh) That is absolutely brilliant, and undeserved and very happy to find a very wonderful place in our home to fill it with awesome nerdy shit. Thank you guys. All right, I think that's the end of our announcements. That being the case. Let's jump in-- -- to tonight's episode-- -- of Critical Role. (all cheer) [opening credits] It's for the best, I think. However, drew the attention of the kraken, and a very, very intense battle ensued, in which most of you managed to escape by the skin of your teeth, however, in the battle, Vax did fall, his body left cold and lifeless beneath the waters. In a last-minute urge of leadership, Keyleth reached out, grabbed the twins, and Planeshifted back into the prime material plane, with Percival, Taryon, and Grog looking to escape. You managed to be vomited up with, apparently, almost no hit points left, and jumped through the portal while flicking off the kraken as-- And that was where we left off. So. Before we get into this-- Vax. As you feel the cold waters rush around you, and your vision go dark, even as the unconsciousness takes you, your vision narrows and tunnels until it's just nothing. And while you were floating before, the cold temperature begins to become warm. It's a familiar warmth. And as opposed to being in water, there is no resistance, you are just in a dark space. You can look down, and you can now see your hands. And you recall, and you remember this. You've been here before. This is very reminiscent of your first journey into the blood pool, your first true communion with the Raven Queen. And the moment you make that realization, as you're looking at your hands, you watch as something dull and white arises from the darkness below you, and you look down and see the massive porcelain mask of the Raven Queen emerge from the shadows, tendrils of darkness spilling off the edges and the corners. As you watch the stone face of the Raven Queen rise up to meet yours, what seemed immense suddenly seems small. And as the shadow pulls away, you can see the tumbles of jet-black hair falling past the shoulders, the long, raven-feather-woven-- [no audio] The other guardians, half merfolk, half various individuals, rush forward and begin stabbing at it, as it begins to get its beak snapping right at the interior of this portal. You see it starting to flex and the energy beginning to pulse, it's almost trying and force its way through a much smaller opening. Percival, Grog, Taryon, what are you guys doing? You all are still underwater, yes. The guardians right now are just shouting and screaming and stabbing at the tentacle. Yeah, the guard's like, "Argh! Quick! Push it back!" They're all stabbing it. The one tentacle finally snaps and withdraws inside. The mouth pulls back, and now the whole body shifts over, and you see the one giant eye from one side of the kraken come peering through-- Okay, go ahead and make an attack. Reckless. Okay, so you had disadvantage underwater, so it's just one roll. That'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage. You're throwing it. (music flares up) This connector's a little wonky. You are, yes. 25. Whack! As you release the hammer, it goes Thor-style just head-first, piercing through the water, and (impact sound) into the open eye of the kraken as it slams shut. You hear the (groan) as it reels back and the voice pierces through the rift towards you and most of the people in the vicinity one more time, saying, "I'm coming soon enough." And as it pulls back, the remainder of the guardians go ahead and reach over, each putting hands on the lodestones, and shift them slightly in place, and you watch as the rift crackles and then doesn't slam entirely shut, but the image you had of the water elemental plane suddenly grows a little more opaque and difficult to make out the discerning details. Yeah, your hammer does return. So, as you're carrying the-- which you were-- Yes. Yes. So, conscious, horribly beaten. It seems that the kraken has been beaten back, and currently the lode-stones are utilized to keep the rift in check. You're uncertain as to whether or not the threat of the kraken was an idle threat or whatever else it has planned, but regardless, that's the least of your worries. It would've been-- It would've been primarily to you, Grog, and some of the other guardians nearby. As soon as you've had this conversation, you turn and look to the left and you see Durent there who is waiting and goes, "Where is the rest of them? Where's the rest? Where's Keyleth?" "Well, let's hope that they know where they're going, at the very least. "Any idea where they went?" "Aye, aye, all right, follow me, follow me." And he starts leading the swimming cavalcade of individuals that are leading you up to the top of Vesrah. Back up through the Aerie of Torrent, through the various tubes and tunnels of the reef that leads towards the surface of the Ozmit Sea. Simultaneously, Keyleth, Vex, and the lifeless body of Vax, you apparate roughly ten feet above the surface of the water on the outskirts of Vesrah. Tumble a bit, and splash into the foot-and-a-half shallow waters on the outskirts. As you all get up for a minute and think about your circumstance. Vex, you look down and you see your brother, face-down in the water, floating. Okay, so using the stats of a giant eagle but you're going into a raven-type form. Okay. Okay. And what're you doing? Well, the portal is beneath the city. There is the central chamber in the middle of the city, which is where it seemed the base of where the social gatherings seemed to occur. And the centerpiece was where Uvenda and many of the other keepers of the city seemed to frequent. Okay. So you watch as the giant raven takes off. Okay, so you're holding onto her. Okay, I see. I got you. Okay so you climb onto the back of the giant raven, clutching your brother in one arm, and as the wings pick up, you use all the might that you have to just hold on. You're used to flying under your own power usually, not somebody else's. But as the wings take off, the sea breeze, thankfully, is not too heavy that day. And as you coast in, coming down, dodging between the various buildings heading towards the central risen chamber. You watch as the upper, third-tier level of this, there's a single chamber that is open and the outside wall is a series of pillars that makes up the structure. On the inside, you can see it dips down into three different sunken platforms, and in the center there are a handful of small statues, there's incense being burned, and what looks to be a small altar of some kind. There are four figures there inside, all dressed in similar blues and greens, aquas and whites, most of them are just long robes with dangling shell-based jewelry, and various smoothed-off stones that have been found tossed and rounded by the elements through the years. And in the center of the chamber, in the process of lighting a few of these, you're not quite sure of the material, but they appear to be candles, as you see they're being lit like candles. You see Uvenda is walking with her staff, taking this long burning tube, and is currently setting them alight as you approach. As the wings of the raven begin to prepare for landing, the wind kicks up in front and you see some of the other guardians put their arm up and look up curiously. Some of them reaching back and preparing for whatever may be there. Uvenda's voice however rings out across the center of this chamber and says, "Stop! Stop. I know this one who approaches." And as they all slowly back up, Uvenda stumbles upward, sets aside her small hand-based wick to one of the servants and approaches the raven as you begin to slink off the side of the bird. "We do have some here of a healing-based nature. Yes. Has he been hurt?" She slowly approaches and reaches over and puts her hand on the forehead of Vax's corpse. Runs her thumb along the cold skin. "Indeed. The kraken claims another." "The power that is at our disposal could perhaps bring him back, though his form may be "different than you recall." All right. The feathers scatter off as Keyleth is now returned to her half-elf image. "I have not a means of travel, but we could reach out to someone." "All right." And she walks back to the altar, and you can see where there are a series of these statues. There's four of them in the center and there's one large statue in the center. And the center statue, it looks almost like long-petrified reef. It's white, it's porous, it looks like the long-dead reef. But it seems to swirl into a tree-like shape. It's this weird merging of sea and forest-based imagery, and as each various portion of the tree outstretches, you see various baubles are hanging from it. You see stones, necklaces, notes. Uvenda sets her staff to the side and her small, slightly arched form begins to slowly crawl up the side of the tree, and it looks a bit physically arduous for her but nobody offers to help. You see that this is something that she's done often and is part of her job as the guardian here in Vesrah. With the distance of the earpiece, you can hear them. Yes. As you're finishing the statement, you watch as Uvenda is climbing down with one hand and has something cradled in her left arm as she's like (grunts), almost slips for a minute and sets herself down back on both her feet and rubs her lower back. "You'll get there one day." And she unfurls her arm, and you can see there's a conch shell. A small conch shell, but a conch shell. And she goes, "Whoever you're wishing to speak to, think of them and whisper it into the shell." "She'll hear you. It's up to her whether or not she can act." And she hands the conch over to one of the assistants, takes her staff back up. "Now, we offer the service still, should you not "hear anything. We are more than willing to try and restore him to whatever form we can." Okay, so the scattered remnants of your transformation, the raven feathers that were shunted from your form, you begin to form into a bed-like place to set his body on. Okay. While you guys are doing that, Durent finally breaks the surface of the water, where you were originally brought down into the Aerie of Torrent. And after you've all hit the surface and breathed out, the bright midday sun is coming down, the smell of sea air hits you. You hear the distant cawing of various ocean shore birds. It's a welcome change of pace from the murky depths of the water elemental plane you've been facing for the past few moments. As soon as you emerge, Durent steps up onto the sand, turns around, shakes and brushes his hair off. "All right. Well, that's the end of "my watch. I don't know what to do." "Healers?" And he points over to the large ascending central structure in Vesrah. The one above where you guys had dinner the night before. "That's your best bet there. That's where Uvenda "is, at least. She can help you more than I do. I spend most of my time on the outskirts, "or down below." "Oh, understood." "Hope everything's okay." And he gives you a nod and steps over to the side and watches as you guys go, as he retrieves one of his Waverunner sailing boards, and watches with a look of intensity and worry on his brow, as his dark dwarven complexion vanishes in the distance. You guys approaching, rushing in towards the center of the city. As you begin to approach, you watch as Doty, who's been waiting patiently off to the side, comes up to you and is holding the book out, and starts thumbing through page after page after page. He goes past about 25 different pages, in very very tiny script, that goes into detail about the tides going in, each person that went in and out of the water, anything he saw in the further distance, various birds from the sky. He does have a few spatterings of white bird excrement across the top of his armor. He seems as proud as an automaton could. He sweeps you up in a full-on princess carry, and begins running after Percival and Grog, towards the center of Vesrah. You guys reach the base of this. There are all the open stone pavilions, the central gathering areas, where you now see people starting to look up curiously, coming out of their various homes and places, noticing all this commotion happening on the top of the temple. You watch as there is a spattering of dark feathers up the top. And you guys begin to ascend one of the two spiral staircases that ascends to the upper level of the temple. Eventually you guys come to the surface, you're immediately greeted by one of the guards who is on guard currently with one of their spears. And upon recognizing you, he kind of steps aside and lets you in, and that's where you guys watch as Keyleth and Vex are laying Vax down onto a kind of makeshift bed of black feathers. You're there. You're still in Doty's arms. Uvenda at this point is starting to gather some of the servants and they're starting to take down certain baubles and trinkets from the tree branches and setting them in a vicinity around, and as she does so she's like, "These represent protection of the waves." They take some small salts and kind of scatter them around. They're doing the best they can from a ceremonial standpoint to at least prepare a space. About 15 tense moments pass, as you all look out to the horizon, the sun now moving past its zenith and pushing into the afternoon portion of the day. The air is growing a little more hot. You find both the nerves, the stress, and the temperature of the room, all the light from the sun being reflected off the white stone, causing this kind of heated element of the interior and you instinctually begin to sweat and it's getting slightly uncomfortable. There is what sounds like a distant rumble of thunder. You're not sure. It just sort of seemed directionless. You guys all notice each other reacting to the sound and suddenly it happens again, but this time much closer. Uvenda's looking a bit awkwardly in the-- "Normal? No. But let us be cautious." As she takes her staff, her little elderly gnomish form kind of clutching it in front of her in a defensive standpoint. No. It all happened very rapidly. The rest has been the 15 minutes of kind of waiting to hear if anything happened. As soon as you start darting to leave, Percival, that rolling thunder sound hits with a small thunder crack. Right in the room there's a flash of light, there's a spiral burst of what looks like a white-orange flame. And there you see, dropped from about ten feet in the air, the golden astral form of Pike with her extended Sarenrae wings that slowly retract and vanish from the form. As your gnomish friend kind of looks up, her mostly corporeal form. Eyes wide, glancing up at the rest of you. Ashley, if you want to come in. (all cheer) So Pike, the message came to you and you immediately went into a frenzy. You were in the process of carrying a bunch of food along with other volunteers within Emon, getting it to some of the folks that lost their homes. And when the voice of Keyleth hit your ears, you immediately dropped what you were holding. You found somebody to help to continue to lead this effort, and immediately rushed off to find the nearest temple of Sarenrae in Emon. Which still stands, slightly damaged, but it's still one of the buildings of the temple district that's fine. There, you sat in quiet prayer for a number of minutes just imploring to Sarenrae to offer you some sort of guidance or way. And you felt something around you shift, like a push, someone just kind of pushed you in the shoulders. And as your eyes opened, you weren't in the temple anymore. You were above a floor in a brighter, sunlit, unfamiliar place. And as you land and caught yourself, you can see-- You are in your astral form, much like in the Whitestone experience. And you turn around and see, surrounding you in the center of this open-air chamber in the center of this expansive ocean, your friends, their eyes locking to you with a look of sudden joy and despair mingled. Make an investigation check. 22. I mean, most of the runic symbols and designs on here aren't formulated in a sentence structure or language. You do see the roots of them. Some of them are Draconic in root, but they've been changed as part of the enchantment of the armor. However, you do find a small, crumpled note on the inside of the armor. Yeah. It's up to you. Okay. Do you want to tell her what's on it? Okay. Because you're in your astral form, you don't have the reagents with you. However, reagents can be provided by the party. You rummage through, and you require a diamond of at least 500 gold piece worth, which you have at your disposal, so mark that off in the bag of holding. Uvenda has already done a very good job of preparing the space for a ritual not quite like the one you're used to, but a similar variation, hers being druid-based magic. But you work with them over the next hour or so to take elements they've already prepared and alter it to fit the ritual style that you're used to, formulating and casting. As you finish preparation and your focus, clutching onto your holy symbol around your chest, you feel the warmth of Sarenrae that brought you here begin to swell around you. And you guys watch as the ritual continues, Pike's form begins to just emit more and more light. The interior of this temple, which is largely shaded by the roof of the temple, other than the sunlight coming in from the open walls of it, the whole interior just begins to grow brighter from Pike's presence. As the incantation begins to slowly drift from your lips and the magic begins to flare, the circle that was drawn around the body, the three parts of it-- The tricorner section of this glyph awaits. Who wants to bring the first offering to the ritual? The first attempt to bring. Make a persuasion check. Okay. The minute the words, what say you, leave your lips, one third of the glyph (charging noise) vibrates to life. Where the golden light of Sarenrae's power that the glyph initially emanates, the light, as it brightens, becomes a purplish-blue hue. So. Who wishes to be the next offering? Roll a d20 and add your wisdom. 20 total. As the Daylight spell brightens, your instinct is to close your eyes, but you push against it, and you know this will temporarily burn to your retinas but you still, holding that still-- --whispering into him. You can feel, not just the tears of your emotion but the instinctual pain of the blinding light piercing the inside of your eyes, but you hold strong as you whisper to him and as the final word leaves your lips, the second portion of the glyph grows alight and then transitions to that same purple-blue color. At which point, the Daylight spell diminishes in a way that you weren't expecting. As opposed to being this bright, glowing, blasting beacon, it shrinks down to a small condensed gentle glow, and you're afraid to move your hand. Okay. There's the last offering. No, actually, he's on the ground in a bed of black feathers and currently is propped up against Keyleth's chest. She's sitting behind him so he's leaning back against her, she has her hand against his back. Make an intimidation check. (all laugh) 22, okay. (echoing cracks) Keyleth, it knocks him out of your grasp, the impact is so hard. The body just kinda (boof) onto the side-- --you're like, oh god. You pick him back up. The third and final portion of the circular glyph alights, and then transitions to that purplish-blue glow, the entire circle complete. Oh, I want another dice. The glyphs go dark and so does the light of the outside. The entire central chamber goes dark, the light being crushed and squeezed from the vicinity. You watch as the air gets cold and a slight breeze picks up and in the darkness around you, surrounding the lifeless body of Vax, all you see is your family and darkness and there is a glowing little thread, a bead, in the sternum of Vax's lifeless corpse and you watch as a hand suddenly appears from out of the darkness and reaches down and grasps the thread, and emerging from the darkness, you all see for the first time the white, porcelain masked face of the Raven Queen. As she tugs on the small bead, you watch as a bright, white thread begins to be drawn from the center of his chest and as it does he lifts up like a puppet, just limply dangling from it. He's lifted out of your grasp and Keyleth, you instinctually try and reach for him but this spectacle is-- you find yourself unable to move, whether it be by some other power or just the sheer awe of some sort of a presence here. As he's dangled up on this thread, she stops and holds him there. The mask looks past all of you and without the mouth moving a voice fills your minds. "My champion has learned much and has done great deeds "in the service of fate." "But there is still much to be done before my charge is complete in him." She releases the thread and he drifts down onto his feet, arms and head still limp. It slowly withdraws into his chest. "We shall meet again. Come find me when the time is right and I call to "you to meet me beyond the divine gate." And as the mask withdraws into shadow and her form vanishes into darkness, suddenly the light comes back in. You all kinda close your eyes and blink it and the visions gone and you see all the servants around, still standing in the places they were just looking intently at Vax, their eyes still wide open and you watch as the limp, standing form there before you, the wings of black feathers slowly stretch out from his shoulders (crackling) and as they reach out and stretch and open, his head pulls back and (heavy breath) takes a breath of living air into his lungs and his eyes blink open. There is some physicality to her divine form. Pike feels like she's there, like she can be held and touched, but it's like touching a warm, soft Jello. Or like a big piece of cotton. It's softer and gives a bit. Kinda, yeah. Kinda. As she does so, and she releases your head, Vax, you look at her face and you look up and just behind her, you see the mask there, and the voice comes to your head. None of you see this, just Vax. And says, "Soon. I'll call for your purpose. In time." And it just fades and you can now see the sea beyond the midday of Vesrah now surrounding you. Which, by the way, your jaw is sore and you're pretty sure you're missing a tooth. Okay, yeah. Okay. She's still kind of like, "Well. I'm glad to see that this was a success. That your "friend could come in aid as well." She kind of points over and the servants come up and collect the three of them and she goes, "Well, this is fine news. I was worried that we had a loss, and perhaps this endeavor was "incomplete. However, it appears that you've both survived the encounter with the current scourge to "Vesrah's rift, and you've completed your Aramente, young Keyleth. There will be a "celebration tonight before we send you back to Zephra, "where you will be formally crowned by your father, Korren." "We'll celebrate this evening. You'll return at your leisure, but--" And she kind of walks up to you, and she can see the tears, and she kind of reaches up with her wrinkled, sun-wrecked, elderly gnome skin. And reaches up and rubs the tears from your face and goes, "It's all right. You've done "well. And I'm sorry." "For a lot of things. The Aramente didn't used to be this dangerous. It's tradition, but our "trial has changed, and while we grew confident in your confidence upon arrival, we should've been "more attentive. This might not have happened." "That may be the lesson learned at this trial. But I think we have learned a lesson as "well. And perhaps we need to adjust our trial, given the dangers "of our recent elemental guardian." "Well, come back. Come back once you've returned to your people and become the Voice of "the Tempest. Then we may alter however you see fit. Anyway, glad you're awake!" Taps you on the head with the staff. "Shit!" "Well, the Aramente is generally not a lethal experience. The kraken only arrived this "recent generation, and honestly, the only two who's had to take it with the kraken's presence "were Keyleth and her mother." Insight check, you mean? 13. Hard to read. She seems to be upfront. "Well, before the kraken came to the rift, it was simply an excursion to gather the "lodestones amongst errant elementals and other mild dangers within the plane. The kraken had only "been drawn to the rift--" "-- recently. And unfortunately, Vilya was the first to take the trial "with it residing just beyond our door." "She went in with five." "None. Two of which were our own." "That's the danger we face in these times. To exist among such ravaging elemental forces is "a danger unto itself. But that is the call of the Ashari by nature, is it not?" "To safeguard the rest of civilization from these terrors. Anyway, enough dourness. It got "rather cold here and I think we could use some warming heat of the sun, some food and perhaps "some rest for you." Hits you again on the forehead. "But of course! It's--" And she looks at the sun. "It's about time for my sailing, so I'll see "you here in the next hour or two." And she goes, and two of her servants start flanking her down the stairway. She stops and turns, looking back at all of you, and gives a deep bow. "Kaitiaki." Continues to make her way down the stairs. Which, as you look over, Doty has been faced away from the entire ritual and had been recording the various weather elements and surroundings. Turns the book around and you can see it talks about cloud structures, it talks about a few children that were playing in the water below. Briefly, yes. Your hand (impact sounds) does actually hit the side of her face. Yeah. This whole time, you've been hearing (talks Gnome). All right. So. As you guys take a little bit of time to go ahead and rest, recover, converse, and bask in-- Heal up a bit, take a short rest, use your hit dice, get your abilities back that do come back from a short rest, we're gonna go ahead and take a quick break. Be back here in a few minutes. Hold onto that back-up character! 'Til later. I know! I know. Who knows, it may still come up. (laughs) What? It's almost like future challenges in the story might involve more death, I don't know. Yeah, a little disappointed, but this works well. Yeah, heal up now, we're gonna take a break, we'll be here in a few minutes, guys. Much love. We have another giveaway from our friends at Wyrmwood tonight! I don't know what we're giving away, 'cause I was to give-- A dice tower! Oh, snap. You guys are getting a full-scale dice tower. What is it? It is wood. It is made of wood and it is a dice tower. And it's gonna be free to the winner! So, come on over to the Twitch chat, and get involved over the break. The word is raven, R-A-V-E-N. Go ahead and-- Yeah you are, Grog. Oh. Oh snap! That is not a dice tower-- -- it's a deck box. Sentinel box! Which is still rad. They told me it was a-- but however-- oh, that's cool! It has like a small magnetic-- must be for minis and-- or dice, if you want to. So that's pretty rad, actually. So anyway, this 'Bird's Eye Maple Sentinel Deck Box' is gonna go to whoever the winner is. Type 'Raven' into the chat room of Twitch to win. We'll have an announcement when we come back. See you guys in a few minutes. (all cheer) [break] Damn it. First and foremost, I wanna mention that our fantastic fundly to Amandine is apparently already really close to its goal! (cheers) Also, we have the winner in chat! Thank you, Sam. We have the winner in chat of our fantastic deck box from our friends at Wyrmwood, it is @stevetharia! @stevetharia, you are the winner, we're gonna go ahead and sign that box and get it sent to you, that Sentinel box. Congratulations. We'll have more giveaways in future episodes, so if you didn't get it tonight, come back again, and have another chance, which is awesome! All right. So. Bringing us back in. You guys have had some time to recover, gather your thoughts, gather your wits, and reflect on the recent near-permanent loss of your Champion of the Raven Queen, Vax'ildan. You now currently sit wherever you'd like within the city of Vesrah in preparation for an evening celebration. Is there anything you guys wish to do in the meantime? About an hour. Yeah. A little over an hour, I'd say. Just from resting, yeah. Yes, they have retracted. You guys are all together, if you wanna be, yeah. Sure! Well, there are portions where the sand kind of breaks the surface-- a lot of it is, you know, maybe a foot, foot and a half, below the water before you start hitting the reef and the, you know, the beach shelf drop off, but there are places where the sand rises above, and there are patches where you see a lot of the kids kind of play around and leap off of, and there are beach elements closer to the islands on the outskirts of the city, between the actual islands themselves. So yeah, there are beaches. Yeah. There you go. As you're working on that, Vax, you do notice in this time that you see one of your sister's feathers that's kind of carefully braided into your hair. There you go. Both of your sister's feathers are braided into your hair. Okay. As you're staring at the flower and contemplating the awkwardness, you feel Percival slowly come up behind you and just put a little seashell crown on your head. Make a perception check. I mean, there are folks wandering around, and there are some people that are kind of just younger folk-- -- or people that are general denizens of Vesrah that are just excited that all of a sudden these people came in and apparently battled a kraken and word has gotten around already-- As you put it on, Doty's hand goes-- Doty begins sketching you. (all laugh) (lumbering bear noises) (sniffs, then pee sounds) It's warm. (bear sounds) Doty does not seem the least perturbed by it. You do, Grog, recall as you guys were swimming up to Vesrah, and you were kind of following up to the path, you thought, why did I save Taryon? (laughs) As Grog walks away with a skipping rock-- You do recall hearing those-- As she says this, you remember now the various things that were said, as the ritual's kinda coming to clarity. And you realize the immensity of the offer that was given. You hear what sounds like a whip crack of thunder. As you glance over your shoulder and watch as Grog with the Titanstone Knuckles skips a stone so hard-- (all laugh) As the afternoon comes to a close and the sun slowly sets on the distant ocean horizon, the lights begin to brighten anew to usher in the eveningscape of Vesrah. A similar gathering of the people of Vesrah that you celebrated with the evening before comes to life, even more vibrant and excited at the tale of an Aramente completed. As this is transpiring, you guys are brought in, food is prepared-- Okay, yeah, fair enough. You guys-- wherever you can, as you guys-- As you guys are getting ready and brought into this, and people are beginning to come up and congratulate you, bringing their kids up to shake the hands of the future Voice of the Tempest, you watch as a group of figures appears on the outskirts of the light in this central meeting area. You glance over and watch as all of a sudden the nervousness kicks in, and everyone turns and looks, as there, dipping into the light, you see Captain Adella and the crew going, "Okay, so we've "been waiting for quite a while and it looks like you're having a party without us. "So. Mind if we join in?" "Told you!" And the rest of the crew comes in, of the Drensala Vis. "Oh yeah, no, we're leaving that fucker on the ship. We're not taking him here." "So. Everything went fine, I suppose?" "Great." "Fantastic. Going back soon, then, huh? "Great, first light of the morning, let's get back." "No, but the longer we're here, the more time we spend out wandering amongst the reef with "these people." And she glances around, and as you look around, you do see a very comparably bohemian lifestyle of the water ashari. Not quite that level. Yeah! I'm so glad you don't live in Los Villas. Yeah, it's very Venice Beach. But yeah. Drinks are had, the party celebrates, and then eventually Uvenda begins to approach, and everyone gets quiet, and she walks up towards you, Keyleth, and reaches out to take your hand, both of your hands in hers. "In completing the trial of the water ashari, I impart "unto you now a gift. Something I, as far as I understand, have only been around long enough to "learn. But seeing the strength that you hold, perhaps you can wield this as well." As she takes your hands, she folds them over each other, and she encloses them in her tiny gnomish grasp. "Close your eyes." As you close your eyes, and you can hear the hush of people silencing each other around. "Now, the form of one who protects the elements is malleable. You can "transcend this particular form and become the beasts of nature. You can become the creatures of "the elements that we safeguard. However, those who've mastered the journey that you have? They "can become so much more. Now walk with me." And she tugs on your hand. "Keep your eyes closed, but "walk with me." And you guys watch as she backs up and leads Keyleth out of the pavilion, out into the darkness in the center of the main thoroughfare of Vesrah. The crowd wanders along, if you guys want to shuffle with. She leads Keyleth out, eyes still closed, and as soon as people start crowding in, she goes, (huff of breath), and the guards hold people back and leave a wide berth around. "Now. Keyleth. You've encountered many beasts, many dangerous and "powerful creatures from all walks of the planes. Pick one." "What do you see in your mind?" "Imagine what it's like to be filled with strength, to be filled with the power. Envision "the horns, the snarl, the barrel-like fists." And you guys watch as Keyleth's form suddenly begins to shift and grow and where once was a half-elf Keyleth, you now see, towering above this tiny gnome, eyes still closed, a massive goristro. Everyone goes (gasps) and as her hands leave yours, you feel something shift and change and you hear the slightly more distant voice of Uvenda say, "Now open your eyes." And you look down-- (laughs) "No, no, she's fine. This is under her control." "This incantation is yours now. Be what you wish. Use these creatures." (swoosh) You watch as all her body-- -- shifts and becomes-- -- a meaty mass with a singular eye and many eyestalks and you watch as everyone takes two steps back (gasps)-- "Your shape is yours to change, Keyleth." You watch as the beholder that's looking around excitedly suddenly shifts and grows two large bronze wings-- -- claws emerge and the head extends. (whoosh whoosh) Uvenda turns to you as you're shouting this, everyone's kinda watching her fly over, you can see the little bit of light that glows from the city occasionally reflect off the metallic underbody of the dragon as it circles overhead in the dark night sky. Uvenda turns to you and goes, "Ah yes. Don't worry. These forms are hers to control." I'm pretty sure. I'm gonna look this up real fast so the internet doesn't hate me. Yeah, it is fire breath. So you watch as she flies off, she shoots forth this burning hot, bright jet of singular focused fire, not a napalm-level red dragon cone breath, but a singular focused beam of burning fire that just lights up all of Vesrah around. You see the hundreds of the denizens around go, "Oh!" as their faces glow against the dark sky around you. Uvenda's just looking up and smiling, clasping her hands together. Yeah. You feel the hard scales across her hide. Yeah. Yeah. It's Keyleth's voice but it's deeper, it's resonating, it quakes the sand on the ground near her when she speaks. Okay, as the tinier folks step onto the back of Keyleth-dragon, they take off into the sky. You watch as a bunch of the children now begin to try and line up now. And the parents are like, mm-hm. As Grog forces himself to the front of the line-- -- like palms a child and just pushes it back, like Old School, just (pff) out of the way. And yeah, most of the folks of Vesrah begin to start giving in to it-- -- taking dragon rides from Keyleth over the night sky (laughs). TRAVIS and Yeah, and in fact, I'll go look at the logistics of this, but after that kraken battle, most everybody leveled up on that. I'll send that out tonight via email to you guys. You have Shapechange as one of a possible 9th-level spell. An adult one. Not an ancient. It's not bad. You don't get legendary actions-- -- or lair actions but you get all the rest of the abilities and physical attributes of the creature. So eventually, as you feel the spell begin to dissipate, the shapechange coming to an end, you bring the last cluster of children and Grog, who has ridden now seven times. (all laugh) As the night draws to a close-- And yeah, reverting back to your form, the party comes to an end. Uvenda comes up to you as you come back to your form and says, "I'm proud of you." "Now, return to your people victorious. You achieved what your mother could not and her memory "lives on in you." And she turns-- "Good night." And she begins to walk off with her staff. You guys are able to rest for the evening, prepare yourselves for the following day's journey, however you wish that to be. So you get benefits of a long rest back. So you get half of your hit dice back, you are healed to full, you get your spells, you're good. Okay. Yeah. You haven't quite gone to bed yet. It's late evening. It's old. It's about this big and the outside of it has this very layered stone look to it. Almost like when plates shift and you watch old sediment stone stick out. And you can see the different types of stone layers, geologically. It's that kind of a texture down the side of it and it's like a dark gray, almost blue color. Grog, make a deception check. Make an insight check, Taryon. This is a mighty gift. A magical egg of power. To be consumed. Kind of. Yeah. Okay. The robot stays with him when he is told otherwise not to. So, it's hanging with him. When you're introduced to the crew, they're all your ilk. They're all salty, sarcastic folk. Captain Adella and you could-- they're all taken aback by your strangely-not-really-physically-there form. But, after a bit of trading some tales about a few interesting at-sea endeavors, you guys get along swimmingly and it's a fast friendship between you and Captain Adella. So, what're you doing? Okay. Taryon, after you're granted this majestic egg, as you're walking back to your homestead, the glowing gnome approaches you. You are a m'lady. Continue. Looks back to you, Taryon. Pulls the book out. Everyone's kind of scattered to the four winds right now. Yeah, Vex is there. Yeah, you point out to where they're all staying and-- All right. All right. So as you all go to rest for the evening, Pike, the granted presence here through Sarenrae's will begins to withdraw. Her strength through the divine gate to keep you in this, seemingly drained. You sense that you'll be returning back to Emon until you're retrieved by your allies here. So, you'll only have a short time. As the rest of you guys go to rest for the evening and you all go to sleep, Percy, Keyleth, Vax, Vex, and Grog, I need you guys to roll perception checks. Oh! Wow! All right. What was the first one? Okay. Throughout the evening-- At some point in the night, each of you individually wakes up in the wee hours as a sound rouses you from your slumber as you glance over in one of the nearby open windowed walls. You see a large, metallic man-shape appear. And just start feverishly sketching while staring at you. (all laugh) And Doty continues sketching, adjusting to the new positions. Keeps taping them on. All right. I will say-- I will say, for the sake of narrative of this, the energy will carry you through to the morning. So, upon everyone waking, and gathering again before heading however way you wish, the crew is by their boats to return to the ship, Uvenda is waiting to see you off, and, as you all begin to gather, you watch Pike as she approaches, her form flickering in the familiar visual of a temporary time before she has to return-- As you approach to speak to everybody, suddenly (grinding robot movement) from the side, Doty seems to just slam into view, like some weird hype man. And immediately just hands you a metallic fist filled with pages torn out of the tome. And then runs off towards Taryon. What you see before you, is a very beautifully realistically drawn image of a female half-elven druid, and a male half-elven rogue paladin, both clutching bed-sheets, going-- (all laugh) Yeah. Doty stops when she says no. This is another pair. (laughs) This one-- --less shy. It appears to be a human male, looking confused, with glasses pressed up above the top of the forehead, and a half-elven, dark-haired, female, on top-- -- glancing back with a 'don't you fucking dare' expression. Well see, all right. This one is Pike, in her gnomish form, still wearing her armor in her astral form, looking like she realized she didn't phrase it properly when she made the request. And being the last one sketched, and that moment her expression says, 'Oh no.' (all laugh) Whoa. (creaks) And there, in a classic Michelangelo-style pose, one knee cocked to the side, the beard fluffed, the rippling scarred muscles, and the obvious half-giant side of Grog Strongjaw before you on the page. This joke went too far. I did not expect it to go that far. Seriously. All right, so as you guys get over-- No! No! You know-- In Doty being literal, it lead to all of that joy. Holy shit. So. As you guys all gather on the beaches in the late morning of Vesrah, Adella and her crew are waiting at the boats to return to the ship. And Uvenda and a few other folks there, you see Durent, you see Yulan, the little boy that met you when you first got here, and a few of the other folks that you met that evening, all waiting, and as you approach, Uvenda nods, and, "It has been an absolute pleasure to have you, Vox "Machina, at the sides of Keyleth, to come and spend time with our people, to celebrate the "completion of a difficult journey. I would request before you leave, to please return the goggles and "neck pieces that we lent you." Kind of. They go and collect the pieces from you as you go on. "And best of luck in your future "journeys. If we, the Ashari of Vesrah, can be of aid to you in the future, please let us know." Kaitiyaki. And they turn around and start walking their way back to the center of Vesrah. Some of the kids looking over their shoulders, kind of waiting to see what you're going to do. Adella is waiting there at the ship, "All right, so, what's the plan?" All right. At this point Pike begins to flicker. And she vanishes in your grasp. It's not enough. You guys make your way onto the ship with Captain Adella at the helm, the boat turns around, navigates the thin pathway between these exterior reefs, and eventually to the open seas of Ozmit. She's holding onto the wheel like, "You worry me already." "Be my guest." Okay, and with this consistently used, you guys can cut about half of the travel time back to Emon. So what would normally be, depending on weather, like five, six, seven days, you get there in three. Through the use of that, your general Control Weather abilities and stuff-- it's pretty fantastic. Thinking in the back of your head as you travel that while you've completed your Aramente, it is not done, you still have to return to complete your Aramente. You guys eventually find your way, coming into the docks on the western side of Emon, the city still in the throes of rebuilding, restructuring, it's busy, people are returning, flocking to the streets. It's very warm and welcoming to come back to a city that is coming to life again. Where the grim reality post-Thordak's fall has now been replaced with, it seems to be a vibrant, buzzing energy of recovery and moving forward. This still is the central city of Tal'Dorei, and the people who have returned to this are bringing it back as soon as they can to the splendor it once held, being the jewel city of this continent. You guys, after docking Adella and the crew, which I can't recall, did you pay them in advance? Great. I'm pretty sure you did. Mm-hm. Technically, two. One, two nights in Vesrah. Captain Adella's there with her crew behind her. "It's been an absolute pleasure. Should you "require our assistance again, you know where to find us, and if not, we're busy making money "elsewhere, fuck off." She takes the coin purse from you. Takes that, hands it to one of her-- her first mate-- "It was quite damaged." Passes it off to her first mate again and you can see the first mate is kind of the sheepish mousy gentleman who is currently in process of counting all the coins as they come in, he's, like, the on-board accountant and he's just-- "We're good." "Wonderful. Thank "you so much for your patronage. Wish you all a fond farewell. Now shoo." You guys head into the city, and with each street corner there's another building with a roof that's being re-roofed. You can see walls being re-stoned and structured. You can see carts being brought in from the docks as trade has now begun anew within the city, and there is a semblance of culture, life and society continuing to still re-emerge and spread with each visit to the city, and it's very heartwarming and harkening to the good that you've done through the struggles and challenges leading up to this time. "In charge of what?" "Oh, the Council." "I think so?" "I mean, my house is in ruins and I haven't seen my grandchildren but--" "Could I?" "Good day to you." Then he just wanders off. As you guys make your way through the city towards the temple district of Emon, you find your way to the temple of Sarenrae, and as you begin to step on the outside, the door's already open, and knowingly awaiting, Pike steps out with a smile to greet you. (all cheer) Pike runs up and gives you a big hug. Go for it. Under his breath, yeah. Yeah, telling the truth, straight up. There is a look of genuine awe and fear in his eyes when he looks at you. They're in the bag of holding. So you guys make your way back to Greyskull Keep-- Much to your joy, some of your original servants have returned from Whitestone. (all cheer) You do see within there, Laina and Erwin-- Laina greets you as you come up, she's like, "Oh goodness me, it's been so long, all of you. "Well, come in, it's so good to see you. Well, as you were wandering about, we were all just keeping "it down over there in Whitestone, but it's so nice to be back. This place, it needs some work. Please "don't be judging, I'm trying to clean as best I can!" And the place looks pretty good, based on the last time you saw it, but there's still dust gathered around. She looks genuinely nervous, her hair's kind of wracked. She turns and Erwen comes up, you see him, you know, the very very old halfling male with his long gray ponytail. "And it is great to see all of you once more." "Which was very possible, yes." Yes, you may. "I must say, I greatly appreciate you all being so quick in getting us out of that whole "dragon mess. I was rightfully frightened for my life. Anyway, I need to continue making your "beds." And he slowly begins shuffling off towards the stairway. This is the second time Polymachina has come up in our campaign? Taryon and the two guards in Syngorn-- really confused. All right. Yeah, most of the tools have been stolen. All right. What're you crafting? Yeah. Make a tinkering check. Yeah. You just didn't roll a one. You're fine. Yeah, you produce a-- with what little materials you have there-- raw materials left, you happily do so. All right, so you guys go to the library. What're you looking for specifically? Investigation check. Okay. There you go. You're hard-pressed to find anything in your library that gets very specific. There are mythological mentions of the Nine Hells, of multiple layers, of demon princes. But the books that you have at your disposal largely speak about them like a fairy tale. Or talk about historical mentions of them through the history of Exandria, of the betrayer gods, and the old age of arcanum days. But nothing specifically about the hells. So even with the research, you just don't have those books in the keep. The Cobalt Reserve is in Westruun. But it is essentially the largest collection of the most dense and sacred books on the continent. So you're pulling some of the notes you had gathered-- what languages do you guys speak? Speak or read. Right. Most of these notes you cannot read. The language you've-- Percival, you recognize the script. A lot of them are written in Abyssal. Right, so do you go and call their help? All right, so you glance through some of the notes that were gathered. A lot of them appear to be almost gibberish in the order of words. They don't make sense. Or at least-- You do make up some of them are historical discussions on the roots of powerful magic. Elements during the founding, they're mentioned a few times. They speak of the original Titans, it's a lot of very similarly and type-dense scattered notes. Some of the books that you pull are specifically arcane spellbooks, but they're also written in Abyssal. And as neither of you are practitioners of arcane magic, you have no idea what they say, you just recognize them to be sort of spell markings. There is the one large dark leather tome that is still locked on the side, and that was what was on the-- Of all the books, it looks like probably the premium book of Opash's collection. It has no writing on the cover. It is just a dark black, leather-bound tome roughly that big that looks like it's weathered, scratched in places. It has kind of like a deep, metallic cornered trimmed bits to it. He said whoever decides to read it should be strong of will. That was his warning. Yes? That's like wisdom modifier. Generally, like wisdom saving throw. That's generally the kind of willpower tests elements of it. Read it. Investigation check. If you wish to. 22? It does not appear to be trapped, it is locked though. You've already been told that it's magical from Gilmore earlier. That's essentially what Gilmore did. It's not a magical item with abilities or powers. It just has a magical essence to it and it's ancient. All right, make a lock-picking check. Opash's slash Thordak's lair. We'll find out. You guys could both attempt to read it together and you'd both have to possibly be tested. That's your call. What are we doing? It opens. The latch opens, not the book. Okay. All right. Who's doing what? (laughs) All right, what? Okay. Okay. You peek it open. Nah, just the top creaks open. The top of the tome flips open. Couple pages go like (fwoosh) kinda stuck to it, and then fall back into place. The pages kinda like curl back in, almost like they were stuck to the-- Nothing weird. A little bit of dust kinda like (swoosh) off the bottom of it. The pages are old. You see a little bit of text drawn on it. What languages do you know, Pike? You do not recognize the text. It is Abyssal. Enhance does not really help with saving throws. Just so you know. Just ability checks. If it's an ability check, it'll help. But just so you know. That's up to you. (laughs) Okay. Okay. So. Sure, all right. LAURA/ All right. So, Vex. You begin to glance through the pages and the words form around you, and you get a ways into it, and it's interesting. This is a personal notebook. It's a tome, but this is written by Opash, this is-- Yeah. (laughs) This goes into Opash's history on Marquet during the Age of Arcanum, a lot of the terrible experiments that he was currently working on that dealt with rending and capturing the soul. Capturing the servants and people that wandered the desert and would just-- had a series of caverns across the continent that were-- -- his to use, where he kept these individuals trapped in gems or glass menagerie-type structures where he would come back at his whim and just destroy souls, shatter them, corrupt them, forge them into things, feed on them. He was fascinated with the never-ending essence of existence and how to manipulate it and make it his own. It goes into that. It goes into people that didn't understand him in Marquet; how he was driven out, the trials that were put against him, his banishment to the island. And then in learning about the facet of this island that there's something about the metal here, something very ancient about this island that becomes this black hole of arcane projection. Astral Projection is not possible from the island, he discovered as he attempted that. And travel magics that go to or from the island have a very difficult ability to escape it, if not get very messed up in the process. However, it talks about how, when he was banished there, he discovered the indigenous people and those that lived on nearby islands that would take small ships from island to island, and there was a trade route there. He convinced and corrupted them to come and work for him, and such, he brought the entire civilization from these multiple islands to come live on this island under him. And then he reaved them all to become his experiments to continue here on this island. And you get a sense, reading through, that the masses of people you saw within that giant chasm that were clawing at you as you passed, those were all the people that used to live on these islands. LAURA and You then also discover a few different chapters. One that mentions finding a near-dead dragon that washes on shore, a red dragon on the cusp of death. And what a great gift it is, to discover, to toy with the soul of an ancient entity like this. And it speaks of years of enslaving this red dragon and torturing and extracting information and manipulating and making it his own toy. And then, began to pull together research he had read elsewhere on the continuation of a dragon's soul, of being able to take the spirit of a dragon and make it indestructible and to live from body to body. And if he could find a way to correct this to work for himself it wouldn't be-- his power would continue without the binds of lichdom that a lot of other type magics would eventually be bound to-- the phylactery element, through a dragon transition would be a lot easier to maintain, and his hope for doing so. It beings to speak of a ritual, one that involved this ancient, ancient entity dragon called Guuthal the Ever-Fed. A mighty black dragon that was instilled with necromantic power that terrorized the world during the Age of Arcanum in its first millennia. Guuthal had used ritualistic aid, forbidden rites, and sacrifice of its own lifeforce to be born again as this never-dying new form of unlife referred to as a dracolich. However, the last few notes in Opash's hand end abruptly and a new handwriting in Draconic begins. Which you also read. These notes are less poetic and speaking to itself in the way Opash was by himself and needed somebody to converse with, and he chose his words. This is a much more direct, trying to piece together parts of an equation. And you start seeing references to J'mon Sa Ord, you see references to being the king that rises from the ashes. You begin to realize that these are the words of Thordak. This was the moment when Thordak overtook Opash, destroyed him, and made the lair his own. This history then goes into Thordak's interest in trying to find power to take this ritual unto himself and thus become an undying entity. The notes finish with the intent of Thordak going north to seek out mages, to seek out power, things he could bind to his will and bring them back to make this ritual happen. That's the last passage you see. You begin to realize that the knowledge that Thordak had, and was holding from Raishan, was the knowledge of this ritual that would probably be what would enable her to bypass the curse that she had. But you killed her. I also need you to make a wisdom saving throw. What's Beacon of Hope do? Okay. So, Beacon of Hope is cast. Saving throw, yes. Not saving throws. So, as you're reading through this, you guys watch as Vex's attention-- 25, okay. As you are reading through this, and you go through, you watch as she turns the pages faster and faster and her eyes unblinkingly are just scanning the pages with rapid pace. And, Vex, you feel this cold essence begin to curl through your shoulders and into the back of the neck and right as you finish the last bit of notes before Thordak, you feel something try to reach for the back of your mind. Cold fingers, ten, 20, an endless supply of grasping fingers reach for the back of your mind. And you shrug it off and pull yourself away from the book and the cold fades. Yeah. All the rest of us making a wisdom saving throw! Doty walks over to one of the nearby shelves and finds one of the books that is only partially written in, tears out all the pages-- -- and just begins transcribing from memory what you just said. You didn't have one made. Okay. So, what's the next step? All those notes seemed to pertain to that book, and once you had the information from Vex, it kind of connected all the dots. A lot of these were notes regarding this ritual. Trying to find ways to break the chain of the life/death cycle and obsession with the alteration and harvesting of souls and spiritual energy for the use of powering arcane experimentation. So, not good stuff. No, Raishan actually was from-- -- she was south of Tal'Dorei. Yeah. At this time, with you guys travelling through the city, getting here, with the research, I'd say it's getting pretty close to dusk. You probably have like an hour or so before the sun sets. You are in the keep. Yeah, I mean, not everything was destroyed. There are shops that are open and there are people running business here. I mean, a number of the districts got damaged and some buildings are having to be rebuilt, but it is still a functional city. Though to a lesser degree right now. As the sun sets across the Tal'Dorei sky, you all settle in for the evening to rest, contemplate the return of your ally. Your next venture in researching the path before you as Vox Machina. You to return soon to finish your Aramente to your people and see what lies ahead of you by the threads of fate wielded by the Raven Queen. At dawn, you brunch. And until then we'll return next week, with the next episode of Critical Role. (all cheer) I know. Well, guys, thank you for watching. Congratulations to our winner earlier. Thank you again, Loot Crate, for being our awesome sponsor. What's that? We made it for Amandine! (cheers) With Darin De Paul. Doctor Whom. I'm sorry. You're right. And then all of us will be here on Saturday for the 24-hour two-year anniversary stream! Many of us, many of us will be here on Saturday. That's true, 'cause the new edition. It's wonderful. I was the Keeper almost every time for years. Big surprise, right? You did! Which is why I said "most". You were great. It was fun. Ashcan Pete. He's the best. Anyway, guys, awesome work. Ashley, we love having you. Don't go back. Yeah, we get you back soon. I know. I know. We miss you. Soon. You'll be back soon. All right, guys-- That is disgusting. (laughs) Purple flavor?