Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around, roll dice, and play Dungeons and Dragons. You may notice Ashley Johnson left us last week to go shoot in New York and shooting got delayed a week. Pike's gone, but she at least can sit there while you guys play, which will be fun. (laughter) Yeah, that's cool, I appreciate and respect that. Thank you guys for your patience with the tech issues, we're trying out some new arrangements here and it took a little setup. Nevertheless, we are good to go. Before we jump into tonight's game, let's go ahead and get through our announcements. First and foremost, Loot Crate has been our fantastic sponsor, and they currently are unveiling their July theme Futuristic! Which is pretty rad. They have a bunch of things from Rick and Morty, Futurama, Megaman, Valiant Comics, and Star Trek. Then they have a figure in there, they also have their monthly t-shirt and pin, all that cool stuff coming up, and we have the Loot Anime July theme of Squadron as well! Which includes a bunch of Gundam, Gate, Arpeggio Blue Steel, Anti-Magic Academy stuff, an exclusive loot to the anime box. Both of these are their current themes for July. If you want to sign up to Loot Crate to get these and be awesome and keep our sponsors happy, you go to www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole, and there you can go ahead and sign up for a $3 a month discount by putting in the special code criticalrole, one word, into your subscription. Okay, ready. Ready? I was going to say Homestar Runner. (laughter) You got a cool poster! Yeah, these are from Unity. These are little feather charms from Unity. So we got an awesome Yokai shirt. Thank you, Loot Crate. Check it out, if it's something you want to be part of, they send this stuff monthly, themed crates are awesome, we've been at this for a long time. And now you do, Laura. What! Awesome. So once again, that's criticalrole, one word, on their website at lootcrate.com/criticalrole to get your discount for being Critters and awesome. We have, also, Laura? You are welcome to come clothed. Travis, it's already sold out, you don't have to-- Yeah, if it goes well and runs smoothly and people are receptive to it, then hopefully there will be more of these at different places over the country. All right. Any other announcements anyone wants to bring forward? I know Technomancer just came out. I voice Sean Mancer in that. Technomancer. MARISHA and A game. It's a game. Anybody else have anything? I just want to get in the game. It's a thing. There's stuff in it. Yeah, I'm a little jet-lagged. But that doesn't matter, because that's what energy drinks are for. All right guys, let's dive in here to the proper part of tonight's episode of Critical Role. Welcome back! So we had a week off last week where the amazing Liam O'Brien there ran a one-shot game of absolute chaos and did an amazing job. If you guys haven't had an opportunity to check it out, you should. It's up on geekandsundry.com. It's amazing, and made me and Marisha very jealous that we couldn't play it, but we were here in spirit, and obviously, motorcycle and sidecar. So that was fun. We'll show you some of the fanart. But anyway, back to this game. Vox Machina, the group of adventurers who had found their way now seeking the Vestiges of Divergence, ancient artifacts of power, to help them in their struggle against the Chroma Conclave, the collection of chromatic dragons that have razed the entire countryside of Tal'Dorei. They've acquired a few of them, but the most recent one sends them to the Feywild in search of Fenthras, a bow which seems to have acquired the eyes of Vex upon it. You took care of some business, managed to ward off an assassination attempt by a rakshasa, and found your way through Keyleth's Plane Shift spell into the Feywild, somewhere in the vicinity of the portal where the nymph in the Frostweald, upon meeting Vox Machina years before, supposedly lives. So to bring us back in. As you step out into the temperate air, you're struck by the vibrant purples, blues and pinks of sunset that envelop the skies and the clouds above the tree line. The smell of fresh morning dew and poppy upon the breeze fills your head, and your feet wade through tall, thick grasses that tickle your knees with each step. Vine-covered tree trunks rise all around you, curling as they stretch upward like a bending dreamscape, and hundreds of small, bobbing faerie lights glow in the shadowed distance of the forest. Looking about you, you can see what appear to be clusters of mud and small pools of water that are scattered in your vicinity, some ten, 15, even 30 feet apart. Small, little pools that dot the landscape almost like pebbles scattered across a small field. What do you guys want to do? Make a perception check. 26, okay. As you guys are taking in the vicinity, Percy, glancing around, you see no signs of civilization. The only thing that catches your eye is a little ways past the immediate tree line, that meets your eye, the fairy lights seem to be caressing the outside of some sort of older stone structure. And that's about as much as you can make out. Looks about four or five feet tall, and it's only barely visible between two of the trunks. Okay. You make your way across these extremely thick, moss-covered tree trunks. You push past the two and eventually come upon the structure, and as you get closer, the fairy lights dim and vanish, as soon as you get within five or six feet of them, and they seem to only appear at a peripheral point. You guys approach the stone structure? Not particularly. Nothing about it strikes you as part of the general Feywild lore. There are structures that have been built throughout periods of time, some of which have fallen to ruin. Nature in the Feywild tends to reclaim things that aren't natural if left to their own devices. I would say, have both of you guys roll history checks, for the both of you. Vex and Vax. You would not. You learned Elven, but elven culture and the Feywild are two entirely different things. 13, okay. Best that you can ascertain, the first worry initially, and you have encountered something like this before will-o'-wisps, entities that were the lost souls of individuals that died under tragic circumstances in swamps and bogs and in heavily wooded areas. However, those entities are usually larger and are drawn towards sources of life. The fact that these are much smaller and tend to fade at your arrival means either they're not will-o'-wisps at all, or a different kind you haven't encountered. That's as much information that you can deal with. I'd like you both to make stealth checks if you could. Anybody else going up with them, or is just the two of them? Make an athletics check. Roll athletics with disadvantage, just because I'm giving you a chance. Yes. Okay. This is the one time you've bartered with the DM this session. You do manage to leap across. Because these trees are thickly wooded and the branch line starts at about the four-foot mark anyway, it's fairly easy for you to leap up the top of the tree without an issue. You vanish up into the canopy. You two, what'd you roll for stealth? And Liam, what'd you get? 11 feet, okay. You approach this stone structure, which you see now is the corner part of a wall. It looks like there was some sort of a small structure here. Best that you can make out, all of it's heavily covered with vine and ivy, and all the places where the stonework is broken looks to be through natural erosion or claimed by actual roots, and you can see now part of the tree roots have actually risen up and tore down elements of these walls, and you can see broken rubble barely poking through the very thick underbrush of this forest. Whatever was here was built a long time ago and has been mostly reclaimed by the forest. The corner is facing you guys, so you're on the outside of where the structure would have been. This is a ruin, but most of it's been torn down and it's not visible. Sections of walls available. The largest piece is currently the corner you're facing. Make a history check. You have no idea. The planes you've studied are the planes of the elemental form. The Feywild is a little ways outside of your realm of any training or storytime you've been given growing up. Most of what you've gleaned about it thus far has been based on the conversations you've had in recent weeks. It ranges from, at least in this forest, a very deep lush dark green, like a heavy winter's pine green. The forests are more vine-wrapped, mossy, willow-ish trees that hang down. No. However, the evening sky is very purple and orange, like around a very bright dusk. And that colorscape does contrast with the green of the forest quite beautifully. It looks to be getting to dusk, yeah. Not from ten feet away, no. The vines that are there do have small whitish flower buds. Little flowers that have been blooming in a small scale across the vines. Not particularly. They look like white flowers from this distance. You'd have to get closer to inspect directly. Sure. The canopy is very thick, and only in these small little patches of meadow, like the one that you entered and had all the little pools in it, and the one that you're entering now which has the ruin, have little breaks in the canopy where you can actually see the sky. Otherwise, it's very thick, so actually flying through the canopy, unless you're going very slowly, is going to be whipping you and probably knocking you off. You can make your way up there a little bit. Make a perception check. Keyleth, you approach the ruin to get a closer look at the plants? Make a nature check. Okay. These white flowers resemble a form of daisy that exists in Tal'Dorei. However, they grow there in flower clusters out of the ground. You've never seen them sprout from a vine, and the shape's a little different, and you don't actually know this form of plant from your personal experience, but you can ascertain a similar nature to it. They don't appear to be toxic, no. As you reach out and touch it with your finger, I need you to go ahead and do nothing, because it's fine. Okay. As you rocket up past the boughs and begin to emerge from the edge of the canopy over this opening, you do see a very large water pool on the other side of this ruin. You can see where this ruin used to be. Most of it has fallen and then sunken into what appears to be a very glassy pool of water. A still surface, untouched. There's no wind in this area. It's a perfectly reflective surface to the opening above it. You don't see any life forms. You do see a bare minimum hint of movement, if you will, beneath the water. You can't make out the shape, but you do see something moving beneath the water. It's a pool. It looks like water. And you've seen a number that you've come past in this way. This one's larger than the others. You pluck the flower. As you pluck it, the vines begin to writhe and pull away from the stone, actually releasing the hold on the ruin, and as it does, you hear what sounds like some movement, some shifting of water on the other side of the stone wall. The vine has retracted, and as you set it towards the vine, it tumbles off. And actually the flower, you see now as you reach down, it has turned from a beautiful white and has immediately withered into a black, dried husk. Where was once silence, you hear the rushing of leaves as the canopy's beginning to close over, like the trees are leaning in and the actual branches themselves are starting to close up the gap in space on the sky. Stealth check on both you guys. Okay. Okay. Both of you guys-- you go back into the branch, and you can feel the branches pushing behind you, and you have to actually get low to not be dragged away with the rest of these extending branches that are closing off the opening in the canopy. Vax, you make your way towards one of the tree trunks and dart out of the way. Percy, you're watching this in horror. Okay. It's at this point, you guys see a hand creep up over the stone. A secondary hand. Pulling up from here, you now see what appears to be a humanoid female form, lithe, hair wet and slicked back, and as the head peeks over-- Okay. The moment there is any movement, she flickers and moves back from the wall, looking already very perturbed by this whole circumstance. I need both of you guys to make constitution saving throws. Natural one. As you're shoved ahead, and begin to go into a bow, Percy, you bow, but you can't take your eyes off of it as the creature pulls herself up over the wall. An extremely beautiful, impossibly beautiful woman, nude, steps up over the edge of the wall, and as you glance forward, everything goes dark. Blackness. You bow, and he appears to be bowing. He's still standing; he's fine. As soon as you say that, the creature darts backward, and you see it take a few steps and then leap and dives into the pool and vanishes beneath the water's surface. Although you see that, Keyleth. Percy, you do not. You just hear footsteps. And you look at Percy, eyes wide open, glancing about, the pupils moving about. Were you paying attention? Okay. Percy crawls onto the ground and begins rocking back and forth. Okay. Make a perception check. Okay. As they're having this conversation, you-- You find your way over, and sure enough, no person has the leg density that Grog does, and you're pretty sure you have your mark. Okay. Trinket. (whoosh, bear noises) Jowls shake as you rub your fingers into his fur. No. That's okay. All right, so you feel the somewhat damp, cold nose of a bear nudge under your hand, and then (bear noises) and a shoulder lunges into you. Okay. It takes you a little while, but you get up onto the bear eventually. You have to right him because he's facing the wrong direction a little. You land, feet go (squelch) into the muddy outskirts of the pond. It's about up to your ankles, but you can see the water is now rippled and disturbed. Smells like probably the freshest poolside mud you've ever come across. No, none. Yeah. It's about maybe ten feet from you. Roll a stealth check. You put it in the descriptor, man. Okay. (squelching) You make your way, as markedly quiet as you can. Okay. You come up to the edge of the water, and you can see some of the ripples are starting to lap across the mud. The mud and silt continues downward into a perfectly clear pool, though the light source has been cut off from the sky now as the canopy has closed, and what little bit of light happens to find its way through the forest ceiling-- other than that, it's pretty dark. However, you do have darkvision; a few of you do have darkvision, so it's not a huge hindrance within a certain distance. You do see what appears to be clouds of silt on the bottom of the water that have slowly found their way close to resting. No immediate response, no. Yeah. Go ahead and make a strength check. Okay. 23. You lob the egg with perfect accuracy directly into the center of the pool. It hits and floats on the surface, semi-buoyant, with a little bit of the shell revealed on the top. A few moments pass before a few fingers curl up and grab it, and pull it down below. Make an intelligence check. (laughter) You were distracted for the brief time you spent over here, but it does appear to be similar. Make a persuasion check. You watch as suddenly there's a burst of bubbles under the surface of the water. Another burst of bubbles comes up on the surface as the water begins to break, and you can see a very beautiful, water-covered nude female form that is laughing uproariously in the pool. (laughs) "Oh. It has been some time." (gasping) And she takes her hair off to the side and gets the water out of it and shoves it over her shoulder. She steps up, and this time her feet touch the surface, and she walks on it like it's solid. As she begins to step carefully towards you, "I apologize for being, well--" And she points over towards him. "I would recommend in the future, perhaps, a more respectful means of arrival." "If I recall, your name was Grog, is that correct?" "Nala." "I watch over this glade. It is bound to me as I am to it. I would hope that in the future "you'd be more gentle with that that resides here." As you're talking at this moment, there's a sudden sparking sound, like a heavy log has fallen in a forest with a crack and a thoom. There's a flash of light and she instinctively turns and then dives beneath the water once more. As you guys glance over, there's a somewhat shimmering form of light that congeals into a small gnomish female flickering in and out. As Pike, after coming back from your goodbyes and walking to the temple of Pelor now constructed to take at least a moment to begin building a bastion for Sarenrae worship here, as well, you miss your friends so hard in that moment that, for a brief moment, the divine energies give you one last brief moment to walk beside them across the planes. With that, Nala steps back through the water, taking invisible steps up to the top of the surface, where you're pretty much up to your waist in the pool at this time. She's now standing directly on the surface about ten feet from you. She looks out and looks towards you. "I remember "you, as well." She met all of you guys. "It's all right. Not many things happen in this glade these days, so when they happen "rapidly, it tends to drop my heart a bit. Speaking of which, do you still carry my heart with you, Grog?" She turns her head. "I don't sense it on your person." "Glad you're safe. I shall begin the process of creating a new one, then. I'm glad it served you well." She puts her hand up and nods. She nods and laughs. She brings her arm up and as she does, a singular vine seems to grow up out of the muck and curl up, and take the daisy from your finger and drag it off into the forest. "That's a hard lesson learned." "It doesn't work that way. I'm sorry." "For the most part, those that fall under my protective gaze, they've earned it. Don't consider "past that. And my innate talents do not reach beyond that striking, so I'm sorry." "Yes." "Not around my glade, no. I'd know." "We've met, yes." "There are trees that fall under various states of corruption time and time again in the "Feywild. Light and darkness stands eternal here." "The Shademirk Bog." "Duskward is towards the dusk." She points. As she puts her finger up, you can see the trees relax now and open up the sky above you, and you can see the direction where most of the setting sunlight is being cast into the sky, and she motions in that direction. "This is my glade. We are one." "I have not. I stay here. This is my home, and I am bound to it to not wander too far. What I "know of the Shademirk, I only know through individuals who passed through and kept me up to "speed with things that may or may not be transpiring in this landscape, but those meetings "are tens of years, if not more, between." "Not to my knowledge, no. My understanding of realms beyond this wood and beyond this glade "are fairly limited beyond what I've been given by passersby, and it's been not since you, Grog, "stepped through with me. I've not had another cross my path." "It is my life. The trees keep me company. The roots, they speak. The earth itself is "sustenance and the voice, the timeless voice of this land-- well, there are many stories here." "Everything." "Gauge with care that which you tamper. Many things lie and live in these lands that could be "of aid and many, your own destruction. Words spoken by many who live and call the Feywild their "home are in themselves riddles. Deceit is their common form of time passage, and those that wander "from beyond, well, some would consider you more of a toy or a plaything than a visitor or passerby." (laughs) "Bring me some books." "I'd like some books." "Pictures are always nice, but things to tell me of things beyond my sphere. Perhaps the "world you come from. Beyond the Frostweald, I know very little, as well." "Take whatever you wish to say goodbye with." She takes it and thumbs through. Closes it. "Thank you." "Depends on what you seek and what your reasons are. Trust goes all ways. The difficulty "is finding who is aligned with your ideals, your intentions, and your goals, and who isn't. I trust "practically no one. Sorry." "Oh! Feyspecks. They are small entities that care to the underbrush of the forests here. "They're not dangerous." "I'm sure they lead you many places, though none of them may be where you're trying to go. I "wouldn't trust them to guide you. They themselves are very deceptive and trickery-loving entities. "But they help me keep the glade in the forest." Make a persuasion roll. She thinks for a moment, holding the tome under her arm. "Well. I have minor magical "capabilities. Perhaps I could harden the physicality of one of you, in a way to aid. It "won't last long, but it's something." She steps forward, and as you're having this conversation, she puts her fingers towards the front of your forehead and touches your skin. You feel a surge of warmth through your body, though blackness still takes your vision. The rest of you watch as his skin suddenly turns to a dark brown and crackles. For a brief moment, you fear, but notice it's like his physical form, all parts of the pinky flesh of the human Percy become hard like tree bark. It's like a fine cedar. "Well. Keep your wits about you. That's the finest defense you have against this uncertain "landscape." "I appreciate that. It is good to see your faces, as brief as it is." "Good luck and safe travels." So you bow. She turns around and begins to walk back down the invisible steps you see her taking, as she drifts deeper into the water, and actually, before she disappears beneath the surface, looks over her shoulder and smiles at you, Grog, and then disappears beneath the water below. As you guys are having this conversation, there's a brief sound as Percy, even amongst his blinded state, catches Keyleth's finger in midair. All right. Flanked by wet willies, Percy, one is halted, but in the distracted moment and the stealthy rogue being what he is, you feel the slimy insertion of a single half-elven digit into your ear canal. Yeah. There's plenty of stone debris. Make a perception check. He catches the pebble out of the air. It gets really quiet suddenly, Percy. Yes. Trinket stops and (bear noises). All of a sudden, Trinket lurches forward and starts dragging him. Trinket's been dragging him away from you, towards her. Okay. So as you clutch your holy symbol, your flickering divine form drifts over towards the side of Trinket. You reach up and touch his leg, and the warmth of the divine energy surges through his leg. You can see it almost like a sparkle up his chest, little light rays peering out from beneath the clothing. It comes up his gullet, up the side of his face, and his eyes flash white, with beams of gentle sunlight shooting out for a second. The darkness becomes blurry, and your vision over the next 15 or so seconds returns to normal. Yes. You guys catch up with the rest of the party, who's now moved on ahead. Making your way through this thick forest, I would like you all to make a perception check. What did you get, Liam? 24. Okay. 25s or higher, which I think is Keyleth and Vex. You guys push through the forest for about another two hours or so. All right. Two hours of travel towards the direction of the dusk, keeping tabs on it the best you can, you being the tracker you are, you notice that the night hasn't come. The light in the sky itself has not changed. The dusk hasn't waxed or waned; there's been no change in the sky light or color whatsoever. The dusk seems to have for the last couple hours been perpetual and unmoving. You're moving towards that. That was the one direction you were given by the nymph, yes. Make a perception check. Yeah, okay. You glance up at the next opening you have in the canopy, and you see occasionally a flock of birds go flying by. There is definitely vibrant wildlife, and you've seen throughout the forest here skittering squirrels and other creatures that live here, though themselves being skittish and running off as soon as your footfalls begin to hit that portion of the forest. There is a very vibrant critter lifestyle here within this part of the Feywild. Okay. You come up above the canopy. Have to maneuver around some of the larger branches, and these trees are tall. You probably get yourself a hundred feet up before you finally break the canopy, and as you coast over the top you can see now before you, this forest is vast. The majority of it behind you, and you can actually see what appears to be the edge of the forest's line maybe about ten miles up, and past that you can see rolling grass hills before a mountain line. You can see in the distance, a very far distance-- make a perception check. This would be looking beyond the forest, so yeah, it would not have advantage. 17. You see a faint glimmer of some kind. Something that stands out, it's like a reflection or bead of light amongst the grass fields beyond the forest. You're unable to really tell the distance, but it does stand out as it occasionally flickers. Not from this perspective, no. Mostly, it looks natural from this view. Also, the clouds in the sky are slowly moving like normal clouds, and you can see in the distance what appears to be a sun that has passed beyond the mountain range, but there is no change in the light. Same it was since the moment you arrived. Okay. You guys push on for another three or so hours-- At the pace you guys are walking, you just begin to push outside of the trees. It was hard gauging the distance from that period of time; that was the rough estimate based on the perception roll. You begin to watch the tree line thin a bit. There's still many trees around you, but the density's beginning to scatter, and you're beginning to see more and more light let through from the treetops, and the trees themselves are not as tall as they were towards the central bulk of the forest. Vex, you do catch to your left side something that sounds like at first a little hiss, but instead it comes to your ear as a chuckle. Make a perception check. Natural 20. You glance out of the corner of your eye, and you see about four trees behind you some outline of a shaded figure that darts behind a tree. In between. No response. You guys continue making your way towards the edge of the forest, and shortly after, the tree line does come to an end. There are small clusters of trees, but beyond that, you're now opening this nearly-endless grassland, the grasses themselves swaying with the breeze that is starting to catch up. You can see the waves that curl over these low hills, and this beautiful, deep verdant green-emerald color that shifts and cascades over and over and over. As you begin to step into the grass, it's high. It's chest-high to the half-elves. A little below waist-high to you, and the gnomes are swimming through grass, at this point. You hop on Trinket. (bear noises) He reaches up and gives you a lick, but it pseudo-passes through your form, and Trinket looks really confused and tilts the bear head to the side. It's open field. Directionless and before you. There is still the dusk ahead of you. That's the best directional point you have right now, but there is no worn path. There is no road or street. There are no signs of civilization. It looks like an endless field. Shoot the bush. You will get near it. You want to take it? Okay. As you guys begin to walk through the field, you begin to reveal some of the druidic secrets of animal communication to Vex, and over the course of the next hour of travel-- She bestows upon you the elements of it. It's less about vocality. It's about being able to connect on an empathic and emotional level, where creatures can speak to you less out of words and more out of the idea of emotions and thoughts, which our human minds-- or in some cases, half-human minds-- accept as words. There is no actual speech that they're talking, like, "Hello, my dear!" She does it for a while. Do you cast the spell? Trinket turns to you. "Yes." You grab him. Trinket doesn't seem to realize any sort of difference. "Yes." "Okay." "It's a little lonely." "I haven't been in there very long." "I love you, too, Vex'ahlia." A big lick upside your face, and nudges his head against you. As Trinket nudges you, he says, "It's okay. I can stay in there all you need." "I can watch you through there. I can see you." "Yes." Grog, you've actually been in there, so you have an idea of what he's talking about. Boom, what! You guys do, and he talks about how he hated at the time, but has in hindsight enjoyed the memory of the pie contest in Whitestone. He tells you that was fine, but you can tell through the subtle bear undertones that he wasn't too happy about it. But everything has this tone of basically whatever you need, and anything for you. There is an undying loyalty and love from Trinket that you've always felt, but now to hear in language form is very moving. You guys keep walking. And you keep walking. You're past the tree line. You're in the grass, but it's hard to really gauge, since you have no sun in the sky and you don't have a central timepiece of any kind. No. None. No trail. It's like you never stepped through behind you. The grasses parted where you walked through, and then, looking behind, it's like you were dropped in the middle of a field. Make a perception check. You can make a perception check, as well, yeah. Glancing about, a smooth grassline. From where you guys left? It's visible, but it's quite a ways away. Yeah. It's the rolling fields and hills. It's comparable to the width of the valley between the Cliffkeep Mountains and the Stormcrest Mountains on Tal'Dorei. It seems like such a vast space, with no immediate scattered landmarks. In your head, which is used to gauging your position from small changes in the scenery, it's mind-numbing. It feels like it's endless. She said two days duskward. She said two days duskward. Only at times, because when you go below the hills into these deep valleys, before you come to the next hill line, it cuts off your perspective. But as you get close, make another perception check, Vex, as you're keeping an eye on the back of Trinket. I said Vex. 18. The source of the glimmer is becoming larger, but you can't make out any details. There are actually a few glimmers, clustered. It's one of those things where it's not perpetual. Every now and then you see it. It seems erratic, yeah. You push on for a few more hours, and trying to think back how long you've been here, the time passes in a strange way to the point where you have no way of understanding how much time has gone by, but you're starting to get a little tired like you would towards the end of a day's worth of travel. You come up over a large hillside, and you can see now, there's a base of a mountain range that you can make out a little bit in the distance that meets up where that flickering is. You can see what appears to be now the source of the flickering. There looks to be some sort of a civilization. There are towers. There appears to be a stone ring around it. It's hard to make out the details from this distance, but it looks fairly large. It's in the side of the mountain range. Just grass fields. As far as you can see, and then the hill line eventually gets so high in the distance where you can't see past it. You see the mountain range and whatever the source of this glimmer is, this strange, city-like series of structures at the base of that mountain range. Go ahead and roll a perception check on your end, as well, Vax. As you're getting up, sure, go ahead and make one, because you get a better view, as well. 25. Vax, it's hard at this distance to make out much of the information, especially with the grass being as high as it is, and the hill beyond it. For the most part, the folks that can get a clear bead are those that are above the grass line and keeping a keen eye, which Vex is. From what you can see... every now and then, you see tiny little bits of movement in the grass, maybe a quarter mile one way. You can see a similar type winding shape in the grass a mile or so the other way. It's even further out. There are other things moving in the grass, but none of them are breaking the grass surface. But they appear to be singular, at least in the shifting of movement. You do catch a smaller source of movement in the grass, no more than 30 feet off from where the rest of your party is currently walking. Yeah. You swoop down, and over view of that, you can see what appears to be a small humanoid that is curling through the grass line. Looks human. Big, thick curled beard, very coarse dark hair. A muscled torso; stocky, but strong. What appears to be a light blue vest that's covering the upper part of the torso, most of the buttons missing, and the bottom of it tattered and worn. The hindquarters themselves are fur and come into cloven hooves, and you can see a small pair of horns hooking off the back of the head. This individual is skulking through the grass, carrying a small book and a long quill, and he's occasionally leaping up over the grass line, landing, and then drawing something in the book. He does not see you at the moment, no. You're overhead. As soon as you come down and whisper, the tome slams shut. The figure stands up straight, slowly turns the eyes towards you, and you can see the dark and ruddy skin, the sun-touched nose and cheeks, a darker, more leathered texture to them, but the eyes are piercing ice blue as he looks back into yours. "Nothing." "Just taking notes." "Yes." "Because why not?" "You see, if you're worried, it's not me you need to worry about. It's him." And points past your shoulder. Make an insight check, yeah. 16? He seems like a slippery person in general, though he is caught off guard and right now is in self-preservation mode. It's hard to gauge if he's telling the truth or not. "I don't-- I'm not a biter. I'm not the biter in this area." And he starts backing up towards the grass. You grab his wrist and fly up? (whimpers) I need you to make a grapple check. Go ahead and make an athletics. He pulls away, and as your hand grabs his wrist, he attempts to slip his hand out. Fingers pull through from your grasp as you double over your other hand and grab him by the elbow. You lift up and pull him out of the grass field, now dangling his little feet in the middle of the air. As he's being dragged up, the quill gets dropped, and he looks for it, and the book's tumbling out of his hand. He grabs the book and clutches it to himself. "What are you doing?" There is nothing visible in the vicinity. "Please! This is really high!" (whimpers) You drag him down, the broom coasting right over the grass line, presenting you and your new compatriot to the rest of Vox Machina. Dangling from her grasp. "Hey, friend. You look like a smart fellow. Let's have a conversation." "I am but a simple wanderer and an individual who enjoys learning about things that "are new and different." "Garmelie." "Garmelie." "I'm--" "Nothing! No reading!" He tries to wiggle out of your grasp, but it does nothing. You're concrete around him. (giggles) "No!" It's a very finely bound book. The leather is impeccable. It's oiled. There's a brass metallic trim around the edges of it and the binding. There is a thick piece of red velvet strip that is set as a bookmarker in the center of it. (whimpers) (laughter) "There's really nothing going on. I was curious and taking notes." "You wouldn't understand." By the way, he's being held up by Grog right now. What's the DC? Okay. As you, touching his leg and looking up at him, there's that shimmer of purplish energy in your eyes, and he gives you a look. "Right, no worries. No problems whatsoever. Whatever you need." You don't know about the quill. You know the book that he had. Do you want to try to open the book? "Yes, it's quite safe." "It's where I'm currently making notes." All right. The picture you come to, as of right now, is a very finely detailed sketch of Grog. Very well drawn, but he has bulging eyes, big buck teeth, and a very tiny penis. (laughter) "Many! So many. That's one of them." There are drawings of the entire party, but with extremely exaggerated cartoonish parody features. For Pike, her head is extremely large. Yeah, with a hint of Mad Magazine. It's essentially a book full of dickbutts. It's him drawing and vandalizing the image of a number of you guys. There's a picture of Vax and Keyleth that are both covered in poo and slapping it on their face. Written in Elvish, "I love this!" with a word bubble. It's essentially a kid entertaining himself with a bunch of stupid pictures. "No. No record keeper." You start seeing a number of elven individuals. You see people in really nice regal armor, but all of them are pooping themselves. There's a bunch of elvish ladies with oversized floppy boobs smacking each other in the face. It's truly childish. But they're really well drawn and well shaded! There is a serious talent to the artwork. His skewed intent of imagery is fascinating. "That! That is the elven city of Syngorn. They've been here for a little while, and they've "been a gracious source of subjects." "I live wherever I please. I choose my place to rest." "I've got family and friends all over, yes. They're just a ways away." "I know it well, yes." "It's hard to guide when you're being crushed by a giant green-gray man thing." "Chicken?" "Where do you want to go?" Make a perception check. That quill fell in the center of a tall grass field. You spend the better part of the next 20 minutes realizing that there is no way you're finding this quill amongst the grass. This is the needle in a hay factory. Make an investigation check. Best you can find throughout his body, the only thing that catches your attention is a now-crushed ocarina that he had on the inside of his pocket that did not survive the grasping of Grog. "I understand. Look, if we are to strike an accord here, one of friendly trade of services, I "would greatly appreciate it's done without this very handsome, muscled-- " You see it (drip) off his nose. "Without this man trying to smash my innards, please." As you finish the incantation, the shimmering doorway of Scanlan's magnificent mansion outlines within the grass field, only emerging about a foot beyond the actual tallest part of the grass. You have to bow down to get into it. But you guys all enter, along with your new friend, Garmelie, into the mansion itself. We'll take a break there, and we'll jump back into this crazed circumstance here in a few minutes. We'll see you guys shortly. [break] I'm talking about it. They have a Critical Role panel that they've announced in the thing they put out-- Yes, one of those. Emails, newsletters. Thank you. Critical Role stuff happening. I will be there all four days so panels and stuff coming up. Cool. We'll have more info as that's unveiled. But those of you going to GenCon, hopefully I'll have some cool stuff ready for you then. That's one mention. Also want to give another thanks again to Loot Crate for being our awesome sponsor! (cheering) I've just been notified that once we hit 25k subscribers, that goal, whenever we reach that, will be 25k and a talent show. I guess a lot of the hosts and people involved with this show and others have a lot of random weird-ass talents that they want to reveal on the internet, because what could possibly go wrong? So that's something to look forward to. And we'll have other things intermittently, giveaways and other goals, but that's the next big goal that's been put out there as far as I know, so I want to let you guys be aware of that. Is it the otter taming finger? 22k and a red panda. Unofficial! Badly poached? There you go. Affectionately. All right, guys, so back in the game. As you guys find your way into the interior of Scanlan's magnificent mansion, the individual, the fey creature known as Garmelie, nervously walks along with you. What do you wish to do before an evening's rest is taken? A bunch of the servants (whoosh) shimmer out next to him and he's like (nervous whimper). "Hello." "Hi." "A little." "Winter-- seasons-- It's not really a thing here." "They grew." "Yes, please." You pass the ale around. He skulls it. (gulps) He greedily drinks it down. "So. If we're here to talk and make this deal we're discussing, what is it you want from me?" A slight slur. "It's a busy place right now. We haven't seen the city of Syngorn in close to a hundred "years, at the very least, and they have an entire army building up right now. It's hustle and bustle." "Hell if I know. I just wandered through and used that distraction to acquire a few things and "make some fantastic notes." "Things." "I don't steal. I borrow indefinitely." "I take things that look nice that I think I would want." "I am no simple street thief. I am a procurer of wayward items and objects that need a "better home." Make a deception check. "Oh, I'm sure it does, big man." "Well, good to know." "Look, I'm not going to take anything from you. You've already proven far more of a match for "me than I had ever anticipated, and what was meant to be a simple, fun game of follow and-- follow "has turned into a much more complicated circumstance, so I'd like to get it over with as "soon as possible." "My quill is gone! You've threatened me and my life!" "It had sentimental value. I can get another." "What do you want from me?" "You want to go to the Shademirk? Whatever for? Why would you go to the Shademirk?" "Yes. Why?" "To stay the hell out of it, certainly. Want to go to the Shademirk? Be my guest!" He takes it from you. He sloshes it around and makes wild gestures. "It's a dangerous place. "It's been a source of vileness and ichor here in the Feywild for hundreds of years. It's a "terrible, horrible cesspool of nothing. I'm so sorry, this is getting everywhere." "Both! All of it!" "Creatures, things, trollish slime creatures." "I sketched a thing or two." You take a moment to scan through, and there are all sorts of creatures, all drawn stupidly, many with extra private parts coming out of shoulders and stuff. "Around page 163, 164." And you see, and there are creatures all throughout, but at that page in particular, you see a lanky, tall humanoid that is oozing black, thick, viscous tar. It's shaded in a way where it looks like it has that glaze that only thick, oil-like substances really give off. And it's dragging this absolutely unnecessarily large dong behind it about four feet. Every picture looks pretty good to a point, and then you're like, "aw, really?" "It's a little bigger than you." Gestures and takes his drink back. "I haven't gotten close enough to it." "I know how to get there, but it's not an easy, let alone safe, route." "So you're saying that as part of this agreement, I will be your guide to the outskirts "of the Shademirk? Because I am not going in there." "The land there is poisoned. I haven't gone in there myself. I'm sure there's many poison trees." "Day and a half, maybe? Duskward-seaward, maybe?" "Then let us make the other side of this agreement. You want me to be your guide, you'll "give me back my book." He sets the drink down. "Back my book, and--" He looks at the rest of you. "You seem to speak like you know thievery, yes?" "There's a few things in that there dreary elvish city that I haven't the skills to procure, "but if you wouldn't mind maybe borrowing them for me in my stead, well, we've a done deal." "If you will." "We make the agreement first." "We make the agreement first. Consider it a bit of trust!" "Nope, no. No Shademirk. I'm out. Sorry." "If it's that important to you to go to this dark place, then keep the book, all right? I can "draw more." "Yes." "It's that simple. We both go our separate ways, and good luck finding the Shademirk on your own." You can make an insight check, but he's not acting too far out of his normal place here. It's an interestingly tense conversation. It's hard to ride one way or the other, but it's a valid point. If worse comes to worst, and what he's asking for is beyond your grasp or something that you wish not to do, then the deal is off and you go your separate ways. They did. It wasn't a huge army, per se, but they had trained forces, and they had a means of defending their city. "I like this one." Take your d10. Mending spell? Do you have the cantrip? Mending is a cantrip. Right. So you have the spell, correct? Cantrips you have at all times. What cantrips do you know? How would you use Druidcraft? Actually, it's made out of clay, yeah. Okay. Using what materials are within the workshop that you had before, there is a very mild adhesive paste that you construct. Go ahead and make a tinkering roll. This will be with your intelligence modifier. Very rapidly, with the things that are given at your disposal, not even needing the materials here, but what you have on you as part of your traveling tinkering kit, you piece together a nearly unnoticeable binding agent for clay and dirt and earth-based materials. You manage to fix the ocarina rather quickly, in a period of maybe 20 minutes, and with the help of Keyleth's Druidcraft, dry it and manage to get it fixed. "Thank you. That's one good deed you've done me today. I appreciate that." (whistles) It's awful. He doesn't really know how to play, and it's like (off-key singing). "If I can find my quill." "I like you! Well. Are we at an agreement? "Whoever your leader is! Shake my hand." Before you got your hand there, Vax, Vex put her hand in, and both of you guys clasp both sides of his hand at the same time. A trio handshake. All right, so you guys shake hands with him. You feel this shiver on your back as you shake hands, and he smiles. "Very well. Now, we've properly gotten acquainted. My sharper "introductions are in order." He stands up and wobbles for a second, a little drunk on the ale. "My name is Garmelie. I am a simple joy finder of the ever-shifting grasses, and I am happy to be your guide for the remainder of this journey to the outskirts of the Shademirk, and no further. "Three things you wish you avoid as you progress further. As we are traveling through the "Moonbrush, alongside the Green Sea-- we could take one or the other, your choice. Eventually finding "our way to the Gilded Run, and from there on to the Shademirk itself. I'll be leaving you at the "outskirts of the Gilded Run, but it should suffice for the journey you wish to have ahead. "Things you wish to avoid. One, the Hut of Wodenna. She's a terrible woman. You see a hut, don't go. You may smell enticing things." "Wodenna. Delightful smells, sounds of soft music, a gentle light across the shade and sea. "Two words at once. I'm drunk. But do not go near the hut. Avoid the hut. No hut! "Two. Avoid the Last Campsite of Sorudun the Happy." "Avoid it. Trust me, avoid it. If there's a campsite that's empty, looks happy? Avoid it. And "three, avoid the theater." "Avoid the theater." "In general. I hate all theater. Let's avoid the theater, please!" Do it. He seems pretty perturbed by the idea of theater. "She's been around a while." "That's a name. Best to avoid. Trust me." "Great. Wondrous. And who are you, by the way?" "Vox Machina Slayer's Take. Very well. Pleasure to meet you all, Vox Machina Slayer's "Take." He holds his drink out for you to fill again. "I don't care. Thank you. Now, the deal is made, drink's been had, introductions have been "properly given. I think it's time for bed." He takes two steps forward, (thud) face-first in the center of the main area, and starts snoring loudly. Make a sleight of hand check. Make a sleight of hand check. You sneak forward, and in a move that would've made Vax proud, you pull the ocarina from his grasp, show it to the rest of the party, and tuck it away. Roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Okay. You cast the spell. You didn't feel anything in particular. As they're being cast. So you still can't use it. (laughter) And the 20 guards lift his form and carry him off. Perfect. Everyone else go to bed? It's pretty coarse. All right. So this is your second level of exhaustion. Oh, that's right! You did sleep. Correct. So you do take another point of exhaustion now, so you're back to one point of exhaustion. So all your ability checks are at disadvantage. All right. Anyone else doing anything? There you go. All right. Percy, as you're getting ready to go to bed, you feel this strange tickle at the back of your head that dissipates. It is the fading of a Charm Person spell. As you're going to bed. Okay. Scanlan is reading in his room with the door slightly ajar. Right now. Keyleth is at rest, Grog is at rest, Vax is at rest. Vex is still up, cleaning your garments, you said, right? And Pike, you went to bed but are waking up early, correct? So essentially, it's just Vex who's awake. That's entirely up to your opinion. You know the attire she wears; you've traveled with her. It's based on what you want to base that judgment on, whether it be pure looks, the person inside. It's whatever Percival thinks she would be in his eyes. So you guys go your separate ways. You find yourself eventually to bed as the rest of the group is asleep. Vex, you take a bit of solace in the conversation, finish cleaning your things, though it doesn't seem like the incessant scrubbing you were driven on has much purpose, nor the impact you thought it might at this point, and you resign yourself to sleep for the evening. As the evening comes to a close, Pike, you wake up early. As you come out of your room, you struggle with the view of 20 guards slowly shifting through the foyer as a very hungover and groaning satyr begins clomping through the main foyer, going, "Breakfast, please? Please, breakfast?" "Yes! Someone they listen to! Thank you!" Rubbing his eyes as he follows you into the kitchen. He comes up onto one of the long benches in the center of one of the main dining tables. "Are you poisoning me?!" "What is this?" "I don't like coffee." "Something that's not coffee." The servants look at each other, confused, and wander off and come back with a carafe of an apple juice. "That is familiar. Thank you." He takes the carafe. Okay. "Yes." "What do you mean?" "Well, it's hard to do without seeing the subjects, but if you want to fill in the details?" "All right. Well, I need a quill or some charcoal." "He gave me a feather. It has to be refined into a quill." There is no quill in the kitchen, but glancing around and asking the servants, there are pieces of charcoal. There is charcoal available, sketch charcoal. "Of course." "All right." "You first?" "All right." You hear the gentle lyrical stylings of Celine Dion swell in background as the satyr quickly begins sketching your charcoal form. "I don't know what that means, but I'll do my best." In rapid time, faster than anyone you've ever seen sketch, his form almost becomes blurred with the haste in which he draws, and within the hour, he has completed an extremely well-detailed portrait. And I mean portrait, as everyone is standing shoulder to shoulder like a family above a mantel, and it is grotesque. Horrifying. You look like perhaps the Trickfoots had been keeping the bloodline strong for a very long period of time. Droopy face, one eye sinking below the other. You don't even have the right number of fingers. You see Grog in the back, who is as wide as the rest of everybody, is behind them, this giant wall with this tiny little head, with a tongue lolling out to the side. It looks like he has one finger as a thumbs-up and the other one's up his bum. In the front, you see Vex and Vax, the twins, are furiously making out in a really horrible display, clutching each other. It's terrifying. Keyleth is currently clutching the side of a tree happily, and as she does, her eyes are going in different directions, and the tree itself is trying to push her off the branch. You see Percy, who is extremely tall with this squat, thin head with these giant glasses that make his eyes bug-eyed and strange. You see a little bit of scruff on the chin that's actually turning into this long, awful, matted dingleberry mess of a goatee, and he has both of his guns pointed at his head. Next to that is a perfectly defined, unchanged portrait of Scanlan Shorthalt. Okay. Eventually you all come to consciousness, brought to the wonderful, welcome morning scent of, once again, a chickenful breakfast. You find yourselves down to a once again passed-out satyr, slumped over the breakfast table with two plates of mostly devoured chicken, mashed potatoes, and a couple other side elements. There above, on the mantel across the room, is a glorious sketch of the family of Vox Machina. "Yes, what? What? Hi!" "It's a gift." Make a persuasion check. He goes, "I thought I'd leave you a little present." "Eat up, and we'll be on our way!" He notices the tension from Percy and Grog. "Defending myself! As was warranted." "I'm certain that was a necessary precaution." "Wondrous. I had hoped as such, because we have much to gain." "It is a little late." "I'm going to show you." "Something like that." "Good. That's not the first time I've heard that." Make an intimidation check. (stuttering) "I hope it never comes to that." "I can make addendums to the art piece, if you're unhappy." "Many times." "No." "I'll show you. As part of the agreement, it'll be unveiled upon arrival." "Great. Now, finish your food! Much to do. Much to see. Much to take." (off-key music) "Where did-- What?" "They giveth, and they take away." "Well, then. Eat well." And he makes his way toward the door, and the guards stop him there. "I'll just sit here, then." And sits on the floor, waiting for you guys to finish. "What do you mean?" "Deals are meant to be kept. Should you go against a deal that you've made, especially in "here, these realms, there are consequences, so don't stray from the deal." Sure. Make a performance check. 13. In a very rudimentary, kindergarten recorder way (off-key music) It's a little shaky, but you get the hang of it. It's the only sound in the room. It's dead quiet as you do this in the middle of breakfast, with food being brought to the table. "She has my ocarina." "Eat your breakfast." He sits there and pouts. As you guys finish your meal, laughing and enjoying yourselves. He somehow recedes even further into his grumpy self, his neck disappearing as his head pulls into his torso. You guys finish your breakfast. The guards come with you and escort you and your ally outside the door. As you exit, the-- You've tried taking things out of the mansion, and they've turned to dust. You take it down, talk, put it back up. No worries. As you guys exit the mansion, the dusk light of the sky has not changed. You get the idea here, at least since you've arrived, that there has been no movement in the sun. You haven't even seen the sun. The light source of dusk beyond the distant mountains and horizon is stuck in the dusk hour, with the threat and curl of midnight in the opposite direction, the dark blue coming over the horizon, unmoving. It also is raining gently. There is a rather heavy cloud that has come over, and it's not a terrible downpour, but a gentle rainfall has been here for a while, and the floor between the grasses is quite slushy as you step out. (squelch) No, that faded with the night's rest. A few hours, maybe. Okay. You guys would have to get close together to do that, but it's doable as a cantrip. She keeps this general revolving sphere of wind above that scatters most of the rain to the sides. For the most part, Grog, you still get pretty damp because of your size and difficulty, but most everyone else can stay pretty dry as you cluster together, walking through the grass. You travel for another hour or so before the grass towards the outskirts of the mountain range in the city begins to slowly subside. It grows thinner and shorter, and you come to a bit of marshland, almost. Treeless, open marshland with little bushes in clusters. Anything you guys want to-- Okay, perception check. Okay. As you guys begin walking into the marsh, you can see there are areas where it's elevated mud patches, where it's very shallow water, maybe an inch at most, and there are a few different areas that get noticeably deep and murky. You watch to avoid those elements. You're not sure what might be beneath, if anything, but you naturally move through this terrain carefully. You do notice that, occasionally, upon this walk, you see, different from the rest of the bushes and pieces of terrain, these deep bluish purple sprout leaves, almost like carrot tops, very leafy plant top emerges in places, occasionally clusters of two or three. There aren't a lot of them, but many of them occur throughout the walk in this swampy landscape. "Oh, these are best to be avoided. They're mandrake. Don't disturb them. Don't pull them out. "Don't do anything with them." "Best left to the side." You guys make your way through the marsh, occasionally passing by the mandrake tops, until it begins to subside, the marshland itself, and you come towards the base of the city before you. You see a massive, ivy-covered wall of jade-like stone surrounding a dense cluster of towering trees unlike those in any of the surrounding forests or the one you left. It is an open plain, and then within the city walls, there are trees emerging many stories into the air. Trees that you guys recognize have always been there. These trees came with the city, and they're actually from the Verdant Expanse where Syngorn usually resides. As you walk closer, you can see large sealed gates every so often along the outer wall. Every so often, you see these gates embedded in the wall, housing a massive emblem of a crescent moon flanked by two trees over a deep cerulean stone about two feet across. Twins, you know these as the threshold crests. These are the enchanted crests that enable the city to travel back and forth between the Feywild, should it be necessary. They're powerful, and they're rarely utilized, as the journey is not always accurate. It seemingly did so this time. Make a perception check, guys. Everybody who's paying attention. Just past marsh into flatland. 20? Okay. You guys continue towards the front of the gate. There's nobody on the outside of it. It's a solid, outside city. You can see white and gray tower spires that streak up from inside, some of which are entwined by trees that wrap around the base and cluster around the center of the tower's height, like its own canopy belt, if you will. As you get even closer still, you can see the white walls themselves are replaced with heavy gold and brass, gold-leaf edging across the top, and at each one of the various nooks where the solid stone walls are adjoined, this is a very intricately carved and well-crafted wall. Probably as part of the enchantment that was placed on it, amongst others, to keep it defended. You get about a hundred feet from the wall before you, Vex, hear (scrape) a quick sound. You leap back instinctually as all of you watch a series of bolts and arrows (arrow impacts) across the floor right in front of you. You all stop in place. You can now see, up on the wall, dozens of figures atop, with longbows, and some with crossbows, drawn and nocked, trained on all of you. There's a pause, and they're still 100 feet away from you. One of the voices says, "Who is us, if I might ask?" There's a little bit of a conversation. You see a couple of figures disappear behind the wall. About five minutes pass, and as you guys get a little fidgety or one of you makes a swift movement, you can see the drawn bows tense up. They're trained on any movement you guys give at this moment. As time passes, an individual steps up to the top of the wall, adorned in similar Syngorian armor, but the helmet is taken off, and you see a woman with deep crimson hair braided to one side and shaved on the other. She steps up and looks out. "Vex'ahlia. Vax'ildan." "The Vessar twins return. Do I know why? What is your business here in Syngorn?" "And the rest of your company?" Make a persuasion check, both of you. "Come forth to the gate. Relieve your arrows, please." The guards all take their bows off of you and release the tension in the strings. The woman turns and steps off the wall again. You can see the very front gate, the front of the wall, opens ever so slightly, about a five-foot gap left. As you guys walk single file, continuing towards the city, your satyr friend stays in the very back behind you, clutching. (whimpering) As you glance back, Grog, he's not there. Still tugging, he's holding on to you, but has lost visibility. As you guys approach, there waiting at the side of the gate within are about ten guards and this individual. She looks a little more battle-hardened and wasn't elevated before, was just one of the guards when you were children, but this is Iova. Now Watcher Iova, the Watchers which guard the wall. She appears to be of an elevated status within the Watchers of Syngorn. As you approach, she lowers her head in a respectful bow, but still not breaking eye contact, and has an aloof and distanced expression. "Time has passed since you were finding your own path. Surprised to see you return here, "especially so far from the material realms." "Is your father aware of your arrival?" "He is now. You and your guests will be watched. You will be followed, until otherwise "given proof and permission from individuals higher than my station within the city, preferably your father." "Now, go. And welcome to Syngorn." She turns around, puts her helmet on, and half the guard walk away, while another six remain behind, keeping watch. As the rest of you approach and find your way within the city walls, you're met with an astounding cityscape. Hundreds of homes and buildings and sanctuaries, formed with a natural grace and keen architectural mind as to seem almost grown from the trees and earth themselves. Upon closer look and a nearby inspection, you can see the craftsmanship, but from a distance, it's almost like they were born from the materials, than they were built or crafted. You can see distant magical lantern light shines all across the city, like the start of a glittering snowfall, as the rest of the streets themselves are ever lit by these little shining beacons. The center of the ageless place is divided by a grand lake of pure blue water, a roiling mist drifting across the surface, obscuring the view of boats currently on the surface of the water. You do notice a large military presence within the city, as the armored guard of Syngorn, these individuals, the armored military force known as the Verdant Guard, are walking throughout the city. Not with a hurried pace, but there is a general tension in the air, far more than you've ever seen in all the years that you did spend in your youth within Syngorn. That's where we'll finish our session for the evening. It's 1030, though. As I look down and once again notice my Tick Spoons shirt I've had on the entire evening, my overshirt seems to have been shortening it to-- Or even better-- Spoon! It's intended to be. It all works fine. Both ways it's the new Scanlan shirt. Poon and poo! Scanlan Shorthalt. Autobiography. Well, great, guys! Thank you so much. We'll be picking up the next length of this journey in the reunion of Vex and Vax with their father, Syldor Vessar. And you did notice that they were referred to as the Vessar twins. Whether they use the name, that's up to them, and I don't think that they do. But that it is. All right, folks, we'll see you guys, some of you, live at the-- well, we'll see you all live next week, but some of you we'll see at the actual venue in person. You guys are awesome. That's okay. Ashley, I'm glad you could join us.