Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. We have an Ashley Johnson in transit from the airport, fresh from her vacation. She'll be here asap. This is true. Should be the tundra. Sounds like a great place to spend-- That's true. That's true. Anyway, so Ashley will be joining us as soon as she arrives. Coming in hot! In the meantime, let's go ahead and cruise through our announcements. Let's see. Do we have any updates on merch at all, Laura? What do you got? What? I still remember when we printed ourselves a hundred shirts on this show, hoping that maybe some people will buy some. It's pretty cool, too, because if you want to balance or find out and make sure the dice are perfectly balanced, you put it in the water but then you can't use the dice anymore because it just makes it soap. This is true. So fresh and so clean. All righty. Taliesin, Wednesday Club coming up. 'Cause they're awesome. So that's Wednesday Club on Wednesday at noon to 2PM. Perfecto. New episode of Signal Boost went up this week. Marisha, you want to talk about that? (singsong) Hannah Mahoney. That's one of the coolest names. Pretty sure a Street Fighter character says that when they make an attack. Like, I want that name so bad. It's amazing. There you go. Actually, can you please do that? It's ten seconds long, and that's the entire episode. All righty. So, next up. (laughter) And I would-- please, I would beg you, nobody put that laser in my eye. Please. I've already got lasers in them once. Children. Children! Thanks, whoever sent those. It's great. I love it. (laughter) Speedy recovery! Aw, that won't stop you, Sam. This is true. Awesome. And then we have this fantastic scenario. Yeah, it's a velcro duvet cover. That's amazing. I love the giant mustache, there's a giant mustache on there. Does it really? There you go, yeah, there is a mustache, that's awesome. Unearned accolades. We'll fix it in post. All right, so, let's get ready to dive in. I know today's been a harrowing day for a lot of people. It's gonna be okay. And don't forget what this feels like. That's all I have to say. We love you so much. It's gonna be all right. Don't forget. On that note, everyone, let's go ahead and bring ourselves in to dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. Welcome back. (laughter) Yeah, no shit, and you know what? I'm stronger for it. So thank you guys. You've been training me with weights on for two years now. So, last we left off, Vox Machina, having completed their venture over the past few arcs, having freed Whitestone from the tyranny of the Briarwoods, having brought down the Chroma Conclave, and essentially brought freedom back to Tal'Dorei, you closed up some loose ends, Keyleth finished her Aramente, and you all went to your business for a year-long time jump. You returned, and each of you recounted the things you wished to accomplish in that year, culminating in a Winter's Crest beachside vacation in the Bay of Gifts at the Port of Shamel, which involved some escalating pranks. Yes, with a "T". And it is so named because it is such a centralized port for trade across the various continents in that area, so it's a place where it's affluent, and it's funny, it's kind of ironic, 'cause everything there is expensive, as you found out. But, nevertheless, you returned to your home in Whitestone, and reconvened, especially after building your bake shop in Whitestone, but she's not paying attention, so that's fine. That's okay. Anyway, so. (laughs) I know, seriously. But upon situating yourselves after you've returned, and enjoying this peaceful period of recovery and expansion of Whitestone itself, there was an arrival on the outskirts of the city. There was a cart, horses pulling a group of four gnomes that all eventually revealed themselves to be family of Pike Trickfoot. After taking them in, whether or not you were excited or eager to, nevertheless, you treated them with hospitality, you gave them a place to stay, you gave them food for the evening, conversations were had, information was passed around, and a handful of you, upon listening in on some of the conversations and pushing for information with the eldest of them, Uncle Ogden, discovered some sort of true purpose as to why they came to Whitestone, dealing with, apparently, a long-running blood curse that lies in the Trickfoot family. And Ogden, having visions, had, along with the rest of the family that takes care of him, made their way towards Whitestone as the information gathered by JB Trickfoot, the esteemed keeper of knowledge about your journey over the past year or so, and the exploits of her cousin, Pike, has told you. So, that being the case, you've promised them a tour of the grounds, and, perhaps, seeking more information about what the next steps are in regarding this curse, if there are any. So, with that, you all finish your evening. Eating of your meals, drinking deep of your cups, and eventually finding yourselves resting 'til the night took you and sleep was had. The morning comes, you wake up rested, and the day is yours. What do you wish to do? Get here soon, Ashley! Please! Have you guys informed Pike of this information? At the end of the last-- yeah, so she's like, "I mean, I think we should. Right?" And you watch as she fans out this new blouse. It's not the finest craftsmanship, but functional enough. She goes (sighs), rubs it against her face. "That's nice." And squeezes into it. "Right away, Lady." Rushes off quickly. As this is happening, Johann's in the process of eating a breakfast that primarily consists of just fine cakes. He has clusters of dried baked good around the outside of his mouth and caught in his mustache, he's freshly washed his hair, freshly combed over and slicked with whatever equivalent of pomade he carries with himself. And as you walk by, you see this-- like he has the plate and there's just a crumb-circle around it that has emerged, and is in the process of his gluttonous eating, he stops and goes, "Such delicacies are a "rare treat! You have to make time to enjoy the little things in life, don't you? At least when "the opportunity arises." Pulls up his shirt and dabs at his mouth. It barely touches any of the actual food that's around his mouth area. He stops and goes, "Right, right, of course, of course. We'll just wait for "old Ogden to find his way down. He's a bit of a stickler when it comes to his time. So be patient, "sit down, let's have a meal! Why not get to know each other a little better, yes?" At which point, as you're having this conversation, the large bear starts lumbering up, armor clattering as it approaches the table with absolutely no care or interest in the gnomish guy at the table, who immediately goes, "Oh! My-my-my-my!" And he backs out the center of his seat as the bear immediately (impact sounds) paws up and (slurps) starts licking up the crumbs and pieces of wayward pastry that have not found their way to the gnome's mouth, at which point he stands up off of his chair and rights himself. "Hm. Well. I'm stuffed. Let's go see how Ogden's doing. Astra!" "I'll be-- let me just finish this." "All right, we'll pick you up in a second. I'll go check in on Ogden." And he gets up and walks past, up the stairs. You are searching for what? Make an investigation check, please. So you're both searching? So make an investigation check with advantage. Okay. Takes you a little bit, and you're being careful not to be too loud, 'cause the last thing you want is Cassandra to come in and watch you tearing through her outfits. But you do find what essentially amounts to a wide-brimmed captain's hat. It comes almost to a tri-corner point at the front and curves upward. It's mostly used for costuming purposes, it's reminiscent of masquerade balls, it's used for-- you actually recall, when she was younger, it was part of her masquerade ball wear. There was a mask with a long nose. Yeah, you find ribbons easily enough. Make a dexterity check. Okay. Oh no. You successfully-- (laughs) You successfully create what is a bombastic bow of varying layers that plumes out three times. It resembles ribbon candy, almost, in the way that it billows out multiple ways, but it is pinned to the top, so it poofs as it cascades down the sides of the hat. Okay. Not in Cassandra's room, but there is the royal stable not far away, which does have bells available in case they want to have parade accoutrements for the various horses and other afforded creatures. No, they're like jingle bells. So yeah, over the next ten minutes or so, between your journey and your finding the proper feather plume, you guys manage to cobble together a delightfully ostentatious hat for Grog's presentory tour of Whitestone. Okay, okay, cool. There you go. He has a couple of dangly bells. Perfect. This magnificent mess of a hat that you guys have created is on par, if not slightly beyond, the previous helmet that he had acquired while in Syngorn. So. With that completed, what do you wish to do? Well, JB hasn't come down yet. Actually, while they're doing this, you guys are waiting, kind of having your own meals, and getting the day started. Eventually, you see Johann come down the spiral stairs that lead back to the main entryway to the castle, and behind, you see JB helping Uncle Ogden down, step by step, he still has his walking staff as he makes his way down. And they slowly make their way into the dining hall, sit down, and a simple meal of very, very soft oatmeal is presented for Uncle Ogden at their request before resting the night before, and JB gets her breakfast, and Johann is proud of the fact that he managed to acquire them, though it was not much of an ordeal on his end. Goes and joins Astra, and they seem to be eagerly awaiting the eventuality of this tour that they're all excited for. So you now can approach JB if you'd like. "To be honest, I just kinda want to see the history. I wanna see how long it's been here, I "wanna see makes up the entirety of this crazy place. I haven't been inside a castle before, so "this is a new experience for me." "Well, how could I say no to that, honey?" "I'm excited!" "Right. I'm not one to judge. I mean, you've seen Ogden." And you glance over at Ogden, who's now in the process of trying to comb the oatmeal out of his beard while he's muttering below his breath. (incoherent muttering) "What?" "Of course!" (snoring) Which he did. He's staring at you, beginning to snore loudly, and JB's like, "Ogden. Ogden." She flicks him in the side of the head, and he goes (chomps) and takes the spoon that she's holding out with the oatmeal and just-- "Get me a beer?" "No." And JB's like, "Ogden." She helps him put it back down on the table. "Ah. It's been years since I've had a good drink." "Yes." And you can see JB's looking kind of nervous. She's like, "Actually, he probably shouldn't." And she takes him and pushes the drink toward Grog. He's like, "I'm a grown boy!" She seems outnumbered and extremely uncomfortable in the circumstance, as you look over at Johann, who's like, (laughs) "Oh, this is gonna be a fun tour, boy." As he watches as Uncle Ogden lifts the, what by his size is rather large, cup of... beer-- that's the one, it's been a long week. Finishes it in three massive gulps, sets it down. "I don't know. Honestly, he's been off the wagon for about 20 years, so I'm curious to see." Carrying a magnificent hat in your hand. No, he seems to grow the same. He seems relatively unfazed. As you both bow, and you say this phrase, you watch as Johann and Astra, they bow low as well. No! Not at all! No, here's the thing it was designed for a much smaller head. So, even for you to get it on, it's like squeezing a tiny rubber thimble over your thumb. So it's like (creaking, boop!). It pops up on the very, very tip. So it holds itself, but it only really covers the very, very top of your head. You feel like it might fall off, but eventually you find a little strap inside. And as the strap finds itself solid across your jawline, the gnomes, one by one, line up behind you, looking at you excitedly, Ogden and JB at the rear, and he's like, "What's going on?" You see Johann and Astra, arm-in-arm, walk to the side, and as JB takes the arm of Uncle Ogden, walks him forward. He stumbles up in your direction, looks up, and goes, "That's terrible! Where are we going?" "Yay!" (laughter) All right. All right. So the three of you find your way, borrowing the carpet temporarily, you gather the gnomes. So, wait, who-- the weight of all the gnomes, the goliath-- You're walking. All right. So. Okay. Easy enough. All right. So. As you all leap onto the carpet except for Grog, Grog, you begin taking them around the grounds. You begin through the castle. Where do you want to begin? (laughs) All right. The carpet glides you guys to the outskirts of the castle. You begin taking them along the grounds, around the perimeter wall, and then through one of the underneath gates to the back garden, which you've recovered, and are now starting to actually grow again. You have like a small hedge maze back there, some rose gardens, and a small pond. You've filled in the exhaust holes that were used for the distillation of the whitestone and the acid pits that were installed by the Briarwoods. Now it is actually a garden once more. And so as this happens, you watch as Astra gets really excited at the edge of the carpet and is like, "Ooh my, look "at this place, it's like natural!" (snores) (laughter) "No, please, that's interesting!" Johann is like, "Ghost stories, you say, huh?" (snores) Both of the gnomes now turn back to Grog and go, "Anyway, what's next on the tour?" Johann is like, "I like the sound of target practice, that's right up my alley. "Take us there, boy!" They both shake their head. "I have no idea what you're talking about, but let's go!" All right. As you guys make your way along the rest of the tour, the rest of you, who are not on this tour, what are you doing? Okay. Oh, it was amazing. Kind of, a very oversized one. It's wide-brimmed and floppy and it's got all these ribbons cascading. Timely. There you go, Grog. So Vex, Pike, Keyleth, Taryon. What are you guys doing? All right. You make your way to the Sun Tree. It's about ten in the morning, time-wise, by the time you get going, and you see them kind of gliding around the outskirts of the castle, doing their slow traveling tour. As you approach the Sun Tree, where are you going? Heading to Westruun? You've seen it before. You've been to the house, you've stayed there, so you know the tree she mentions, yeah. All right, as you guys step through the portal created on the outskirts of the Sun Tree, you step through into-- I wouldn't say it's a yard, it's not a big yard, it's more of a small-- what would be used as a storage space behind this building, but you have the two-story red brick building that is your-- and, for a while, Grog's-- home of upbringing. Wilhand is not in the backyard, however, you do see that there is a lot of leftover building materials from the reconstruction of the second story, which sustained damage from the original assault of the Conclave. But looking up at the roof, which last you saw was amid disarray, looks like it's been reconstructed and completed, and the home is once again whole. You knock on the door. There's a slight pause. A little voice inside goes, "Eh? Who is it?" "In the yard?" Another moment passes before the back door opens, which leads into the small kitchen. It's a humble home, but as it opens up, Wilhand is there, looking as liver-spotted and grinning as he was last you saw him. His balding top of his head and the crazed white mane of hair behind has gotten even longer and unkempt as he's now on his own and doesn't have anyone to really groom him. So he's going a little wild-gnome right now. You see his face light up immediately as soon as he sees your expression. "Oh, Pike! Pike, it's so good--" "I noticed. Well, friends." "Dex'avlia?" "And that's Keyfen?" "And?" His eyes go wide. "Ah. I almost heard that. Well, come in, come in." He turns around and muscles his way inside. You've never quite been in a gnome home before. As you guys are having this conversation, you watch as Wilhand is rushing around the kitchen, frantically trying to make tea. He's like, "I wasn't expecting guests, my apologies! "Hold on!" He's like, one hand he's filling this tea kettle, and the other hand's trying to find some flint, and he's like-- "I did it!" (laughter) "Okay." And he sits down at the table. "Yes?" "It has. There's been some fantastic volunteers who've come by. They've rebuilt a lot "of the city." "Yes?" "Okay." "Oh, yes. The broad stone one." "Ah. He was retrieved by his actual legal owner, of which I was notified of. I don't know "how you procured it off of him. Older gentleman. Standard human fare. Taller than me." "Kind of a what?" You watch as his head turns in a confused way. He goes, "Um." And he puts his finger in his ear and clears it out and goes, "I'm sorry, what?" "Oh, yes, he was--" "-- a bit... he was not the kindest or most forthcoming of guests, but he seemed to be a busy "man of much esteem and left before I could finish making his tea." "No, no, not mean at all, just extremely forceful." (laughter) "Oh! What's your name?" "Taryon. Pleasure to meet you." He leans over and goes, "You're making interesting friends these days, Pike." "Sarenrae was very specific about making sure that you avoid the bad folk, and you're "currently dealing with what looks to be some ruffians using some naughty language." (laughs) "Just messing with you." "What, you think I didn't get drunk and say the off thing here and there? Back in my day, I "was a bit of a rabble-rouser, whether you believe it or not. Mm-hm." "Hm." "Well, that's very kind of you." "To be perfectly up-front, I kind of escaped the Trickfoot lifestyle when I was maybe about "your age. So I'm not as keen on all the familial history, but I can say that there's been more than "one curse thrown at our family name." "I don't know. I haven't spoken with them in quite some time, or really anybody else. I decided "that you, there was something special about you, and it wasn't right to have you grow up in such an "uncouth environment, so I wanted to provide something different for you. I don't know if I "succeeded, but I did my best, and brought you into the light of the one that saved me. And look at "you now!" And he leans forward and grabs your holy symbol from the front and goes, "Why, you're the "brightest star she has." Make an insight check. 14? He's hard to read in the sense that he's lived long enough and seen enough things in his time that he's open, but he keeps his history guarded, by nature. He seems genuine, but at the same time, you're not getting the whole picture, because he's not revealing the whole picture. He also spends a lot of time alone, too, so by nature he's a little hermited. So that's as much as you can make out. "Oh, I would've been maybe in my early 40s." "Yes." "In what way?" "I wasn't around for that." Make an insight check. "I'm sorry. I just, I don't deal with them much these days. They wander, they-- I'm just an "old gnome trying to live his twilight years in peace and the joy of the Everlight." "I know that he had passed and I heard it was around mysterious circumstances, but like many "Trickfoots before me and many after, they tend to die under mysterious circumstances. It's kind of "the life they lead." "There we are, yes?" "I don't know. I haven't delved too deep into the history of the family. That's more "Ogden's fare. I just wanted to leave it all behind me. For the most part, I don't even tell people "I'm a Trickfoot. They just know me as old Wilhand. Don't want to live under the stigma. Sorry, I wish "I could be of more help." "What bothers you, child?" "That's the way family is. Those closest to you are usually the most odd." "There've been very upstanding people in our family in the past, and there've been some "downright scoundrels. We're as varied as any other folk in Exandria. It just so happens that some of "the scoundrels had a higher profile in the past and set us on a path of expectation. Besides, for "gnomes outside of Kraghammer, it's hard to make a living outside of farming or courier services and "other menial tasks. Tinkering seems to be already a very cluttered business. So how else are they "going to make their means, I suppose, than pilfering here and there? I don't blame them for "that. I just don't want to live it and didn't wish for you to live it either." "I just hope it was enough-- you and the mountain man." "Good. I was hoping he would be. He was my protector at one time, as well." "Really?" "Hero? What did you do?" "Way over in Vasselheim?" "You've made the Lady of the Everlight very proud of you, then." (laughs) "Where did you learn to bake?" "You're all very lucky." "That sounds amazing." "Did you make this?" "Oh, the tea!" "It's a bit stale. Mm." "You're a very good cleric." "I'll finish this later." "I've gotta cut down, you know, the diabetes." (laughter) "Well, you'd best be avoiding anything with eyes like coals." "Dreams are dreams. Visions are different. Now, was it a dream he had, or was it a vision?" "Do you know if Ogden has found faith?" "Well. I can't say. Some given the calling, they don't know why that is given. I'd like to "think that even the most dastardly of characters can be redeemed. My memory of their family is a "dark one, but who am I to judge, as I have not engaged with their path for hundreds of years now? "Maybe you should ask him." "I don't know him that well, I left before we got to become friends." "Just meaning the Trickfoots in general." "Well, those are the only visions I've received, and they've kept you safe this long, "yes? It's the only life I know. I can't speak for him, but that would put me at ease. But I also "don't understand all this--" He glances over at Taryon's dragonhide armor and the giant metallic man behind him with glowing runes on his body that's writing this all down, and goes, "You know. "Them. Arcane stuff." "Tea?" All right. You guys stay for a bit and have some tea with him and catch up, and let him know more of the adventures that you've had since last you checked up on him in Westruun. Anything else you guys want to work out here in Westruun with Wilhand? "I would tell them that if they have a penchant for sweets, they should curb that a bit. "Apparently there's a family history of diabetes." (laughter) "Just a word of advice I'm throwing out there for their own well-being." "Yeah." "And don't be penises." "See? Told you." (laughs) "I understand. I'll look into some books. If I hear anything, I'll send word." "Of course." "I will be happy to do so." "Are you sure? I don't mind, it was delicious." "All right." He responds with, "And you're getting better, but perhaps some practice, in time." "Until then, avoid anyone of any sort of gnomish nobility for a while. That's my "recommendation," he says to you in Gnome. "Yes?" "It's been a while since somebody's done that for me. Thank you." "Thank you. It's a bit unbridled, I would like perhaps to... the word escapes me." And he takes another sip of his tea, thinks for a second, goes, "I wish to be less crazy-looking." And he reaches up and pinches the edge of your cheek and goes, "Well, can I just say that I "never thought blue would be your color, but it looks fantastic." "Just to try something. Ah, I remember those days. Anyway. Don't be a stranger." "Wonderful to see you as well. And please, do send me some fresher treats." "Thank you." "Of course. Thank you for coming. And a pleasure to meet you, uh--" "Taryon Darrington. Pleasure to meet you, yes." All right, you guys make your way back to Whitestone? You guys make your way back to Whitestone? You guys return. Just (chomps) as you step through. As you guys return, stepping back into the main thoroughfare of Whitestone, you gather, over this time, the rest of your friends have done a relatively decent-- they're like three quarters of the way through their tour of Whitestone. It's very basic, they're not going through every single detail, but they're going in various sections, and Ogden has been asleep pretty much the entire time. JB, Johann, and Astra have been eager, for the most part, asking questions, and some of the time, when you're not looking, kind of flicking the back of the hat. But you've come around now, you're heading back up north after coming from the graveyard, and both the Pelor church and the Raven Queen shrine that have been built there, and you've made your way back northward into the city proper. Okay. Is there any specific individual that you've set as the captain of the Riflemen of Whitestone? All right, so. As you guys approach, making your way towards the northern barracks of the city, you hear a cluster of small, controlled explosions, at which point the gnomes all kind of shudder for a second. In that moment, Ogden goes, (incoherent yelling) "We're under attack!" "Okay." "All right." JB wipes the drool from his mouth. As you guys approach, you see there's a line of ten men and women in armor with rifles; they're currently in the process of reloading them, and there you see at the edge is a leather-clad Kynan, who is in the process of instructing loudly the reloading process, the use of black powder, and the preparation for the rifles for a secondary shot. As they all prepare, he goes, "All right. And aim!" Arm up in the air. They all (clatter) up in front. "Fire!" (gunshot) They all go off again, these big plumes of smoke shoot out from the front. You watch as across the way there are a dozen or so hay targets with what looks like cloth and some figures drawn on them that have a number of holes blown through them in multiple places. The shots don't have extremely good aim. You're looking at ten different people with rifles. As you guys approach, gently, as they're preparing for the next shot, you see Kynan bring up his arm and look over and see the rest of you, and immediately changes his posture. He was already in a formal leader position, but as soon as you approach, it's almost like, oh, the boss is here to watch. And he kind of (inhales). "Hold. We have company." Turns around and jogs up to the edge of the perimeter of this training ground. And he goes, "Hello. By what pleasure do we have you--?" "Oh. Oh!" "Well, it is an honor to have the Trickfoots among us. I am Captain Kynan Leore. I am the, as "to recently assigned, captain of the Riflemen of Whitestone." And you see him go from-- his whole, structured presentation begins to quickly fade as the nerves kick in. You can see his voice get a little quivery and his posture begin to fall a little bit. "These are my Riflemen... and women! It's "called Riflemen, but it's men and women. It's a formality." "It can be changed, it can be changed." "Well, we're trying. They're very, very good people. Aren't they? Yes?" And they all don't know how to answer and look at each other and look at him and-- He puts his eyes down, slightly sheepishly and guiltily as you say that, but-- "Very well. Very well. I mean, very few get a second chance. "I just don't want to mess this up." Looks to Percival. "Then yes, I have been of use." "Oh!" He looks over at the rest of the folk and goes, "At ease! Go get some food." The men break and make their way walking out-- But he leans in and says, "Simon is doing well." And he pulls up the front of his armor a little bit and you can see the snake belt itself is still on him. "I mean--" Glances over at the men not watching-- and women. Okay, so as you're doing a whole Buffalo Bill-- (laughter) I need to specify. Yeah, no. It's a whole different pit in Whitestone to go to. He goes ahead and does a little whistle, and suddenly the belt turns into a snake and winds its way up the forearm and (hisses). "Yeah! Well, he's still yours." The snake leaps to your arm and coils around. "Well, nothing. It's a--" "I can! I can feed him. I just didn't think-- It's a belt! I don't know-- "I'll feed him." "When you give it to me. I haven't had to use it! And then should I let it out? I don't "know. I don't know how these things work, okay?" "Right. You gave me a belt. And I've used it, and it's been great." Sure! With your extensive knowledge of magical snake belts, let's see how well this goes. I know. I love it! Yeah. Blow that Luck, baby! 18. Yeah. He seems fine. As a magical snake, it can transform back and forth. It doesn't appear to require food or water when it's in its belt form. It wouldn't necessarily be conscious of the time in between. So as far as Simon's concerned, it's been a very short period of time. "Yes, Vax?" "Very." "Of course. Yes! Here, I mean he was-- I was just borrowing it for a while." "Okay. Yeah." As he looks over at Percy doing all these trick shots in the air and throwing things up and, like, showing the spinning. And the gnomes are like, "Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!" Okay. "Me too. And thank you. Sorry about not feeding your snake. I didn't--" (laughter) "Well, thank you, I was-- " (gun noise) And his rifle goes off like in the ground next to him. A big plume of dirt next to him, and he goes, "Uh--" "Men!" And he goes running off toward the rest of his Riflemen. Yeah, you shook him a little bit. "All of that! All of it, honestly." Johann at this point is still enthralled and goes, "Where "does one procure such a weapon?" "Okay." "Good to know! Good to know, Astra." And Astra goes, "What?! I think it's sexy." And Johann's like, "If you have one lying around you don't need, just let me-- " "Okay." The standard rifles. You do have those, yeah. Eventually you guys are outfitted with two rifles. They're not loaded yet. You can show them how to load it. All right. You load it for each of them? Okay. Okay, so Percy loads your gun. Grog, make an intelligence check. Okay. All right. You give him an ample amount of powder, and he uses it. He uses it the right way. It's a lot of it. But I mean, overall, he got the gist of it, and he's-- (laughs) Yeah. Both rifles locked in. The iron balls properly packed into the rifle. You both take aim. I would like you both to roll an attack roll using your dexterity modifier. You're not proficient, so it's just a d20 plus your dexterity modifier. Grog, you have disadvantage on this one. What did you roll? Okay, so it wasn't a misfire, at the very least. Okay. You pull it up, Vax, aim and (gunshot). You watch as the top of one of the hay targets explodes off. You managed to make a hit. It's a little off, but you managed to at least make contact. No, but it does come up and you have to catch yourself. Grog does not move at all when it fires. (explosion noise) When you do fire, nothing reacts. None of the hay reacts, and there's a pause, and about 300 feet back, you watch as a small tree goes (cracking, heavy impact). Okay. You do, and it's a really rapid reload. We're talking Schwarzenegger T-2. Spin the shotgun one-handed. (gunshot) Are you shooting at Grog? Go ahead and roll, with proficiency and your dex modiifer. The same target, Vax, the impact of the head you hit, you watch as the entire upper part of its torso and head (explosion noise) explode into a spray of slightly seared and slightly burning hay. As he runs back, you can see as Johann's like, "Is there any chance that we could shoot one?" You see Astra's (squeals). They both look at each other and they both jump off the carpet. They're not even listening. They're both picking up the two rifles. They pick them up and are looking at it and holding it upward and aiming it sideways. They don't really know how to do it. Do you help them load it? All right, so for the purposes of this... okay. No terrible misfire. The first shot is Johann because he pushes Astra back and is like, "Let the men do this first." Takes the rifle from you. Picks it up and aims it at a weird angle. "And I just pull right here on the thing? Right "over here?" (explosion) Before he finishes, it goes off. It goes flying from his hand, and he stands there for a second with his hands open, and as he turns back towards you, you can see there's a little bit of singe on his eyebrows. The burst of the smoke and the flash seared the front of his face ever so slightly. He turns to you and goes, "That was amazing. Did I hit it?" "I hit it! You're up, lady." Astra's like, "Oh!" and she runs up. Takes the gun. Same thing? Okay, so you load it properly. She takes it and aims at one of the other targets. (gunshot) She manages to hold onto it; this one doesn't blast out of her hand. You don't see any point of impact. She's like, "Ow!" and she releases her hand because of the heat of the barrel. She puts it on the ground and goes, "That was fun. I'm good." Grog, you look down and notice that there's a little bit of bleeding from your knee, and there's a small bullet hole that you didn't notice as you were running back. It only went in an inch. It wasn't that hard of an impact. Eventually, as you guys are heading back now, after the rest of your tour, you meet up with the rest of the party. As you guys finish the tour-- Vax bumps you. All right. You guys catch up with the rest of the party, and you all make your way to the castle at about the same time. Make a perception check. Okay. Vax? Okay. No reaction. No twitch. They have no idea what you were talking about, and they have not stolen anything. You've been keeping a close eye. As you guys all reconvene for a mid-afternoon lunch at the castle, everyone's made their way in. The meal's been placed. Less pastry-heavy than the breakfast that Johann originally ordered, but there are meats and breads, and it's actually pretty hearty for a midday lunch, and they keep bringing more in. You get the sense that the Trickfoots don't eat like royals often, and they're definitely making the best they can of the situation. You see JB eating her meal and helping Ogden as you guys settle in. What do you want to do? Okay. He's currently at the table, and he's tracing his finger on the side, while occasionally, JB goes, "Uncle?" and taps him. "Oh. Right." She goes and takes a piece of bread and soaks it in the soup for a second and puts it in his mouth. He chews on it for a bit, and as you walk over, he pushes JB's hand out of the way and goes, "Oh, young Pike. Hello." "I did. I haven't had a rest like that in a long time." "Your city gets very loud." "That's the one." JB peeks over Ogden's shoulder, listening in. "It was quite nice, actually. We got to watch "them fire these--" "Anyway!" Ogden pushes in, not even paying attention to her. "It's so good to see you." "But of course." He takes his stick and stands up. JB's like, "Oh. Where would you like to go?" JB, you watch her face go-- "Of course. Enjoy. I'll just--" And she goes back to her meal and begins cutting it up with fervor or frustration. "I don't know where you live." She sidelong glances at Pike helping Ogden up as they begin to make their way out. "You know "what? Yes. I would love that." So you guys begin making your way. While they exit, because Ogden's a little slower, you and Ogden eventually make your way out to the front part of the castle, walking along the side grounds. He's with his cane, walking. "What did you wish to discuss, young Pike?" You have definitely had one constructed. It's a smaller scale. The larger temples here are for Pelor and such and you've been away. Most of your focus has been in Vasselheim and Emon, so you haven't done the full temple construct here, but there's a small shrine that you've built so at least you can go there. "Of course. Lead the way. I am your guest. I am here at your behest." Okay. There was a big building that collapsed during the Briarwood period. The lot was cleaned out, and it's a small standing shrine to Sarenrae at the time being, to eventually be the placeholder for the full temple's construction that you'll build around it. But for the time being, essentially a few small benches, set in a circular stone fashion, and there's a fountain-like carving. A simple carving of Sarenrae for people to pray to. You eventually walk him to that centerpiece. It's mostly empty this time of day. Nobody's currently in the process of upkeep; there isn't a need for it. Some fallen leaves, and it's a little dirty on some of the benches, but you brush it off and you both sit on the bench, looking up at the big winged statue of her. He sits down. "No idea." "Thank you. It's very peaceful." After looking around for a minute, he leans into you and goes, "Pike, we need to talk. I've "been tying together the missing pieces of our history for most of my life. This information has "helped me once before, and as I'm sure has been discussed at length with your friends, there is a "curse upon this bloodline. My research has brought me some knowledge, and I've been able to cast this "curse out of one Trickfoot before, but I failed once before that. And I miss her to this day. Do "you want to know the history of our curse?" "Over four centuries ago, when our kin still occupied the city of Witterbach, up in the "Cliffkeep Mountains, long before our bloodline took the name Trickfoot, there was a wily rock "gnome called OG Pipemender. Now, OG grew jealous of his brother, Lons, and his business's success, "and his marriage, apparently. So, seeking a means of balancing their standing, bringing Lons down a "peg or two, OG plotted to undermine and shame his brother, and destroy his life. Now, he was "successful in this plot, at least from what I've gleaned. Lons was ruined, but not before it was "revealed to Lons that OG himself was the culprit. Now, cornered and fearing for his life, OG lashed "out and slew his brother. He fled Witterbach and wandered the mountains for weeks, scavenging to "survive. On a full moon, he was visited by a vision of what is believed to be the Lawbearer, "Erathis herself. At least, an aspect of her, at the very least. Now, this grave injustice he had "committed did not go unnoticed by the Lawbearer, and it required punishment. And a curse was set "within the very blood of OG himself. One that lay dormant from generation to generation, unless "those carrying the seed fell to extreme selfishness and wanton destruction of others. Now, "we Trickfoots may not have the best reputation, but what we do, we do it to survive. And we hurt "no other in the process. Those that wander too far into the dark call up this curse and the shades "within them slowly hollow them out, leaving a ravenous, selfish beast of a gnome. These visions "that I've dreamt, I've had them before. They were not wrong. I saw the shades within my beloved, "Ishma, but knew too little at the time to stop them. I caught the shades within others since. "Within Johann here, even, years and years ago. And used what I learned to exorcise them out. Now, "these visions I have now show you, young Pike. A darkness within you far greater than the others, "and I don't know what has drawn them to you. You walk with such light, and I am worried what could "be hidden beneath all the layers of silver and gold and blue and Sarenrae's blessing that could "still draw these shades to you. Where you've been, what you've done, I know not. I know not the "justice of the goddess, can presume not to know, I don't bother myself with such unknowable things. "But I am here to try and help, if I can. If you'll have me." "I've had an entire lifetime to think and learn and research and regret." "This is only over the past couple of years, but I knew not where to find you until you sent "your letter." "She is very dedicated. She's very sweet. She's a bit distracted, at times. She cares much "for the stories of you and your friends. The poor thing's been at my side for the majority of her "youth. I feel like a burden. She looks after me and not much else, so she lives vicariously "through the stories she manages to assemble of you." "They all know. We've had time to speak. I was the one that insisted we come see you, and I "do apologize for the rest of them. They are unique." "It's understood. Like I said, we have a reputation. One that you've, as far as what I've "heard, been able to kick to the curb." "It's adorable. I don't see them." "I don't see much, anyway." "I've cast it out once before. I've been trying to define a ritual that can do so." "I find little in faith. However, the exorcism is based in divine magics and some bits "of information I've gleaned from the Age of Arcanum, long ago, back when possession was a "common thing and gods still walked the earth. What I've found--" And he leans forward on his stick. "-- is to perform this. Pardon me, it's the breakfast. All the oatmeal. "It's good for the fiber." "What I would require would be the highest point on the highest mountain in the vicinity. As "high up as we can go. Like somewhere in those mountains there." He points a broad stroke to the north, northeast, to the Alabaster Sierras that surround the Parchwood. "And when the moon is "full, as that was when the original curse was cast upon us, there, we hallow the ground to prepare. "Perhaps you or another individual of a clerical background could do so, and it does take some time "to hallow it. But with the ground hallowed, and the moon is full, I can perform the exorcism. Now, "should the shades be strong enough to survive the exorcism, as they have once before, it will be up "to you and your friends to slay them while they're bound on that land. And if you cast them to the "shadows where they came, the blood curse on you would be no more." "They are passed on through the bloodline." "From an individual, yes. Overall, I know not. That involves silly, crazy god stuff, and, "well, they haven't been around often. There are a few things we need to prepare for the exorcism "that I don't have the access of. If you wish to go through with this, let me know. If you find this "all mumbo jumbo and you don't believe me, I don't blame you, either, and we can be on our way. "Choice is yours." "You're the one the visions brought me to." "Of course. Take your time. They're about-- JB? JB, how close are we to the full moon?" He's shouting out into nothing. You're not there. Make a nature check. Nature check. You're not sure. You're not very involved or invested in the cycles of the moon. "Very well." "Thank you for being so kind to family that you owe nothing to." "That warms my heart, and to hear you say that, maybe one day I will be, as well, before my "time is up." "I think so, too." He reaches out and pinches the air about a foot off of your face. "There it is." "All right. Your gray blob is very nice." "Thank you for showing me. If you don't mind?" (grunts) You guys begin to slowly make your way back to Castle Whitestone. That's where we're going to take our break. We'll come back here in a few minutes. And Flame Strike! All right, guys. We'll be back here in just a minute. We do have another Wyrmwood giveaway in the chat room. This is for this awesome-- We're still going. This is lacewood. Lacewood deck box. It's made of wood that is lacy. I don't know. Well, now you get to get a wood that everyone on here is jealous of. If you go ahead and enter, the code word in the Twitch chat is 'family', so when you're prompted, go ahead and put 'family' and see if you can win. See you guys here in a few minutes. [break] She walks alongside you at a comfortable three-foot distance, but she's walking with you. "I am walking next to you." She's behind and to the side. "Right." She quickens her pace. You know, gnomish gait. "It's beautiful." "What's it like having a home?" "That's very nice. We're always moving from place to place." "We can't afford to put stakes down anywhere, and it doesn't take long for people to "figure out who we are." "Trickfoots?" "Let's just say that some of our family aren't the most subtle." She looks down and to the side and averts her gaze. "They're good people. They're very good people. Johann has done a lot "for us, but he's more prideful than the rest of us. As soon as anyone starts any shit, he's the "first to get in their face about it. He's a fiery one. It's why Astra took to him." "She's something." She looks around at the whole city. "Probably right here." "It's very nice. People here are far less dubious than the folks in "Kymal, at the very least." "I miss her a lot. We grew up together. I don't know if you knew that." "I don't know the specifics of it, but me and her were both in our first decade." "We were friends. She was my only friend, at the time. I've always been a reader. They tell me "the first of my kind, so I didn't take to making new friends very well. That, and Uncle needs "someone to look after him, and I didn't really want to drop the ball on that." "I'm a person." "You have a library?" "Yes, please!" (laughs) In Castle Whitestone? Oh, your personal library? It's not huge. I know, but it took a while to construct it, and then some books have made their way in. It's maybe a third full, but as you show her, she's like, "What kind of books do you have?" "Yeah. I've only heard a few things." She takes her straightened hair to the side, and she nervously steps back with it and smiles with her little gap tooth. "Are you sure?" She starts getting a little dark and says, "Not in the books, no. Nobody really writes books "about the Trickfoots. I know what Ogden's talked about, and why we're here. "I think he wants to try and help." "Not in my lifetime. The last one Ogden went to was before our time, me and Pike. It doesn't "happen often-- the vision, at least." "I don't know if it's a coming of age thing or not." "No. I wish I did. That would be interesting. Would be different." She takes the book. (sighs) "Really?" (stutters) "Okay." "Well, you already have one." "Okay. Well, we'd have to talk to Uncle Ogden about that; "he knows it better than anybody." "Maybe. I don't know." "You're sure?" "Okay." She follows after you as you guys head back to the castle. Eventually you guys stumble up to the castle, and there's Taryon with Doty. What are you guys in the process of doing right now? "Tary." "I mean, yeah. We should get Ogden, though. He knows more than I do about it." "Okay." And she goes in to tell you what she knows of the curse, in fair detail, talking about how, long ago, there was people in the family that apparently killed a brother and pissed off a god, and ever since, the family was cursed, so they left what was once the gnomish city of Wittebach. And the curse seems to manifest when a Trickfoot falls too deep into the spell of selfishness or dark thoughts and habits, and manifests in these shades that eventually hollow them out to the point where they are nothing but a being of avarice and greed. "Well, it's part of the reason that we have such a bad reputation. Those that befell the curse "kind of tore a path through the countryside." "I haven't seen anyone. I don't know. This is stuff that I heard from Uncle Ogden." "Hopefully we never find out." "Those that draw too close to it, that's what I know about it." "I know. That's why I'm worried." She's nodding. "All right, yeah." "Yeah, I should go." You join up with Pike and Ogden. You guys reconvene, now. It's getting later in the day, dusk is taking. What do you wish to do? All right. Meal is prepared for the guesting Trickfoots, specified to keep separate from wherever you decide to have your meal, but you manage to gather the rest of Vox Machina at your behest to have a discussion, I imagine probably in one of your chambers, separately from the rest of the castle, where you can talk in private. So as you all slowly gather within, we'll say Pike's room for the simplicity of this, close the door behind you, and you have all been brought together. Make a nature check. 25. Four days. It's Tary. My apologies for using a word with a-- I read a lot of books growing up, I'm sorry! Pushing close to dusk. You are welcome to look weird while you do it. Four nights from tonight. Pretty soon. Make a history check, Percival. Okay. As far as-- from what Pike told you-- as far as high up in the mountains, and a good place that you can imagine for a moonlit ceremony, there is a place. It's a rock shelf to the northeast of Whitestone on the Salted Bluffs. It's called the Dawn Table. It's a rock shelf used for prayer when the spring rolls around. A lot of fishermen go there and leave offerings. It's meant to bring-- I wouldn't say a good harvest, but a good season for catching fish and trying to bring food back to Whitestone, so that's pretty high up. It's gonna be probably about two and a half days' travel on foot. If you have a way of getting there. That part of the mountain is pretty-- they do have trees, but the trees are pretty thin. They're like pine tree, that wide at the most, and you need a pretty thick tree to Transport Via Plants. You can cut off about half a day's travel, about a day's worth of travel, I guess. All right. You sit there and you close your eyes and you focus in front of you on Pike's gnome form. Interestingly enough... ... you get nothing. Probably not in one casting but you could do double-cast, like two trips and get all of you up pretty quick. Well, Teleport Via Plants, whoever can fit through there in that short time, you can probably get you guys and the gnomes through, but referring to your Wind Walk, which, how many targets can that affect at once? Up to ten willing creatures. There's four. So you'd leave one behind. Which, you'd have to talk to them about that. There's Keeper Yennen, but he's like-- Kash has been in Vasselheim. Doty technically counts as a creature, though it is, much like a golem or a construct of some kind, it would be considered a creature. It is a construct. So in theory, you would have to tell Doty, "Doty, turn into wind." And that probably would work. It moves pretty quick. 300 feet. Flying speed of 300, which is ten times as fast as you walk. And without-- going straight up the mountain, you could make the full journey, talking with Percy about this, from the base of the mountain to the Dawn Table in about two hours. The entire journey you could make in about six and a half hours. Without tree-stride. It lasts for eight hours, so you'll be using most of the duration to get there, you could probably fly back if you want to, or tree-stride back if you had a tree you could find up there to do it. So yeah, you could do that. Okay. So what do you do? You go and gather up the other Trickfoots? You approach the rest of them, Ogden, JB. Whenever you guys want to? You can see Johann and Astra kind of turn over to Ogden. Ogden goes, "Yes, that would be "perfect. When is the next full moon?" "Four days, all right. That gives us time to prepare. I need a few things for this ritual." "I don't know how to retrieve them necessarily. I require a jug of water that has "been blessed by a priest of the Moonweaver." The Moonweaver is one of the gods, largely elven worship. You guys have crossed a number of temples that worship the Moonweaver in Syngorn and some other-- you do find them occasionally in civilization, but they're more the kind of shrines that you find out in the center of the forest. Goddess of the moonlight and autumn. He says, "Also, as part of a reagent for the "exorcism, a diamond worth no less than 1,000 gold pieces that will be "consumed by the actual ritual." "I also need a solid pound of dried lavender, and a half a pound of powdered sulfur." "And, of course, you, Pike. And that should be sufficient to complete the ritual." "No, no. Either the shade is cast out and destroyed, or it's cast out and then you destroy "it. Either way, you should be fine." "Depends." "Twice. Three times." "It's gone right twice." "That was the first time. I didn't know what I was in for, and I couldn't save them." And you see he gets really dark and focused in himself for a second. You see the glimmer across the glasses on his face, and he goes, "They begin to grow hatred for all those they once "loved. They begin to strike out at the world around them, take whatever they like, and those "that stand in their way are merely to be cut down. Eventually, at least from what I've seen, they "continue to take until somebody cuts them down." "They just look like themselves. But their whole personality changes." "What I've seen are just the visions I've had. If you wish not to go through with this, that "is up to you. We can leave and be on our way. I've just come to help if we can. If we do this ritual "and nothing comes of it, then you're right as rain." "Perhaps not now, but someday in the future, when met with a terrible choice, if you choose a "darker path, that may be the window needed for the shades to take hold and begin to install in their "dark interests." "Well, I need some blessed water." The sulfur represents the earth, the diamond represents the refraction of the moonlight, and the water is the catalyst. The lavender is to be burned. The sulfur represents the earth in this place, but the lavender is burned as a sort of incense that helps provide a space of the hallowed ground to present a cage for this entity so it cannot flee and come back. You could probably get most of that in Syngorn with one trip, yeah. "Then Pike will be safe, I'll look the fool, and we'll go our separate ways." "None taken." That's a good bumper sticker. You can cause existing lavender to bloom stronger, otherwise the lavender you create in the space will vanish once the spell is done. But yeah. All right, so you guys go to bed. Okay. That you can. They have supplies for you at the ready. You gather them easily from the Pale Guard. They have some tents that haven't been used for a while, you take those with you. Supplies are given. You head to Syngorn. Make an investigation check. Yeah. Within a short time, as the evening draws in, it's not a full moon, but it's still a very big moonlit night and you find in Syngorn one of the larger temples to the Moonweaver, there's a night guide there named Nusem, and it's the temple of the Pale Light. And so, as you approach him and give your request, he's like, "A jug of our blessed water, that is an unusual request. We take "no money, but offerings in trade of equal value as you honestly see fit." "Whatever you feel would be a viable trade within the eyes of the Moonweaver herself." Roll a religion check. Do it. Religion. 11. You know that she is the goddess of the moon, the night, and of autumn. She is known as-- she doesn't fall on the good or bad spectrum, she's generally a bit of a trickster, but however tends to be used or at least called to by young love to bless trysts to not be discovered. That's kind of the gist of what you can pick up on that roll, yeah. Takes a moment, looks at it. "I think the goddess will be pleased." And he puts it in his robes and he takes the blessed water and hands it to you. It's a small, pretty heavy-- especially when it's filled-- clay pot that is sealed at the top with multiple rounds of rope and some sort of a dark black tar-like substance that seems to seal the top and he passes it over to you and you take it. All right, so you gather that, you find your way back without issue. We'll say without issue. Okay, so you attach it to Trinket's armor on the top. Easy enough. So you guys eventually make your way back to the town. You guys find an evening of rest, you complete, restore your spells, you, sulfur, go ahead and make a tinkering check. This is intelligence modifier and proficiency bonus. Yeah, okay. For you, 'cause most of the sulfur that you have currently has already been put in with the salpeter and other means of creating the gunpowder, so you have to reverse-engineer a lot of it. It's not going to be pure, what you have, or at least not all of it. I mean, you have some pure sulfur still, but to get the full half-pound of it, it's gonna be a little dirty. But you manage to get it to happen. And Vax is providing the lavender. Okay. All righty. And the diamond, who's giving the diamond? Or do you have one? How much is it worth? Well, choose a diamond. All right. That'll suffice. All righty. So. As the morning comes, you all awaken, you gather your materials, you assess as a pool what you have at your disposal and presenting these various elements that you've gathered before Uncle Ogden, he inspects each one very carefully, sniffing the sulfur, feeling and tasting the lavender, takes the water and brushes his fingers through it, takes the diamond and inspects it, sets it all down on the table, and goes, "Yes. This will suffice. Whenever you're ready, let's "make our way to wherever you find is necessary to do this ritual." "Very well." "Trickfoots. Trickfoots? Trickfoots!" They're all right around him, and he's like, "Hello? Anyone?" Johann reaches out and touches his shoulder. "Ah! Yes, there you are. Come, we "have an exorcism." And so they follow you as you grab your materials. How are you doing this? You're doing multiple trips? Okay. Early morning, with the Wind Walk, you can get ten creatures, which is you seven, plus-- you put Trinket in your necklace-- Doty, which is eight, and you can take two of the gnomes if you'd like, or would you prefer to leave with the four of them and them come back for them? All right, so you guys go ahead, and utilizing the-- All right, easy enough to do. You've seen these woods, or the perimeter of the woods, at least, so you know vaguely a tree in the direction that Percy points you towards. So with that, you touch the edge of the Sun Tree, the exterior of it opens into a doorway, and through that-- (laughs) The trust-fall that is Percival and Vex rushing through the Sun Tree before it closes behind. You trust that they are at the destination required and will meet you there. It closes. And with that, with the supplies gathered, the rest of you all have the spell commence, and you are able to concentrate for a minute to turn your physical form into that of a white, cloud-like mist. You watch as the gnomes do so, and this is the first time you're doing this as well, Taryon, and it's a unique experience. You're about as giddy internally that you cannot express it through word because you are a cloud of mist. But you watch as the smaller gnome mists also kind of appear and some of them start swirling around excitedly, and one of them just seems to drift. One of the other ones comes by and cuts it off and shows the direction. (laughter) Following towards the path which Percival pointed you guys. So. This is about a six-plus-hour journey as you're coasting over the entirety of the Parchwood Forest. And it is beautiful, it's actually not too cloudy today. You've come past Winter's Crest, it's been a few weeks since. (sing) I can fly twice as high. Yes. Sorry. Vex and Percy. Five years of this, and let this be a lesson for when you name your characters for your campaign. As you guys approach, you all condense back into your mist form, except for the four other clouds that are all circling and circling. Eventually one of them kind of congeals and turns back and it's JB. Well, you do now. And they all eventually come back. And you see before you, it's this clifftop flat entry with a series of rocks that jut out at certain places and rubble and some general erosion has occurred, and there at the very edge of the cliff-- and it is this cliff that shoots out over, you can look over the side and see the sea to the northeast, just above the Shearing Cliffs, you see the sunlight hitting thousands upon thousands of small, distant sparkles, as the waves catch elements of the sunlight down below. And as you come up to the edge and look down, it is a very, very long fall. Thousands and thousands and thousands of feet to rocks and ocean. But there's a large stone archway there. Not yet, you guys are just making your way there. You do notice, the rock archway looks both ancient and very well-constructed, and it's impressive that even though the erosion and the nature of the strong, cliffside winds that come up there, it's kept as well as it has. You also see a number of long-rotted baskets and sacks and dried, decomposing fruits and fish bones. You can see where basically the remnants of different offerings were left up here as part of the Pelor blessing to the fishermen that walk through the Salted Bluffs. Eventually, Vex and Percival make their way up here as well, and you guys are now, full journey, about midafternoon, with three days until the full moon. You can move back a bit, yeah. The bluff itself is maybe about 70 feet from one side to the other. It's flat. So you can move it further back towards this edge of the cliff, as opposed to being the one that's seaside. Okay. So you guys have a few days here to relax, get to know each other, ask questions and hear stories about young Pike, embarrasingly. Get to tell them of the tales of what you guys have done, and inform them from a firsthand basis of what Vox Machina has accomplished for the past few years. They all seem enraptured, JB more than anybody, and she seems to almost finish some of the tales. You get the sense that she's been very, very well-versed in what you guys have done and is genuinely invested in the stories as they happen. Anything else you guys want to accomplish in the three days in particular? Make an investigation check. Okay. You do note this in the first couple days while it's been long blown-over and destroyed and scattered, you do see elements that seem like a large nest that have been wind-scattered up here and left for a long time. And as you look through the chunks and pieces, you see bits of dried leather, flesh, and with that in mind, over the next two days, you begin to see, way off in the north, what appear to be a number of flying entities that group in clusters that kind of exist over the cliffside, down along the actual mountain edge, and occasionally have apparently made distant nests and are still maneuvering in the distance. Make a perception check. Using the combination of your broom and your ranger-like vision, you've encountered these creatures once before, at the Salted Bluff, but avoided them. There are small clusters of harpies that make their home here on the cliffsides by the ocean. Yep. They picked them apart last time you first made your way to Whitestone. So you're very careful to make sure that whatever camp you set up is camouflaged as best as possible. Since that is one of your specialties as a ranger, it's not too bad. Go ahead and make a stealth check, please. This will be your stealth check for the camp. Not on your camp. I'll say, for the purposes of that, no. Add your stealth. Okay. So. Not on a camp. For yourself, maybe. And it helps you-- it allows you-- your ability to camouflage elements of your space allows you to help and use your stealth for this whole endeavor. But two days go by, harpies don't seem to pay mind. There's a couple of close calls where a couple fly overhead, but you all see them coming and get low and tell the gnomes to go inside, and get behind the rocks, and they seem to pass without actually noticing your presence. Eventually, you make your way to the fourth day, and the sun begins to set. At which point, the gnomes begin to gather up with the rest of you, and Ogden hobbles his way in your direction, going-- waiting for her to cross camera. Okay. (laughs) "The time is nigh. We must prepare the ritual." And, for the purposes of this, can we bring in the battlemap that is on this side? This side, please. This way's great. (impressed noises) Is it really? That's a problem. All right, so. Here are the gnomes, clustered. Doty cannot, I believe. Sure. And actually, this is a point as well, because part of this was supposed to be hallowed ground, which requires the Hallow spell, which is a 24-hour casting period. Or, let me see the actual casting time on that. You would know this, and he would have spoken to you in advance to do this, so we'll say, yeah, Hallow, its casting time is 24 hours. The herbs and oils and incense required to do this one alone costs 1,000 gold, which the spell consumes, so that's 1,000 gold you have to mark off to do this. But you infuse this area with holy energy during this time period you guys are waiting. And doing so, this whole ground becomes hallowed. Now you get to choose a second effect of this, if you'd like, which is affected creatures can't be frightened while in the area; darkness fills the area, if that's what you want; daylight fills the area, don't know if that's going to affect the ritual or not, seeing as how it's a moonlight-based element; affected creatures have resistance to one type of damage of your choice, except for bludgeoning, piercing, and slashing; you can have energy vulnerability; silence. What would you prefer? Okay. Affected creatures cannot be frightened. So any of you, and any creatures that end up in the space, cannot be frightened. The 60-foot radius, which is pretty much most of this area, becomes Hallowed. So. As the night draws to a darkened close-- or as the day draws to a darkened close, you guys can choose your positions to prepare for this. Yes. Yeah, we'll say this happened-- this isn't the ritual, this is a different spell to prepare for the ritual. So while you were doing this was during the time in which you managed to go ahead and avoid being seen and use your stealthiness. This was in advance of it. The Hallow spell has been completed, the area has been locked in. The spell is cast. Now the final ritual is mounting. So. At this point, you're asked for some help by Ogden to move some of these rocks out of the way. You guys slowly shift this pile of rocks over here. He begins to then, with the help of JB, take the sulfur and begin to scatter it around in a circle in this opening right here. So the other two are gonna stay back. Up on there? All right, so Percival gets up onto the high ground there. All righty. Over here? All righty. All righty. So you want to stay near this central rock there? Okay, Trinket's gonna hang next to Grog. Perfect. There a bit, right there? Okay. So you're hiding on this side. Poking through. Keyleth? Over here? Over here? Okay. There's Keyleth. Taryon? Okay, so pretty much where you are? Okay. Got you. So Pike, the circle puts you at about there, in the centerpiece. You watch as the sulfur is drawn around you in a wide circle. All right. JB now begins taking the water and splashing it throughout the center of the circle. She opens the jug with the help of Grog and walks around with Grog and is just taking big handfuls and splashing all the blessed water to fill in the circle between-- oh god-- where the sulfur was, in the interior of it, all around. So it soaks all the dirt, you can see it actually goes darker in color as it absorbs the liquid, and it seems you can now very, very clearly see the circle. And at this point, as the night has really hit the moonlight, the full moon is plainly visible, and that bright, bright white moonlight is making stark shadows and a very visible perspective of everything on this field. So, Pike, you're asked to stand in the center there, as right over here next to Taryon, facing you, Ogden hobbles over, looks at you. He holds the diamond in his hand. "Pike. Are you ready?" Okay. Ogden is holding the diamond out. "Close your eyes. Concentrate on the goodness "within you." He holds the diamond out in front of him and just starts chanting slowly under his breath. Okay, you drink the Potion of Mind Reading. Okay. He's loudly-- He's holding this diamond forward and he's loudly speaking in a language I don't think any of you understand. (mutters gibberish) Currently, at that moment, it sounds like a bunch of gibberish. (mutters gibberish) Okay. Against a DC of? Okay. As you focus your attention, pushing in to probe deeper, all you get is the gibberish. Natural 17, sorry. Is that what it says? As he's chanting. (mutters gibberish, pauses, continues to mutter gibberish) Goes right back into concentrating again. What languages do you know? Languages? Barely Common. Okay. None of you know the language he's speaking. It just sounds like gibberish to you. Oh, and Dwarvish, because you have the belt. As he begins chanting, the diamond begins to glow faintly, a greenish color. Just very, very, on the inside, just ever-so-gently. He begins to chant louder and louder. (louder gibberish) As he does, the diamond flashes brighter and brighter green, and eventually the green coloration fades and the diamond vanishes from his hand. And he falls to his knees. (heavy breathing) "Look!" And as he points forward, towards Pike, you guys glance over and look at Pike, and you watch as from the ground around her, this black cloud-like mass begins to pour out of her legs and knees in a swirl around her person. You, Pike, look around you as it begins to fill the space around you and it begins to coalesce into this large cloud of darkness. It rumbles and gathers like a miniature thunderstorm, and you watch as the clouds begin to churn, forming dozens of screaming faces, all wailing in a discordant moan. Roll initative. (yelling) All righty. Who's at the top? We've got 25 to 20. All righty. 20 to 15. 18. 15, Keyleth. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Tary, what'd you get? Percival, you're up first. It's pseudo-surrounding her and right behind her, like it's kind of forming behind her and adjacent to her body. Okay. Go ahead and roll damage. They took my pen! 5d6 of Kids in the Hall damage, got it. (laughs) Got you. So as you fire-- this is with Bad News, or with your-- This is Animus, okay. So as you fire and turn it over, you look down and watch as the bullet just seems to pass through it, and then almost catch the edge of the rock here and splinter off, and doesn't seem to affect it directly at all. Nope. You watch as the energy kind of crackles and dissipates amongst the rock. Okay. You go ahead and attempt to Hex it. As you focus on it, nothing seems to hit. The Hex has no effect, and you don't sense any connection with this creature, you don't see any of the smoke or shadow surrounding it. The Hex has no effect. Okay. Right now, the two other gnomes are just waiting off to the side, watching aghast, and you watch as Ogden is slowly, with his staff, backing up, hand out, looking freaked out, backing into Taryon. Look over and noticing his presence, and then focusing back on the horrible thing that's surrounding Pike right now, and he looks genuinely frightened. Is that your turn? Okay. Percival's done. Vax, you're up. It hasn't had its turn yet. You're watching this 12-foot-tall swirling, almost slow-moving tornado of black cloud and smoke that is starting to form all these horrible faces, forming this cacophony of sounds and screaming and moaning. Fly her up next to Percival? Okay. So you try and pick her up. Make a strength check, 'cause she is a very heavily armored tiny little-- Tank of a gnome. 17. You do, and it slows your movement to half when you're carrying her, but you manage to pick her up. As you do so, you watch as the form sends this pseudopod of a screaming face and arm swinging out towards you. That is a 17. You just pull her out of reach as it swings out in your direction. For the rest of your movement, you pull her just up to the edge of the rock, there, and you can set her down if you want. Oh god! Is that your turn? Okay. That brings us to Grog. Right there. You come up right to the side of it, and you can look up and see it now. It's forming this wall of screaming faces at you, and a lot of them are watching as-- all of them are facing Pike as she disappears, and all of a sudden, all at once, a hundred faces go (shhhp) to you, and (gurgling growl). What are you doing? Okay. 28 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 24 points of damage. As you rush up angrily, you swing your axe, with additional? All right, 28. All right, cool. You swing, and as your axe cleaves through the side of it, you watch as parts of it break open, sending chunks of it flying, and the creature (shrieks) seems to scream in pain from the impact. Sure. 18. You hit, go ahead and roll damage. That Great Weapon Master, man. You swing with the second strike. This time, you watch as some of the faces implode at the impact, and you see a flash of dark matter just get strung out about three or four feet from it as you strike through, and it (shrieks) gives a horrible scream in pain as it does so. You're not going Frenzied? Okay, that ends Grog's turn. It is now the creature's turn. It's going to move, moving upwards and trying to catch up to Pike. But, because of the nature of the Hallowed ground, it gets that far and then stops and is held in place. You do. Go ahead and roll an attack. Mm-hm. Actually, I think Reckless has to be on the first attack of your round. Yeah, you hit. 26. All right. With it being downed by that movement, it moves in and makes its way towards Ogden. Ogden, who is backed up against you at this point, Taryon, you watch as the spectacles-- you push him forward? (yelps) As it swings forward, and you see two of the mouths reach out to attempt to-- that's a three. (laughs) Both snap, and the old gnome would've been bit, except you pushed him forward, and he kind of like catches himself, and both of them miss him by but an inch, and he turns around, glancing at it, still has his hand forward like, "No!" as he's clutching his staff at his side to keep his standing. That finishes the creature's turn. Vex, you're up. JB is over here by Trinket, and is currently seeing this whole thing occur, and is about to go ahead-- it's not her turn yet, but she's going to probably-- looks like she's heading that direction to dart behind the rock. As you concentrate, Hunter's Mark finds no purchase on the creature. You either give Trinket the full round of attacks, and then you get one attack as a bonus action, or you get two attacks and then Trinket gets a bonus action attack. You did, as a bonus action. Okay, so two attacks from Trinket. Go for it. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Nice. 20 points of damage from Trinket, not bad. Trinket rushes out and bites into the smoky faces and pulls back, and you watch as some of the shadow gets yanked with the teeth and then disperses and then vanishes in the air. And then turns around, big raking claw, and part of its midsection shifts with the impact and has to reform. You gonna stay where you are? Okay. That finishes your turn? All righty. Keyleth, you're up. You are-- you have to move five feet further in to be within the sulfur and water line. Okay. Okay. Five-foot radius. Yeah, so you can-- it basically encompasses the whole size of the creature. So you watch as, in the middle of the sky, the full moon that's partially almost at its zenith, you watch as almost a secondary moon appears next to it for a moment, and a single column of bright moonlight hits the ground. Yeah. And it's illuminating the creature from the inside, and where the smoke is, you can now see there are portions of it that are burning on the inside, like there's small holes being dug through it as the beam continues to focus on it. Are you gonna-- you can still move the rest of your movement, or you can stay where you are. Right there? Okay. You leap over some of the leftover sacks and offerings there and put your back against the column. All right, perfect. That brings us to the gnomes' turns. These guys, you watch as Johann and Astra just move behind the side of the rock. They're too entranced to look away, but you guys seem to have this handled, so they're watching from the side. You watch as Ogden begins to-- oh god!-- he hobbles back behind you, Taryon, and goes like, "Excuse me!" and pushes alongside you to move behind the rock here. The creature does, though. And (whoosh) just misses over the top of his head. The gnome's size is too small, and it keeps missing him by about a foot. And he backs up, going, (heavy breathing), holding onto his staff. That ends his turn, and you watch as JB rushes over behind this rock here and starts shouting up, "Ogden, are you okay?" That's going to end her turn. Pike, you're up. You can, yes. I'll ask you to make an acrobatics check, 'cause you're having to leap down from these large five-foot stone drops. So you leap down this one. As you leap down to there, as you hit the ground, it's just too much height with all the heavy armor and all the chaos going on, that when your foot hits, the rock sprains your ankle, for a second it kind of folds to the side, and you fall down to one knee. I'll say with that, your movement's going to get you right there. You're not in the circle currently. Okay. Okay. Spirit Guardians here. So you're designating them as the creature, their speed is halved. When the creature enters the area or starts its turn there, it has to make a wisdom save or take the damage, right? That's how it works. Okay. So. That ends your turn, Pike, as you cast the spell. There you watch as a series of small, ghostly divine-focused creatures appear on the horizon of the circle, all looming towards this dark entity. That ends your turn, Pike? All righty. Taryon. Okay. Let me see here. Okay. The bead hits the ground and detonates, and you watch as there's a flash of arcane energy in the sphere. As it encompasses, it doesn't seem to affect the creature. It looks like it's partway in and partway out and unaffected by the bead. Do you move Doty forward? Okay, there you go. So Doty just. "Tary." All right, so that's all Doty does, is just get ready? Yeah, he can. He acts entirely different than you, yeah. Okay, he can make a bash and a headbutt. Yep. Also, how helpful has Taryon been in comparison to Vex in the past? Both. Go for it. Awesome. Doty swings forward, fist goes through, you watch as the creature (gurgling yelp), and then, as it's recoiling, leans forward and gives it a big old hefty rune-covered Doty headbutt to the creature, and it seems impacted by it. Doty? Not in the circle. Doty's just outside of the circle. Apparently. That ends Taryon's turn. Percy. Okay, you rush forward at this side, you come up to it with your silver rapier. 17. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. You watch as you go in to stab it with the rapier, as you do it, (shrieks), it retracts and you can see parts of it kind of carve open from the impact. Go for it. 24, that hits. Okay, cool. As you stab through with the sword, electrical energy coursing through, you stab through, watch as it carves a big hole in the side of its smoky physicality, and it kind of shrieks in pain and recoils, now some of the faces turning towards you, noticing the impact. The impact did, yeah, you watch the weapon hit and you watch the shock burst off and the creature reacted to it. Okay. Third strike, you swing through heavily and you watch--- How much damage is that? 15 points of piercing damage. With? Nice. Okay. You swing with one wide arc, and as you do, it leaves this large spray of electrical energy that is left behind in pulses after the blade has already passed through. It's almost like a lagging slow-mo burst of electrical energy behind the blade as it swings, and as it does you watch as the smoke dissipates and retracts from the impact, screaming, and small faces you see turn to black mist from where the blade passed through. Okay. Yeah. So roll damage three times. 11. 13. Ten points! In a series of Zorro-type slashes, you just carve through. And you watch as it's starting to break apart and dissipate. The screams went from aggressive to now (groaning). This, like, deep sucking inhale. It looks like it's starting to look pretty rough. That ends your turn. All right, Vax. You're up. Go for it. All righty. That hits. All right, all three hit. Second one's a crit. So, Sneak Attack for the first hit? Yeah, you can put it on the crit. Yeah, the ridiculousness of paladins. Oh, a crit? I'm gonna pump a Smite into it. Oops! 48! For the first hit! Shit, man! Rogues. No. Okay, 29? Then, third hit. 18 times two, 46. Plus one. 29. That's right, you got it. Little, boop! poke in the side. Four points, all righty. As you rush down and stab it in the back, as the blade hits and flashes, with just the blast, the creature (groans), and you carve down, and it feels like you're cutting through a cloud, through air-- but you watch it separate around as the blade carves down. You come up with the second swipe, this time hitting directly. There's a flash of divine energy as the burst goes off. You watch the creature take the impact and separate slowly after where it hit, the clouds being pushed back by like a slow-motion blast of the divine energy you pulse through. Third strike, and you swing past and you see it catch the edge of the side (growls). Reacts to it slowly, but it seems to be having an effect. Feathers rest to the ground. Okay, Grog. You're up. All right, go for it. That is your whole plan, huh? Get her! Scientific. That hits. 38 on the first one. That hits. Okay. Ooh. Third hit. It's three hits. And that's over 100 damage in one round. As you swing up and make three giant axe blows, you watch as each cleave is carving a line through this creature. And as you hit with each axe blow, you watch as its faces begin to disappear in smoke. It's almost like with each blow it's beginning to lose physicality in the world and it's beginning to shrink in size. It's still wailing and screaming in your face, but the impacts are making an effect. That ends your turn, Grog. The creature is now going to go ahead and swing in a wide circle in its desperation. It's going to go ahead and cause this-- Top of its turn, yeah. Well it has to make a save. All right. So what it does is the moonbeam hits down on it, and you watch as it seems to not really react to it. Like it burns a little bit and you see some kind of sparkling white energy, but it's not reacting directly from it at the moment. It seems to be like generally trying to avoid it but it's not seemingly taking any damage from it. Now, it's going to go ahead and do a big sweeping strike to try and hit everything around it. You watch as these pseudopods begin to spin like a buzzsaw in the vicinity. What's your AC, Grog? Yeah, that's right! Misses you. Against Trinket. Yeah. What's Trinket's AC? 21. Misses. Against Vax-- That's a natural one. And against Percy, that is a-- What's your AC? That misses. TRAVIS and Oh, and against Doty as well. Doty-- What's Doty's AC? Misses. It spins around and it manages to just have no effect on any of you. You move out of the way, dodge, it misses you, it just passes right through Doty with no effect. That brings us now to Vex's turn. He's literally the worst creature that's ever existed. Wait 'til your turn. It's okay. What're you doing, Vex? You can make an investigation check to see, you might have to go closer. Okay. Trinket has to attack as part of your attack action. Wait, let me double-check that. I know, I changed that. That's how it used to be. So yes, you can do that. You can do that. You can have him attack and then watch him. Okay. Okay. Have Trinket go ahead and attack. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage. 12! Is it a bite or a claw? Trinket reaches out and bites and snatches through and you watch as the black smoke dissipates in the area and screams again in his face as he pulls back. You're using your action to investigate? Roll an investigation check. Pardon me, buddy. All right! That ends-- that's the end of your turn, right? No, you can move. This way? This way? Closer to the gnomes. Okay. Well, since I left my-- imagine you're flying for this one. I left my pillars at Force Grey. So. I'm going to have those back. I figured you were since you usually are. Unless you don't want to. Okay. Then you're back by the gnomes. All right, cool. That ends Vex's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. Keyleth. Your turn. Okay. You step forward a little bit. There are multiple faces. They're all different creature faces. They all look to be humanoid. They're all shouting and screaming and shifting and roiling inside. Sure. This would be your action to do that, but yeah. Yeah. Make a perception check. Okay. Glancing at it, all the faces seem relatively blank and it's mostly the same face over and over and over again. So there's no real variation to them. That's your whole action, yeah. Okay. So at this point, the gnomes over here are just staying where they are. You watch as Ogden takes another hobbled step back past Taryon and goes, "Protect me!" and puts his hand up to you and kind of hides partially behind you, Taryon. JB stays there. She seems relatively safe and watches as Vex approaches and is like (heavy breathing) and moves along the side of the rock. Pike, your turn. No. The closest gnome to you would probably be Astra. She's over here. So you walk up to Astra. Most of your movement there as you back up. Make an intimidation check. 11? As soon as you put the mace she goes, "Pike! What are you doing?! Pike! The creature's "still alive!" And she points over in that direction, she's not paying much mind to your threat. You still have your bonus action. You can be pretty accurate with a Guiding Bolt, but Guiding Bolt is an action. Okay, so this is less of an attack and more of dropping it on her foot. As it hits, we'll say, 'cause you dropped it on it, she goes (yelps) and she picks her foot off, pulling it out from underneath and it's-- She's wearing a light leather boot. It hurt her toe pretty bad. She's like (sounds of pain) and Johann's like, "Astra, are you okay?" "Pike, be careful!" He's kind of helping her. Does that end your turn? All right, Taryon, you're up. She's right there. JB is over on-- like ten feet to your left. Ogden's just right next to you, almost holding onto your-- the back of your leg for protection. And he's like, "Protect me!" Okay. That is a no. That is a no-no-no. That was a natural four to an addled old man. All right, so roll 5d4 force damage. As you throw the bead down, it bursts in a flash of energy and light, and you watch as Ogden's staff just gets fucking thrown 25 feet in the air from the blast. He's like (yells). He falls on his side and gets back up, and you see him now encased in this sphere of force. Immediately this smoke creature vanishes. Can Doty-- I don't think Doty can move the sphere, can he? Okay! Yeah, it's a hamster ball. He's just like-- at this point, he goes, "You killed it! That's amazing! Pike is saved!" The sphere gets picked up. "Wait! Huh?" Okay, she's just starting to dart off and you grab her by the wrist. Go ahead and make a grapple check. Make an athletics check. Eight? You go to grab for her wrist, and as you grab she wrenches out of it and goes darting this way. What's the DC, or the save on that? I have it right here. It is a strength check against your spell DC. So! You watch as they both turn invisible. And then all of a sudden a bunch of vines go (crinkles) around a gnome-like form. (cheering) She gets some distance. What's the Grasping Vine-- 15, dexterity. Natural 20. You put the Grasping Vine out and she just-- (heavy breathing). I know, all right. So as you aim, you watch as a raven swoops down. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Natural one. You grab her and lift her off the ground and she's now screaming as you pick her up into the sky, the moonlight still kind of casting down. Doty is now carrying this sphere and walking towards the edge over here. Okay, she's breathing super, super fast. And at this point you see, as he's walking over to the edge, Ogden's like, "You-- Look! You saved everyone! Good job!" (laughter) "Pike, Pike. We have-- You have been saved from the darkness of a family line of terrible curses." He's walked to the very edge of the cliff. "Pike, Pike, Pike, Pike, what would Sarenrae "think? What would Sarenrae think?" Yeah, more so than you've ever seen him. He's been crotchety and immobile this whole time, and now you watch him up against the glass and he's standing up straight, and he's like, "Pike, "Pike, seriously, it's fine. It's fine. What would Sarenrae think?" "Oh. No-no-no! Seriously, it's fine. We're family." "Yes?" "I-- it was used in the spell!" "The spell that we used to summon the creature." Make an intimidation check. I'd say you have advantage, given this circumstance. Given this circumstance, you definitely have advantage. He goes, (sighs), and holds the diamond out in front. Doty goes and-- "Tary." "No-no-no!" He's now looking down at the sphere of force below him and looking down to the waves crashing at the very, very small, distant shore. "You can have the diamond back! It's just--" "Look. We don't have a lot. You have plenty. We hear of all the great deeds you've done. All the dragons you've killed. All the vast amounts of money and gold you've procured the past couple years of your adventures. And we get sent a measly sum! A small hint of nothing but a paltry pinch." "She didn't! And yet, we came to offer you nothing but a fantastical story of redemption and "the healing of a family, and you got to know your cousin who you've not spoken to since you left." The sphere dissipates. It's been a minute. And he goes (screams) and just plummets off the side. Okay. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. What is it? (whiff) (screams) Not safely? Where are you dropping her? You're over here right now, you picked her up and went over this way. She tumbles. Stops about five feet from the edge. She's still hyperventilating. You dive down. He's just like (screams). Just tumbling down as he falls faster towards the cliff rocks and you can just barely see the waves crashing from the moonlight that's hitting him as you're just in a full-on raven dive towards it. Grasping Vine is a concentration spell, you'll lose the entanglement if you do it. And with that, without even really much of a resistance from her, she's tangled up in the rope, and falls on the ground on her side. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. Actually, for this in particular, because it's less of a reaction, this is a-- make a dexterity check. This is just a plus your dexterity bonus. You reach out once and grab a section of the cloth and it tears-- and he keeps plummeting. You watch as the stones below-- it's a jagged base of the Salted Bluffs. About ten feet before impact, as his screaming has stopped-- and you grab him and just (whff) right across the surface of the water, but inches! His toes-- the tips of his feet skid across the surface of the water as you (whoosh) and rocket him straight back up towards the top of the cliff. It's going to take you a little while to get up there now. Diving is one thing. He is unconscious in your grasp. Yeah. So you're slowly flying your way back up. You guys are bent over and you can see the raven wings-- you can't quite see whether or not he got him, but all you see is Vax slowly making his way back towards the top of the cliff. She's wrapped up in the rope and she's like (breathing heavily). "Hi, Pike." "I'm sorry. I'm sorry." "I don't care about the money, that's what they wanted. Honestly, I just used this as an "excuse to get to see you again. It would have been fine if no one had found out anything. We would "have been heroes. We would have had no reason to not be friends again. We would have saved you, as "far as you know, from a terrible curse, and maybe that would have-- maybe then I would have been a "hero to you. But I'm nothing. I'm a caretaker to a swindler and move around too much to make any real "friends, so that's just my lot in life, I guess." "That's all I know." You can see now, she's just tears now, at this point. Okay. Yeah, they've let the invisibility down at this point. They're both just entangled. "Oh! There's some sort of misunderstanding here. We were under the impression that there was a "terrible curse." "No! No! We-- Look. Look! Okay. Look, we have been following--" (squeals) "We've been following that man because he is-- He's my dad. And we're really "broke. And we blew through all the money you sent us very quickly. I mean, come on. How much do you "guys got? Like ten thousand gold? That's more than we'll see in our lifetime. Drop in the bucket. "Changed our life. You would have been fine! You would have been great! You wouldn't have known any "better. Our lives would have improved drastically. We would have gone our own way. But maybe stayed "for a week! Made you dinner. But here we are. Are we bad? Are we evil? I don't think so. But that's "up to you, Miss Priest." At this point, Astra's like, "Shh. Honey, honey! Just calm down." And he's like, "No! No-no-no-no. No. Okay. She can think she's better than us, that's fine. You want "to fight the Trickfoot name, that's great. You're still a Trick--" He hits the ground and all you hear is muffled, "But she's still one of us." (laughter) "Yeah, I gathered as much." You wait another few minutes. It's a long flight up at this point without the Haste. I mean, the winds do help a little bit, because the winds are hitting the cliff and heading upwards. So the updraft does help a bit, but it takes about five or six minutes or so for him to eventually get his way back up to the top. Probably longer than that, even. Then eventually you watch as Vax returns and drops an unconscious, unmoving Ogden onto the rocky cliffside floor. Funny thing. When that orb disappeared, and he fell, so did him and the diamond. So he is not with the diamond. The diamond is nowhere to be seen. He's unconscious. Okay. "Hello." "Gotcha!" He glances over at JB, who's, right now-- head is down, just looking at the ground. You can see a little bit of moonlight that's coming by, you can see the wet streaks on her cheeks. He goes "That's very, very fair. That's very kind, and very fair." "As you should! Right, understood loud and clear, young Pike Trickfoot." He takes the coins. "So. Sorry. And how do we get back?" Okay, make an investigation check. 14. Okay. I mean, they're all pretty prostrate at this point. Feeling through Ogden and Astra and Johann, you find about 400 gold worth of silverware. Various other coins. You find some random odds and ends from the castle that have all been pocketed and hidden in boots. Hidden in hidden pockets. Okay. Entanglement drops. Gets up. "Okay, well. I guess we have a long journey ahead of us, "isn't that right, Dad?" And Uncle Ogden is now standing without the hunch and is like, "I believe "so. I think we have quite the journey ahead of us." It's about, maybe, 25 feet this way. It clattered against the rocks here and fell to the ground. Okay, you go and grab it. It's the same gnarled wood still-- Okay. Okay. It is a Staff of Major Image. "Read loud and clear, Percival." (panting) "Crystal." "Well-- despite circumstances, and given that there's no reason to be false, it strangely "has been a pleasure to meet you all. And Pike, it's good to see you doing so well for yourself. "Come! We're leaving!" Johann's like, "Uh, yes?" "All right?" And with that, the rest of the Trickfoot family begins to make their long, meandering way down the mountainside, leaving you guys there. As you make your way back to Castle Whitestone with JB, we'll pick up that next time, as it's getting really late, and you can't really beat a button like that on an episode. Jesus. All right, guys. We're going to end tonight's session there. Thank you so much for watching. (laughter) Interesting note, all of the attacks that didn't affect him were all the attacks that Ogden couldn't see happen. I was! 'Cause I wanted to make it look realistic. I don't know, a lot. I'm sure Critrolestats has a number of damage that was dealt to the air. I wrote them all down. There was a little part of me-- a little part of me that was wondering, because-- my little hope was that Taryon was going to investigate, I tell him. And then keep it to himself until everything happened and they went off on their own. And then as they were walking away be like, "By the way, that wasn't fucking real." (laughter) Anyway, guys, have a wonderful night. Rest well, tomorrow's another day. Pick up, move on.