So first and foremost, we'll get our announcements out of the way as fast as possible. First thing I want to announce, with a little help from our resident gnome bard here today Scanlan's playlist on Spotify went up on the website. Do you want to talk a little bit about that? That's a terrible term. Go check that out, guys. Exactly. It's actually a pretty great playlist; I've been listening to it all afternoon while prepping for this. By the way, it's really interesting to write stuff for the current scenario in Whitestone with some Marvin Gaye in the background. I certainly hope not. Also, next cool announcement our first Critical Role comic came out today. Our four glorious first panels starting off the past adventure of the party in Westruun for their first Winter's Crest Festival. So yeah, there will be one four-panel comic coming out each week to go through the six week run of this storyline, written by our fantastic Taliesin Jaffe and Marisha Ray over here, and drawn by the incredible-- No. (laughs) @WendyDoodles on Twitter. You guys know her as Wendy. She's one of our official artists. She's absolutely amazing. She's our artist for this run. So show her some love. Very much so. And what is in the giveaway? We like to fill your care packages with tons of cool shit. We throw random things in there for you guys, as well. Cool random things, not just random things. Cool, so check out the comic strip. There is a broom. Get that out of there. There you go. Are you? (laughter) Laura, if you want to take this away, we have some new merch, apparently, that just went up in the store. For those who don't know, I don't wear pants during this show. Exactly. It's true, I'm like a satyr. (laughter) No, damn it. Oh man. Yeah, we had a lot of great feedback from people saying that shirts were great, but we want to expand into other parts of merchandise people were requesting, so we're starting to do that. We've been trying to be creative to make sure you guys have stuff if you want it, especially for this season. All right, cool. Next up, just to remind you guys, most of our actual show announcements and stuff go up on our @criticalrole twitter handle, and we have all our personal ones, but that's our central place for all Critical Role-related business and announcements, so if you don't already follow that, you should because all our cool stuff goes up on that. Also, today's donations and our donations for a while are going to be going towards a new charity, pushing towards Doctors Without Borders, to help support people in crisis around the world. It's a wonderful organization. We're going to play a video with information about it during the break today, but in a world that is filled with a lot of positivity, there are dark places and there are dark things and people need aid, so we're hoping to do what we can to try and give to those circumstances, so check it out at the break and if anyone who is able to help give to that, please do so. Let's see, a couple other announcements. We will be off next week for Thanksgiving because all of us have families to see, so there will be no Critical Role next week, unfortunately. I think we'll be doing-- are we doing a rebroadcast of something? Okay. Or just 24 hours of a close-up of a turkey. A turkey I cooked, so undercooked. But yeah, so we won't be here next Thursday, but we'll be thinking of you lovingly in the process, and we'll be returning the Thursday after that to continue the story. No, it never ends. No, I'll be eating copious amounts of pumpkin pie, probably. More, more! Yeah, so there's that. Other cool announcement, this week saw a video game release of Star Wars Battlefront. I haven't had a chance to play it yet, because Fallout. LAURA and But that's next on the list. But you can hear both me and Marisha in Star Wars Battlefront as stormtroopers. (cheering) I think it's rad. So apologies for being yelled at by us. Anything else you want to go over? It keeps my Critmas bronze? Thank you. I know I'm so excited I have a mini! I'm not even in the game, really, but I am. No. I'm going to one day do a Gilmore mini in private. It'll be fun. All right. Did you use woobie intentionally? Anyway! Let's get kicking into this evening's episode of Critical Role. So. To get all of you up to speed. The party has traveled to Whitestone, partially to free their name of some negative political ramifications back in their home city of Emon, and to aid Percy in possibly freeing his hometown of Whitestone from the oppression of Lord and Lady Briarwood, a couple who have risen to power over the past five years after slaughtering his family and taking it over and keeping it all this time. After arriving, they found a very heavy undead presence in the town, with giant zombies roaming the streets as sentinels. Most of the townsfolk kept under perpetual watch in this slowly will-crushing atmosphere. But as Vox Machina arrived, they began to instill the thoughts of rebellion. Stoking those flames once again with the return of the surviving de Rolo, they began to sway the people's minds to make a final stand. During that time, they also discovered that Percy's sister Cassandra is also a surviving de Rolo and exists somewhere in Castle Whitestone, seemingly under lock and key. The party began to systematically take out members of the new nobles who worked underneath the Briarwoods, setting many buildings on fire, leaving emblems of the de Rolo crest across the town and written in the sky, and after an extensive battle, began to make their way toward Castle Whitestone itself. Burrowing into a partially collapsed but long-remembered secret passage underneath the castle, the party rested for the evening with the help of their recently arrived cleric Pike, who had managed to project herself through the will of Sarenrae as a spiritual body given temporary physical form. While they were searching this tunnel, it led to the dungeons, the prison cells beneath the Castle Whitestone where Percy once woke up five years before, before Cassandra helped him escape. While they were walking through those cells, they discovered an old woman currently locked down below there who is asking for the party's aid in freeing her from her imprisonment. And last time we left off, you were helping with-- Fake helping with the lock, much to her chagrin. Yeah, you're a terrible person. All right, so as you snap off the lock and pull away from it, having the strange physical interaction in the darkness around here, Trinket behind you just breathing over your shoulder, keeping close to you just in case anything's wrong. She pulls her hands away. "Fine. (huff) Do as you wish, leave me to rot." She backs up and sits in the far corner of the prison cell and (huffs). All right. And Scanlan, yeah. You all stepped out into the light. The rest of you stayed in the shadows. All right, so there are the rest of the cells which Vax has gone through and taken some time to inspect, where you found what appear to be the remnants of individuals who were imprisoned here and then left to die, long rotted, their corpses picked apart by various resident rodents and other creatures. After doing your passes, the conversation has happened, you see no other signs of life down here. This being the sole prisoner currently within the cells below. Okay. By comparison to this troop, you're some poor sap who got pulled along, but yeah. You are that one quest-giver in Warcraft that walks way too slow and the party is like, "Come on, move!" That's who you look like right now. The bars are about four inches apart. Yeah! She'd have a little bit of cover. Okay. Okay, and there is the one torch that's a little off to the side that gives a little bit of light into this one portion of the dungeon below here. She's sat out, into the shadows of the far corner, arms crossed. You can see a little bit of the light framing her form. You make out okay in the darkness this close as a gnome, but you can see that she's just hunched in the corner, huffing in frustration. "I'm sorry, what?" As Keyleth, partially in the shadows-- the form of Scanlan small enough to not really obscure her presence-- but she nevertheless gestures in the air, recites beneath her words the forbidden druidic languages that coalesce the powers of nature around. At which point, there's a dull flash of energy within the cell. Some of the nearby straw on the ground gets blown away from her form from the general push of air the spell disperses and the impact. The grey hair, the tattered clothes all vanish, revealing beneath it a woman in her early mid-forties or so. Jet black hair pulled into a tight ponytail, but strings of it in front of her face. Still in disarray but nowhere near as wrecked as the previous visage you were presented with. She's wearing nice travel clothes with what looks like some sort of a long duster-like coat that is a little ragged. You can see there's a little stain from being down here for a while. As soon as this moment hits, she pushes back even further, pressing herself against the wall, arms to the side. "Happy?" "My name is Anna, and I would like to be set free, if you don't mind. I can be of assistance to "you. I happen to know a lot of information about the people that currently "reside within this castle." "Release me and I'll tell you." "You've been so forthright in your interest in helping such an old and frail woman. How can I "have any sort of guarantee of my safety should I give you the information you seek? You could very "well slay me in this cell." You very much recognize her. You do notice, by the way, her right hand? The sleeve ends. There is no hand there. It is just a missing hand, and the left hand is visible. Yeah. "Yes?" Roll an intimidation check. 16, okay. Okay. So the dagger which is thrown (whoosh) hits the stone wall next to her and jams itself between two of the stone bricks and gets wedged there for a second. She looks over for a second, reaches up for it and grabs the hilt as it vanishes in a puff of smoke. She leans forward and stands up and steps into the light, and you have a better look of her now, and her face is a little weathered from travel. You can see she definitely doesn't appear to be nobleborn, at least. She's by no means a homely looking individual, but you can see she's seen the world, or elements of it, to have those dark lines at the sides of her face, whether it be from smiles or frowning. She steps into the light and looks to you, this peasant individual making these threats, and seems partially shaken but keeping her composure in the face of such threats. She says, "Well, for one thing, I've been here with them for the past five years. I helped them "reestablish their current social control of this city when they left it a pile of flames and "rubble. And their little experiment beneath the castle? "I was one of their chief scientific designers." (chuckles) "You'll have to ask Sylas or Delilah for that. I don't have all the details or "the reasons behind it, other than the process I was brought in to construct." You can. Make an insight check. 16? Okay. You get the sense that she's telling the truth. You're not quite sure how far off the truth, but there doesn't seem to be any sort of bald-faced deception in her voice, at this point. She speaks with a confidence and a brusqueness of a person who is frustrated by the circumstance and has no other choice. "I wasn't interested in their zealotry or the whispered "dealings, just the challenge behind the construction. I enjoy challenge. Challenge that "pays, well, (chuckles) I enjoy that even more." "I'm down here because my work is done and I wish not to linger with an impending battle. I "don't choose sides; I merely let them fight while I live another day far, far away. I wouldn't have "gotten this far dealing with the people I've dealt with in the past if I had chosen to stick around "under such circumstances, so I tried to leave. It appears Anders saw me packing and decided to gain 'a little favor by turning me in, so they threw me down here, told me to wait out the rest of the "experiment, at least until the ziggurat was complete. So here I am, living amongst rats in a "cell for over a week. That's my reward." "Experiments can be dangerous, sometimes. I dabble with chemicals and alchemical reagents that "can be miscalculated, and I paid a price that will be an ever-present reminder until I can find a way "to fix it. And there are ways." "Based on the way they've treated me here and their possible intent to not even keep up "their end of the bargain now that I'm free to walk away? Perhaps." She turns her head with a curious look. "I could, yes. Why do you ask?" She looks at you very intently. "So. What else do you wish to know? What else do you need, even, to get me out from behind "these bars? Because I'm growing very uncomfortable and cold here in this cellar." Okay. TRAVIS and Okay. You stare at her at this point, intent pushing yourself toward the bars, and she's still looking you over like she's searching for some sort of an inclination as to why you're so interested in these particular questions. "I've no reason to lie. Worst comes to worst, you kill me where I stand or leave me here "to rot. What do I have to gain by lying at this point? Besides, you've already proven you can see "through quite a few ruses. Apparently." "If it gets me out of here and gets me free to do my own business, then yes. I'll have to get "a few things from my room, but I would be more than happy to be free of this desolate landscape. "This whole town is a ruin of misery, and it has no color. It has no culture. I've grown bored of it." "Yes." "I've no interest in paltry magics. I'm more of one who embraces the sciences as a means of "understanding mystery. My whole purpose here was one giant chemical experiment." "Oh, that isn't to say I have don't have my tricks." "Hmm, may. That word, 'may.'" "And if I agree to these terms, you'll release me at this moment? Keep me safe until it "is time for me to take my leave?" As the peasant image fades, for her, there's an intensity to her eyes, a widening of realization as she steps back instinctually with a gasp. And there is definite fear in her voice and her eyes, but there's an uncontrollable smile on her face which catches you off guard. "Percival." (laughs) "Well, then. This certainly explains a lot. I have many questions. I found your recent work "very fascinating." "We'll start with the other topics." She adjusts her coat, regains her composure, and steps up to the bars expectantly. Go ahead and make a check lock pick. This will be more difficult than normal because-- That's a 20 baseline? Expertise? All right. 20 is exactly what you needed. That was the next one. So you take a moment you walk up all slick and (click). You have to get down and you spend the next 30 seconds actually managing to get the pin that she has stuck in there out without actually breaking the spring inside. About a minute and a half of awkward quiet as the sound of scraping metal and jimmying thieves' tools, eventually (click). And with that, (ting) the lock comes loose and the bars (creak) open a little bit. (grunts) The bear, which at this point has been barely visible, steps out of the shadows, as well-- It would be you. Steps out and presents a very puffed-up Trinket made to look intimidating. (growl) Towards Dr. Anna Ripley. "Understood, Percival. Well, then. Shall we?" She steps out of the cell, pushes the bar aside, saunters up past you, steps over, still facing you underneath the torch light. "I'd like to gather my things." "Well, I don't have them here in the cell. They're in my room." "I would like to." "Very well. Come." And she begins to step up the stairway that leads out of the dungeon. You can hear the slight chuckle in the darkness. She goes, "I haven't lived this long "without learning to step a little gingerly." Okay. As you're walking up the stairs, she's talking to you a bit out loud and she's just saying, "This whole entire endeavor-- while it did pay well at the get-go and did pique some of my "curiosity, I'm very happy to see it out of my life after this." You guys get to the top of the stairs and there is a closed wooden door there. She comes to the door and listens to it for a second. (creak) Opens it up and looks out. "Huh. Empty." Holds the door open and says, "Who would like to enter?" "All right, just giving the offer." And she steps into the room. This is the end of a long hallway that leads to a series of doors on the right and left side, and it opens into a large central entrance chamber to what would be the castle. So she steps in. She's not going too far ahead. She's being very conscious that based on the fact that she has nothing on her and you are very well armed, it would not behoove her to attempt to make a run for it. No, I understand. Looking around. She's taking her steps slowly, and she's looking around corners as you guys progress. The doors that are there-- everyone's being very quiet, just the very gentle sounds of careful footsteps against the smooth stone floor. (footsteps) She turns around, looking at the rest of you a little confused, and goes, "Huh. Usually there are a lot more "individuals frequenting this castle." You're inside the castle right now. You could go and if you want to try and enter one of the rooms to the right or left, you can see if there's a window. All the doors are currently closed. Okay. Perception? Okay. You take a moment and listen around. Silent. Still. It's unnerving. You asking? No, you've just stepped up to the base floor of the castle. You're on the base floor, on the side of it. You're not even quite sure which way is north. "Understood." She straightens up a little more and continues walking ever so carefully. Not quite leaning her head or making too many large movements, but definitely still keeping a seemingly nervous eye on how quiet the atmosphere is. You don't hear anything inside the room. Roll a perception check. You hear some slight, muffled, dull thud noise, but you can't really tell how close it is. It's very, very faint. (click) It's open. Push it open (creak) The door opens. Everyone before you whips around, hearing the noise in the silence. Looking inside, it appears to be a long-untouched music room, a space for hosting individuals where you would have small performances, and there is a very cold fireplace in the far corner. There is a small, circular window that is placed in the center of the room that has a very thick glass pane with cross bar on it that seems to look out. And this is your first view-- for you, especially, since you woke up in the tunnel-- your first view of the outside. Do you go up to the window and look? Okay. You two coast up to the glass and look out, and another cloud-covered, slightly drizzly morning has taken the caldera between the mountains that houses Whitestone in this forest. You can see the entire city of Whitestone down below this elevated part of topography. What you do see, one, are large plumes of smoke, about six or seven of them, all gathered towards what you can tell now is the north side of the city, which is the closest to you. You guys are on the southwest side of the castle, based on the spatial awareness you've now made. Go ahead and roll perception check, while you're glancing out. Okay. (laughing) Love those little (gasps) moments. Taking a moment, you pull your brother in to point out where you're looking. It looks like the gates to the castle are wide open. There are tracks through the mud that lead down the pathway to the bottom, and right where the path from the castle intersects with the outer wall of Whitestone, there is a fray going on right now. It looks like the remnants of whatever sort of undead army that wasn't destroyed by you guys, combined with what may have been a number of the individuals who normally guard the castle, have all been momentarily distracted by the rebellion you guys have started, and for the time being, at least, have left elements of this castle unguarded. Pull the hood up. So you get advantage on stealth checks. As you guys step into the hallway and move forward, Pike's physical form is drifting along you guys as she takes each step. You can see she's stopped a little bit and she's lost in thought for a moment. And she looks at the rest of you and says, "There is a great evil here. It's--" And you can see part of her form flicker and shake and almost blink for a moment, and then she reaches forward and says, "Something's willing me "away. I ca--" And with that, her form just vanishes. As you feel this warmth on your hand, Vax, and the symbol of Sarenrae that you have embedded in your glove. You look down, and it has a slight glow to it, similar to the color that her divine energy form had taken. And you see it just slowly fade, but not entirely. The symbol seems to just have this general very faint radiation. A reminder, or at least what small semblance of a connection to her in this dark, dark place. If you go another 20, 30 feet ahead to the end of this hallway, it should open up into the main entrance chamber and you would be able to see the doors. Okay. She continues forward, heads towards the rest of the hallway into the main entrance chamber of the castle, very carefully looking about. She gestures to the rest of you to follow. And as you follow along beside her, you can see the two large front doors that situate the entrance, the main entrance to Whitestone-- No, they are closed. Yeah, if you'd like to. (laughter) Okay. The area has a little more coverage on there, but nevertheless there is a nice cluster of nasty spiked caltrops now. Ripley starts making her way up the stairs, and the staircase ascends for a good 15 feet up before it splits into two curved stairways that come around to a second landing to the second floor. Well, you do now. It lasts for a minute, so yeah, it's worn off. Friends only lasts for a minute. Okay, so you have advantage on all charisma-based ability checks. I'd say it lasts for about an hour after application. The oil will eventually just drift off, as it is an oil. Yeah, it dries and gets rubbed off. It lasts about an hour after application. Okay. You head up the stairs. She's being very quiet about it. She comes up to the landing, heads to the first major hallway that opens up into a long set that goes all the way to the eastern side of the castle. You recognize this area. This is where a number of smaller guest rooms were arranged. There's also a reading room. Around the corner and down the way is where your father's study is. And around the back is where Professor Anders's study was. She continues forward and eventually stops at a door halfway down the hall. Motions to all of you. "Do you mind?" "My belongings." "All right." She opens the door. (creak) So in her room, it's very plainly decorated. You know these rooms are generally very well decorated, just in case. Decorations have been taken off. This room looks very minimalistic and for the most part more for function than anything else. You see there is plain sheets on the bed, most of the room's open space is taken by a long table that's been put here that has a series of alchemical glassware, and you can see what looks to be small containers that contain different materials and powders and seems like she does her own work here. There are two open drums on the side, and there is this very caustic smell to the air. There is an acerbic tinge to the nose as soon as the room enters. There's just this ever-present, very heavy fresh rust smell to the room. She walks to the far end. Underneath the desk that contains this alchemical setup, she pulls a small chest out-- She brings the chest to the top. She opens it up, and on the inside you can see just some folded clothing. She moves the clothing off to the side and she pulls out what looks like relatively simple leather armor. "May I?" "Really?" "Huh. I didn't know that was you." "No." She's partway into it. (heavy sigh) She folds the tunic portion over the chest piece and hands it to you, pulls out some of the arm braces and leg guards and hands those over as well. She goes underneath the chest and she pulls out two small glass vials and sets them on the side. She then reaches underneath and pulls up what looks to be a false bottom of the chest. Places it. At which point she reaches in and pulls out a metallic construction that you all see looks not unlike in shape and purpose as the Pepperbox that you've seen Percy use all this time, though it has only a single barrel and has a small rotating four-part chamber to it. It's a little more refined than his construction, and you can see now part of the alchemical setup she has in here actually is, and you recognize this as you get close, part of it is designed in the creation of ammunition and refining the powder that is used by this process. You see a series of notes that are off to the side that have sketches outlined of your Pepperbox, though not really accurate. Almost like they were recalled from various individuals that had seen it in person and given accounts of it. She's been keeping a very close log of eyewitness accounts of your weaponry, apparently, for some time. (laughs) "You've seen my room, have you not? I prefer function." She reaches down and-- "How am I to defend myself should things go, and pardon my term, ass-up?" "You say you won't release me until you've finished what you're doing here. I assume that what "you're doing here is ending the current reign of those who rule this town. I can't assume that's "going to end with a conversation." She gives you the weapon begrudgingly. Hands you a pouch about this big that's pretty heavy, containing a series of iron balls inside. You can see there's the various instruments she uses for forging them and crafting them there across the table. She puts her hand out towards you for the armor. She puts it on, a little quicker this time, because she feels like she had a little victory. She takes a little vial, puts it in her pocket. She reaches over and grabs a little pouch inside the side with change. Puts a little bit of money to the side there. She reaches in, pulls them out, shows them to you. And you recognize the color. She goes, "What, you think you're the only one who doesn't occasionally suffer a wound? I have to look after "myself, as well." It's a greater healing potion. The one she pulled out and showed you. "Really?" She pulls out the other one. "This is in case things go really poorly and I need to uphold "my sense of self-preservation." (sighs angrily) "It allows me to make a fleeting escape on the air as opposed to by foot." And with that, the glass almost shatters with the amount of frustrating force she slams it into your hand. So you have a Potion of Flying in your inventory right now. "Yes. Everything else here is of no interest to me." She kicks one of the drums on the way out. Slips back into the hallway. Make an investigation check. Yeah. Eight? You give a quick once-over of the room. The place is pretty barren. Other than the large drums of what seems like three inches of some weird caustic substance at the bottom. It's a recurring substance. A lot of the vials are based around it. There's a recurring theme of this caustic liquid throughout all of her instruments. In what way? Or we could have it on camera. "Now, to your sister, is it?" "This would be on the other side of this floor." "I think you know the room." And you know that you're not too far from your sister's room. As you guys make your way across the other side of the hallway, back toward the western side of the castle, eventually finding where, not far from where your room was, as well as the rooms of your brother and Cassandra. They're all localized in this one area of the castle, so you were all nearby. She goes straight to Cassandra's room. Goes to the door and doesn't touch it yet. "I certainly hope not." Okay. As you pull the door open, (creak) you push her in. The room is dark. There is no light. What little bit of light that peeks in from the hallways in the poorly-lit interior of the castle for this time of day. You can see there is her canopy bed. You can see there is her cabinet in the corner, but the room appears to be dark and empty. There are a few along the walls that are currently burnt out at this point. Okay. You glance about the room. It's lived in. The actual bed covers themselves are pulled off. You can see she has a vanity mirror cabinet in the far corner. It's all put away. The chair's open a little, like it was stepped out of. The room is absent of anyone. Okay. You open the closet. She has outfits there. Many of them don't appear to have been worn in a while. You search her desk? Make an investigation check. All right. You go through her vanity cabinet, and you find there's small gems there. Just little keepsakes of hers. Things from her childhood. You do find there is a tattered portrait of her and your brothers and you that appears to be partially burned on one side that is kept on its own at the bottom of the top shelf. You can see currently it just shows half of your face, her next to you, and your other three brothers to the side. The rest of the family is burned off at the top point, but this was once a portrait that was in one of the hallways that apparently was destroyed in the initial attack or since then. And she's kept this scrap as some sort of memory and hid it within her cabinet. You also do find a stack of paper, a series of partially-written notes and ink and quill that are false stops. Letters that were partially written and then crossed off, or mistakes were made or they never got finished that are all written to Archibald. And they talk about the general unrest in the city. Preparation for a possible coming rebellion. Discussing past failures but the intent to try again. There's a theme through a lot of these notes that this appears to be one of the methods she was using to communicate in the outside of the castle, and was her role in previous attempts at freeing the people of Whitestone. You see Ripley's also like, "Well, if she's not here, she's somewhere else in "the castle. I assume." "I don't spend my time wondering or curious about her well-being! I just know that she is "usually here." "I know she's not allowed anywhere near the ziggurat or near our distillery." She breathes a sigh of relief. "That's been largely my project as part of this entire "endeavor. All right, so when I was brought in here, I was tasked to experiment with the design "and create large amounts of a very, very delicately prepared acidic compound, one that "could dissolve the stone of your whitestone and distill it down into pure residuum. This would allow "the bulk creation of a very powerful magical essence for use in construction materials that we "could instill and use apparently for this ziggurat, as well as other such things. Thus, that "was my main reason for being here. We were ahead of schedule, and I completed the bulk of our "development weeks ago, and I no longer had much of a purpose here." "We were trying to create enough continuous acid to develop enough residuum to be used in the "reconstruction of the ziggurat. Once I had developed enough of the compound to where we no "longer had to create more, my purpose was complete. I had no interest beyond that. The rest "is gibberish to me." "Yes." Okay. Mark that. She looks at you, goes, "Yes. If you've seen the vents of greenish fume "billowing out in the garden, that is where the distillery exhausts to." "I don't know. It has something to do with the Briarwoods' interest in some third party. "Someone they've been working with. Someone I've not met, someone who I have no interest in "inquiring within." "I was not given a name. They don't speak of this individual's name. They are very secretive "about it. They paid well, they gave me land, they gave me a title, and when things were done, I was "to go free. Which is why I was not happy in which the predicament you found me, made me." Her eyes trail down to the floor. "The ziggurat itself is, well, based on the tunneling "structure, the distillery's direction? Right beneath the city of Whitestone." "No, not the distillery. The ziggurat might be." "No, I don't believe so, not for weeks. We finished that process for quite a bit now." "Well, not in a warehouse. That's all kept stored underneath the garden of the castle." "You were asking about Anders, though. Do you wish to pay him a visit?" You can see a smile on her face. She does not like Anders. "He was your sister's keeper." "It's very possible if she's not here." "Very well." "I only say because my whole--" "I imagine his study. It's around the corner." "Very well." She begins making her way towards the landing that leads to the stairway down, whereas you stealth off in that direction. You find your way around that corner. Go ahead and roll perception. All right. So both will attune to you at your next short rest. All right, make a perception check. All right, as you make your way down the hallway, you hear what sounds like a muffled female voice from behind a distant doorway. Like a small cry in pain or worry. You rolled stealth before this. Yeah. Okay. It leads down. There are three doorways on this side of the hallway. The central door there is where you hear the noise coming from. You hear a little bit of quiet and a light sobbing. Then you hear another voice, a male voice, an older voice, just say quickly, "Shh! You be quiet until you're told to speak. "They should be close." Okay. It is not locked. It does turn. You glance inside the room, and it's a nice study, and there is a fireplace on one side that is part of a continuation of a two-story fireplace column that goes up through the castle on this side. There are shelves of books, there is a desk in the far corner, there's a couple of chairs laying around. From this side, from what you can see, in the center to the back of the room is an older gentleman wearing a breastplate. You can see his very short gray hair, a little bit of facial hair that's grown in but not to a full beard. It looks like it's been left to go on its own for a little while. And he's currently holding a young woman, roughly early twenties or so with dark brown hair with a couple streaks of white through the sides of the temple. Holding her by her hair with a dagger to her throat, saying, "Shh! Now. When I tell you, you'll say what I told you to "say. Got it?" And you can see she has tears streaking down her face she's like (gasping). All righty. All right. (laughs) So you have a surprise round. Both those individuals right there. Go ahead and make your attack. Okay, so as you burst in. You can see the man's holding, there's the desk behind him, right there. Papers and stuff scattered on there. There's some tables around with some chairs. There are these large bookshelves that hold this side and there's the fireplace in the far corner right there. Flames. Warming the room. There's a small chandelier on the ceiling that has magical light emanating from it that gives the room this warm glow. You don't care right now because you're throwing a fucking dagger. Yeah, he's holding her right there with a dagger to her throat. Okay. That'll hit. Hits. 16 misses. But the first two strike true. All right, so what's that now? Okay. So 88 points of damage. You just went 80 miles per hour on your first turn. As you kick the doors open. (whoosh) The first dagger, he sees it coming towards him for a second and attempts to dodge out of the way, and as he moves this eye out of the way, the dagger (impact noise) right into this one, he screams out (screaming) in pain as it just plunges into his eye socket. Not deep enough to actually hit any brain, but enough to definitely take that eye out as any sort of viable method. The second one just hits him in the shoulder and a reaction to that, Cassandra screams out, "No, run! It's a trap!" At which point, he takes his dagger and just runs it across her throat. You see crimson start to pour down the front as she (choking). Go ahead and roll initiative. All right. Okay. So you're going first. Also, at this point as you throw the dagger, you're still at the doorway and you hear what sounds like two sources of metal clanking together. You can't really see a source, but you hear other sounds in the room. What are you doing with your action? Okay, as you cross this boundary, I need you to go ahead and immediately make a constitution saving throw. Great. All right, so as you step across the threshold of the room, the tile in front of you all of a sudden bursts in a flash of blue, painfully cold energy, like there's a concentrated moment of shredding ice. You can, technically. Correct. Okay, so you take no damage. You dart across, just managing to use that momentum and your intensity toward this horrible moment that just happened before you. And you feel the explosion happen behind you. You just manage to pass beyond it. You rush forward to him. All right. And he's dropped her to the ground now. She's fallen onto her hands and knees. Okay. One, two, three. Okay. So as you rush up to him and shank him repeatedly in the side, the breastplates deflecting part of the blow, but you're managing to find openings in the side, and you go for a shoulder and jam it underneath his arm, through his ribcage, and he screams out (yelps) in pain, and you can see there's blood pouring out the side of his mouth. And the dagger's returned by now, but there's this giant gaping, bleeding wound on the side of his face where one of his eyes is completely ruined. He looks both surprised, angered, and very, very confused about the way things suddenly happened. All right so that's your turn. Okay, he's going to go. First off, there were two sets of decorative armor on the sides of the wall that suddenly have filled with some sort of reddish arcane energy that gives them a solid physical form, and they both step off their pedestals and begin (heavy impact) making their way towards you. But before all that happens, Professor Anders in front of you, wounded and not looking terribly happy at the moment, is going to use his action to attempt to cast Confusion on you. So he goes to step back, and (grunting) just releases his hand in front of you as one functioning eye bores into you as he screams out. You can feel the pressure towards your head. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Well, wisdom saving throw because of that anyway, so. A 20? The effect shrugs off. Nothing on you. He is going to attempt to step back-- So you get attack of opportunity on him. 22? Okay, that does hit. Okay. He will use his bonus action and he-- let me look up the definition of it real fast. Okay, takes a bonus action as he steps back, "(grunts) Come. Take this inspiration to defeat my foe!" And he lends an inspiration dice to one of the armored creatures stepping forward towards you. Now it's their turn. Both these armored creatures pull out swords, and they lift up the shields that they had to their sides, and they rush into you from two sides right there. You see this as they rush up to you they're not really touching the ground, they're gliding across it. So the first one is going to attempt to strike you with two attacks of its longsword. That is a 14? Second one is a 17. All right. The second one now is going to go ahead and take two swings at you. That is an 18. To reduce the damage by half? Okay, so the first strike hits you for 13 points of slashing damage. That'll be half that. There you go. And then that's going to be a 24 to hit. And this is not halved. Okay, that's 12 points of slashing damage. Okay, now to Cassandra's turn. She is on the ground just spilling out her life essence onto the ground. She's clutching at her throat and is like (gasping). You hear that horrible sucking sound of her feeling her life drain from her. She's not unconscious, but she doesn't have long for this world. All right, that brings us to the top of the round. The rest of you guys are now rushing, I assume, dash motion, making your way as fast as you can to that side. Due to distance, you would all get to the end of this hallway, about there. Well, the dash action, yeah. This is your movement and then dash action, you guys, because you guys were down in this area, heading down the stairs. You just made it up and over. And this is Ripley. We'll use that for Ripley for now. Everyone else roll initiative. We're in a new combat round. Who got him that dice? (laughter) You are the anti-Wheaton. If you guys were to play in the same group, all RPGs would fold into themselves and no longer exist. It's like the end of Timecop. It'll be terrible. Okay, so initiatives. We have 25 to 20? 28. 21. Remember your advantage, by the way. All right, so Percy at the top. All right, and you were at-- I think your initiative was 20? Early 20s, yeah, so it'd be Percy, Vax. 20 to 15? 19. Keyleth, all right. Vex, what'd you get? 11. I know, I said Vex! I got it right this time! Technically, I'm from Florida. All right, so Percy, you're up first. You can, but you'll be moving half movement. Full movement? Okay, that's your full turn there. All right, that ends your turn, Percy. Okay, go for it. Well, you have to roll to heal. You pull back, and it's a really unsettling thing as you pull up her head to try and feed her the potion. It's just a regular healing potion? Sorry, got it right here. That's 2d4 plus two. Okay, as you take the potion, it's a messy process. You get most of it in her, but some of it drips on the ground, but the wound seems to close. All the blood goes away on the ground around her neck from the splashing of the potion, which has vanished entirely, and you can see she's (gasping). She's right on the edge, but she's looking pretty rough. That was your action. Thank you for the reminder. So used to dagger, dagger, dagger. I'm like, "Wait, no." Okay, so you move into there, great. That's your turn. For those who don't know, we have a top-down camera for the players, which is really helpful for them to know-- So you move. So you push her aside and get in between the two, okay. Cool, that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, and your speed is? You can get all the way up into here, but that's all you can do this turn. Yeah, so you're (heavy footsteps) bounding down the hall. You push past Percy and rush into the room, and you see a young girl on the ground, doubled over, barely conscious. You see Vax stepping in front of these weird, glowing armored creatures, and at the back of the room, there's a man with bleeding, gaping eye socket. All right. Scanlan, you're up. There you go. I think they have to be in your sight. You can inspire somebody else in the hallway, if you'd like. As the beat hits you, you feel yourself a little more sure shot with any arrows. Take your d10 inspiration die. All righty. So, that brings us to-- all right. Professor Anders, now, is taking his turn. He sees this giant creature in the room looming and he reaches up and closes up one eye and goes, "You. Do this for me." And as he looks at you for a second, he releases another spell and you feel a familiar arcane grasp begin to curl over the back of your mind. Go ahead and roll a wisdom saving throw with advantage because of your Heroes' Feast. 14. Your brain, not tempered against these types of magics and having previously failed you before. You feel your will no longer become your own as now you are an instrument of destruction controlled by Professor Anders. You've been Dominated. Okay. I mean, he looks to you and goes, "Kill that one!" And points to Vax, and you look down at Vax with a grin as the blood-letting you've wanted so bad, your target lies before you. Ending Anders's turn-- Moves to here. Both of these horrors move and shift around now at this moment to get on each sides of you, giving them both a flanking bonus. Now it's four strikes, longsword against you, with advantage. Double eights. Can't roll shit! They have advantage against you because they moved into flanking position. Which, for those who're curious about it, it is an optional rule in the DMG. It exists. Second attack. Three and a four. I can't roll! So this guy just whiffs with both of his weapon strikes. Natural 20 on the next strike. LAURA and Two natural 20s. It was a miss and a natural 20 on the first attack, and then a natural 20 on the first roll of the second attack. So you take on the first hit-- That would be 16 points of slashing damage, and 20 points of slashing damage with the second strike, so a total of 36 points of slashing damage. And you can feel this strange, angry vibrating growl coming from within this unhallowed armor that floats before you. That ends their go. Keyleth, you're up. You can just peek around the corner and see the circumstance. You do, yes. Okay, go ahead and roll. I'd say given the circumstances, you have an inkling that someone's in danger there. And the calling of Jenga. So go for it. 13? Okay, good to know. All righty. That's your turn. Vex, you're up. Okay. So one, two. He's going to attempt to grapple her. Go ahead and roll an athletics check with advantage because she's not expecting it. Okay. Trinket grabs onto the scruff of her coat and begins pushing forward. They both get the rest of half of his movement because he's forcing her forward. That's as far as he can get. What's your speed? Is it 30? You get about there, right at the edge. No, that's your movement and then your dash action to get there. All right. Ripley is just going to stay put for the time being. She's held by a bear and being pushed along. She's just "Ugh." Leather armor, basically. Percy, you're up. You can move six squares, yes. You can a little bit, yeah. As you walk in, around the corner you can see these armor attacking Grog, his axe forward at these two armored entities floating in the air. You see Anders in the corner, clutching a hand over one eye with blood streaking down the face, a number of wounds bleeding out from the armor. Already been a rough day for him, and your eye slips down, and for the first time in a long time, you see on the ground before you, clutching her throat, no wound or blood splatter but clutching her throat and breathing heavily, your sister Cassandra. And you look back up at Anders and you feel the burning rage begin to billow up inside you, and as you walk in the room towards the center of the table, you guys who are able to see the room, you see now, from outside of his sleeves, outside from under his coat, there's blackish purple smoke beginning to (whoosh) billow out from behind. It seemed pretty extreme in the past. It just started; you don't know. Go for it. As you pull off the hat, your image shifts fully to Percy, at which point Anders looks back and sees this source of smoke and glances over. His hand falls away at a moment of realization, eye goes wide. "Percy..." All right. In the frustration, the rage and such, you pull up your gun and as you go to fire, the bullet gets caught in the chamber and it almost ejects the entire barrel from the front of it. It's not too difficult to repair, but it definitely upsets the current flow. Is it an action or is it an attack to do? Should say under the-- Yeah, so you have to use your next turn to try and repair it. Okay, you can see that this whole moment here, as the smoke pours out from the front of the gun, you yell out angrily and there is this unnatural bassy reverb from your scream that shakes the room. Anders actually takes a step back from this and is looking about the room, and finds himself basically trapped in the far corner of his study. That ends your turn. Vax. Okay. That hits. That hits. Okay. Needs to make concentration checks to see if he can maintain his Dominate. Against ten damage? That succeeds, and yeah, that succeeds. So he maintains concentration of his spell, but both daggers, you just run up and stab him. This angry grunt under your breath with each stab and you can feel the armor itself is now warm with the pooling blood from the wounds that you gave him before. He's looking pretty rough. Unfortunately, no. It's one of those things where a Sneak Attack would be an eye shot for this one. You go and try and stab towards the eye, and he pulls away; he knows what's coming and uses that inertia to jam it into his side and stab a second time in there. So yeah, no purchase in the eye, unfortunately. Yeah, just right in front of him. That ends your turn. Grog. Essentially, you have to follow his orders. He's not directly, specifically controlling you right now, but he told you, "Attack him," so you have to use all the things at your disposal to now attack him. Nope. You get a saving throw at the end of your turn. You're not raging. One. You step over Cassandra, (impact noise) stepping on the back of her leg, and find your way right there, which is flanking him between Anders, so you have advantage on both your attacks. Second attack. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. (laughs) With your flaming war hammer. 18 points of slashing damage. No, sorry, bludgeoning damage. 21 points of bludgeoning and fire damage with the second strike. Unexpectedly, these two titanic slams hit you from behind. The first one throws you into Anders for a second. Anders then pushes you away, and as you are still reeling from the impact, you look up and see the hammer come down, and (whack) you move your head out in time, preventing you from being squished, but the impact hits your shoulder and the side of your neck, and your whole body crumples into itself. You cry out in pain instinctively, just (screams) from the hit. And your whole world blurs for a second as you're barely keeping yourself on your feet. Grog, that ends your turn. You can make another saving throw with advantage to try and shrug the effect. Yes. 19. With that, the momentary controlled bloodshed fades. Your mind becomes your own, and what little bit of remorse you may feel for the battered Vax in front of you, you can't help but laugh a little bit. But then you turn your attention to the one who bent your will, and your rage begins to swell up inside you. So that ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. You just get past there, and you can see into the room. You have visual on, yeah, pretty much everything in the room from there. Correct, yeah. At a glance, it's hard to tell. He's also facing away from you. You see Grog and Vax facing off the guy in the corner. You see two of these large armored entities. Okay. Okay. How many charges were restored in the wand from your last long rest? So you're casting three on one and then-- Okay, go for it. So that's 3d4 plus three to each one. Go for it. (magical sound effects) Releasing the wand on both flicks of your wrist, you can see these bursts of arcane energy swirl around and slam into each one of these creatures. Yes. Okay. All right. (explosion noise) The impact hits. You see the armor shake for a second and look angered and frustrated for what a faceless arcane entity in armor could, and both heads just go (shhhh) and look in your direction simultaneously. That ends your turn. The words are lost on you, but it's a nice theme. You take a d10, yeah. All right, that ends your turn. Anders, frustrated by the whole circumstance and on the cusp of a really bad circumstance, is going to attempt to cast Dimension Door. Not unless you have-- there's a feat that lets you do that. Yeah, I think it's mage slayer. Okay, all right. Yeah, you see him. Right, because you took that when you leveled up. (cheering) Yeah, you can tell me what level. You are very familiar with the spell. It is a 4th-level spell. Okay. Then there is no roll. With that, he takes a moment to finish casting. You see there's a moment where this bit of purple arcane energy, familiar to most of you as Scanlan's escapes, begins to sparkle behind him and as he goes to step into it, the shawm shrieks out into the room, he (groans) reaches up and covers his eye as it almost seems to be shrill to his head and cause the pain to pulse and the doorway just slams behind him. (panting) Yeah, that's his turn. That was his action. He's going to use his bonus action to say, "Come "to my aid! Quickly!" He's going to put another inspiration die to the other armor. And that's going to end his turn. It's now their turn. They are both going to come around. This one is just going to move around Grog; no attack of opportunity because it's still in your melee. This one is going to step into range from over here. This one is going to turn and go for Percy. Sees this billowing as you're stuck there trying to fix the gun, and just rushing towards you with its shield forward, its horrible, jagged longsword in the air arcing towards you. Two strikes versus you. That'll be a 19? Okay, first strike, you take nine points of slashing damage. So you go down. Second strike, because it's still going for you, hits automatically. It's an auto critical. You fail two death saving throws. That ends its turn. This one is now going for you, Percy. First strike. That would be a nine. It's going to use its inspiration die. Add nine to that, so 18. (evil laugh) Bards! I'm sorry. I don't get to use them very often. So that is 11 points of slashing damage. And the other strike-- oh, that's a natural 18, so yeah, that will be... cocked. Oh, only eight points of slashing damage. Correct. (whooshing) And it's painful, but not a huge thing at this point. You're so focused right now on the weapon. All right. That ends their turn. Keyleth, you're up. Vax is right there. You see him get slashed from behind, fall to the ground, and you see it raise a blade again and jam it into his torso, pull it out, and there's a streak of blood that just spatters across the ceiling from the force of the arc. Okay, so you move in and you see this. As you rush into the room, you see this arc happening. Right there, yeah. That'll be pretty much your movement to get there. At what level? If you're unconscious and a creature hits you, you automatically fail a death saving throw and if it's a critical hit, which if you're unconscious a hit is an automatic critical, it's technically two death saving throws. Yeah, if nobody hits you and it's your turn, you roll to see if you-- but if something keeps hitting you while you're down? Can kill you pretty quick. Like two hits. Yeah, and your death saves go away. It's per turn. Per time you go down. Okay. Your source? Which source? Okay. So right here? Okay so, out of the wood, a vine-- or it's not wood, actually. This would be a stone wall. So out of a crack in the wall, little bit of material begins to form into a giant vine that forms next to you. What are you doing with it? You pull her over to the side and she gets pulled across the ground, and she's on her back now looking up. Her eyes are a little starry-eyed, but she's (panting). Looks very confused, and her eyes are still adjusting to the whole circumstance. Yep. All right. Vex, you're up. Yes. You have no idea. This all happens very quickly. You just saw your brother take a huge-- Okay. You won't get close enough to do it, unfortunately. Make an acrobatics check. For this circumstance, due to the circumstances with your brother being on the ground, I'll let this be a little more intense. Yeah. 17, all right. With that, you rush forward, just seeing this tunnel vision image of Vax on the ground, blood pooling under his form. You dart forward, slam on your knees and begin preparing the spell as you skid across the stone floor of the study. You reach out and your hands meet his form, stopping you in the process just as the surge of healing energy jolts through his body. So you can go ahead and cast it on him. So you heal nine hit points. (laughs) Okay, that's your turn. Forward? Okay. That ends your turn. All right, go ahead and roll an athletics check for Trinket. Eight? Okay. Trinket, holding onto the scruff of Ripley's neck. Ripley then tugs away from the grip. Reaches into the pouch she had earlier. As a bonus action throws down a small rock that (explosion noise) fills this entire tunnel here with a 20 by 20 fog cloud, apparently. And now that she's disengaged, she's going to... Nope. Trinket does get an attack of opportunity on her as she runs past. No, unfortunately. No, sorry. Nine. All right Yeah. That hits, yeah. She has no armor. Okay, got it. She runs past. The whole area is obscured for Trinket. Trinket for the moment really has no idea really where she went as she rushed past, and bit out and is now giving out this (bear growl) notification growl sound, but in the chaos right now, it's not catching your attention as your brother nearly died before you. All right, that ends her turn. Percy, you're up. Okay, go ahead and make your roll. You hit it, then yeah. With the creature looming there, you manage to bend it back into place. You get it aligned as best as you can. That's your action, though. So your gun's functional, but that's your action. Yes, you are. Okay. Okay, gets an attack of opportunity on you. Guy rolls a 14. So you just (whoosh) duck under it instinctually. It comes toward you. Eyes forward, you duck underneath the blade. Okay, you get right up to there, and you can see Anders backing away as you approach. Go for it. That hits. That hits. Anti-Wheaton. Okay. All righty. This is the critical. Okay. How do you want to do this? (cheering) You can get one more step up there. You can take the shots as you're stepping towards him, unloading. So the first one (gunshot) blasts out the shoulder. You can see the bone exposed, the metal breastplate sundered by the bullet, as he backs up (gasping) As you're walking towards him, he begins shouting, "Percival, you disappoint us all. All you had to do was die like a good de Rolo." This one (gunshot) into his chest, and you can see the actual breastplate bends inward to the wound and he's (choking noise) spitting out blood from his mouth as he bends forward. "This land has "a greater destiny. You and that fool Ripley, you place your faith in toys and dust. You seek the "transient truths." You're stepping up to him. And as you're doing this, as you're pull the mask down, he says, "I die to rise again. We are "his blood." With that, a resounding blast (explosion noise) echoes through the room. The back of his head just scatters across the wall behind him. The top of his head folds in a little bit from the lack of a substantial base, and he tumbles backwards, releasing the gun with a limp (splat) onto the ground behind. You're still holding the Pepperbox in front of you, hands shaking. As you hold it there, looking at it, you can see there's a flash of purple energy across the barrel that has Anders's name across it and (fluttering noise) the name burns away, leaving the barrel blank. Smoke begins to subside a little bit. It's still there, but it seems like at the moment, it has this release aspect to it. Yeah, that is your turn. Vax you're up. There's one over here, and there's one-- technically it's right next to you. You're still prone. Half your movement. As a bonus action, okay. Yes, you can. That hits. 11 points of damage, all righty. Great, okay. Let's see here now. That ends your turn. I had the list down here. All right. Grog, you're up. Nope, there's just one right next to you. Okay. Regular rage. 14 hits. Both hit, yeah. Okay. Okay, cool. So as you slam your hammer twice into it, the armor dents. You can see now, the energy that's holding it together is flickering, almost like the arcane entity that resides within it is having a hard time keeping itself in physical form. All right. That end your turn, unless you want to move or do anything else. Scanlan. You're up. Okay. You'll get into melee with him if you do. Means if you want to do any ranged attack or spell attack roll, you would have disadvantage on it, but otherwise it has no effect. Okay. Okay. All righty. Yeah, okay. Is this the 1st-level Thunderwave? Okay, so makes a constitution saving throw. No, he rolled a natural four, so it takes 2d8 thunder damage and he is pushed over the table, and then would fall over if it wasn't now drifting above the ground a few inches. Rights itself, but it did push it away from you. Roll 2d8 damage. Nine points of thunder damage against that helmed creature. All right, that brings us to their turn. This creature you just slammed into is going to rush back towards you. This one's going to turn and attack you, Grog. Two strikes against you. That is a 15. Sorry. 25. Rolled an 18 naturally. And that is a 21. Okay, so you take six points of slashing damage, halved to three, and nine points slashing damage, halved to five. So eight points of slashing damage total. Two strikes against you, Scanlan. That is an 18. Okay, and then a 12. So you take-- that's seven plus 11 points of slashing damage. (whoosh) As it goes to strike a second time, you see the second blow coming and just duck out of the way. That ends their go. Next up is Keyleth. Correct, yes. One's on Grog. The one on Grog is looking a little rough. The one near Scanlan's doing okay. She's fine. There's no blood. There's nothing; the wound is gone entirely. But other than that, she looks fine. Okay. This pulls him over Scanlan's form and slams him right next to Cassandra. Go for it. 16 does not hit, unfortunately. Shakes off of it for a second. All right, so that ends your turn? All righty. That brings us to Vex. You're still down on your knees. Your brother got up and rushed off, he seems okay, (panting) taking a breath for himself. His head slowly turns towards you, the mask still on. You can see his eyes just barely through the glistening circular glass slots where he looks through. The smoke still billowing up from underneath, the head slowly turns towards you. No. Okay. He is technically in melee with you, so you get disadvantage on these strikes unless you want to move away. He would, unless-- he didn't take one against you when you ran back because you disengaged, so yes, he would. Okay, so you move back a step. That is a 21. Okay, you take nine points of slashing damage as you reach back. The creature (whoosh) arcs with its sword and manages to strike you. Roll for your attacks. Both hit. 34 points of damage for both? Right. You pull the arrows out and launch them both simultaneously, two arrows in one notch; release them both. One slams into the armor. That one goes underneath the helmet, and as it strikes you hear this horrible echoing (screeching) screech that echoes as the armor (thud) falls to the ground. You can take the rest of your movement, if you like. Well, you were standing up to move back. Unless you wanted to be like-- Okay, so you pulled back while on the ground. Release the arrows. There you go. All right. Stand up, brush yourself off. That ends your go. Trinket can, if you want. Yep. Rushes out. Will get there. Rushes through the fog and looks over and sees her right there. Okay. That ends your turn, and now it's her turn. She goes into a full dash and takes off. Trinket does get attack of opportunity. So what did you roll? 12? 12 does not hit, unfortunately. Even with no armor, she's a pretty quick one. She ducks below and bolts down the hallway and around the corner. All right. So that ends your turn, her turn. Percy, you're up. Okay, regular shots? Okay. 14 misses. Deflects it with the shield. Deflects the second one with the shield. Heavy armor on this one. Okay. This one actually manages to duck out of the way and splinters across the wall behind it. All righty. Vax, you're up. There. No. Well, you can use the rest of your action to keep moving, if you'd like. Okay, that brings us to Grog. Run towards it, jumping and putting one foot on the table; using that as momentum to rush in the air. Go ahead and roll your attack. 24 hits. That hits. Nice.