Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Yep. Welcome to the chaos. Well, you guys are cool. I'm still working on it. I am, but of all the people in that picture, I think I needed the most work. Hey guys, I'm the one with Critical Tape tonight, so. Critical Tape on our fantastic sconce there. Spare no expense. Anyway. So before we go ahead and jump in tonight, I want to give a big thanks and Sam's going to back me up on this for our sponsor for tonight's episode, Backblaze. (cheering) Let's have a very, very brief moment of silence for your hard drive. Thank you, that was great. All right. Yeah, in just a second. All right, other announcements, I wanted to say real fast, it got posted in the Anime Florida convention that's this weekend, I did say unfortunately I had to cancel on the event due to personal reasons. I'm sorry I can't be there, but they have a lot of great guests. Please go, have fun, check it out, it's going to be great. I'm going to make it up to you guys, since there are thankfully plenty of conventions in Florida throughout the year, so I plan to be out there really soon and will get a chance to make it up to you guys in person. Anyway. Sorry about that. Much love, and let's get into this episode. So everyone ready? Everyone set? We had a few levels, actually. We had Vex, Vax, Grog, and Keyleth, all hit level 15. Well, she has to choose at the beginning of each day. And on that note, let's dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] You're still in the house, yes. Make an investigation check. What are you trying to find? Sure, go for it. 20. You inspect the gun, and the gun, almost like a pearled handle in a weapon, has whitestone inlay and certain portions of the actual weapon contain pockets of whitestone. Upon getting closer to it and-- you're perturbed as she begins to inspect closely and you see her face open up with reaction. It's probably been a while since you've missed a detail that Keyleth picked up on your own item. There is a very, very faint magical aura on the piece of whitestone that's underneath the main set of barrels on the front, and there is-- the carved signature of Ripley across the bottom does give off a faint magical glow. In theory, you can scry on anybody that you've met as well, as long as you know about them. I would give that a bonus to the actual roll. What are you looking for? What'd you roll? A nine. You angrily begin throwing things around the room in a fit. But you're so unfocused in your search, it's less about the actual search and more about the frustration that this bypassed your attention for so long, and you guys watch as Percy begins to throw the bed to the side and go through and start shoving stuff off of counters, and he's not really looking for anything, he's just trying to deal with his pent-up frustration. Yeah, there were no traps and you managed to make it through below the small-- It's a small alley that leads into an open public space, so as long as you listen out for anybody in the vicinity, you can-- Okay, go ahead and make a perception check. 22. Okay. You go up these small handholds as you go up to the top, and there's a little bit of a grate that's pushed there, you push it open, and the metal circle plops on the side. You find that there's actually a piece of thin cloth that's covering it as you push it over, and you listen up for a second. You hear the bustle on the outside of the city, but you do not notice anyone paying attention to it, and you use the right moment to dart up and you begin taking watch for the rest of the party. Make a survival check. While you guys are having this conversation, Vex is occasionally chiming in this whole time, but is also keeping a very close eye on her own mental layout of how the actual scuffle happened, looking for signs of impact. You actually follow the footprints where someone smeared in the blood and tracked it up. There are varying foot sizes in some of the tracks you can see pressed in the dust, and there was a layer of dust down here within certain areas because portions of the room are not often trekked. In fact, you see from the general dust that's settled, there's a track from the bed to a couple of shelves to the table and the exit, and you get the idea that Mistress Asharru, being as trained as she was, she had a pattern and outside that pattern that she walked, there is a pretty heavy layer of dust that gathered in those areas of the room, and those areas had been disturbed in some ways, and you gather based on the footprints that are there, there were at least five or six people in the room when this went down. Yeah. And as you throw around the dust, all the tracks, everything that gave a sign of the previous invaders, vanishes slowly as the dust begins to cover the entirety of the floor, and as you guys leave the same. It looks weirdly undisturbed other than the body lying there with now no actual ability to track how it got there. Okay. You all eventually make your way to the end of the secret tunnel, Vax leads you up at times when it's least likely to be noticed in the alleyway, and eventually you all make yourselves up into the top, close off the entrance, and then are hiding off, and then carefully, nonchalantly make your way into the main thoroughfare up here. And it isn't a large street, it's one of the secondary side-streets. Occasionally you have a person that comes by with a large cart, or a couple people walking arm-in-arm, but no one seems to pay any attention or notice your alleyway entry, and you have successfully obscured yourself within the rest of the denizens of Ank'harel. Yeah, you're not sure what the actual enchantment is. It's subtle. Omar's challenge rating 30. She disguised her hand, she also a short distance seemingly teleported or managed to break away from you guys and Trinket to make her escape. Okay, you guys make your way back to the Debt's Respite. You head back up to your rooms, and you have a relative private space to go ahead and discuss the next portion of your plan. You have three rooms. (bear noises) Licks the side of your face and gets back in a restful period with the front of his paws and his head leaning over the edge of the bed, and the bed itself is bowing under his weight. All right, so you guys head to one of the other rooms, then? Okay. You guys close the door behind you. And you do, Grog. This hallway is yours. All right. You do have an item. There you go. Anyone have the item card for the-- Oh, you do? Great. So yeah, it allows you to basically do the equivalent of a scry spell once per day. Yeah, all right. All right, so without the gun you don't get the bonus from the item focus. But you also have the gun not in your presence. Okay, you go into the room, and as you walk toward the bed, Trinket growls at you. I mean, an object of which has some close contact with the individual could help, yeah. Yeah. You can use that instead, if you wanted. They would not overlap. (bear noises) Okay. That will add five to the DC modifier. So what's the DC of the spell? All right, so now it's 24 to try and resist this, as I throw my d20 into oblivion. Fuck that dice. I didn't need it. You know, I'll use the big one, then, that Chris Perkins gave me. DM power. All right, then. This is now Ripley's wisdom saving throw. Hm, okay. No. As you sit down and focus, you take the small object in your hand and concentrate with the notes in front of you, and you find that thread of connection between your memory of Ripley, as fuzzy in some places as it is, you have a very clear image of the moments you guys met in Whitestone. The notes, you connect those threads, focus on the object, and then you guys watch as Keyleth's eyes dart open once again, clouded over and white. Your vision pierces above. You can see your consciousness thrust through the clouds, white clouds passing by, passing by, and then your vision comes back down through the clouds, only instead of the desert, instead of the mountains, instead of anything in the nearby area, it's just ocean. Just ocean. Waves seem endless around you. You emerge once more, your vision moving before, only now there's a torrential rain surrounding you, lightning, thunder clapping. You are in the center of a very, very heavy storm that is tearing across this ocean expanse. A boat creaks, ropes swing, and you hear voices yell. A crew barely holding it together. Standing on the deck, hooded, you see Ripley, calm, and looking out into the horizon. She smiles from beneath her dark leather cloak, a shimmer of blue energy dimly crackling across its inner lining. A voice yells, "Nothing yet!" And her eyes dart up to the crow's nest, then back down to her weapon, a handheld firearm of slick design, but familiar function. Six barrels. Lightning flashes once more in the distance, followed by a very, very nearby crack of thunder. The boat lists for a second as a wave passes under it, and it catches itself again. She runs to the deck to look out across the crashing waves, and the vision fades back. They're in the Ozmit Sea, yes. I'm going to go ahead and have... let's see. Scanlan, roll a history check? And if you could roll an intelligence check. You know it's in the Ozmit Sea, but you've never been there, you don't know where it is, you have no idea what the actual space is there. You. Island of glass, and after thinking about it hard, you're like, of course, it's the Isle of Glintshore. It's part of a cluster of islands. You don't know quite where it is, but you know of it. That's about all the information you have on it at the moment. You don't know how far, the specific direction really. It took you about a week to get to Vasselheim via skyship from Emon and that's normally a two-and-a-half week journey by boat. You guys got to Marquet via your Transport Via Plants. Oh no, sorry, you got to Marquet via the Teleportation Circle that-- You have a mountain range that is at the top, the northern part of the desert, probably a day and a half of foot travel and the mountain range, you're not sure how big that is. From what you know of loose geography-- Scanlan, you probably know this better than anybody-- that Ank'Harel and this part of the desert is not too far from the northern shore of Marquet, compared to the rest of it. The entire continent is like a big U and this is the Ozmit Sea up here. This is Marquet. Ank'Harel's right there and then this is the ocean. Of an ocean boat? Yes, probably twice as fast. Yeah. Wind Walk, you mean? It's a different spell, but yeah. It's 30 feet. Little different. Focused around the target of the scrying. No. You can, but you'll see a blurred skyline-- For you, when you scry on something, imagine it, like, super high depth of field, so like what you're looking at is super in-focus and most everything else is very blurred and out of focus. Whitestone is much further away, yes. Across a vast ocean, and then across the continent. Five days? From your travel from Draconia, back to Whitestone, to resting in Whitestone, heading from there to the southern city, then travelling from there to Ank'Harel, then you've had-- Well no, yeah about four or five days because you travelled then from Whitestone to south of Ank'Harel, then you wind walked to Ank'Harel, but then camped outside of Ank'Harel, because the time you got there was night, then you made it into the city, then you stayed for the evening, you slept again and the next night you went ahead and went into the casino, then slept the night there, so yeah, it's been about five days. No. Well two weeks was the agreement, so you have more than five. Nine. Treev, yes. All right. All right, you head down into the tavern, and at this time of day it's a little empty, a little sparse, maybe like, four patrons. Two in discussions, one that's deep in the cups and one in the midst of going through paperwork and in the far back you see Treev once again has his heavy spectacles on and is currently looking through that same book he was before, doesn't seem to pay any mind to you until you approach him. "Oh, aye, good to see you. What can I do for you?" "Then talk to me." Puts his book away, glasses on it, leans forward. He leans forward a little bit on the bar. Vex, Vax and Keyleth. You notice that the hooded figure, that originally delivered the note, is back in the far corner, where it was and it seems to have stepped a couple inches out of the shadows as well, paying very close attention to this conversation. Goes, "So you are saying that the mistress was assassinated?" "Cloak?" "And you know this how?" "Where?" "How do you know where she lived?" Percy, make a persuasion check. Okay. Treev puts one hand out on the bar, he's got a big heavy coin in it, he's nervously tapping it. (few knocks on wood) You hear (door closing) as the door of the tavern closes and all the patrons you saw are now standing up completely sober and they're all taking a circle to the outside of your group. He's leaning forward, going, "All right, so you're clever. You came looking for the mistress, she "suddenly winds up dead. You found her body." Still sitting in the back of that shadowed alcove between a bunch of barrels that are stacked and part of the bar side. No, the coin tapping has stopped. No. Do you take a look around? Okay. None of them appear to be armed, but they're all looking very closely upon you. You can make a perception check, Keyleth and Grog, if you'd like. Okay. Yeah, you see them staring. They look pretty normal. You do notice, what you didn't quite notice before, when you first entered, but a lot of these tables have like small cubbies on the edges, and each one of them are standing very close to one. One you see a little bit of a pommel that is barely poking out and they're all at the ready. This tavern definitely is-- Mercenary band uses this tavern as their base of operation and has definitely seemingly outfitted it to be functionally good place for mercenaries when they need to be. That you are at? You have to get down to really inspect. You want to do that? Okay. At initial glance you don't see anything, because everything is close to you, it's from a top-down perspective and you're blocked from seeing anything beneath. He goes ahead and puts his finger up this way and marks this direction. The figure that you're watching, Vax, steps out from the shadow and walks very calmly across the room, through all of you right to the edge of the bar by the door and goes-- not breaking eye contact with you, speaks out of the side of his mouth, Treev goes, "Go ahead and check their story. See her abode. We're "all going to wait here nice and patiently together until we figure out what the fuck is going on." "We got mead." "Well, you've certainly got a captive audience, so go ahead." "So you're saying this woman that you're chasing is the one that killed the mistress?" "More so blinded-sided at the idea that the mistress was felled by someone. She could take "care of herself and has for quite some time." "Five of them and a woman, you say?" His eyes narrow for a second. "Describe this woman." "Old woman?" And he starts describing. "Sort of a spindly gray-blonde hair, tumbles past the "shoulders, piercing blue-ish green eyes." "She was the last one to hire the mistress. About a week before you came." "I don't know." "She had five individuals following her, aye." "Didn't get the best good look. Kept it very hush-hush between me and the lady at the table. "Rest of them stayed at the back of the bar. Then they went on their business." "Here." "Aye." "What's that mean?" "So you're telling me that you came in here with a story about a murder of one of my finest mercs." "And you decided upon finding this murder to get rid of all the evidence of said murder and "anything that could possibly point to you not being the murderers." "I'm not going to lie, I mean as far as--" "On the house." He reaches under the bar and pulls up one thick, dark, red ceramic bottle. Cap's already off. He's plucked it off with his thumb and sets it in front of you. "Guess it's possibly one of the major setbacks of this line of business. Very few grow "too old and gray and get to die happy in their beds. God knows I wasn't planning to." There's a long, awkward pause interspersed with bits of conversation for about 15 minutes before the hooded figure returns, enters the door, comes over and whispers for a good solid minute in the ear of Treev, before stepping back and calmly walking back to its corner. Treev sits up. "Well, parts of "your story certainly hold up. The body has been there for a while, at least from before I saw you. "Mind you, I don't know when you came into town. We only met a few days ago." "Oh, believe me. A lot of you doesn't make sense, period. So I'm just trying to figure it all "out." And he rubs the end of his long draconian snout. "What you plan to do when you find her, then?" "Which one of you is your dealmaker?" "This one?" "This one?" He leans over the bar and gets real close up to you, and takes a moment to (sniffs). "Aye, you "smell like trouble. I like that." Make a persuasion check. This is your essence of presence and telling him that you're the kind of person that-- Your general charm. "How is this for a deal? I got a nice fine look at your faces, I got friends all across these "lands. If what you say is true, you go. We let you leave. You find this murdering bitch, you kill "her. I want one thing, her good hand. I think that would be vengeance enough for the mistress." "Not talking to you. I'm talking to you." "Well, you've come to the right place. What assistance do I have to give you, what do you need?" "Can't really help you with that, sorry, mate." "We've got scattered mercs throughout the city, aye, but they work for coin, and half of "them are busy in other jobs." "How much you got?" "All right. I can call someone in." He goes "Hmm. Ships, no, not much in the way of ships here in the middle of a desert, you're "looking for them sky-buggers. Looking for a ship like that for seafaring types you're going to want "to go past the Agrin Mountains, then make your way towards the Bay of Gifts." MARISHA and "That's where you'll find the port town of Shamal." "Shamal. The mountain range is vast in itself, you're looking at, oh, at least a week on "foot to try and traverse those mountains." "I'm going to fucking fuck you." (laughter) "Aye, it's over by the--" "There's no one fucking controls the skyport." "Well, if you're looking for speed, it's probably your best bet. Ships on this ocean, let's "say the weather's not usually handy." "Well, wish you the best of luck." "Now, go! Kill her. Give me her hand. I figure if time goes by and I haven't heard from "you, you've either died or I'll be sending some of our mercs to come find you." "If you're looking for fast, speedy, and immediate assistance with this, well, that's going "to have to run the cost up a bit, see. We have quite an enchanter that could probably help you "with that." "Aye. See if in the next hour I could bring him in, but it'll run you, full disillusion or "whatever you need, 750 gold." "Transference--" "Well, takes--" "Moving something takes a little bit longer than to just get rid of something." "I dunno, not one of them types. But I mean, we've had a couple of enchantments moved in the "past, and that was anywhere from a few days to a few weeks, get that done." "All right." "750." "I carry a bit of jewelry on occasion." "All right," and he goes ahead and pulls out a small tome of blank sheets, many you see have been torn out, and he makes a quick note on one, rolls it up very simply, doesn't do the usual rigmarole of an official writ, but hands it to the masked hooded figure in the corner who walks out and darts off. "Kyme'll be here in a hour." "Kyme." "Payment?" "Do you trust in my service?" "Well if you'd much rather, we could go ahead and clean out your guts here in the floor, "wouldn't be the first time I had to swab the floors here." "All right." He knocks the countertop and gestures for you to put them down. He looks over at one of the guys in the bar. They've all relaxed a bit now, two of them have sat down. One of them approaches; human, a little scruffy, looks like he's a little ill to be honest, like he's probably not had a good week of food. He, however, walks up and fumbles through a small pouch and pulls out a small jeweler's eyepiece and takes them up and inspects each of them independently. How much are they worth? "I'd take it." Sits back down. "Very well, debt is paid." Takes the gems, pops them in his little side pouch. Do you guys wait for the hour? "Certainly. Sit, I'll get you some food." So is it going to be just you two? All right, so, as the rest of you guys stay behind you get a fair meal, the two of you begin making your way through Ank'Harel. You're making your way over towards the edge of the Suncut Bazaar towards the Sand Herald district right on that cusp there is where you saw the skyport in the distance. Go ahead and make an investigation check. You can make one as well, Grog. All right. Where normally it would be confusing to find where the base of it is as it is obfuscated by a series of other larger buildings, you guys ask a couple of folks rather quickly that know the layout of the town really well, and with enough of a flash of a smile and a flash of a really intense arm muscle, within the next 30 minutes or so find yourself at the base of the actual skyport. It is called the Indala Skyport. Not as tall as the one in Emon which lays on the outskirts of the Cloudtop District, but it appears to be on the level, it's maybe a good five stories up. The outside of it is a similar chain lifted platform as the tower at the Cerulean Palace that you guys traversed earlier in your time in Ank'Harel. There is a large stone scaffold with no walls, sitting there on the ground. As you approach, there are two people dressed in simple clothing, you see some dust and dirt on their hands, they're in the midst of moving crates up and down and you see they're moving some barrels off of the platform, putting them up onto a cart that's probably going to be wheeled deeper into the city. As you approach the platform you see one of them is by a bell mechanism, attached to part of the platform, a small block that's about shoulder high, and there's a bell on the end of it with a ringer. As you step up onto the stone platform both of you, the two guys that are working, the guy keeps putting the barrels, there's like two or three on the side there, and he goes ahead and sets one of the three up, staring at you as you approach. The other guy is to the side, goes, "Can "I help you?" As you walk past and turn back and smile and (bell ringing) start ringing the crap out of it. Make a strength check. 13, okay. You have enough control over your physical brawn as to not snap or destroy the bell, however, what happens is after you ring the bell for a few seconds, the guy goes, "Wait, no!" And before anything else happens, the chains that were slack tighten up, and the platform begins to lift up. The guy who had two barrels left on the platform still is like "No, wait!" And goes over and tries to grab one of the barrels as it tumbles off and breaks on the ground next to him. (yelling in Marquesian) and is raising his fists. Yeah, and it's now lifting up and it's about 15-20 feet off the ground and it's going up to the top. The bell seemed to have notified whatever crew is bringing the platform up, but he didn't get a chance to finish bringing his load off the platform before you rung the bell. As you leave the two gentlemen below, as the two of you lift up on this platform, you make your way up to the elevated terrace that marks the actual skyport and it's a large, wide, thick platform that's built atop a series of warehouses that fill out this district, and this was a newer addition to it as this technology became available. Go ahead and roll a history check. Actually, skyships originated in Ank'Harel. This is where the crystals that hold them aloft are enchanted. There have been other ships. There are different designs that are constructed in different towns. You do know that there is no skyship transport to Wildemount, and that was part of the reason why the Sovereign Uriel was trying to make that deal with the Briarwoods under the idea that it would open trade with Wildemount. It's pretty insular, locked off from the larger countries here that work together. The skyport here is probably the first skyport that was built and this is the origin of that tech. As you come to the very top of the platform, it eventually stops and you see one gentleman there who's essentially working this large crank that brings the platform up and it has a series of thick chains that wind on themselves. As soon as he finishes and you guys get to the top he turns. "What, yes, what. Hello?" He points that way, and you guys look right, and the rest of this terrace for the record-- there are two skyships that are currently docked here at the moment. One that has a very nice, thick, heavy design, it has beautiful gems encrusted in the side and there's brass and gold inlay that twists into this turquoise transition to the bottom. It's a beautiful ship. You can see there's a crew of about 12, that are currently loading things onto it right now. There's a big, crane-like apparatus similar to what you had in Emon that is currently putting things onto the ship. It looks like it's being heavily loaded for transport somewhere. There's another ship, it looks familiar, it's actually very similar to the Emon designs that you guys saw at the skyports over there that appears to be, by about six heavy chains, locked to the opposite side of this skyport and doesn't seem to have any apparent hustle bustle of crew around. It's a little bit smaller than the more intricate design. The one that has all the work around it does match some of the design aesthetic of some of the higher end areas of Ank'Harel, so that you probably imagine it was one of the original skyships that was built here. The other one you saw has the small fins on the side, similar to the one you rode across to Vasselheim. You do also notice that there are about six Hands of Ord scattered across the terrace in full armor that are basically keeping an eye out and watching everything, making sure that no bullshit goes down. You do see a small building that's in the center of this terrace, that maybe has about three or four different rooms. Apparently, the individual who was overseeing this entire process with the one big ship is walking back and forth between with instructions to the foreman who's yelling out to the crewmen who are loading up this big ship. That'll probably be the place to go to inquire. All right. As you walk in-- Suffer a horrible stroke and fall to the ground. Scanlan is no more. So as you walk into the room, it's fairly quiet. There appears to be a clerk office there with a bunch of ledgers stacked up, and you can see a layout of a number of days with notes scrawled in a language that you don't recognize. There are a couple of small clockwork timepieces that are against the walls there. And you see a younger woman, probably mid-20s, but going gray a little early all on one side of her head, who is currently going through one of these books. She has a quill between her teeth right now, she's thumbing through the pages. Looks up, "Can I help "you?" Takes the quill out, sets it down. "Renting an airship." "Okay, well for now, let's see. Ship Vusin is already chartered and is loading up to be "heading northward towards Issylra. That is not available. The other one which is the Deera has "been docked for about four weeks without use. So you could go inquire with the captain there." "Well the captain would pay us a cut based on what the destination is." "That is for you to negotiate with the captain." "That is not a passenger-based ship, unfortunately that is actually working for one of "the guilds. It is paid for use of their mercantile only." "Unloaded, pretty quick. The cargo can load down ships." "Depends on how fast you wish to go and where you are going. May I ask where you are "planning to charter this to?" "Perhaps it is best that we negotiate the price here than as opposed to with the captain." She stands up and walks over to one of the small windows that leads out to the terrace and you can see another bell that's out there and she grabs the edge (bell ringing) on the bell, goes back to her seat. "I'm calling the captain, he'll be here." A few minutes pass, in the distance out the window you can see a small rope ladder drops, and a figure makes their way over and walks in. Inside, in gold-trimmed armor is a familiar sight, this is Captain Damon, the guy who actually brought you guys across the Ozmit Sea. There aren't a lot of skyships. You would know, there's probably six in commission. It was a week across the entire Ozmit Sea, that was with some cargo on board, so it wasn't very slow. It would have taken a normal ship two and a half weeks. As he walks in he goes "Yes, are we ready to--" "Wait, I know you." "Yes, that was a dangerous journey." "Indeed. We appreciate that. What can I do for you?" And he looks over towards the clerk who goes, "They are looking to charter a ship northward. I know nothing else more, but I figured "the confusion here would allow us at least both to discuss this so we can negotiate the proper "price. So you talk, I'll be here to keep record." And she opens a fresh page in her tome, dips her quill-- "Okay. Remember that for the negotiation." Captain winks at her. "All right, so, we're very busy, our books are full and we have a few "other individuals that are currently seeking use of our ship. So what is it you need, where are you "going and for how long?" "All right." You hear a voice in the back, "Also consider that in the negotiation." He looks down and he goes, "That looks very pretty." "I don't know who that is." The clerk, however, says, "Wait, you're saying you got something from J'mon Sa Ord. You "saw J'mon Sa Ord, and you were given something." TRAVIS and (laughter) "Let me see this." She looks at it. (laughter fades) (laughter) She looks over and meets eyes with the captain and goes, "We're going to go ahead, you "let me know the price and the palace is going to pay for this expedition." Opens the book and begins writing down a series of charges and is racking up-- The captain says, "Actually we've got an individual just for that." He looks back to the clerk, "Are you sure?" "Yes, it's fine, not a worry. We'll talk when they leave." The captain goes, "Actually, after the encounter we had over the Ozmit last time, I "managed to outfit this ship with a brand new series of dragon arbalests, so this is going to be "a well-defended journey." "You'll see." And you do recall seeing them when you were in Vasselheim, you saw them being brought down and installed on the ship. But that was last time you saw the ship. "We can leave in the next hour, if you want." You can if you want to. The ringing is discordant and painful in proximity and the clerk went (groaning). The captain chuckles to himself. "So. In the morning." "All right. I'll assemble the crew and we'll be ready within the hour." It would be a crew of eight. "Normally seven, but we have eight now." "Most of them, yes." "There is one we've had on board for a short time, but she's definitely proven worthy." "She's the one with the mastery of the ocean." "Yes?" "I'm going to go ready my ship." All right. You guys seemingly locked passage. Now you, guiding back, head right towards the Luck's Run. Yeah, you could. It's a still image, it makes no sound. It's very much an illusion-- All right. Grog, you taking watch, you head into the casino. What do you wish to look like? And you walk into the Luck's Run. Being midday, it's not as busy as the evening you saw previously but I'd say about half the tables are still running and they have clientele throughout. Make a perception check. You spend the better part of a half an hour scoping through each floor. No sign. No. Through the bottom floor, and going up and checking hallways. And the third floor, which you hadn't been before, which is more of a lounge patio. It has more of the higher stakes games. You can see there are some more of the higher rollers and-- Yeah. I mean, the door is closed. Yeah, you take a listen. Doesn't appear to be any sound from the other side. Sure, make a perception check. Six. No sign of them. (whoosh) Inside the office. Thankfully you have your gnomish dark vision. It is dark in here, there are no lights. The table and chairs and the general decor of the room seemingly untouched since last time you were in here. There are a couple of lanterns in the corner that could be lit. All right. (whoosh) You turn the lantern up. Light glows. Investigation check. 23. Scanning through you find the odd four copper pieces. You find a couple of small books. One looks like it's on etiquette, and the other is written in a language you don't understand. But you gather it's Marquesian. You do also find some small notes-- like a little name that is drawn on the inside of one of the drawers. Looks old, like it's been there for a long time, and says "Lelan." And you find-- that's about it. You get the sense this isn't a stationary room that they use as a base of operations, it's almost like a rental space used when people want to come in here and do business. Which happens often in a casino establishment. They want to make sure that they provide their clientele with all the necessary needs, and a lot of the rooms on this center floor are to facilitate the meetings between the top and the bottom. 24. Nothing under the desks, but the table that you're at, there is a small false bottom on each side. You pull it open and there is a single dagger on each end. Apparently for those that know, they're provided as a means of defense in case things in one of these meetings go wrong. But who knows who knows this information. It looks like they haven't been used in a while. Sure, make another perception check. Nope. Okay. You open the door. There are two people walking through. They glance over at you and keep walking. You close the door behind you and you have left your mark. Make a perception check. 18. Nah. They seemingly know better than to return to the scene of the crime. For lesser folk, 400 gold can keep you going for quite some time. Okay, all right. So you walk in to the table. There's three other individuals there. Hold on, let me get prepared here. Since this is the first time we're really doing this here, which is kind of fun. All righty. Oh, the dice game! Dice game, I'm sorry. Well the dice game's cool. There's the dice game, the lizards, and the card game. Your call. Dice game is the 2d6-- The fastest one is the dice game. The card game takes a little more time. All right, so. That is a 25 gold minimum buy in for Avandra's Favor. You've never been to Ank'Harel! The minimums stay where they are. All right, you throw 50 gold down. As you slap it down, still in your human guise, an individual to the left of you goes, "Whew. All right. Big, strong opening and strong scent." Scoots over a bit to the right. Go ahead and roll your dice. Six. He goes, "Mm. That's unfortunate." "You can go ahead and double the price to add an additional 1d6. You're going for seven or 12." "So 100 gold on the table. Roll one more dice. You want a one--" "I am very sorry my friend." Shifts the coin away. 100 gold down now. Any other games you want to play? Oh! Oh, right. That was Rutur was the half orc. And I have to go look up what the other one was. He kind of-- "Ah, yes. Rutur makes his way around here on occasion. Every couple weeks, maybe." (laughter) "He doesn't seem to carry much change with him." (laughter) He looks at you strangely. "Hm?" You keep coming back man, I don't know. You do not at the moment. There is still Quon A Drensal or Gambit of Ord if you're feeling lucky and you want to make your money back. All right. Go ahead and roll a strength check. All right. You take five points of damage. He is. That's true, and with Grog being not the one who would remember that or recall that, he goes-- It's a valid point, thank you for remembering. All right. So your companions arrive. You guys go back down to the main area? Yes. All so you guys head back down to the main thoroughfare, or the main area of the tavern? There you see the same folks are there. You see Treev is there, and you see a shifty-looking guy. A rather pointed nose, very shallow features. And his hands are together, he has a satchel over his shoulder, and these long, plain looking robes. And his thinning, short, dark hair is slicked against his skull. He has a thin mustache goatee right there, and he's sitting at the edge of the bar, talking to Treev. Totally trustworthy. Basically yes, but with the shorter slicked hair. I don't know how to take that actually, based on how I just described the NPC. Noted. Disadvantage for the rest of the episode. No. Treev goes, "Oh and here they are, the ones "who hired your help. Folks, I'd like to introduce you to Kyme, he's one of our fine allies in the "Omnival Library here in the city, and I believe he can take care of your little problem. So talk." And the guy spins around on the stool at the edge of the bar, and goes, "Okay, so I have been told "that you require some sort of disenchantment type thing. Who am I talking to here? There's a "lot of you. You? Okay, come." "That's possible, yes." "Depending on the strength of the enchantment, that can take anywhere within the "next few weeks." "Why? Why do you ask?" Make an insight check, yeah. 19. All righty. "I can get rid of the enchantment immediately, but it's gone. Transfer, that's a "time-taking process, it's much more expensive than what I was promised as part of this contract." Looks back to Treev. Treev's leaning back and he's like, "I just brought you here to talk with them." "Strange construction." "Ah. I see what you're talking about." He starts glancing-- shut up!-- Glancing at the bottom of Retort. "It is a variation on a scrying enchantment, with a hint of a message-type base. "It's audio only, not visual." "They cannot track location, but this is a joint enchantment, there are two pieces to this. "And it would appear that, wherever the receiving end is, they can probably hear everything around it." "Oh, I'm sure whoever has the other side of this enchantment is now well aware of everything "we've just discussed." "Who has the other side of this enchantment by the way?" And he suddenly looks extremely nervous. Beads of sweat start showing up on his forehead. What do you want? Disenchantment, transference, tell me. What does that mean? What does that mean? What's he saying? What is he saying? Reaches into a little pouch of components on the side. Takes things, crushes them, sprinkles them on. Looks about. "Ahem, it's done, it's gone, here." Yeah. Make an arcana check. As you're staring at it, you watch as the Ripley signature that's very, very small, put in the bottom of the piece of whitestone, begins to glow. Suddenly, he goes, "By the way, it takes a "moment. Put your face away please!" And as you pull it back, it flashes, and then goes dark again. "And... now it's done." Looks the same. Meaning like, the signature's still there, the stone is still there, but that slight essence of slight enchantment that was there before is gone. "No!" "This was not part of the agreement." Make a persuasion check. "How much?" Looks back at Treev. Treev goes-- "100 gold, please." "I have a shop to get back to. I'm sorry, I can't be here any longer." And he gets up from the stool. Takes it from you and his hands are clammy, as he pulls it out of your grasp. And he looks over the tea set, and it's in his hands, he doesn't really know what to do with it. And he places it on the side. "Okay." Begins breathing heavily, and it's fogging the side of the metallic tea set. And you see this sweat dripping off of his nose. He's still very nervous about this endeavor and wants to get out of here as soon as possible. "All right, this is a tea set of "envenoming. Whenever you produce some sort of a liquid imbibement within the tea set, it's "guaranteed to be a bad day for whoever drinks from it." "For a day." "I'm not a master of poisons, I just know that it poisons." And he takes it and holds it, and is like, "100 gold." "Thank you." And as soon as he gets it, he lets go of it, puts it in his pouch. "And good "day. Treev, careful next time." And he darts off, outside. Bursting through the door and into the alley. And Treev sits. Kind of. Yeah, actually. Treev is like, "Now that was fun to watch." "He's a weird one. I knew he'd do the job, but honestly I like watching him twitch." "Potions, head to the Suncut Bazaar. I'm sure you could find a few folks. We usually get ours "from--" And he starts looking through a list, he goes, "Let's see, there's--" "Nisaba are the two I know of, at least." "Usar and Nisaba." "Perhaps. You ask them nicely." "Right." "What you're looking for is the Bone Garden. It's the northernmost side of the Suncut Bazaar. "They deal with a lot of the not guild-run sales of various construction means. More for the "residential folk here in Ank'Harel." For the sake of brevity, what are you searching for? There are cannons made. That technology-- That small? The few things they have here, they're magically-based fire. It's similar to the dragon arbalist installation. It's not so much a gunpowder-based explosion, since that is mostly unutilized. This is a metal tube that contains an enchantment that throws out bursts of energy. You could purchase a base for one of those constructs. That would cut down the time because if you're going to make a cannon, that's going to be an endeavor, that'll take you a long time. Takes you the better part of the day to even find out, asking around because Treev doesn't know anything about where to find the base for a cannon like that. Takes you the better part of the rest of the day, pushing into dusk, for you to find out where that could be purchased. That's going to run you about 60 gold. It's not enchanted. Anything else anyone wants to prepare? On street-level sales, asking around, the most you can acquire are probably any number of common, regular healing potions you may want. Through conversations, at most five of the greater can be purchased. Yeah, not too hard to find at all. Quick look around, a Hand of Ord, especially here in the market. He bends down after giving you a weird eyebrow. You're still in your-- So you're a normal, human man in non-Ank'Harel attire. Shows off the necklace. He looks at it. "How did you come about that?" Make a persuasion check. 18 total? He goes, "Okay, what can I be of service to you?" "Could probably muster a few from the barracks, yes." "I'll get what we can spare. We still have to keep enough to maintain our watch." "Wait here. Give me a half-hour." You guys wait for him and he comes back with six regular healing potions and three greater. "This is what we can spare from the nearby barracks." "If I could have your names, just to be safe that everything is--" "Vox Machina." All right. That is 1500 gold. Roll a persuasion check. (assorted muttering) Through diving between two different locations that sell these potions and forcing them to basically bid back and forth for your business, you manage to work it down to 1100 gold pieces for the three greater healing potions. Yes. Go for it. Make a deception check. Remember, you can also add your own inspiration die if you want to. For the first time, you see a crack in Scanlan Shorthalt's veneer. You see a bit of sweat at his brow and as he mentions this money, suddenly you see this quiver to his smile. His teeth shine not as bright as you recall. And there's a taste of desperation you never knew was there at the mention of money. I like to imagine when this whole campaign's over, Scanlan Shorthalt comes back and cleans out the casino in vengeance. I meant monetarily, but that works too. All right, you all make your way to the sky port. All right, so you guys make your way up to the terraced platform above the sky port. The larger ship you guys saw earlier is no longer there, it has taken off, and now all you see before you is the ship Deera that is currently down. The six chains have been reduced to two, and it appears to be at the ready. As opposed to its resting position, now the fan on the sides is unfurled, the crystals themselves glow with a faint blue energy signature, as the dusk sun begins to set. It's much more prominent now. And a series of four rope ladders have been dropped from the side of the actual ship. All right. All right, you guys make your way up the rope ladders. This is indeed the ship that you made across, although it has a new paint job on it. It looks a little bit nicer, but it also seems to have seen some disuse. You make your way onto the board and there you can see familiar ship hands that go around, nodding to you out of recognition. Some of them are pulling up the rope ladders behind you. You see two on the bottom there are now unchaining from the edge of where it's latched onto the side of the ship, on each side, that keeps it latched into the skyport. And Captain Damon comes up to the top to greet you. "Very well. I see that you've come to begin the "journey. Well, it is a pleasure to see you all again, safe and sound, although you are missing "one. Two, actually." "I'm very aware. That was the guild that owned the ship and ran our business disappeared in "the attack, and we've been set adrift, making our own money and making ends meet in the meantime, "doing odd jobs here and there." "If you do, tell the guild that the ship crashed, because as of right now it's technically "my ship." "I didn't-- the guild owned and ran the shipping business, but I mean--" "It's not--" (sighs) "I'd like to know where we're going. As that is part of the deal to be kept secret until boarding." "North it is. Very well." And he pulls a whistle from around his neck and blows it really loudly and everyone unleashes the chains from the side. (clanking sound) They crash down, slamming onto the terrace deck below. The ship lurches and lifts up a few feet naturally and finding its own balance, based on the enchantment of the crystals. "You can stay on the edge if you'd like. You're "welcome to find your quarters down below. But we are about to make sail." He walks to the edge of the ship, the middle of the ship, the back where you can see he directs the position of it, and controls the crystals themselves. And the giant dragon-headed arbalist you see installed at the side. They're like the giant heavy crossbows that are bolted onto the side, these large spears-- the ones you were using in the fight before, they're nearly twice the size of what they were, and the front of them have this giant dark metal dragon head that is built around it. It's been definitely fitted to be a much more badass airship than you remember. It lifts up, and as the last bit of the sun disappears below the distant horizon and the city of Ank'Harel's lighting up for the evening time, you take up into the sky, slowly turning northward towards what you can see as barely visible, the silhouetted edge of the mountain range before you, the Agrad Mountains, making your way to the rest of your journey. And we're going to go ahead and take a break; we'll come back here in just a minute. All right guys, we'll see you in a few minutes. Thank you, Travis. [break] All right, no worries. Thank you for mentioning that. Vox Machina, as night has taken the sky and you lift up, heading northward, you watch as the glowing jewel of Ank'Harel begins to slowly grow smaller and smaller in the distance. Below you, you see a mass of black darkness. Okay. So yeah. You have very little idea of where you are other than watching the city slowly disappear. Above, as you look towards the front of the ship, where it's going, you can see little specks of light in the distance, almost like smaller cities or villages that slowly begin to move past and below you. And the stars in the sky breaking through some of the clouds that occasionally block as you progress. As the ship begins to rise about cloud level, you can see the very faint outline of the mountain range, and you then coast above it. As you begin to finally crest over the top of the mountain range itself, Captain Damon locks the ship steering mechanism in place and walks back to address all of you, and goes, "All right, we're well on our way. We're heading "north. We've been travelling for a number of hours now. Where are we going?" (sighs) "Very well." He gathers the rest of the crew. You recognize a few of them. They have a few new faces, because they lost a few on the last journey. You individually meet each one with pretty heavy inspection from you guys. I want you to make insight checks, all of you, as you're inspecting this crew. All right. Glancing about, mostly human crew. There is one elf, a female, who's part of the crew, who handles most direct navigation with the captain now, and you hadn't met before. Her name is Julia, and she seems nice enough. There is a female halfling who has very nice, clean-cut hair, pulled into a heavy ponytail in the back. And as she smiles, you can see her somewhat broken and rotted teeth. As you guys give the whole look-over, she smiles and looks a little nervous at the rest of you. You take a closer look and you pick up on it, Vex. This is one of the bandits, the one you took captive on the journey over to Vasselheim. Yes. She apparently has become one of the crew now. Teela. Teera, sorry. R. Teera. I had it written down. I should look at my sheet first. No. You guys all give a good look and a very thorough inspection of the crew, and they all seem legitimate. Yes. "Yes?" "Well, that would be Teera. She's actually been all about this ocean. Not necessarily by "skyship, but she knows the area as well, and has since studied up and has become a very esteemed "member of our crew." He looks to her, and Teera's smile broadens again. "That is correct. I'm happy "to help in wherever it is you're looking to go. Where are you going?" You watch her face go, and Captain Damon goes, "Why Glintshore? That place is a rocky waste." "Shipwreck? There's probably hundreds of them! The place is dotted with reefs." "So you're wanting us to take you to the Hespet Archipelago." "Right. The arch-ipelago. Let's see. We have no sundry we're holding, so we're at maximum "speed. I'd say two, maybe three days of travel, depending on weather." "I can only assume, going to Hespet." "Hespit is a-- the whole network of islands there is a haven for criminals, fugitives, "pirates, and everyone else who generally keeps away from the large continents. So you go without "guard, stay without threat, you're likely to be bent into slavery, or end up left bleeding "somewhere on the shoreline." "We'll have to come in low, most likely. I don't want to try and draw attention to this ship, "because I'm sure it would fetch quite a penny if it were to fall into the hands of--" "Well, that would be very much appreciated." "Thankfully Glintshore itself is pretty much useless to most of their standards of business "practices. It's mostly ignored by them, from what I know at least of what they do, but still, just "to be safe and be careful." He's about to talk and Teera pipes up, "I do, actually, and I will be guiding us directly to "it, so don't worry." "Not to the shipwreck, but to the Glintshore." "I have not. But there are plenty of shipwrecks in the area. I'm sure there's much to "recover, if that's what you're looking for." "I'll take you where I can." Captain Damon says, "I don't know the history, exactly, but at some point in time, "something really bad happened. All the sand of the shores were fused into dark brown and black glass. "It's a jagged landscape, leading all the way up to the mountain. The jungle is petrified and dead. "It's not a welcoming place. I'm surprised why anyone would pay so much to go there. But I'm sure "you have your reasons." Sure. To fuse the beaches, or an island its entirety, would require such extreme, fierce heat. This is going through your mind as well, Percy, being a man who understands this science very well. Something very bad had to have happened here a long time ago on a very large scale to render an island pretty much covered in glass. A dragon's breath would fuse a small chunk of the beach here. That's possible. Very little chance there would be any survivors. As you guys are having this conversation, he goes, "The mountain still stands. The jungle still "stands, though petrified and burnt. I know not the means that brought it to where it is, but it's "been that way for as long as we have history on it. Long ago." "I'm assuming the Age of Arcanum if anything." "Be my guest." (bear noises) Yep. Depending on the weather. "I have to sleep at some point as well." "Deshall, who is my second in command, will take over while I'm sleeping. There will be "someone here, along with a few hands, taking shifts as well at all times." "We're okay for now. High is fine. But once we get close to the archipelago we'll want to make "sure that we keep within 100 feet of the surface. I could take it into the ocean. This can "work as a functional ship in the water." "Well then, you seem weary enough. You may have your rest, and rest assured that we'll be to "your destination as soon as this ship can carry us. I'm going to rest myself." He goes down to his quarters and Deshall takes over, who is mid-thirties, grizzled, scruff on his chin, but put together well, hair parted to one side, not a man of many words. He takes over the helm and keeps it going through the night. You guys go ahead and rest for the evening? All righty. Make a constitution saving throw, Grog. You drink it. You feel the sparkling numbness begin to spread across your throat. It's strange. It's weird. It's exhilarating. It triggers your adrenaline, and you almost go into a rage from the instinctual reaction of that sort of chemical release in your brain. You hold it in place, and you sit there a second and stare as it slowly goes down your system. You feel the warm, curling burn from inside your belly that fine alcohol gives you, that little shimmer of pins and needles down the back of your neck and your spine. Your vision begins to blur a little bit. It takes you a lot of alcohol to get trashed, but you're a little buzzed. With your nightcap, you are good to go. Looking under the stars, you finish your meditation. Everyone else, you go to rest fine. Throughout the evening you sleep. The last thing you see before you go to bed is the edge of the mountain range, late into the night, and a small sparkle in a crescent shape. You ask one of the hands to the side. He points over and says, "The "Bay of Gifts." This is the northern side where you see Shamal, the port city. That's the last little bastion of civilization of Marquet as it begins to approach from underneath as you all go to sleep. The continent is behind you. When you come to consciousness after the evening's rest-- After a good eight hour rest for all of you to recover yourselves, hit points, everything, spells, you come to. The warmth of the sun is what kicks you into consciousness. It's been about 13 hours since you guys left. Eight hours of rest. You had five hours of travel northward until you began to reach the northern end of the continent on this skyship. Yeah. All right. Using the same journal? All right, are you using the crystal first? What's the crystal DC? Because it's not your actual spell, which I should have remembered last time. I mean, she rolled low enough last time that it wasn't an issue. Okay, then it should be 15. That's a natural one. As you're concentrating on the scry spell, your vision once again is thrust through the clouds, thrown down over the ocean. You see for a brief moment a cluster of dark land, roughly in the shape of a bean or a cashew from this perspective, and then it flashes downward and you can see a ship. A ship that is on the water. It is stationary. Seemingly. The sails aren't up. Yeah. Your vision flashes again and you can see the crew have all gathered on the deck, though details of their visage are obscured by the spell. You see Ripley there with her cloak. She is talking to the rest of the crew and goes, "All right, so. We've located it. We have eight hours. "Gather your things and drink well." They all pull out these small vials, uncork, and drink down. They all nod. One by one, they start diving off the ship and into the water. Five people, you're not sure of the sex, and Ripley, dive off the side. You're following her as she goes underwater; you can see the bubbles go past. Then the bubbles are no more and you watch as she is now breathing the water like it's air. Swimming downward. All of them are carrying, you see on the side, these heavy rock weights that are letting them guide down deeper into the water as it gets darker, until there's almost nothing to see. Then there's a flicker of light and you see Ripley is now holding her gun. There's a beam of light on the end of it that's giving them torchlight as they go deeper in. Then the spell fades. It was such a brief shot, because it wasn't the focus of the scry spell. Even the fact that you caught a glimpse of it was a strange side effect of the scry attempt. From what you can gather at this time, no. That's part of the scry spell. You wouldn't be able to tell. Water breathing as a spell actually lasts for 24 hours. The potions only last for eight. Nope. It grants up to ten willing creatures you can see-- Yeah, so the potion enchantments are lesser than the spell, but the actual druidic spell effect is much better. You see him looking off in the distance as you're asking the question. He points and goes, "Well given that might slow us down a bit--" You look ahead and you now see, immediately visible from this point-- What you are able to make out, because it's a familiar sight to you, are very tall, dark, distant thunderheads. The storm that you saw in your first vision, Keyleth, apparently is still swirling its way through the middle of the ocean. It's violent, it's visceral, and you can see the weight of the water giving it this deep, dark, gray color, and the rest of the ocean below is obscured with the blur of rainfall. He goes, "Those are high clouds. I can't get above them. "The enchantment is only so strong to get us into that thinner air. So I recommend everyone hold on." "What?" "Okay, I trust you." He brings it around and begins pulling forward. You can see this little metallic rod on the side and he pushes it forward even further. The crystals flicker for a second and the whole ship leans in a forward direction. It takes about an hour before the shade from the thunderheads, which, you can't even see where they stop, they go up and up and up, begin to meet. You're starting to see flashes in the clouds of lightning. Yeah, concentration for up to eight hours. So you guys watch as Keyleth stands at the bow of the ship, puts her arms out, and you see the flashes of lightning in the cloud. A bolt strikes her in one arm. She holds it in place. The bolt uses her as a conduit and then vanishes into her arm. Her other arm pulls another bolt to it, and it vanishes into her arm. You can see the energy's now circling around. She brings her arms out and thrusts them into the storm. The lightning protrudes out of each arm. As it hits the clouds, the clouds seem to almost melt away and carve this central path. The clouds are being pushed back, at gale force. These winds are separating them. You watch. For five miles around you, the storm basically parts to nearly nothing except for the very peripheral to the right and left side. You hear Captain Damon go, "Okay! I see your point." So pushing forward, Keyleth is concentrating at the edge of the ship. Her eyes spark with energy. You're almost like the mermaid at the front of the ship at this point. You're right at the front, arms out. The shade fades away. The clear blue sky above then invites these warm sun beams down upon the top of the ship. What you can do is you can clear the storm for five miles, and then subtly change to a wind stage behind you, yes. I'll let you do that, sure. The wind begins to build from behind. Some of you have to duck down now because it's starting to take. It almost takes your hat off, Scanlan. You catch it. But it is picking up speed and you guys are beginning to coast forward. Occasionally the winds die down as you have to clear more of the storm. Over the next six or so hours, you come out the other side of the storm. Perfect. As the storm subsides, your ship has a clear view of distant breaks in the patterns of waves on the horizon. Multiple chained islands, many miles apart from each other, emerge. This, you've now begun to reach, is the Hespet Archipelago. Each of the twelve islands vary in size from massive rock to pebble-like protrusions. They span and are scattered, and the ship begins to veer to the left as the captain begins to zero in on your destination. He yells out, "We're going "low! They have visibility!" The ship begins to go into a relatively steep decline. You hear the wood creaking with the sudden shift in direction and weight. The gem on the right side begins to brighten while the one on the left begins to darken slightly, exemplifying the shift in energy and power. Eventually you're brought down, nearly coasting on the surface of the ocean, and as you get to about 40, 50 feet above you see the waves begin to part beneath it as whatever force is holding it there is now pushing the water down. He brings it up a little so it's not breaking the surface and coasts at an even 60 feet above. Pushing forward, you already begin to see what you assume is the Isle of Glintshore. In this clear, sunlit moment, you also see, throughout the ocean, clusters of dangerous, jagged-looking reef, some ten, 15 below the surface, some actually breaching the surface of the ocean, some even deeper. This portion of the ocean is like a maze network of every ship captain's nightmare. You get the feeling why this has become a favored place of criminals to avoid pursuers and also why people who trade avoid it for many reasons, not just those who stay here. And also why the shipwreck probably found its way here. As you begin to grow closer to the island, you see, as it begins to come more into form, there is a singular mountain peak that's shifted mostly to the western side. It's not a super peak. It's a gradual point. You can see a little bit of a brush-like detail of the jungle that you had heard mentioned before. He begins to bring you up towards the southern shore of the island. At this point of perspective, the sunlight that's hitting the island is causing a glittery shift of thousands of points of light across the beach shoreline, deep into where the blackened jungle tree line is. It's beautiful. It's a very strange and awe-inspiring sight, to be such a small little forgotten part of the land and to look so pretty from this distance. The closer you get, the beauty begins to fade as you see the black beaches. You can see the landscape is barren and broken, aside from the ashen gray and black jungle plants and trees that have been left there, dead, for an extended period of time. The mountain itself, the rock itself going from black to a ruddy red and brown color. The sands themselves and the glass surface across the eastern shore that tends to reach out, almost like a mouth of a creature, is rough and varied in topography. You also see, within that bay, a tiny little thing that looks like a ship. You're not close enough. You're barely now seeing that there's a ship. Probably about seven hours now, since you did the spell. Generally, no. Magical items, a part of the enchantment is to make them resistant to the general elements. They endure, and the reason that you find mostly just the enchanted objects in ancient ruins is because everything that would be destroyed by the weathering of time, these items stay relatively pristine. You did see, for the record, in your scrying, while there were five that leapt down with her, there were more on the ship. The captain's like, "What do you want me to do? Do you want me to head for the ship?" No, it's not concentration. You're a little ways from it. Are you going to wait until you get closer? There is one that you've been using. "At this speed, I'd say 20 minutes." All right, ten minutes go by. Who is keeping watch through the telescope? All right, make a perception check. 25, all right. You're scanning across. Looking at the ship the sails are up, it is anchored, and there are maybe four individuals who are currently playing cards on the upper deck. You also notice, scanning the area, it catches your eye, there's a very lazy, very faint trail that looks like smoke on the shore of the C-shaped bay on the eastern side of the island. That might be a source for the smoke. If you're looking from your perspective, this is the eastern side and it has this C-shaped bay right here, where this is the shoreline. The ship is docked right about here in the water. It's surrounded by a reef. It's barely made its way in there and it can't go any further without hitting reef. The smoke is right there. It's right on the beach side. No, not from this vantage point. There is a telescope, yeah. Perception check. Yes, this is very much the boat. Size, color, shape, placement, this is the same ship. You are ten minutes from getting there. It takes ten minutes to cast scrying. Okay. So you begin concentrating as you guys get closer and closer to the ship. You can now see it getting closer and closer. You guys begin to notice, you, Vex, as you're looking through, the people who were playing cards start moving on the deck of the ship. They start scattering. They have seen you. You're not a hard vision to see once they pay attention. Roll a perception check. No. No. Okay, you're starting to get closer and closer. You watch as they all scatter into the bottom of the boat, except for one who stands on the deck. You watch, (launching sound) this one sparkle of bright red arcane energy (fizzing) up into the sky, (explosion)-- --with a dull burst exploding sound, and then vanishes. The explosion dissipates. Another one (fizzing). No, you're about three minutes out now from approaching it. The ship. Two minutes. "Understood. Man the harpoons!" You see they all run off to the various, the three different dragon arbalist stations. "Understood." You can now see the captain's gone into war mode now. He's keeping focus forward as he's pushing the ship. Second time. Now the wings flare out, and you remember, oh, flying! I'm smarter! Your Flowers for Algernon moment comes in the form of a feathered bird. Scanlan, you have to rush to get there because he's almost completely taken aback by the moment and goes to fly. You catch him, barely, as he leaps off the side of the ship. You guys head off toward the-- "Loud and clear." Into the necklace. The person that's now fired three flares is now running below the deck. Seemingly everybody is below the deck right now, yes. "Aye, aye!" The ship suddenly begins to list very heavily to the left side. All the hands grab hold who are currently stationed at the various elements. You can see things on the deck, ropes and various odds and ends, pieces of metal, coins, all begin drifting to one side, some tumbling over into the ocean below. You all hold on tight as you pull around the side. Keyleth, I need you to make a concentration check. I'm giving you advantage because it isn't a huge issue. Constitution saving throw. You're fine. As it's turning, all of a sudden your eyes flare open with vision. So this is not with the journal, correct? So what's your spell DC? 19 plus, okay. As the ship lists, your vision flashes and, for a second, your vision focuses on Ripley's face. You see a spark of blue energy, similar to the inside of the cloak that you saw the first time with your vision. The spell kicks out. No. You find yourself sliding. All right, you guys hold on. The ship turns, a very quick turn, heading toward the shore. If you give them the order, they will. "Are we firing? What do you need?'' "Fire!" He yells out. You watch as the arbalists all pull back, (arrows releasing). As they release it, they have these giant, hard, dark iron bolts that are loaded into these. As they release them, they go traveling through the dragon's mouth. The dragon's mouth bursts into flame and lights the bolts into arcane fire. All launch off and arc downward. One of them misses, (splashing) into the water, but two go slamming into the side of the ship. You see wood splintering. You see flames begin to crawl along the side while both of you, what are you doing? All right, as she's saying this, you leap off, wings go out, coasting down over the ship. You begin to glide under as you can see the explosions. They begin loading up the second round of assault on the ship. You arc around, keeping her on your back. You guys are coming down toward the ship. You now watch as another volley, two miss but a third one hits. Another splinter of various pieces of the ship bow torn asunder. You coast up on the side. You watch as one of the three large masts begins to slowly fall over from the impact of the various assaults from the ship. You are now up over the ship itself. As this is happening, you see one of them has come over from inside of the ship and is watching this attack happen. You can barely see, he looks harried but he looks up and releases. You guys are over the boat now, yes. You know what, yes. Well make a perception check first, actually, to see if you've seen this. Make a concentration check because you are flying. A constitution saving throw. 14? You can make the attack. It'll be at disadvantage because of the distance. This is with Bad News, I assume? So disadvantage on the attack. Are you using any grit or anything? All right, go ahead and make your roll. No, he came up onto the deck to do something. He barely saw, and he's taking a shot. 24 hits. Go ahead. The individual reaches up and you see a burst of electrical energy fire up in the direction of both of you. Right as, head shot on the side of the skull, sending him face down and bleeding onto the now raging fire that is the top of this ship. Both of you guys have advantage on a dexterity saving throw. All right. So both of you take 14 points of lightning damage as the Lightning Bolt barely skims past you. Vax, you, scooting off, your wings burned by the electrical impact, but you're off to the side. Keyleth, you're now in freefall over the ship. Yeah, go for it. Seven. It was 14 because you made the save, and then seven. Your Keyteor, as you coined it, is now this ball of condensed rock, a trail of flame behind it. (whistling) (crashing) Slams into the ship. I want you to go ahead and roll 6d6 points of damage. Plus a d4. Yes, you do. Boom! You punch through the upper deck of the ship, smack through the central deck of the ship, and slam into the base, splintering wood, but the actual bottom of the ship is still intact. However, from the impact and everything that's going on, the flames trail through and begin to burn. You see as, looking down at you, one of the crewmen who was underneath is now a pulp beneath your elemental feet. Another one is now scrambling back up to the top amidst the chaos. As you pull your foot out, water begins to pour inside. Apparently your feet punched through, and now it's beginning to quickly (splashing sounds). Water's beginning to pour out of the ocean and fill the bottom of the ship. It sounds, (loud gravelly gibberish). They're like (yelling). You dart off with the broom underneath and scoot off toward the bay. You guys have made your way, flying down, on eagle-Grog-back to the beach, coasting up to the side. You can see, as you scoot across to the top about ten feet up, all the jagged, broken glass that is this beach. It is similar to the broken, burnt ground of the Cindergrove, except it's all sharp. It's not fun. You come around and make a perception check, Grog. With your bonus. I think you have advantage on this because you're a giant eagle. Let me double check really fast. I'm pretty sure. Giant eagle, you have advantage on perception checks, so yeah, roll twice. Well, your wisdom is plus two. 15. As you're coming along, you do see, there appears to be some semblance of a smoldering fire that is giving off a hint of a trail of smoke. There's a couple of things on the ground around it, and there are two small boats that are up against, up on the shore. They look like little skiffs or paddle boats that probably belong to the ship. You keep going. Vex, you see the eagle swoop past with Scanlan on the back. Are you heading to catch up with them? Okay, so you guys have Vex coming and meeting up alongside you guys now, as you're flying and coasting. From the side, you see this broom-riding Vex lean forward, go over and give you a wink from the side as you begin heading along the upper coast, the curvature of the beach, heading towards the east. You've probably looped around, and you're probably halfway between the ship, which is now heading back toward the shore, and the boat on the ground that is now, both masts are now in complete flames. The sail is on fire. Two of the crewmen, the two crewmen who haven't really been hurt have jumped off the sides and are now swimming through the water. You can see their trail behind them. The one who was shot in the head, you can't see through the flames. It wasn't enough to kill him, that wasn't. However, the whole ship is on fire now. The one that you impacted with is a mess, Keyleth. Make an investigation check. Yeah. You can still hear him, he's telling you this through your earring. As an earth elemental, roll an investigation minus three because your intelligence is five. You are dumber than Grog as an earth elemental. I agree! As water is filling the bottom, and you're not very good at treading water in this form. You're sinking with the ship pretty much. It's (burbling noises). Thankfully you can breathe water because you still have the enchantment on you. Glancing around, you do see what amounts to a bunch of notes, papers, that are all soaked in water, that you palm with your elemental hand. And you keep it there, grab a couple, and you now have two fists filled with papers. You don't know what they are or what's on them. You can't even read in this form, technically, but you're now underwater and the ship is breaking and falling. You can watch as the flames above, the glow is growing dimmer as the water is beginning to take the fire. It's slowly falling into the bay. Yeah, you're probably, now, the ship is probably 30 feet below the surface and falling, you with it. Okay, you're back into Keyleth form and immediately the lack of mass, the ship begins to fall below you as you keep buoyancy now. The hole that you broke through is now this opening that you can swim up to get out of the wreckage of the ship. Like a waterspout. You watch as Keyleth is jettisoned out of the ocean and then begins to lightly surf along the surface, standing. The tree line is further inland, maybe about 300 feet inland? Most of the open glass shore is on the eastern and southern side. On the north and northwestern side is where the mountain is, and the jungle surrounds most of the mountain, and a lot of the western side of the island. Okay, you guys go ahead and take off inland. You're making your way toward the ship, yeah. The ship is faster than you. Yes. 500 feet? Well your flying speed is, what, 60? You can dash as a bonus action, right? You can catch up to the ship with haste, yes. So you click your boots of haste and all of a sudden, your wings, the feathers themselves almost thin out, they retract in. You become less of a bird and more of a bullet, coasting forward at a downward arc. You eventually catch up to the back outer side of the airship as it's bearing down on the smoke spiral and the innermost part of the bay beach line. Okay. You almost drop Bad News at the sudden impact, but you grab it and hold on to it as you're lifted up again over the air. Another uncomfortable height experience. You've had a couple of these recently. But it's swift enough to the point, and not prolonged, to the point where you're able to keep yourself in check. You begin to carry him down-- Okay, so now all of you guys are this loose squadron along the beach line. As you watch, they turn off and begin to head toward the tree line. You'd probably have to stop and inspect it if you want. Make a perception check. From what you can see, the campsite, the fire has the smoldering element that, from your experience with campfires, means it's probably been burning for anywhere from four to five hours and is towards the end of its life. Whatever wood was in there is on the very very last cinders. There appear to be some elements in detail, some heavy movement right around it in the shoreline there. There's a little bit of silt that has washed up onto the glass, so right next to the waterline there is still a meeting of underwater dirt and silt and where the glass begins to take over. And you can see a bunch of shifting in that area, but you're too far away to make out any details. But other than that, you don't see any hint of people or life around that site. Okay, so you head to the tree line and then you stop about 100 feet out, about halfway between the shore and the tree line? You hit there and you end up stopping, (whooshing) land, and you land in the one area where it appears the least painful to land on. Now, for all intents and purposes, this entire landscape is considered rough terrain, so your speed is halved. You can run full speed if you want, but you will take damage in doing so. Kind of, yeah. So you land. Scanlan, you're on the back of Grog and you're now standing in the center of this open beach area. You see them land a little ways up from the shore. Vex, are you landing with them? Okay, so you watch Vex spiral off and head to the actual campsite at the edge of the beach. What are you two doing? So you guys (whooshing) come down and land at the campfire as you watch Keyleth water-skiing right up to the edge of the beach, where, as soon as the water ends, you have to catch yourself, but you catch yourself. As you now stand here at the beach, the little hint of the flaming wreckage of the ship in the distance finally sinking below the surface of the water; the gallant eagle, Grog, standing off a little ways, with Scanlan Shorthalt raising a fist to the air; we're going to end our session for today. Give us some fun to explore next episode. Yes we did! I intended that because we've gone long a lot of weeks! I'm going to write more campaign setting. Guys, awesome episode, well done. Good stuff, guys. All right, guys, well, thank you very much, rest well, you guys as well. Thank you so much for all your awesome support in watching the show. We appreciate everything, and--