Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons, or are a little late on the draw when shouting the phrase out, Travis Willingham. (laughs) Anyway, before we get into tonight's episode, let's go ahead and jump into our announcements. Let's see here, we've got a new game called Injustice 2 that just came out. TRAVIS and Yeah, we have all the Flashes covered, I think. So who do you guys play? It's pretty slick. Next Halloween, man. Just saying. I'd love a picture of you wearing that hat. Please. It'll be great. And I play Deadshot. Yeah, check it out, it looks really good. They had us all do really intense facial motion capture which is even funnier, considering that my character wears a mask the whole time. Well, not with a mask on my face, but yeah. I assume there'll be a DLC costume where he doesn't have a mask, or they just did it to fuck with me, which I respect either way. So check it out. It's out now, it's fun! What I've seen of it looks actually really cool. They got their RPG in my fighting game, and that's right up my alley. All right, also, because it's coming up real fast, reminder, MomoCon, May 25th to the 28th. MoMocon! Taliesin, Marisha, myself, and Brian W. Foster are going to be there for a Talks Machina panel, as well as other events throughout the weekend, so look forward to seeing you there in Atlanta, Georgia, weekend after this one. Also, I will be at A-Kon once again, June 8th to the 11th in Fort Worth, Texas. Come say hello to me there. And then, remember that Talks Machina is live on Tuesdays at 7PM Pacific Time here on Twitch and Alpha. The submission email has changed, so to submit your gif and/or fanart of the week, use submit@talksmachina.com. So that is submit, submit! One submit, not two, that's just my psychosis. Submit@talksmachina.com. Yes. Anything else anyone wants to talk about, are we good? Move on to the game for the night. Oh, yeah, we should say that, too. That wasn't on the list. So yeah. So we're missing two cast members next week. What? That's terrible. But given the circumstance, instead, we're going to have a non-numbered episode next week, instead it looks like we're going to throw in for a new, higher-level battle royale for those who will be here to see how some of these high-level abilities function. It's up to you; you get to choose. It's not in canon. Oh, if you go to his body after he's dead, you can grab any of his shit to use it. As long as it's not attunement, you can use it. I believe it is, yes. There you go. In the alternate universe version, you are just decked out. Yeah. And you'll be leveled up to their level. For the battle royale, yeah. Anyway, that'll be next week. That pushes our hundredth episode to June 8th. And it looks like we're confirmed for June 1st for our next guest, I believe. Yeah, sure. Yeah. Is pushed to the 8th, yes. You were. But thank you, Laura. Good looking out. I appreciate that. So yeah, I think that's all the major news, and given that, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Korshad, yes. 230,000 gold debt. Lydia was who you are to be betrothed to, and the location was the Grumpy Lily. Had a stroke while taking notes in D&D. Grumpy Lily! Make a retroactive perception check. Rightly so! What? "Well, if you are looking for Maryanne, she's probably in her chambers." Well, it was just dark and cold and empty. No, no. There's furniture, and a lot of the furniture here is really well made, dark woods, fine deep red and maroon fabrics. A lot of it has dust on it. No plastic covers. But some of the furniture here is for use and some of it is here just as part of the decor, and it's very easy to see which ones are which. Okay, they're really uncomfortable. You leave a little butt-print in the dust. Perfect. At which point, Bertholt acknowledges that you guys will be staying. "Could I get anything for you? Perhaps teas, juice, water?" "I'll fetch the wine." And he hobbles off to acquire some means of imbibement. Okay. You make your way back to the second floor and off to the far western end of the estate, to what you recall being Maryanne's chambers. So as you enter her room, which has become her own study, as you recall last time seeing her, her room was becoming more and more of a functional office, and as you knock and push the door open like a familiar brother does, not wishing for any patience on her end, necessarily, you can see the interiors. The bed's there for function. Most if it is, I wouldn't say a replica, but it very much resembles the decor and mood of your father's study. You see her currently sitting at a desk in the corner. Her blonde hair is tied back in a tied braid that runs down her back. She wears a coat and pants and seems to be dressed a little formally or businesslike for being casually at home. You haven't really seen her dress like this before, at least not in a casual circumstance. As you glance over past the doorway she looks up from her papers and goes, "Brother!" "Brother, what--" She closes the book. You can see she's been looking over ledgers and catalogues. Looks like she's been doing a fair amount of work here at the desk and stands up in a very formal way and begins to step towards you. "When have you arrived?" "Kidnapped?" "Right." "No, not quite, but the responsibilities have definitely been mounting. You look well. How "have the wind-tossed roads of Exandria treated you this past year?" "We're on the path to destitution, yes." "Probably both, to be honest. We're in a relatively dire situation compared to our previous "long-standing lifestyle choices. We're trying to fix this mess." "Well, you were part of the plan. We're trying to figure this out the best we can and "given the circumstances, we feel this is probably one of the most viable and least dangerous or risky "endeavors in which we can right the family's trajectory." "Oh, you're welcome to meet her. I've met her. I helped to arrange this." "She's very nice. She's very pretty, a bit bookish, which once again would befit you rather "well, but let's be honest. This is a political marriage. You do what you want. I mean, "there isn't a politician or a lord of this land that hasn't in some way, shape, or form made their "own life outside of the family." At that point, you noticed she gets a bit dark and seems to speak with this bit of sarcasm. "There's been no necessary change to the way business has been done. Other than the transition "of some responsibilities, of course." And she gives a slight nod. She's getting a little uncomfortable as this conversation continues. "Marrying into this family, the Truscan lot, would enable us the resources and connections to "reacquire the deeds to our land, to reacquire the business elements that we've been in this "unnecessary partnership with for some time, and would enable us to once again reclaim complete "rulership of our family-controlled lands." "It is a partnership that is quickly sliding into the behest of the Myriad." "We still own everything, in partnership. Own solely on our own? Some of the furniture." "I have only been recently brought into this unfortunate circumstance, brother. And you can "trust in knowing that in my studies and my time spent here, working with father, being very clear, "and very thorough with the mistakes he's made in the past, "I will not be doomed to repeat them." "Well, he's certainly in need of retiring based on the stress he's put upon himself. It would "not be long until I will take over the responsibilities." "It's certainly a better challenge than many other daughters of lords "are given in their time." "Friends come, when the money and power's in place. You know this." "It's the way the land works." "Wonderful." As you begin to make any sort of exit, she catches you and goes, "Brother, "your arrival here is a great boon to us. You have the power to change the fate of this family. "Consider the respect you have for the people who have worked their entire lives to provide for you "what you have been given. Mother and Father sacrificed so much for us. Consider weighing one's "selfish interest versus the importance of a bloodline. That is all I ask." "Well, it's good to see you." She steps forward and gives you a half-hug. It's like-- "Good day." She straightens her coat and sits back behind her desk and waits for you to leave. As you're exiting the house and Berthold's opening the door, you hear some heavy creaking from the stair that leads down to the main area, and you watch as an older woman in her early fifties or so with her mid-length, curly brown hair in shades of gray, green eyes behind a small set of reading spectacles, stoic of face, wearing what looks to be some sort of a finely crafted silk robe, clutching a book under her arm, comes down the steps and looks down and goes, "Taryon?" "Taryon, my boy!" And she sets the book down and walks up, puts her hands out as she says, "Oh," takes you at the sides of the face and pulls you in for (kisses). "Oh, terribly sorry. I "didn't realize that we had guests." "Look at you, so rugged!" "So you've had some adventures with my boy, have you? "That's wonderful. Have you spoken with your father?" "I--" And she reaches back and takes the book off the step and goes, "I've been making my "way through your library." "Yes! Well, I've had a lot of time to myself. Been a bit under the weather for some "time, and these have kept me fine company." "Well, not this piece of trash." And she sets it down. "There's one. What was it called? "The River's Dawn. It was a brilliant--" "Before the River's Dawn! That one, yes. It was a continuation of the creation myth of "Wildmount, but it turned into the spirits of the gods, these two fauns, and they fell in love but "could not be together because the dawn had to rise and the sun would shine. "It was very, very beautiful!" "Very much so. It reminded me of you." "Well. I didn't break the binding too much, I hope." "All right." "If you would excuse us for just a moment, please. Just a few moments." And she points towards the door. Berthold is leading you out of the main area, out the front door. You guys were on your way out. As soon as she has some privacy with you, she goes, "My boy, if you could indulge me in some "strange honesty, I'm rather intrigued at this idea. I don't wish to undermine anything that "we've built as a family. I've lived a privileged life for a very long time, far longer than you and "your sister have. I've lived within this house, removed from the world. I do as responsibility "asks of me, my wedded duties as both a wife and a mother, and I do so without complaint. I have "always seen you fight these same circumstances bravely, and I find vicarious joy in your escape "from this place this past year. These books are a reminder of that same bravery. I know Howaardt has "said many things, and he may be right. But there's a little part of me that welcomes a little change "in scenery and lifestyle. Maybe that's what the family needs. I don't know. Perhaps I'm foolhardy. "I know not." "Looking at you, looking at your sister, I wouldn't change it for the world." "One way or another. I just-- (sighs) I just want you to make choices for yourself. I want you "to do what you think is right, that you could live with. Duty and blood is one thing, but... Anyway, "I'm talking out of turn." "Could you not tell Howaardt we've had this conversation?" "I would like that very much." "Good evening." As you leave, she's like, "Oh! The other one I was trying to remember was "The Mountain Range of Gold. It was a wonderful three-part series--" "Well, the second book, you get halfway through it before he even turns "and reveals himself!" "And then the white robes and everything! His renewed power, it's incredible! Anyway, I'm "sorry, you have your friends waiting on you. Good night, Taryon." So as you step out to greet the rest of your friends? All right. Who's leading this charge? Probably you, Taryon. You've never been to this place. You've heard of it, but you'd never be seen dead in a place like this before. You lead your way in. At this point, because when you arrived the sun was still in the sky, but it was deep in the sky, so by now it's post-dusk. You now see the massive stone and wood structures of Deastok are dark against the ever-dark sky with the windows now aglow, this warm yellows and orange of the candle and lantern-lit interiors. You can see there are hanging lanterns that are put out there, and you can see a number of individuals who seem to work for the city, who go and place these lanterns up in each of these poles, are now finishing their job and are returning to the evening. Following these lamps, along the street, the cobblestones are still really well kept for as old as this town seems to be. For a city that isn't a major metropolis within a kingdom, and what your experience has been in Tal'Dorei, a fair amount of money still makes it way through this city. Eventually, you find your way fairly far north into the city until you come across the exterior of the Grumpy Lily. Asking a few questions to guide you to which building it is, it's much smaller than you expected. You see what appears to be a single-story pub with one window, one door, no more than maybe 30 feet on any given side. It is lit from the inside, though it's dimly lit. As you approach and push past the somewhat ajar entryway, you see before you what appears to be three tables. Three singular, stained, brown tables. One lone patron sits at the center table, an elderly man inspecting a small, clay sculpture that he's enraptured by, and a single barkeep to your right that seems to notice your entry. A healthy, pale woman of brunette hair in her forties, dressed in a simple gray blouse. As soon as you enter and take in the atmosphere, she goes, "Slow day, folks! Happy to have the business! "What can I get you?" Your head does reach the ceiling. "Yes! That I can get for you, dear. Don't worry. Red wine we can do definitely." She walks over and slams her hand on the side of the bar and what you thought was once the patron now appears to be the one barman there. "Wait! What! Oh. I missed the conversation." Yeah. "Red wine, for our guests." "Oh." He stands up and begrudgingly walks over. You see his back is hunched forward and he's (pained grunting). Leaves the room for a second. "Well, sit down, find a place wherever you like." It's dimly lit, so there's plenty of shadows. Nothing seems amiss. It seems like a shitty pub. It's the definition of a poorly attended dive. You can make an investigation check if you want to. You begin to look around the floor and keep perspective around the area. No. You see some stains, you see some crumbs, and at one point you look over in the corner and you see what appears to be a piece of stale bread that's been left under one of the tables and there are three rats currently eating it. As soon as you lean in, they all stop and look at you and scatter. (laughs) They just give you the fuck-you look and keep eating their bread. The elderly barman walks in now and he's got two bottles of red wine and he's shuffling. (grunts, clinks) "I'll get your cups." Turns around and starts shuffling back. Whatever you want. The gentleman shuffles back now with a bunch of cups. His hands wrung through all the various handles. (grunts, clicks) (grunts) "Two gold for both bottles." "Thank you." You see him walking and he goes like (sighs). He slowly turns his head over to the bartender, the woman. "What was that?" "What about them?" (click) She gives a click noise to the old man, who goes (groan, thump) Are you going to take your bottles or what? "All right, pick them up. Follow me." He turns around and shuffles out. It's like following a bad, slow NPC in World of Warcraft. You're like, just go fucking faster! His pace is terrible. Yeah, it's awful. Exactly, just waiting. Eventually, he takes you out of the small pub, past the unused kitchen, which has another series of stale bread clumps on the side, down to what looks to be a broom closet. He gets there to the edge of the broom closet and pulls out a key ring. Sure. So you walk over to the kitchen and grab some of the bread crumbs and throw them down on the ground and you wait there, because there's no rats present. And you're like, bread crumbs. They scatter a little further out. You turn around and the minute you turn, in the air you hear (skittering) and look over, and there's like seven rats that just scurried out of the shadows and are just going at these crumbs immediately. He pulls one key and unlocks the small closet. You paid attention? (creak) Opens this rickety wooden door, and goes (grunt) and walks past, and he's behind the door, expectantly waiting. You guys glance into the space, and you can see there's what looks to be a low torchlight about every ten feet down a wooden stairway that descends about 30, 40 feet. Traps, or people hiding? Perception check, investigation check. Look at that. That's disgusting. All right, so you guys make your way down. No traps in the stair descent, but you make your way to the bottom of the stairs without issue. You don't see anything necessarily fishy. You do see these torches have been burning for a little bit, a couple hours, and are probably needing to be re-upped pretty soon. You guys eventually make your way down, and as soon as the last of you-- who's following up the rear in this, by the way? What's the marching order? The hallway here is about big enough for you to go single file. Okay, so Grog's in the very back. Keyleth, Percy. Yeah, Pike's with Grog. So we'll say, Grog in the back, then Pike, then Keyleth, then Percy, then Taryon? And Vex and Vax. And you have Trinket in your necklace, I assume? Okay. All right, so you guys descend down the stairway. As soon as, Grog, you make your way in, it's tiny. You have to (straining) squeeze in and duck low and even just walking through the pathway, your shoulders are rubbing against the sides of the wall, and your head occasionally (bang, bang). You are a kaiju! Okay. It's ten minutes, it takes to do. Yeah, it's ten minutes, before you know you're going to go into something, you stop and do this. The door closes behind Grog and you hear it lock. This is great, by the way, because at the bottom of the stairs it only goes for about 15 more feet before there's a door. There's a man on a stool who's just sitting there going-- He's not stopping you. As you guys are all in the hallway, Grog at the back, you can't move forward, because everyone's stopped, and you're just like-- (groan) All of you who wish to can take 17 temporary hit points. That's by the inspiring leader feat. It is your choice as to whether or not you felt inspired by that and take them. Grog's too uncomfortable to take them. That's true, yeah. That's what Grog needs, is temporary hit points. You see this guy, he's tough and surly, looks like a balding man who's just like made of muscle and anger. He's sitting there with one eye open, one a little squinted, he's just-- He doesn't seem to respond. You do hear like a series of muffled voices and what sounds like a faint beat of some kind from the other side of the wall, just muffled. He begins to reach over for what looks to be a small lever that's hidden on the side. Stops. (grunts) So. As you guys enter this doorway, as it pushes open, you're immediately hit with a wall of voices and laughter and conversation, interweaving in multiple languages. This is far more lively than you expected it would be, it's a large tavern hall. It's almost two stories tall, but it's open. There's a central, circular chandelier that hangs over with what looks to be flickering candles in a circle around it. You can see elements of what are almost like a second floor, but it's more like a slight balcony outcropping. You don't see any doorways, it's just a level platform above, and there before you, you see what has to be three or four dozen people scattered across a number of tables, all in various forms of dress and many of them are drinking, some of them are playing games of chance, some of them are in deep conversation. You can see, the music-- though this is a bad example, but it's what I have-- it's not a full band, per se. It looks like there's a set of three percussionists in the far corner that are all in the process of weaving this rhythmic beat that shifts and changes. Some of them are on more of a hand drum, some of them are more small percussion instruments. It's interesting. It's not the usual bar atmosphere you're used to. It has almost a weird-- I'd say it's in between the two, actually. Take a little Blue Man Group and a little bit of subway bucket drummer. It's right in between there. You guys step into the chamber and take in the atmosphere a bit. Whether that be with smiles, awe, or confusion and care. As soon as you begin having this conversation and taking in the atmosphere, one of four bar hands sees you approach. You see a jagged smile of a hairless man with ruddy skin that immediately comes up to you. "Aye, friends! New faces are few and far between here in Deastok. "Welcome to our little slice of the family. What can I get you?" "I don't know where you got that shit but put that away. "We'll get you right fucked up, eh?" "I'll see what I can muster." "Slim pickings for room here. It's a bit early in the evening. That's when it's the "busiest. Just find some space, sit down. Folks don't want you to sit by them? "Don't fucking sit by them." You see two tables that have room for half of a large group. You split between the two tables. One of the tables appears to be three guys who are in a card game. As soon as you sit down they (grunts) and then keep talking amongst themselves more about taking bets, bluffing each other, giving shit about their home lives, stuff like that. The other table has four quiet individuals that are, look to be elvish lineage. Either half-elf or full elf; it's hard to tell. They're wearing these hoods that show the ears from underneath but then seem to block a lot of the features of their face and guard a lot of the forehead. This silk hood that drips down past the nose on the sides. Make a history check. 19. You haven't seen this kind of dress, but you've heard of it. It seems to be of Wildmount but the eastern side of Wildmount, not a part of the Dwendalian Empire. This more stems from Zorhaus, which is the other kingdom on the continent. It's actually in a tense existence along the border of the Dwendalian Empire. Zorhaus, I'm pretty sure that's what it's called. It is! It's whatever it's called in the campaign guide. I know, I'll just have to look it up again. But anyway. As soon as you sit down at the table the four individuals look at each other and then get up from the table and then walk off to find another place. Okay. All of you guys can sit at the table now that you've forced them off their own space. The guys playing the card game seemed to pay no mind. As you sit around the table, the barhand that met you here approaches and once more goes, "All right, looks like you've found a place to sit, "what can I get you? Got you that shiraz you were asking for, eh." He goes ahead and he pulls up what looks to be a dark green bottle, already uncorked and he brings over a hefty metallic goblet or tankard and then pours it in there. It appears to be something akin to a shiraz, I suppose. Fills it to the top, slides it forward. "All right. Drinks for anyone else, eh?" "I can get you a meat pie, if that's what you're asking. I don't recommend you drink it, "though you could probably squeeze water from a stone, so wouldn't surprise me if you could." "All right, coming on up. Anyone else?" "It can be done. So whiskey. And you, little one?" "Oh, I mean no offense, lady, but you're a bit small-sized--" "I mean that respectfully! Look, I'm just looking out for my patrons here. I don't want to "go ahead and send someone to the local temple." "All right. I'll take your word for it, then." "Another shiraz." "All right, coming up." And he leaves the table. "Korshad, you say?" "All right." "You want what he likes, it's going to cost you more than that." "Thank you very much. That'll put you up to yours, though. We will go ahead and settle your "bills at the end of the drinks. But all right, Korshad it is." Make a perception check. Well, you said you were looking, too, so roll a perception, yeah. 30, okay. You gather the direction that he glanced. It was a cursory look, more to see if the individual in question was still in the room or not. But you got the direction of it, and you know exactly where he was looking-- three tables and that way there. He leaves for a bit, and the laughter is still rising and falling throughout the room. The musicians in the corner, which are two younger human boys and what appears to be a female goliath, who has the heavier drum in the center, who is like the mid-piece, the big (heavy drum noises). The two guys, one of them has a small set of lap drums, (light drum noises) the faster beats. And the guy to the left of her-- they could be brothers; you're not too sure, their features are similar but different enough, the ages seem off. The guy on the left has a series of small wooden blocks and what looks to be some sort of contraption that has three or four different small percussion instruments that are all fixed to it and so he is leaping between them all. For being just percussion, that variety is still making a cool melody. You're still able to find certain notes and certain blends where it still is a very different and unique atmosphere. They manage to bring to this crescendo the piece that you entered on, and it finishes. There is no real-- there is occasionally a couple of claps here and most everyone is busy about their own shit. As they're both looking over to grab a drink to stop and the younger guy with a scruffy chin and this mop of hair that's a little wild glances over to you "Yeah?" "You're welcome." "Can't say I have, sir. My apologies." "Sorry. You guys ever heard of Dr. Dranzel?" And the other guy goes, "Nope." The goliath woman is sitting there and she is just staring off across the room and goes, "No." (laughter) Okay. You watch the gentleman who has been getting you guys drinks, and he is in the process of getting all of your various drink orders and pouring what you have requested, and he does come to a point where he gets this one fine jewel goblet that he has specifically set off to the side and he takes it and washes it and takes care to clean it entirely and dry it off, and once it's set there he reaches underneath, counting a few bottles and pulls one drink, uncorks it and there is this thick dark brown glass jug and as he uncorks it he pours it into there, glances over, grabs another thing, seems to be mixing it with something else. He is being very careful with the actual amounts he is pouring. He finishes that, takes a piece of what looks like an orange, crushes it in the inside and leaves the rind and takes it and swishes it for a second. (sighs) And walks over to a table across the entire hall, where you saw him glance before. He walks over to a table where you see what appear to be about five different patrons at the table. Most of them wealthily dressed. Two of them appear to be older mercantile or business owners, they wear the jewelry on their hands very extravagantly and displaying both wealth and prestige to an ostentatious way that you know most high-end guild workers or owners tend to display. You are very familiar with caste systems that have emerged in a lot of these central metropolitan areas, and so you can very easily pick up some of those themes. Two of them appear as a contrast very simply dressed. No jewelry. You can't make out any details in this distance and there is one man who he hands the drink to, he sets it down in front of him and slides it forward. The man you see there, he has deep brown skin, marked, there appear to be a number of tattoos that curl up his arms and up the side of his neck and touch his ears on each side. He's wearing light, billowing clothes of silver and maroon silks that end about the elbow and are just hanging beneath, leaving the rest of his arm completely visible where you can see the tattoo continues up the forearm and grasps the back of the hand, almost like he has a gauntlet on that is just his skin. You see around him a series of gold and silver bracelets and rings that adorn his fingers. His face is framed by a lion's mane of black and gray dreadlocked hair. Because of your perception check, at this distance and your ranger-like eyes, you can see what you perceive to be a visible scar on his throat from ear to ear. He's currently mid-conversation with the patrons at the table, leaned back in his chair in a comfortable setting and as soon as the drink-- huh? Sure. Well, the drink arrives and gets pushed forward and you read the barkeep's lips as he says, "This drink is a gift to you from patrons on the other side of the place." And this individual, who you assume at this point is probably Korshad, gives a look and goes, (grunts). And he points over, right over to your table across the room. You watch as Korshad sits up, glances over your direction, sees you looking at him directly. Takes the drink, scoots it over next to his side, and folds his fingers and goes back into listening to the conversation of the other patrons. And the barkeep who is standing there is, "Right." And then goes back to the bar, gathers the rest of your drinks and brings them slowly over to your table and passes them out. "All right, got a second shiraz, for you there, sir. We've got a whiskey, and a whiskey. We "got an ale and a meat pie for you. And you, well--" (laughs) He brings up these two mugs. They're simple ceramic mugs that are dark and handcrafted, and he sloshes them up to you and as you see inside, most ale has a good liquidy content. This has a very syrupy thick texture to it. He slides both forward and goes, "I don't expect you to drink both those back to back." And he leans forward and goes, "This here is the Change-Bringer's Nectar. "You sip this, slowly." Well, you guys are all at the same table now. Yeah, one table got up as soon as you sat down. Okay. It's very thick, and it's sweeter than you expected, but it has a definite burn that grows and grows after drinking it. It's syrupy, but because of its syrupy texture, as it goes down it also coats and numbs everything as it touches. And you get the sense it's probably a good thing. It's almost like maple syrup Everclear. Meat pie's pretty good! Sadly, no empanadas in Deastok. Make a religion check. It's really not that hard. The Change-Bringer is Avandra. Avandra, one of the gods of the pantheon. The Change-Bringer is the deity that looks over luck, looks over adventure, travel, the open road. That's as much as you can glean from your passing knowledge of the deity. Since you are not a woman of faith, obviously, you don't know much beyond that. She's also known as "she who makes the path." Make a perception check. Okay. So as you begin walking in that direction, Vex. Couple things. One, you notice that Korshad, while he seems to be mostly being talked at or at least just listening to a conversation, when he does speak, he leans in and does this. You get the sense he's a very guarded man and this is not his first rodeo. He speaks through his fingers. But he doesn't appear to look over at your table again. He seems to have acknowledged the drink, is enjoying it slowly, and is back enthralled by the conversation at his table. What did you roll? 25. And what did you say you were going to do? Okay. You both cover your mouths. Vax. Glancing about the chamber, remember I said there was a secondary platform, that didn't have any doorways to rooms, but there was just the upper walkway across the room both ways? There are about six figures on each one. They're all sitting there, wearing leather armor, mostly covered by a cloak. You glance up and you can see underneath at least two of the cloaks what appear to be the shape or outline of a crossbow at the ready. The music picks up again, Grog, as you're walking over. The next piece is occurring and you can see now that while the previous one had a frenetic tribal beat, this one has more of a scattered, if I could say percussion jazz sense. It tends to have multiple changes. Yeah, if you could. If you haven't heard the jazz timpani before, it's fantastic. It's more of an improvisational piece. You can see where they're each building off of each other, and then one will make a change and the others will shift with it. You don't notice this, because you really don't care, but anybody who had musical interests would be able to pick up on this. But you walk up and you see the goliath woman. Most of the goliath women you've come across, their lifestyle leads to either very short-kept or very tightly bound hair, as the coarse hair of the goliaths tends to mat up very thickly when living in the wild as your tribe did. This goliath female's hair is really well kept, actually. It's almost shining, which catches you off guard entirely. She's not tattooed and appears to be in a trance as she's in the process of drumming away, not even looking at the two of her compatriots or any patron. She's spacing out and is currently enraptured by the music she's creating. Make a perception check. She has very nice boots. And as a man who has made boots in the past, you can acknowledge, those are very well-made boots. The head slowly turns and the eyes focus for a second in the dim, snow-blind looking pupils, and gives you a nod. Head turns a little to the side. (bang) Big drum hit, and her part of the song comes to a halt. The two other bits of music alter but continue the beats, and she just-- As you walk back to the group, a little dejected, Vax, since you're the one who's paying attention the most at this point, you notice as the goliath gets this small grin on the side of her face and continues to go back to the drums. But Grog doesn't see it. All right. So what's the next order of business, guys? About 20 additional minutes go by. Another round is bought at the table, with Korshad still slowly, very carefully sipping the drink that you guys bought for him. Doesn't appear to be slowing, doesn't appear to be breaking. You can keep waiting if you want. One of the Korshad drinks, okay. Do you go to the bar? You haven't asked him yet, no. There are a few barhands that walk around, but the one you've been going with, you can go ahead and catch his eye as you go through the area. "Hey, do you need something?" "Oh! Wence." "Oh, you want Schlond's Embrace. Okay. If you're sure about that." "It's an acquired taste. It's made from a very long-distilled, 40-year processing of a heavy "mint leaf, and that, when it's been very thickly fermented, is mixed in with this very sour port "base that's been repeatedly funneled and sifted until it's become almost thick in its own right. "That's mixed together with a few other sugars and a bit of a special fruit. Honestly, I think it "tastes pretty shitty, but it's what he likes." "All right then! Five gold." He goes and makes the drink for you again. However, he does not bring it in the same glass. He brings it in a regular glass. You get the sense that the glass that was filled was his own. But it's delivered and it's different. It almost has a weird, mushroomy flavor to it. The fermentations involved in the processing of this is not the type of alcohol you'd expect. It's a little musty. But it's functional, and it has an aftertaste that comes to a very strong mint, like a wintergreen afterwards. It's a very strange mixture. Yeah, kind of. In fact, elements of it taste like having orange juice after brushing your teeth. Yeah. It's a little rough at times. It is a silver and pewter chalice that contains a number of multi-colored gems embedded along the sides, going to the base. Lil' Jon would be proud. It's beautiful. Another 20 or so minutes pass in the tavern. Sure. You catch his attention. He comes back to the table as you step up and start in his direction, he goes, "Hey. Another round, eh?" "All right. You want another one?" "Varies. Easily probably another hour or so." "Varies. They've been here most of the afternoon." "Oh, all right." "Okay. I will." He looks at the gold and goes, "All right. I will." You see he noticeably gets a little nervous. Walks over. Do you go back to your table to join your compatriots? Okay. As you're watching, he actually has to psych himself up. He approaches and then turns around and stops for a second, and goes up to the table again and stops himself and gets the gumption up this time and goes to the table. And you see him talking to Korshad, who at this point has his hand on the tip of the drink, glances up at him. Looks over at the table again. You see a smile creep slowly across Korshad's face. Puts his hand up and immediately you can watch as Wence, who's in the middle of talking and expressing this goes, "Yes." And quickly darts away. Korshad gives a point to the rest of the guys and you watch his lips say, "Excuse me a moment." He stands up. As Korshad's walking across the room, Vax, you do watch as all the individuals that are on the upper platform all watch him go through the room and are now seeing the table and where they are standing. The attention is very strongly on what is about to transpire. Korshad walks his way over to the table and you can see, as he walks through, occasionally somebody at a nearby table will stop and watch him him. Very quickly to you, you get the sense that he's definitely one of the more powerful figures that seems to come in and out of this establishment. He approaches the edge of the table, still holding the cup from the upper lip. There's like a lip at the very edge that he keeps clasped with his fingers as it drifts there in front of him, and he occasionally sips from it that way as he walks towards you. Comes up to the edge of the table. "Do you mind if I sit here?" He sits down and places the cup on the table. (muffled) "So." (laughter) Okay. (laughter) I have not had the pleasure, but I know of you. "Quite." "And?" "What agreement do you have proposed?" "We trade in a great many things. Information being one. And I am well aware of who you are." "Are you offering your services?" (sighs) "You are not wrong. I, myself, am the keeper of the deeds. I consider the Darrington "estate a long-growing loan that is now ripening. You see, our community here thrives on a principle "that other syndicates in Exandria lack. Patience. I have been letting this stew for a very, very "long time, so if you wish to make any sort of dent in this debt, "your task will have to be equally monumental." "You are correct. For the time being." "I have given your father a date of six months to pay this debt. If it is not paid, then "the deeds, as agreed upon many years ago, transition to my name entirely. I am not going to "kick your family to the street; I am not a terrible man. "But I will be possessing all of your belongings." "No. Not unless they put up a fight." "Both have their uses." "The family, I will happily give them time to find whatever place they can afford to live or "leave the city entirely. It is not my business. However, I will be taking over the farms, I will "be taking over the business, I will be taking over the estate. Most of the assets within, they will "become property of the Myriad." "If I am to understand you correctly, you are willing to offer your service to us?" "And in exchange, we would still be taking the land-based assets from the Darrington name, "other than the estate and enough means to live comfortably." Make a persuasion check. He goes, "Comfortable living is a relative thing. To maintain my comfort of living, well, "your estate is but a drop in the bucket. But, and I mean no offense--" as he looks about the rest of you-- "Comfortable living for some of you, well, that could be as much as my drink would cost." "That is not a deal. The residential and the farm territory is to become mine. I would leave "for them your estate and enough gold to live a comparably comfortable lifestyle than living on "the street for years to come. They could then strike out on their own, start a new fortune if "they wish. Perhaps land barony was not their strong suit. You seem to have found other "pursuits, maybe you could lead them in a new path." "Past that point, and a task done in our favor by the famed Vox Machina. Maybe." "Everything that remains within the estate home itself would be yours to keep. "The rest is mine." "Roughly 120 miles east of here lies a sinkhole. It has swallowed the core of the "platinum mines of Herethis a few months back. Now, those mines are a very lucrative point of business "for my employers. And every time we've sent scouts to inspect the source of this erosion, none have "returned. Many very capable and proven men, unheard again. One of our greatest diviners has "since spoken of a powerful force within this mine. Ancient. Birthed improperly. But now seems to grow "more and more mad. We're at a loss, so we've put out a contract or two, but nothing has taken a "bite yet. If you were to go to this mine, find this entity that has ruined our mining operation "there, return with proof of its demise, and we confirm its destruction, "I will consider our task complete." "That is entirely understood. And we will keep track of each fee, and we will deduct it from "the materials in the Darrington estate." "It may not be. But it would seem to be something of your skill set." "I would agree to that. I have no interests in your family's public image. I believe that "damage has been done well enough on your own." (chuckling) He takes another sip from his drink. "When all this is said and done, Taryon, "we'll be in contact. I think there is much business we could do in the future." "The information I have given you is what the diviner has found." And this whole conversation he's had his mouth covered, he takes his fingers away from his mouth and he takes the drink. "Do we have an accord?" Picks his drink up and clinks it. "Return "when the deed is done." Slaps the table and stands up and walks back. And at this point, that you notice, the tables nearby, everyone's been just quietly watching in on this. As soon as he leaves they go back to their business and drinking. As you do that, about half the folks get startled by it. The music's still going. "Hey." "Most of them are local and come from all over." "Sorry." "I just serve the drinks, miss." Okay. She's sitting there. (drumming) (drumming) As she's still drumming her head slowly turns around and she goes, "Camilla." (drumming) (laughs) All right. With that, we're going to take a break. Try and get back here in a minute guys, see this next bit of interesting fun. All right guys, so we have tonight's Wyrmwood giveaway this awesome butternut wood and leather dice tray. Giveaway from our friends at Wyrmwood. Come on over, jump into the Twitch chat to enter for the possibility to win this, the word for the night is Myriad. That is M-Y-R-I-A-D. If you don't know, look it up on Google. Exactly. Butternut up or shut up with your Myriad spelling. All right guys, be back here in a few minutes. See you in a second. [break] As you guys have found your way out of what seems to be this strange subterranean bar beneath the Grumpy Lily, you've agreed to, at least for the time being, to make your way east to this mine, which currently seems to be under the-- what's it called? The Platinum Mines of Herethis. Herethis. Which you, Taryon, you understand. Herethis is a region, a regional forest area over there. The Herethis Wood. About 120 miles east. You guys decide What's your best means of travel? How do you intend to get there? It's not terribly far, as the mist flies. Well, I'll go ahead and by the way, because I totally forgot. We do have a winner in the chatroom. Besolis8926, you won the giveaway. Yeah, Denova will contact you for your information to get it shipped to you, so congratulations. All right, so. What are you thinking about for travel? You're just doing the Wind Walk? You guys haven't. You have. They're woods that lead into this small rocky-- it's almost too small to be a mountain range and more just large, rocky hills. But there's no historical significance to the location that you know of. Go ahead and make a history check. 21. You do know a number of the large-scale battles that took place towards the end of the Age of Arcanum took place on Wildmount. In fact, Zorhaus, the other kingdom that we were discussing before is largely a badlands, barren landscape because that was where the final battle between the Betrayer Gods and the Prime Deities took place. And the sheer volume of, the sheer intensity of that battle laid waste to the landscape there, so you have the Dwendalian Empire and the whole western side of Wildmount, which is fairly lush and functional, then towards the Zorhaus Kingdom is, and that whole eastern side of the continent, a lot of it is just barren, cracked, destroyed. But you do know that Herethis, the name, at least, stems from a hero that fell in a battle long ago. You can't recall the specific details of it, but there is some significance to the title or at least the location there to something ancient and old. May have to deal with this time period of entities battling gods. That's the best you can make out. The mines are well known. The Platinum Mines are well known. They're not well attended. They're not a public space, and they're definitely under the control of a number of companies that are shadow corporations under the control of the Myriad. You can see where the connection and the necessity for it to be reopened again is important. Platinum is not a very common metal. All right, so you find K'rynn. She let you know that she was just around the corner from where the estate was and let you know where to find her, and it's like an open tent/lounge area. She's just currently drinking water and eating a little bit of dried meat, and as you approach, she stands up. She still has her illusion on. She still has her pale skin. You get the sense that drow in general are not-- they don't have the easiest time walking through large societal establishments. "You returned. So what did you need?" "Very well." "I have no interest in staying in this city in particular. "I generally prefer to stay around Vashlow." "Vashlow? It's to the west of here. About 25 miles southeast of Port Demali." "If you wish to contact me, you can send a missive to Vashlow, or if you have access to a "practitioner of the arcane arts, perhaps a Sending would be sufficient." "Very well. It was just business." "Eh. Fair trade." She gets up and gathers her little satchel over the side of her shoulder. "Until we meet again." She nods and then walks out into the darkness of the night. All right, so what are you guys doing? You're in the evening now. Misty Step is a very different spell. Yes. All right, so you guys go ahead and transform into your misty forms via the Wind Walk spell and begin making your way to the east, towards the Herethis Wood. Travel is pretty rapid. It's a clear sky. The moon's still pretty-- it's only been a few days since the last full moon when you guys had the ritual up at the top of the mountains with the Trickfoots, so it's very easy to see the details, especially those of keen vision. Rather rapidly, you find yourselves to the outskirts of the Herethis Forest, and after doing a couple passes overhead, you can see there is a portion of the forest that is open, and there you can see there are a couple of stone towers set up. There appear to be large ropes and cables fastened at the edges of what looks to be a large circular ravine, some sort of an entry port, a very large hole in the ground. And as you approach and get close you can see that, while there are two standing towers, there appear to be remnants of two other towers that have fallen in, and looking at some of the cables and the way that some of the equipment is set up, it appears that this sinkhole that he spoke of that consumed a portion of this entryway, whether it be a quake or something, a lot of the structure that was placed around the outside of the mine has fallen in, and is precariously being held either dangling over the inside by cable work or has crumpled somewhere at the bottom of this abyssal hole you see before you. When I say abyssal hole, that's just a descriptive way of saying it is pitch black from this distance. You cannot see anything past the top. It is actually a doorway to the Abyss. Hey guys! Orcus tonight! Have you guys transitioned back to your physical forms to have this conversation? Okay, make a perception check. 24. Okay, you start coasting over the edge, and you can see there are broken carts and crates. You can see the remains of what seem to be a couple of humanoid bodies, mostly picked away to the point where there's just slightly pinkish bone from whatever dried bits of muscle or blood that remain, the rest of the flesh and organs pulled from or dissolved. You're not sure. So you land about half a mile out, and you guys transition back to your physical forms. Vax shares the information and what he spotted. They were on the edges. Like white and pink bone. Like just whatever flesh was on there has been picked off. All right, so. Is it just you, Pike? Who's going with you? All right, so you go back to the bodies with them? All right, so the three of you are turning back to mist and making your way back toward the entrance. Okay. You guys land near the edge of this crumpled rock and you see where the ground itself has curled in and collapsed inward, and there are a number of cables or ropes that go across and various large structures, the stone towers that sit at the edge of this opening. You can see there's tension on these ropes and either the rope's going to snap at some point as the weather gets harsher over here, or the rock is going to crumble in if the ground keeps eroding. You're not sure if it's done, or if it's a slow crawling thing. There before you, you see a body. You can see elements of clothing, torn and dried, crusted with old blood. You see a boot that's left off to the side. The foot's been removed, but it looks like the edge of it's been torn and ripped a bit. The skeleton's been picked clean. There are three bodies around the whole exterior, but you've landed next to one. Make an investigation check. Looking at the bones, you can see signs of what appear to be scratches or grooves across the bones... It's interesting. A lot of the bones have a very smooth texture to them. You're used to seeing very porous, but it looks like elements of the bones have melted slightly. Okay. Pike, you're casting Speak with Dead? All right. It's easy enough for you to cast it. It's quick. Ritual complete, you go ahead and you burn some incense. And at which point, the skeleton, which is face down on the ground by the way, the skull (bone creaking) creaks up and looks over. Like, turns around and faces you as it reaches. It curls upward, almost in like an upward dog-- Cobra position, but the head's turned completely around and curled up. (rattling thud) It flips over on its back and the head (bone creaking) turns back around to its right. You get five questions. (raspy, strained) "Something in the mines we found. It hatched. Or woke. And its anger shook "the halls. I tried to run, but the skittering beasts got me first." (raspy, strained) "Large. Hard carapaces. Pincers. Many legs." (grunts) He seems confused about what you're referring to. The skittering creature or the-- "The skittering creatures, we just ran. I didn't look to see." "They were rather large, maybe eight foot end to end. They burrow, they spit. But they were "awoken by the smaller one." You gather, what he said was-- (laughing) "It was like a baby, and it cried out and everything fell around us. I barely made it out, "but the skitterers found me." (deep exhale) The enchantment leaves that embodied the skull, falls to rest, the bones now motionless. I would say, Marisha-- We'll say a nature check for both you and Vex. Not for this in particular. No, it's not something you've encountered before, necessarily. 19, okay. And Vex? Yeah. You have heard of a creature that does exist in subterranean and sometimes forested areas, referred to as an ankheg. An ankheg. They generally tend to snatch cattle and beasts of burden in the night. They are large and insect-like. They spit an acidic fluid. Some of the things this corpse has described makes you think of that. You bug juice is made of sandkheg, which is a desert-based variant of that creature. If only the person who could cast the spell was in your party anymore. He's elsewhere in the world right now. All right, so what are you guys doing? Okay. 5th-level Commune with Nature. Instantly gain knowledge of up to three facts of your choice about any of the following subjects as they relate to the area terrain; bodies of water; prevalent plants, minerals, animals, or peoples; powerful celestials, fey, fiends, elementals, or undead; influence from other planes of existence; or buildings. Choose three of those. Okay, so as you focus and Commune with Nature, the plants speak to you in this series of images and thoughts that essentially get the idea across to you that there is something planar involved here, but it's very old and long-dormant, recently awoken. You can ask whereabouts this thing is. Nature tells you this sinkhole goes down for about a quarter-mile, and it lies at the very bottom. Apparently, yeah. The whole ground just collapsed inward. One of the two. They are monstrosities, and that's what they look like right there. Using the nature's essence to let you know somewhere in the neighborhood of about close to a hundred. Throughout the network of caves-- Yeah, so this is spread out amongst what would essentially be a subterranean anthill of these ankhegs. It seems to be the source of where all this started. Or at least brought them to start attacking the surface. You don't know. This is all the information you have. Yeah, that's right. That was what was essentially a dead or stillborn deity. A demigod, essentially, in its own pocket plane. Roll a religion check. Yeah, if you want to, whoever's having this conversation you can make a religion check. Okay. You recall a while back that you battled with that entity, you-- what was it called? Crysa-Thul. (sighs) This is all I do with my free time, guys. Make up shit for fun. But that was not tiny. That was a very large entity. Like, to the point where you remember there was a 20-foot-wide well and a giant fleshy baby arm that slapped out and crawled it out Akira-style. Everyone kept saying small on this one, so you don't know if-- maybe related in some way? But you're not entirely certain. It doesn't appear to be the same kind of thing, necessarily. Not by the descriptor you've heard. It called it a small one. Yeah, the thick forest of Herethis surrounds the mine. We'll say Druidcraft, which is a very localized and cantrip-based magic, you could, over the next couple hours craft a single web hammock. (groaning) Yeah. This is what it would look like if you were to build to scale. Okay. So you guys find a place in the trees? Who's helming finding that spot? All right. Go ahead and roll an investigation check. Okay. No, this is exactly where to use it because forest is your favored terrain. This is exactly the kind of thing it would help with. Yes. 24. You find one massive tree. The trees here can get pretty big, and there's one thick tree that the branches are pretty easy to climb, and up top it branches out and all the various branches that make up the canopy. It's almost like this little bowl at the very top, just underneath where the heavy foliage descends, and it's a perfect place for you guys to make a camp higher up off the ground. All right, you guys make camp. Who's making first watch? All right. We'll say as a note, this the last of the chalices you have prepared. If you want to do any more Heroes' Feasts, you'll have to specifically go and purchase the chalices or go look for it in town. That chalice, while it looks quite delightful, is not worth a thousand gold pieces. (laughs) It's a little gaudy. Yeah, every time you drink from it you get glitter on your hands and you're like, shit. You're immune to fear, immune to poison, and-- Marisha, you want to go ahead and roll the additional hit points for Heroes' Feast? 2d10, I believe. You do. So 19 additional hit points to all of you guys. Temporary hit points last until they go down or you take a long rest, I believe. Let me double check. Well, no. They're different. The Heroes' Feast is in addition to your maximum hit points. Temporary hit points are different. Technically, those two stack. You're about to lose the temporary hit points. Should you be so inclined, yeah. You can give the essence of a speech. It's a speech. You can give the essence of it, but the idea here is just you honing your public speaking skills. Temporary hit points. They last until they're depleted or you finish a long rest. Yes, I was correct. Cool. All right. We'll say for the purpose of brevity, because even at your guys' level if you did encounter anything in this forest that was indigenous, you'd splatter it in a round. But you don't have any issues. Nothing really sees you up in the branches. You occasionally get caught off guard by the sound of a nearby (hooting). It's an owl in the trees. But nothing seems to bother you during your evening slumber. You complete your long rest. You still maintain your benefits from the Heroes' Feast, and as morning comes, Keyleth gives a rousing speech. You can just describe the topics you talk about. You don't have to give the actual speech. Keyleth, Voice of the Tempest. All right, guys. There you go. Take your 17 temporary hit points. No, it's just her level. No, because the 17, once the 17 goes it's gone. It's still your maximum. You can heal to it, yeah. That is the difference. Yes, what are you doing? Okay. Yeah. (laughs) The inventory of the items you've lost to guests. Lost and gave away. What level? Level one. You got it. Okay. (laughs) The Kigurumi of Useful Trinkets. What's the question? Drop a what? A Fireball? Well, a Fireball is a small bead of magic energy that has a range. So if it reaches the end of the range, it has no effect. You could. You take half bludgeoning damage when you impact. Bacon points. 17 bacon points. To be fair, I've eaten some bacon in my time that's given me some temporary hit points. Just saying. Oh, completely. Okay. Oracle Arrow. You fire it. It's a big pit. The radius of a small flame on an arrow doesn't seem to light up the walls. It's not bright enough, so it just descends and descends, and the wood is catching and burning, and eventually it hits the stony, earthy floor at the bottom (arrow impact) and it clatters and breaks a little bit. It's burning pretty heavily, and you glance around the space inside and you can see what looks like some broken mining equipment on the ground, jutting out in places. You see what appears to be some sort of stony platform that is carved, but mildly forgotten or eroded steps, and the rest of the arrow burns up and you lose your vision. Well, the diameter of the actual hole is maybe about-- Not quite that big. I'd say it's about 150, 200 feet across? No. Okay, the flying carpet, the one that you have? 800 pound capacity. You can fit Grog and one other person. I think you could probably fit Grog, Percy, and Pike. Conjure an air elemental. As you finish the conjuration with the staff and slam it into the ground at the edge of the entranceway, you watch as a nearby cloud starts to swirl and descend, and you hear this cracking sound as the planar shift between your plane and the Elemental Plane of Air briefly hiccups open and then summons forth an air elemental that (whoosh) rushes down under your control. It is concentration. Keep that in mind. All righty. So. Two brooms of flying, magic carpet, wings. LAURA and And you are... The carpet's full. Okay, we can do that. All right, so you guys slowly begin to descend down this heavy, open tunnel. Yes. So I would like all you guys to make a stealth check, please. Yep, reliable rogues, man. That's what rogues are good at. 30, okay! As you guys all descend, you get about halfway down the tunnel, and you can hear this occasional echo (clicking). And for those of you that have Darkvision, you look off to the side and you see there are these small openings, these tunnels in the sides, and occasionally you see a large insect-like creature skitter out (clicking) and then into another hole. None seem to see or notice your presence. You continue delving deeper and deeper and deeper. Looking up above, you can see the slowly vanishing circle of daylight above you, and as you continue further and further down, those of you with Darkvision, you begin to see a floor begin to approach. Okay. You halt the carpet. Make a perception check. Okay. It doesn't block all the light because it's the Helm of Brilliance. As you guys are being somewhat stealthy going down here, Taryon is still a slight beacon of fire. His helmet just emits a glow at all times. Okay. You glance about and you can see this opening at the bottom. There's some warping to the earth here. It's one large chamber that's almost peanut-shaped, it pinches in the center and closes around, and there's a small tunnel that leads off and then closes at the end. It appears to be what may have been some sort of mine shaft that has then collapsed on the opposite side, but the center here looks like there's some fallen barrels and chest pieces, and there are pieces of rods and rope and cords strewn about. And there's this ancient stone platform that rises up in the center, and what appears to be some sort of a small recess in the stonework there. It looks like it's the size of a football carved downward. Oh. It is currently not emitting light. You could probably get closer. Okay. Because you're a ways from it and you have no light down here. Even with your Darkvision, you can make out some details. The closer you get, you see a number of small carvings in what looks like some sort of language that I don't believe you understand. You don't see it. It's pitch-black for you, Mr. Human. Nope. Nope. Nope! Nope. The humans are sitting there in pitch black, seeing this tiny little bead of light above and just hoping that someone's going to give them some indicator. It's contained, but it's still a single beam. So you go ahead and get close on the broom. Right. You open up the hood of the light, and it immediately beams this stark red beam down on this portion, and you look at it. It is Celestial. It appears to be runes of gestation and protection. It speaks of a seed, a guardian for ages to come Symphior. You notice as this pale white light begins to slowly appear a little ways ahead of you in the other side of the chamber. This light is emanating from some-- You guys begin to drift back on the carpet, and you see this beacon of light hovering maybe ten feet up off the ground, about the same height that you guys were to the platform. And you see there what appears to be a cherub. It's a baby, or an infant, but it appears to be withered and gray, and its arms and legs hang limply, and it has these small, white angel-like wings, but the feathers are tattered and broken in places, and the head's lolled back, and as the glow grows from it, it goes (wheezes, screams) and gives out this heinous scream that echoes throughout the whole hall. You can't help but instinctually grab your ears. I would like you all to make a wisdom saving throw, please. Which, actually, you are immune to fear, so it does not affect you. However, it shakes the interior and you watch as small stones (thud) hitting the ground around you. You guys, looking up above, you can see that this scream is affecting the structure a little bit. I need you all to roll initiative. So we have, up here by the platform. There it is. It's very tiny. All right. Initiatives. 25 to 20, anybody? Who rolled what? Jesus Christ, Percy. All right. So 20 to 15. All right. 15 to 10? Ten to five. All righty. All right, guys, we're going to keep this coming at everyone fast, because we're going to make this happen. All right, first and foremost, as this creature emerges and you guys are in your respective places, Percival, you're up first. You're up here near the top of the platform, where you saw the recess. Yeah, it appeared on the opposite side of this double chamber. It's all up from there. Okay. So you hop off of there. You can see it, yes, but you cannot see the terrain around you. So Percival, what are you doing? Oh, this side? You can get about there. You don't quite get to the wall. You can get further, but currently the creature is out of your view. Okay. That's your turn? All right. Vax? All right. About there? It's straight up. Where you see the walls are right now, even this is collapsed about here. In fact, I'd say, to keep it easier, I'll say that's a collapsed entrance there. But this is all a straight-up hole in the ground. It slowly funnels as it gets to the bottom. All righty. All righty. That hits. Correct. Right. Correct. Dash is your full movement, which is-- Cool. You fly by your sister? Okay. No worries. That ends your turn. All right. Pike, you're up. Actually, sorry. Before the end of your turn, it's going to go ahead and use a legendary action to use a terrain shift. Yep. As you stab the creature, it (gasps). There's a horrible sucking sound as you dart back. It looks over in your direction. The wings flutter once and it brings its arms up, and as it does and you land next to your sister, you feel the air around you begin to freeze in cold. This energy's just (crackling). You feel ice crystals condense around, and both of you feel the air in your lungs suddenly begin to freeze up. I need both of you guys to make constitution saving throws. Nice! Constitution saving throw. All righty. 19 points of cold damage to you, Vex, and that is nine points of cold damage to you, Vax. And while you manage to pull out of this space of condensed cold, Vax, your sister, however, becomes stunned for one round as your body is frozen and locked in place. You watch the air coalesce into this frozen area, and while the broom is still holding you aloft, thankfully, you are standing there in place and the ice falls, clatters, and slams into the ground below you, sounding like the shattering of a hundred pieces of crystal across the stonework. Pike, now it's your turn. It's a level two spiritual weapon. Where are you putting the spiritual weapon? All right. I believe you get to make an attack with it, then, if you do. All right. So. Once again, roll for attack on that. So you roll a d20 and add your spell attack modifier. 13. (whoosh) It swings, and the creature flaps out of the way and avoids the blow. Are you going to move or stay where you are? You do. No, you take half the damage, but you're still stunned. You would take nine damage instead of the 19. So do you want to move with your turn? Okay. Beacon of Hope. The range on that is 30 feet. 30-foot range gets everybody except for the elemental. Beacon of Hope, you have advantage on Wisdom saving throws, death saving throws, and you regain the max number of hit points possible from any healing. All righty. That end your turn? At the end of your turn, the creature goes (raspy breathing) and you watch as the ground right beneath the carpet explodes. It peels back as molten lava suddenly begins to spill up in a column beneath you, splattering up and to the back and over the top of the carpet. I need everybody in this cluster, this ten-foot-by-ten-foot section, to make a dexterity saving throw. So Grog, Pike, and Keyleth. Danger sense 18. Natural 20 plus, what's your-- Pike's the only one who made it. Pike, you suffer 21 points of fire damage, halved because of your armor, so you only take ten. Ten points of fire damage. I need you to go ahead and make a concentration check on Beacon of Hope. Just roll a constitution saving throw. Keyleth and Grog, you guys both take 42 points of fire damage. The ground below you right now is currently in flames, and you guys have to stick around that space there. The open ground is billowing flame and lava now, and the area around that platform is searing hot. So what did you roll? A five with your-- Yeah. You lose Beacon of Hope. Sorry. You have to get above half the damage you took or ten, whichever is higher. You guys can choose to stay on the carpet. You pull out of the way, and now the area is just billowing with lava and flame. Keyleth, it's your turn. All right. You took how much damage? 42? Make a concentration check. Constitution saving throw. Yes. You have to get over a 21. A 21 or over. 21. You just maintain concentration. 90-feet flying speed? Yeah, he gets over there easy. Plops on over. Okay. Nope. This is not a very strong creature. Go ahead and roll the damage on that, yeah. Random direction, I'll roll for that. Okay. That's going to fling him 20 feet into the five, ten, 15, 20 into the wall right there, and prone. To it right now, no. You would have to get off the carpet to go. Okay. At the top of your turn, by the way, you suffer eight points of fire damage by the proximity to the flaming platform there. It's not so much a weather effect. It's more that there's a heaping column of molten rock. Eight points of fire damage. And I need you to make another concentration check. Yeah. This is considered subterranean, not Underdark. Cavern. All right, so you've done that. What do you want to do, Keyleth? You're over here. Yeah, so you leap over and you get line of sight on him right there. Sure. What's the DC on that? And it's a constitution saving throw, I believe? Six plus ten, so it's a 16. Yeah. So roll your 8d8 necrotic damage. Yeah, no. Even with advantage on the save, it rolled a six and a four. Nice. As you reach, it's on the ground. It's trying to get back up, and its wings are flapping, and all of a sudden you watch as its gray, withered skin turns dark black on one half of its body and it (screech) shrieks out and gives another scream (hoarse scream) from the ground, and the area quakes again, and you feel the ground shimmy a bit. The ground beneath you, as its last legendary action, begins to give way. Keyleth, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Yeah, this is a different area. Nope. So as you finish casting this and you hear it scream, you cover your ears, and suddenly the ground moves out beneath you. You watch as the actual floor (whoosh). As you watch Keyleth plummet into a pit below. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage and the ground (whoosh) covers over her. Keyleth vanishes. The ground seems to swallow her up. Keyleth, the entire pit collapses in on you, and you're currently restrained underground, and you cannot breathe. I need you to make another concentration check. Yes. Yeah. Okay. That ends your turn, Keyleth? I am, because it's his turn. The cherub creature, this Symphior, begins to fly up off the ground and make its way back in this direction, out into the open once more. As it floats upward, it looks over towards where-- let's see, because all it sees is you two. You both are still in the flames right there. It's not worried about the fire at the moment. It sees you, Taryon, and goes (hoarse wheezing) and lifts its hands up. I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. That's great. So you only suffer 11 points of piercing damage. As you leap out of the way, you watch as the ground suddenly turns into a series of earthlike spikes underneath, and some pierce you and scratch you and you roll out of the way. You barely move off to the side, where now you see this giant, jutting series of spike-like pillars forcing up from the ground. All right, that's going to end that attack, and it's going to use the rest of its movement to move back (whoosh) over to there in the corner. That brings us back to Vex. It's your turn now. Yeah, so you're stunned, and that's your turn. You eventually break the ice off at the end of your turn, and you're breathing heavily and trying to get the feeling back in your skin. That's your go. Grog, you're up. It's an action. Which spell do you have? What's the casting time of Jump? What's the casting time of Jump? So that would be your action to use it on yourself. Okay. You also take seven points of fire damage at the start of your turn, because you're by this flame. Over to this side there? Okay, yeah. You run (whoosh, thud) land next to it. With the run and the jump, you have maybe ten feet. Yeah, you're right up on him. You have an action, still. Well, no, because you said it's a bonus action to do the leap? What's it say on that? Just to do the leap, right? It was the run. You still have an action. Go for it. Okay! 26 with the minus five? Yeah, that hits. All righty. That's your first strike. You have extra attack, man! 24 does not hit. It's a tiny size. It's hard to swing at, and as your axe almost catches it, it (whoosh) out of the way. Yep, that's your turn. At the end of your turn, because it's reset back to its ground, it's going to go ahead and look to you in front of it and go (hoarse breathing). Make a dexterity check. Dexterity saving throw, sorry. The ground crumbles beneath you and you suddenly (whoosh) fall below. You are raging. It would've been 12 points of bludgeoning damage, but it becomes six. But you are suddenly buried and restrained underground. Freedom of Movement. I'll say it doesn't have-- Well, he's buried in the ground, regardless. That's the effect. He didn't avoid the burying. So I guess you'd just, if you want to use your action to try to escape, you do so. All right. That ends that go. Taryon, you're up. You've got a pretty close look, if you wanted to take a moment to inspect. At 60 feet of movement, you're not quite within melee range of it. Oh, that'll do. Okay, go ahead and roll for an attack. What's the range on War God's Blessing? No, he's out of range for that, unfortunately. Sorry! As you (ring firing), it (whoosh) out of the way and the fist goes by. Slamming into the wall. (crash) It got you a kill. The marid. Yeah, so you're just like, (ring firing). No effect. It dodges out of the way. And now you can see its weird, lifeless white eyes turn towards you once more. That end your turn? All righty. Let's see here. It's going to go ahead and use another ability now. As it sees that you're closed in, it glances over, and you watch as suddenly, a bunch of stonework just (rushing noise) up in the center of the area, as now-- A giant stone wall suddenly shoots up above to about 40 feet. You're underneath right over here. You're on the outskirts of the wall. Yeah, you and the baby, and an air elemental, and a giant sword that's swinging. But you lose vision entirely, Pike. Just (rushing noise) wall's in front of you. Percy, you're up. No, the wall would have to go way high. It's about 40 feet up. Your movement will not get you to the top. Because you only move 30 feet. It'll get you about there. I'll put you right there to remind us, but you're almost at the top of the wall at your full movement. Okay. You get to the top of the wall, there, and you can now see it. You can get partway down the wall, yeah. So you get about, I'll say, there on the opposite side. That's your turn, Percy? Okay. All right. At the end of your turn, Percy. Let's see, it's going to go ahead and use-- It's legendary actions. It manipulates the area around it. Because you are currently standing on the side there. No, you know what, it's going to hold off. It's not going to do anything. Vax, you're up. Okay. Okay, you immediately take eight points of fire damage by getting close to the flames to grab her. It's like (fire noises). I'd say it would be an action to grab her enough, and you're going to move at half speed with her. Yeah. Action, and your movement there was about there, I'd say you'll get your action and your movement will get you to up above the wall. Right. Hold on, no. You used an action to pick up Pike. You brought her up there, you moved, you have another action and a bonus action. You have an action and a bonus action. But the extra action that you have is from your haste, which means it can be used for either a melee attack or ranged. Okay. There you go. Put you down there. That hits. That just hits, yeah. If you'd like to, yeah. 47? Nice. As you swipe down to (whoosh) fling Whisper out, it slams right into the chest of the creature and it impales it off the back side and there's the burst of divine energy inside, but you see the divine energy matches its own, and what looks like a blow that would've killed the creature, it's like, (raspy inhale). Turns back towards you, and gives another scream as the dagger returns to you. End of your turn? All right, at the end of your turn, it's going to use its last legendary action. It's going to use another cold snap. You feel the air around you, familiar, (whoosh) condense, and the ice cling to you. The air in your lungs freezes solid, it seems. Go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw. 25 will succeed, all right. So you shrug off the stunned effect, but you do still suffer the halved damage. 13 points of cold damage. All righty. Pike, you're up. Top of your turn, you suffer no damage, because you got out of the fire. You're at the top of the wall now. Yes. Roll an athletics check. It's 40 feet down. So that's going to be a long climb. It's a natural one? You do. So you use your reaction to cast Feather Fall on yourself as you stumble off the side, and as you plummet about 20 or so of the 40 feet (whoosh, soft impact) and you land unscathed on the ground. That's your reaction to do that. With the shield. Not physically. It's over here and you're at the base of the wall. You can get within range to it. Okay, what level? Oh, shit, okay. Go ahead and roll for an attack on that. Wait, is Guiding Bolt an attack? No, is it a saving throw? I think it's a saving throw, isn't it? I always forget that. No, it's a ranged spell attack, so you have to roll to hit it. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your spell attack modifier. Because you can do that! Guided Strike, you get to add that to your own attack? (laughs) Still checking it. Guided Strike. Yeah, plus ten to the roll. That'll do it. 29, boom. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Well it's four levels above that, so it's 8d6 radiant damage. Six sixes? 42 points? So as you land gently on the ground after plummeting head over heels. (thuds, fire blast) Holding your holy symbol before you, you watch as this beam of condensed divine energy rockets across, and this tiny, floating, withered planar baby (fire blast) gets blasted. You watch as the wings get pushed back. It's holding itself in place, but you see the dark shadow outline as the energy is blasting through it. As it hits, its wings recoil, and it's still floating there, but you can see this sparkly outline of divine energy, because the next attack on it has advantage. You do. Your sword's still up. Spiritual weapon, you can move 20 feet as a bonus action. It moves up and takes a swipe. Go ahead and roll an attack. 29 hits! Yeah, so go ahead and roll the damage for the spiritual weapon, which is 1d8 plus five, I think, for you. Whatever your wisdom modifier is. Seven points of damage. It all helps. All righty. Keyleth, you're up. You're underground, you are restrained, you are blind. You cannot see anything. Okay! And with that ability, you get an earthglide, and this is a non-issue for you. All righty, Keyleth. So you are an earth elemental. What's your speed? 60, earthglide? Yeah, totally. You're moving into melee with the baby? Sure. Go ahead and roll a slam attack. Make two slam attacks, so roll twice. It's plus eight to attack each time. Yeah, that misses. MARISHA; Okay, but that one is a natural 20. You double whatever you rol for the 2d8 and then add plus five. Crit that baby. It's our next t-shirt Crit that baby! The bonus isn't doubled. Just the dice. That's great. 27 points of damage. (wham) Slamming onto the ground. As your hand retracts up, you can see the wings are-- as it starts to fly up, it (gasps). Go for it. 18 and 17 plus eight? Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Nice. No, this was just hitting it. (impacts) All righty. That's the end of your turn? All right. As it comes back to the entity's turn, it's looking really, really rough. And as part of that, it's going to reach into itself. Its hands push into its torso, and as it screams, (raspy scream) it gives out this horrible scream as it tears some of its chest open, and from the inside, where you imagine it would be a ribcage, it's this impossibly bright light that echoes out in a shockwave, affecting everybody except for Vex, actually. I need everybody else to make a constitution saving throw. Yes. Nope! So? 22. That succeeds. That succeeds. Pike? Okay. Succeeds. Everyone who succeeds, you suffer 48 points of radiant damage. Yes. If you failed, you took 96 points of radiant damage. The cloak doesn't say a spell effect? Technically, because it's not a leveled spell, it's just a radiant blast, it would not affect it. No, it wouldn't. 96 points of radiant damage. So Keyleth, I need you-- your elemental has gone berserk. Aside of rolling a 20. Go for it. Just try. Even so, I'm letting you have this opportunity. Nope. So as the Conjure Elemental spell fails, the control of your elemental shifts, and now it's aggressively turning its attention towards you and the rest of your party. No. That's not how this works. Yeah, actually. Roll a constitution saving throw for the air elemental. It's a plus two. The air elemental is actually destroyed. To your advantage, strangely. All right, so the entity looks like it's barely hanging on, and you see parts of its internal body falling out from where it tore its chest open. It's going to use a bonus action to Misty Step out of this vicinity over to here. It's going to use its movement to fly high up, almost trying to escape the cavern now. It's up in that region right there. We'll say, here. On top of this. Turn that away. All righty. Vex, you're up. You fly up and you see everyone below is wrecked, the ground is charred with some sort of a radiant blast. You watched it flash over the wall itself, like a small, rapid recreation of the intro of Akira. (boom) This big, arcing ball of white energy. Sure. Okay. Strength? I actually rolled a natural 17. But it still takes the damage. 40, nice! So as it hits, you watch as the brambles try and wrap around it, but it actually flies free. 42 total. You can see more of it's just falling out of its small, decomposing torso, and it's trying to fly upward now, towards the light. It's on the edge. Okay, go for it. 28 hits. Roll damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) All right. As you pull back as it's fluttering up, you take aim and release, and as the arrow strikes it, you can see, the same way the dagger hit the baby, it hits it, and throws it, the sheer force of the arrow against the wall, and pins it there like it's stapled to the rock. As it reaches over to try and pull the arrow out, and it begins to, suddenly the arrow (whoosh) breaks into a bunch of bramble vines that begin to wrap around it, and you watch as the tiny baby arm and wing try and reach out (choking) as it constricts and twists and slowly constrains it until you see it (crack) pop and go limp on the inside of the vines. And as the vines unfurl, what was physically there is slowly dissipating into a glitter-like powder. The body dissipating and falling apart. You don't know, actually. Okay. I'd say you could probably, over time, yeah. You have enough constitution to be fine. No, he's fine. He can hold his breath for six minutes. He's got a really high constitution, so you're fine. You slowly pummel the rock out from his way and pull Grog out from the interior of the stone floor. Okay. So you gather some glitter in. Make an investigation check. I mean, there are a number of visible edges of veins. In this whole mine, there's a lot of platinum, but you have to mine it. And as you guys are having this moment, you begin to hear the loud sound of hundreds of large insect-like creatures climbing their way down the walls. Okay. So you rush over and grab the carpet. And you guys begin to make your way back up through. There is a small tree growing out of the side of the wall from where you killed the creature, but it's not large enough for that spell. Yeah, it grows and twists out, like a bonsai curves upward. All right, so you guys are coasting up through the shaft? Okay. You guys begin heading up through the center column of this opening. As you're moving up, are you staying in the darkness? Okay. So (boom) this light now emerges from this area, and as you can see now through this cavern around you, there's about a dozen or so of these large ankheg creatures, about every 30 feet or so, 40 feet up. You're in the center of-- you look up and you can see easily the hundred that you saw earlier have all been drawn to the surface by the screams of this creature. And as you begin rocketing up with this Daylight spell, you watch as some of them start hanging upward in your direction. You start hearing this sound, (hiss). They're apparently attracted to your presence. It is a line shot. I'm going to go ahead and have, let's see here. Percy and Vex, I need you guys to both make a constitution saving throw. Sorry, sorry, not constitution. Dexterity, my apologies. Yeah, roll again; it's fine. Yeah, you both make it. So you both suffer eight points of acid damage. There are over a hundred. And they take more than a few shots to go. We'll say you start picking them off, a few as you go, but you watch them fall past you. There's just such a mass number of them. As you guys get up another 40 or so feet, (spray sound) again. From three different ones. All right, I need Taryon, Percival, and Vex again to make dexterity saving throws. Okay. Okay, six points of acid damage to the three of you. You make your way up even further. You're about halfway up this tunnel at this point and now you're getting to the heavy cluster of these creatures. At this point, a large cluster of them begin to spray all across. I need all of you guys to make two dexterity saving throws. Anybody get lower than a 13? For one? Yeah. That would be all of you except for Pike and Grog take a total of 14 points of acid damage. Both of you guys, for the purposes of this, take 21 points of acid damage. As you're shooting and you hear the gunfire (gunshots) going off, you fire the arrows. More and more of these ankhegs are falling and crumbling off. You hear the (screeching) as they streak past you, plummeting into the darkness below. Even more so, throwing streams out. However, their numbers are starting to thin because you've gone past the thick part of it. Vax, Pike, and Grog. The three of you guys roll dexterity saving throws, please. All right. Six points of acid damage, six points of acid damage, 12 points of acid damage. You guys, with the brooms and the carpet, it's not super fast. Putting up there again. You get about three-quarters of the way up. She's on the carpet. Wind Wall is stationary. It might help with one round of the spray. You'll find out. You don't know. Okay. As you guys are heading upward, now you're about three-quarters of the way out. The numbers are thinning a little bit. They start spraying once more. You go ahead and create a Wind Wall that you've been preparing. As you watch, these jets of extremely acidic burning liquid shoot toward you, suddenly a column of wind gets conjured upward from the darkness and deflects the spray into a mist that is thrown back against the wall harmlessly. You're almost to the exit, and you see a handful more towards the very top of this cavern. Keyleth, Percy, and Pike. Make a dexterity saving throw, if you can. Okay, so eight points of acid damage. 16. Keyleth? All right. That's eight points of acid damage. You took the-- The eight, yeah. As you guys just crest out of the top of the dark column below, you can watch as the creatures are starting to skitter out from the edges, but you are far above and a few of them are spraying, but you're above the range and it's coasting over and disappearing below. You've now emerged into the night sky, the moonlight above you. You're all fairly beaten. You're going to throw a Wall of Fire on the edge of it? What's the radius on Blade Barrier? Okay, we'll say as you come out the top, you throw down the Blade Barrier-- what's the radius of it, though? I'll pull it up real fast. Okay, so you can make a wall around the one side of it. Not the whole thing. You don't get to get the whole radius, but between the Wall of Fire and the bladed wall, you blast the opening there. You coast away, watching and hearing as dozens of ankhegs that are climbing up to the top begin to (screeching). Eventually, they all begin to burrow back into the rock and stone and vanish. The ones on the surface begin to burrow below. And a calm stillness comes over the exterior of the mines. As you all coast up, hundreds of feet in the air over the forest, licking your wounds. So you removed the glitter and you removed-- The little stone placard. You had to wedge it out, but you got it up there. And that's where we'll call it for the night. Aw man. That was also created by the chat. That was a tiny celestial. Was the prospect of doing something that attacks via the terrain instead of-- The actual title for it is Symphior the Withered Planetar. It was essentially a celestial seed that was placed to eventually emerge as a guardian in a future time, almost a Ragnarok-type circumstance. But the land around it became corrupted as it gestated or was held in stasis, and then was awoken prematurely. And as such, became this horrible monstrous version of what it was supposed to be. It was neutral, but it was dangerous. It seemed pretty far gone. Thank you guys so much. We'll be back next week with the battle royale. That'll be fun. It was pretty good. Yeah, it was pretty slick. Exactly.