And welcome to tonight's fantastical episode of Critical Role. Fantastical. It is. It is a testicle episode of Critical Role. Sorry for the delay. We had some technical issues as tonight we do have the wondrous Ashley Johnson joining us via Skype for this climactic episode. Yay! Hi Ashley! She's dancing for it. So sorry for the delay, but we're on here. That's a Valve golden ticket. Technically, we're not employees, but no. It is tempting. Okay, so a couple of announcements we have on our end to get things started as we wait for Laura Bailey to arrive. She's currently driving here as fast as she can from The Video Game Awards, where they announced her character in Uncharted. That's awesome! Super stoked about that. Yeah, no, I'm really pulling for that series. She'll be here shortly, but congrats to Laura on that whenever she arrives. Let's see. Starting at eight o'clock tonight. It's a little delayed due to scheduling craziness but starting at 800 tonight, you will be able to see Ashley Johnson's playlist for Pike on the website will be going up. It's an awesome one. Been listening to it for a lot of the day. Indeed! So that'll be going up at 800 tonight, and I believe mine will be going up next week. That one's been an adventure in crafting so far so I hope you guys enjoy that. Let me throw to you guys for the comic if you want to go through that real fast. Thank you guys. Yeah, it's actually a pretty fun arc. It's one of the more lighthearted Vox Machina background moments. Don't say that! You don't know. Well, dice will tell. You're horrible. Perfect. Also, I recently found out that Obsidian had released the Pillars of Eternity soundtrack on iTunes. The same soundtrack that they let us use on our show for background. It's an awesome soundtrack, and if you're a fan of the game or if you're just a fan of good atmospheric soundtrack music, go check it out. It's on iTunes, so thank you Obsidian again! MARISHA and Critmas for this month is next week. We pushed it back a week because tonight's episode is a little crazy or it's looking to become so, depending, and we wanted to give you a little more time to get things in for Critmas for the actual holiday season. So we'll be calling it Critmas slash what was it you said, Taliesin? Voxanukkah, there we go. Critmas/Voxanukkah. (laughter) Yeah, this'll be our fun month event. We're excited about that. Let's see. If you want to go ahead and take the announcement-- I hope it's Gabon. Because you already mentioned Valve at one point tonight and it's important that we all pray to Gaben together. We've got to get it to you when you come back in town. By the way, thank you for tweeting your comics today, which sent everyone into a tizzy thinking that you were here in LA. SAM and You're technically still here. And you know what, actually right next to Travis, you guys are size appropriate for the group, so it works out well. That's amazing. Yay! Slowest high five ever. Awesome. Then just reminding you guys, we've got a couple more weeks before the holiday season. We got a bunch of our awesome shirts up on the website including the How Do You Want To Do This? shirt that Marisha's wearing tonight, which is apparently also selling out again. Certain sizes are. We're pushing to get more in, hopefully. And the Critmas sweater, which is delightful, too. Does anybody else have any announcements they want to make at this time? Perfect, perfect. Well, cool. That being the case, then, let's go ahead and let's go ahead and jump in. Exactly. To get you guys up to speed the party, Vox Machina, after having a relatively violent encounter with a couple known as the Briarwoods-- Lady Delilah Briarwood and Lord Sylas Briarwood, two individuals who were responsible for essentially torturing and murdering Percy's family and taking over his town of Whitestone and for the past five years have ruled it, guiding it into some dark direction they've begun to recently unravel. The party traveled to Whitestone to clear their name as they were essentially put in a bad political position with their home town of Emon and to possibly bring vengeance for what Percy's family had undergone five years before. Upon arriving they found the town in a very dark emotional place. Zombie giants roving the streets as these controlled centurions. A number of individuals in the town feeling the general unrest. And they decided to build a revolt. Percy helming the de Rolo crest, Vox Machina went around inciting the thoughts of rebellion in the city. Not the first but apparently the one with the most chance of succeeding they've had to this date. After some infiltrations and sizable victories cutting down some of the underlings of the Briarwoods within the city, the people began to arm themselves, rise up, and fire, blade and screaming took the city as the denizens began to fight back. In this chaos, Vox Machina made their way underneath the Castle Whitestone, where the Lord and Lady Briarwood currently reside, seeking some sort of a project called the ziggurat they've been working on for a while. While they were down there they found a woman, apparently imprisoned, under an illusion that they revealed to be Anna Ripley. Dr. Anna Ripley, one of the torturers of Percy five years before and currently seemingly interested in the black powder based gun tech he had been developing. However, they took her captive, went upstairs, and discovered that Percy's sister, Cassandra, is indeed still alive and being held captive within the castle. In the process of trying to save her Anna Ripley got away, Cassandra got her throat cut but thankfully was saved by the quick actions of Vox Machina and the near death's door stepping of Vax once again. But nevertheless, saved her, prevented her disastrous fate-- That's true. (laughter) You've all gathered yourself, taken a short rest to heal up. Whatever else you want to do to prepare at this time. You know, discussion, items, preparation, trading, anything you want to do before you delve any further into this tunnel underneath the city of Whitestone, now is the time to do so. That's the actual official name, yes. No, the back wall of this mausoleum was originally just a wall. There was a large 20-foot wide cavern that is chiseled through the stonework and appears to delve deeper into the ground behind them. We got a Laura Bailey! The Comic-Con night on the town. Congratulations, by the way. Well, I'm glad you could join us. Thank you for that. Taliesin! There's greater or superior. Superior would be the highest you've received so far. No, but you do take one point of damage. Yeah, there's definitely enough of a reaction to be worth your-- Well, you have, you have common. Sorry, the healing potion, the greater healing and the superior. Cassandra also steps forward and says, "I myself do not have any sort of potion of "protection. Does anyone have anything which they could offer?" Yes, that's right. By the way, everyone is currently-- Like either Percy or Cassandra, thanks to Scanlan's Seeming, which is really awkward. "Certainly, thank you." And she comes forward and reaches out towards you and you have to reach up and put it in her hand because she's reaching out towards a much taller figure. A little larger. In between. You are. All right. Is this the one with the question mark? Do you want to dip them both? (laughs) Okay. You have two more uses of your holy oil, I believe, right? You're using it all right now? It lasts for an hour. It's up to you. You can hold off. A short rest. If you wanted to attune to something during that short rest, you can. If you'd like to, yeah. Okay. Roughly 30 minutes, yeah. "Yes?" She gets distant for a second, thinking, and haphazardly pulls the hair over her ear and rubs her armor in a nervous way. Looks over out of the side of her eyes to you and says, "They're both "dangerous for different reasons. Separately, Sylas is dangerous because of his unnatural nature. I've "seen him turn arguments and opposing sides into friendships in but an instant. He has some sort of "power over the mind of those he looks to. That in itself is a danger, not to mention his other "capabilities. I've only seen him use it twice, but that blade he carries is as dark as he is. "That being said, Lady Briarwood, Delilah, she carries magic far more powerful than I've seen. "She on her own was able to create, run, and rule each of these sentries that run about the entire "city. She had half of the entire castle staffed with long-dead individuals. None questioned her. "I've never seen her in battle, but I sense there is far more to her abilities than I've seen. "The two of them together are driven-- more so than the affiliation to this Whispered One they "talk of, they're driven by one thing, and that's their affection for each other. As long as they "are together, who knows what they're capable of." "Yes?" "Most of the ziggurat construction happens during the evening, when Sylas is not resting. And "for the most part they journey together-- for the past month, at least. No, I haven't seen them "apart, really." "Not unless something in the sun required their attention." "In the sun." "Sylas does not appear to like being outside." "Of course. It is true I have been living here, at least in this castle with them, for the "past three years. Not, not of choice, of course. And were I in your position, "would think the same." "Well, I was near death. I was recovered by the father that runs the temple of Pelor and a few "other individuals who had fled the city at the time. I was as far-- as I was concerned, I was gone. "But they nursed me back to health. Slowly. Over time. I was, for the better part, useless as an "individual for about six months. And even to this day, I have a bit of a wheeze when I expend "myself, but Father Reynal made sure that I was in good health. And that was when I learned truly "what had become of the city in my restoration. And it was there that we began to speak of the early "talks of rebellion, here in Whitestone. Me being still alive was enough of a beacon, for those who "knew, for us to put together our first attempt to fight out from under their rule. And it was "marked. They knew every step we took. Many lives were lost, but in that fray, they recognized me. "They didn't know I was alive, either. I guess they saw the importance of keeping me under their lock "and key as a way of crushing whatever hope those who still lived here had." "That would have certainly made a statement. There were many days when they first took me "captive I would have welcomed that. But in that time we planned that first rebellion, I saw fire "in the eyes of my people. Brighter than any I had witnessed in my youth. I saw their love for my "family. I saw the intent of these people to take back what was theirs from this corrupt force, and "I knew that I had a part to play. If they choose to leave me alive, as much as they try and sway my "interests, it also brought me close to them. I watched them. I could see what they were planning. "Try and gather details of this construct they're working on beneath the city and feed this "information to those who I knew were still true and behind the de Rolo family name. I don't know "what I can say to offer you more than that." 21? Okay. Looking, every word that comes out of her mouth comes with conviction, comes from a look of a person who's recalling a painful memory. There is nothing that belies any deceit. Hey, there you go. You guys are both going to stealth ahead? Twins, side by side. All right, go ahead and roll stealth checks. You get advantage, Laura. All right. The two of you go ahead. Can I have a marching order here? Trinket stays with the rest of the party, I assume. All right. Who's going to be towards the front of this traveling pack? Right, but everyone else is following behind, though. All righty. Okay, Trinket's following Percy. All right. And as soon as you enter the cavern and begin stepping forward into the tunnel, there's a flash of light right before you for a second, blinding you, and you instinctively step back and pull your daggers out before you realize the flash is now a glowing symbol on your hand. The crest of Sarenrae that's been stitched into your glove is now pulsing with an energy. And you hear for a second, call out, Pike's voice ring through the darkness, and you see before you, out of the shadow, out of the blackness that is before you in the cavern, a small gnomish hand reach out for you. As you do, the glow from the glove begins to spread from your hand across, and all of you guys see materializing out of the darkness Pike's form slowly unravel into this shadowed area into this glowing beacon of her holy form that you previously traveled with, as Pike is now once again brought to this point of clarity here beneath the castle Whitestone. It's very weird. You're a tiny gnome in armor, and everyone else looks like Percy and a woman you've never seen before in your life. Yeah. This giant rotund Percy on his hands and legs, just (bear noises). It's a very strange visual, and you're very confused momentarily. (bear noises) She takes your hand and looks down curiously at this tiny gnome that seems to have apparated out of the shadows and gives you a curious look and a big smile creeps across her face. "It is my "pleasure to have good people around me for once. Pleasure to meet you, young gnome." Which is funny coming from her, because she's technically younger than you. She looks hardened, but she's younger than you. Pike is giving low candlelight around her, so you're going to want to keep her towards the back, probably. You can, it'll be like throwing a t-shirt over your bedroom light. It'll just be a nice atmospheric Chinese lantern. There you go. Okay. So as Pike comes to the back, smiling at everybody, she joins the back ranks of Keyleth and Trinket. Actually, probably behind Percy. Cassandra's going to be right there. Flying V formation. And you guys continue down this tunnel. Yeah. All right. You guys continue on this slowly descending tunnel for about ten minutes or so before you see it divide to the left very heavily and then continue forward. There's still no light source here and so you're relying on your darkvision to continue, but there's the switchback to the left and the one that continues forward. You can. Make a survival check. This is a survival. 16, okay. You get down and inspect the area. You actually pull out a small bit of torch pith and light it a bit just to get a little light across this one intersection briefly. There are footprints back and forth in all ways, but many of them have been, at least the footprints coming from, and the last footprints were coming from this tunnel to your immediate left, were from a while back. The fresher footprints, fresh as of four hours, continue on down that way. You do notice that the smell of the air itself is, you notice this as well as you're inspecting, the air down here has a very acrid, sharp scent anyway, a hint of chemical. It seems to be getting stronger to the left. All right. Continuing to push forward, about another five minutes or so, keeping track of your distance to the castle you're starting to get towards the outside perimeter of the actual city itself. As you're keeping tabs on distance traveled to that area, you catch, based on your last perception roll, there is a portion of the floor that seems to have some placed crooked chunks of stone. You see pieces of broken stone here and there, things that have fallen out from being hauled from the distant dig into wherever the ziggurat is, but there's one section where it appears there's platforms. It looks like it's deliberately placed, as opposed to dropped and left there. Okay. Go ahead and make a check. That's thieves' tools, yeah. Okay. You find two of the large stone slabs that are part of this discarded sequence here, they have beneath them some small magical burst that is waiting to detonate. You manage to mark it and take a couple of other stone pieces to wedge underneath it to prevent it from depressing onto whatever the trigger may be, and note to the rest of the party to avoid that section. Okay. The awkward large bear-Percy-- You continue forward for another I'd say 20 minutes. Go ahead and make another perception check. Okay. Both of you guys, walking forward, both step out and look down just in time to stop your foot from pressing onto what looks to be a mound of dirt that is, once again, deliberately placed and a little more fresh than the rest of the dust-covered hallway. You can see there's an area that is distinctly a different shade of color based on the lack of dust on top of it, and you both stop just in time. Thank you very much. I got fries. You approach this mound and as soon as you get close to it, you pull out your tools. You're not quite sure how this initially works. And as you begin to push slightly on the dirt on one side, you can see the other side shifts a little bit from the weight. It's like there's something beneath the dirt that has some sort of shifting property to it and you gather based on the way it reacted there is a gas contained beneath this. To disarm it would be difficult, but you can ascertain the nature of its detonation and once again, you can mark this to not be placed. It's right in the center, so it can be bypassed if you stick directly to the right or left and work along the sides. Trinket may be a little difficult to work on, but we'll make a roll for that. What could possibly go wrong? All right, so you each make your way around this. When it comes to Trinket's side, I'll say for you because he'll probably need a little help making his way across so go ahead and just make a dexterity check for Trinket with advantage, with the aid from the party. Eight? Okay. Okay, so who's helping Trinket? Okay, so just you, Grog? Okay, as everyone continues pushing forward, you reach out, helping Trinket get along. Trinket's pushing up the side of the cavern, claws scraping on the side of the wall. Foot slips, slams into the mound of dirt, at which point, the mound depresses and then (explosion) bursts open into a 20 by 20-foot gas cloud. You can start doing that because it is a lingering cloud effect. Regardless, I need you and Trinket to both make a constitution save. Laura, can you roll a constitution save for Trinket? Just a regular constitution save. Seven? Okay. You suffer six points of poison damage, Trinket suffers 12 points of poison damage. As the cloud begins to fill the area, you breathe it in and there's that reactionary point of like, "Shit, get Trinket out of there!" and then you realize the harshness of the toxin doesn't seem to be affecting your system. There is some element of the "holy shit it's delicious" feast you guys had that is keeping the toxins at bay from entering your system. You take half poison damage whenever you do take poison damage. That's all right. So as you guys pass under this cloud, you-- That's all right, it's much better now. Keyleth, you push the toxin cloud back and hit it off to the side, pushing it down the same tunnel that the acid section was. It'll take you a while to get it back there, but you can just leave it lingering in the tunnel if you'd like. Okay. It seems to be pervasive for now. It may eventually fade or sink into the earth, but it'll take a while for that to happen. But you move past this trap. You continue forward and the descent grows steadily more and more steep at this point. What was like a relative decline has now gotten to the point where some of you have to get up against the wall as you step down, not to the point where it's slide-worthy or anything, but enough where it gets a little precarious for those who don't have quite as much a grand hold on loose earth. About five minutes of this, it evens out though, and as it does you come to a metallic doorway. Okay. The door does not appear to be trapped, but it is locked. Yeah. All right. So, looking at the door, and the closer you get as you bring some light source to it you can see the door itself is not an iron or a slate metal, it's hammered bronze. The surface is semi-smooth but it does have a bit of a warp to it from when the metal was originally plied and used to create this doorway, so it has this hammered look across its entire surface, some small rivets in the side. You do notice that there is no handle for it but on the other side of the door, there is something that is latched over it, so using your dagger, you manage to lift it slightly and then shove forward through the slight edge of the door frame to the door itself or means to force this off of its latch and you hear the metallic arm bang against the other side of the door as it falls down, and the door pushes open slightly. Okay. That same acrid smell that has permeated into the hallway continues into this room, it's a little colder; the temperature in this room is because, as you notice, looking in, what little bit of distance you can see in this pitch black vicinity, the entire room is made of this type of hammered bronze. As you travel through here you see chunks here and there, some of them appear to be, yeah, nothing bigger than what you can fit in your palm. Any of the larger pieces seem to have made their way all the way back to the undercroft where you guys had the ghost battle. At this point, you've just seen bits and pieces that may have fallen out of whatever carts were brought through and you do see grooves in the ground where like large wheeled carts were pushed back and forth up and down this tunnel to carry materials to and from. Go for it. Okay. Both glancing in what little bit of space you have to poke through, you can see the room itself, it's about 80 feet across and about 50 feet wide. From the doorway, it's a slight ramp that leads down into an open floor area, also the bronze metal, and then across the way another ramp that rises up to meet a small upper platform area. and there appears to be a door on the opposite side. If you'd like to. You'd probably have to get a little closer into the room to check it out because you guys are at the outskirts of it. You're just able to see a little bit of the edge of your visual distance. Looking at the door, if you open it up? It's about two inches thick. Have you guys all moved up to the door, at least? Or are you all still back in the corridor? SAM and Okay. Cassandra does say, "This is as far as I've gone down here." "I assume the project. The last time I came here, I was following the Briarwoods at a "distance. They went in there with a handful of guards, and when I made it to this door, it was "empty on the inside. I assume they traveled through that far door, but I have not actually "been here myself. It was at that point that I was discovered and dragged back to the castle." "Back that way? I saw them, from a distance. I did not want to get too close. They're just "larger, stone troughs that these chemicals have been refined in, and for whatever purpose they've "required them, have been kept there. Dr. Ripley, actually, was in charge of a lot of that "development and creation." Make a perception check. Okay. As you step into the room and look along the walls at the top of the ramp that leads downward, there's no discerning features that you can glance off visually across the walls. Hammered bronze with bronze bars across to keep all the various plates that were put up together. It's not one solid piece, it's multiple sheets that were all bolted and put together to create solid walls. The floor is bronze, as well. The roof is not bronze. The roof is what looks like solid whitestone. Make an intelligence check. Okay. This bronze-colored material, and you're not too familiar with a lot of metals, but it appears to be an alloy of some kind. It would probably be a good conductor of electricity, if utilized in a way, for whatever purpose you're unable to ascertain, but this metal is not indigenous to this region, meaning the whole area of Tal'Dorei. This metal is usually imported from distant lands. It is not found or created naturally in this area, to your knowledge. Not with your experience, no. Gathering about, though, as you all gather in this area and are looking around, you notice that the stonework on the ceiling has two discolorations. Across the top of the ramp above you, there is a one-inch discoloration, almost like there's a drawn line across the stone. At that height and this lack of light, can't tell if it's just a marking or an actual change in material, and there's one on the other side of the room across the way at the top of the other ramp. At this distance and in this low light, it's hard to tell. You can see that there's a discoloration or change, but it is a consistent band across the top. What darkvision is, it's very black and white. You don't see a lot of color, and it's hard at this distance to make out anything. Without feeling it or seeing it, it's hard to get details. Yeah, if you'd like to. Okay. As you descend the ramp, keeping a very close eye on the ground around you, or are you just doing a visual scan? On the ceiling? Okay. Glancing about, you don't notice any traps. You do notice in the center of the room, the very center of the room on the floor there is a small variation in the color. You see what looks like a small almost oval-type smooth button. Or some sort of a strange object that is embedded in the floor. The roof is flat from what you can tell. It's a giant box, it's just the walls and the floor. The whitestone ceiling and the rest of it is all this bronze material with a ramp that goes down towards the bottom and the ramp that goes on the other end, with the two platforms, where you enter and where the other door across the way is. So all of you step back out into the hallway, your cluster of Percys and Cassandras. All right. Go ahead and pull your arrow. You aim carefully from just outside the doorway. Yes, you add your attack bonus. 27. So you release the arrow. Perfect hit. On point. It strikes whatever this strange object is embedded in the floor. It hits and slightly ricochets and splinters as an arrow would when it hits a hard surface. No seeming reaction. No, actually. Most of this tunnel structure did not exist when you lived here. This has all been either re-discovered or created since you left Whitestone. All righty. As you step down to the bottom of the slope as it meets the bottom, and there is an open area in the center of the floor now, about a 20-foot area width between the two ramps. You're now at the bottom of the ramp. You take the sword and you let it scatter across. And there are imperfections in the floor so it skips as it moves and such and eventually slides to a stop. No effect. But you do get a better look at what this thing is embedded in the floor. You not having darkvision, though, you would have to have a light source for this. Yeah. You bring your torch forward and you look over. It looks like a smooth gem, like an opal or some sort of whitish opaque gem that is embedded in the ground in the center. It's an opal-like stone, about that big that is embedded in the bronze floor. There's actually a small, metal bronze band that encases it, wraps around it that-- It wasn't just pressed into it; it was put there intentionally. All right. As the floor ramps down towards the center, you follow it along the wall. Making your way across, looking. You notice as you go across the wall, there are three more of these same opal stones embedded in the wall about shoulder height. In the wall as you go across. On just on your wall-- Just on your wall, there's three along the way. There's one in the center of the room in line with the central opal, and there's two to the sides of it about four feet from each other. So you notice that. You skirt underneath. Okay. They pass overhead. As you make your way underneath the three opals in this part of the wall. Making your way up the other ramp to the other side. Make a perception check. Okay. You make your way up this side looking about on the floor. Nothing seems to happen, nothing catches your eye. You get onto this upper platform, and there is the door there in front of you. The door does not appear to be trapped. Does not appear to be locked. It does not seem to have a mechanism for opening other than if you wanted to try and push. Well as you can tell, there's the one in the center of the middle of the floor. Then there's one on the wall that he walked across, and as you to the other wall, there are another matching set of three on both walls. And they're all lined up. There's the two in the center of the room that match the one in the floor and then there's one to each side of that about four feet apart. Looking up. Make a perception check. You get lost in the beauty of the structure. (laughter) Okay. Looking up, no. The ceiling is just smooth whitestone. You, pushing the door-- it doesn't open. It is solid stone, and as you push and look, you can see there's no hinges. Looking at where it meets the wall, it looks like it slid down into a groove. It's actually a door that would lift or sink. It slides. Some way, shape, or form, it slides into place. Okay. So you watch in horror as Grog just strolls full, upright back, hammer in his arm with a big grin on his face. Looking like a really burly Percy. I have to keep reminding myself. It's a very curious visual every time. Passes right through the center of where these opals are aligned across from each other. Seeming no effect. Makes his way up the ramp to where you are on the opposite side of the room. Keeping track best you can, you gather you're about a quarter-mile from the center of the city, from the square where the Sun Tree is. It's a quarter-mile south of you. Currently, no. Nope. It is flush with the ground. Okay. You could try. Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead and roll an athletics check to see if you can manage to get anything in there. 16? Okay, so you take it and you try to get a few whacks in, it's not really getting in there. Make a strength check. Nine? You swing with the pickaxe downward for a full angry Grog-swing, and as you hit, you feel the pickaxe move further than it did before, and for a split-second your brain's like, great! And then you look down and notice that the actual handle of the pickaxe has shattered from the impact, broken in two. Okay. You go and press your thumb down on it. It doesn't move, it doesn't shift. It doesn't give way at all, it just stays in place. As you pull your thumb away, though, you notice that the gem has a very soft, faint white glow to it, and a second after you pull your thumb away it fades back. You guys all place your hands against the opals on the sides, and checking as you pull your hand away, the opals glow brightly white again, and then fade. (laughs) All right, so that's three on one side, three on the other, who's got the middle one? You got the middle one? Pike, are you grabbing a stone or not? Are you touching a stone or not? Okay. That's seven. So three on one side, three on the other, Trinket keeping there with anticipation up next to you. Pike, you put your hand on the final stone. A moment passes. Doesn't seem to have an immediate effect. Yeah, Pike, as you pull your hand away, the stone is glowing. And it fades momentarily after you put your hand there. Nothing on the ceiling. Roll a perception check. 21. Okay. Looking about, Cassandra actually, who's up towards the far ramp, seems to notice something and walks up to where the door is, looking at the foot of the door. She moves her hand out of the way and presses her hand down on a hidden eighth opal. At which point there's a shift, a sound of stone shifting loudly, and those bars across the ceiling, the green bars? Let loose a bit of dust, and two large walls of green glass (impact noise) slam downward to the front and back of you, locking all seven of you into the center of this bronze room. Cassandra's on the other side of the green wall on the far end of the room. Cassandra runs up to the glass and puts her hands to it, and you can hear her voice saying, "Is everyone all right?" She went up to the far platform. Which, by the way, you notice immediately, this glass, this weird, warped glass that forms these walls is the same material as the shards of green glass that you found broken on parts of the ground in the Undercroft. Okay. Cassandra takes a step back, go ahead and roll for an attack. The door is opening, actually, behind her. 19? You go ahead and you strike forward. Go ahead and roll damage. 16. Okay. You strike with all your might across the front of the glass, Cassandra steps back as the might of it hits. A streak of green sparks fly off the edge of the blade as it careens across the front and goes (metal noises) leaving bare but a scratch across the stone. At this point, you guys see the door opening behind Cassandra, and two figures step in behind her. Okay. As you guys all gather back and up at this point, Grog, I don't know if you're still swinging? As this is happening, are you preparing Thunderwave? You said you wanted to try? With a loud sound-blast echoing through the room, you can hear the reverberation of the actual bronze material sending back the vibrations of this spell. All of you who weren't covering your ears very heartily, it still creeps through and rings your head a little bit. As the blast hits the glass, it seems to have no effect. The actual essence of the spell itself is scattered across its surface. This residuum-sealed green glass. The two figures step into what little bit of light is now visible from Percy's torch that is twisted through the warped surface of this glass wall, and you see before you Lord and Lady Briarwood stepping up to the wall, looking through, their warped visage through the glass looking down into the chamber that you're all currently locked in. Sylas leans forward and puts his hand to the glass and says, "And hello to you, too. And "welcome to all of you. Well, my dear." At which point Delilah steps forward and goes, "I was hoping for a more formal reunion, but you "insisted on riling up the populace and tying up the bulk of our forces. "Rather unfortunate, really." Go ahead and make a perception check. 20. Looking across the way, but barely able to peer past them with very little light in the distortion of the glass, you can see what seems to be some sort of a smooth stone placard that's embedded in the wall just on the other side of the door. Yeah. Okay. You, all of a sudden, vanish from that room, and you press your hand into that placard. You can notice, Sylas looks over his shoulder with a slight look of unexpected surprise. The smile's still across his face. That's if you want to. It's a spell that you do as you do it. You can't really hold it in place. You pressed the platform in-- (Skype noise) As you push in, there's a sound of grinding stone again. However, the walls stay in place. Two of the highest bronze plates that are pressed against the wall shift inside and move out of the way. And two big tubes push outward. Sylas looks over his shoulder and says, "Well, I was not "expecting you to want to see your friends dissolved quite so quickly, but certainly." As you guys look up, this green viscous liquid begins to pour-- Okay. Go ahead and make your first shot. 27. Okay. Okay. The bullet slams into the bottom of this tube, and the tube itself is not made of any real thick material; it's a similar material to the bronze the rest of this room is constructed in, and it seems like it's brought in by some sort of mechanism that locks into place. As the bullet strikes the bottom of it, it bends upward, closing off part of its passageway, and locking off the other half with ice, seemingly holding it for the time being. While you're reloading, I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. You do. The Feast gives you advantage. You rolled a 16? All right. As you pull your hand out of the switch, Sylas's gaze pierces into your eyes, and your blades, before you have a moment to notice, have already sheathed themselves, and you step into the room alongside the two of them. Sylas comes and pats you on the shoulder and goes, "However, it doesn't hurt to have friends. "Thankfully, we were ahead of our residuum production schedule, and, well, a few minor "modifications to our distillery room made an excellent trap for you." Delilah turns to him and says, "Bit unceremonious, but I'm not in the mood to break a "sweat today. We're still weeks off from being ready, and I have much work to do." At which point, they both look over and put their hands on Cassandra. Cassandra's still standing there staring at the room with a look of coldness mixed with this brimming sense of desperation and worry. There's this crux moment in her where there's this inner conflict within her right now. Quickly, he's going to get his next shot here. 15. As you fire the second, it ricochets off the bronze nearby. The liquid begins to pour in now. One side is currently held, but the other half spills and begins cascading into the room. Okay, you chug a Potion of Flying, and you begin lifting off the ground. The rest of you, you do have these two ramps that push up at least five feet towards where these glass walls are, but the bottom of this entire room is beginning to fill with this liquid. No, you're all in the same room, sealed by two walls. Correct, yes. All the gems except for the one that Cassandra touched. Yep. Okay. You reach down and strike the gem. Go ahead and roll damage. 15, okay. You strike the gem as hard as you can, you can see it crack a little bit from the impact. The actual gem itself has a small crack run through its center. Are you guys all currently at the top of the ramps? Is what I'm asking, yeah. Trinket's backed up awkwardly against the back, looking really uncomfortable. Cassandra puts her hand up to the wall, and looks at the group of you and says, "Which one is my Percy?" No, you actually talk into them and it happens. There's no corridor. You're inside. Okay, you're backing up on the ramp. As you're doing that. She leans forward with her hand on the wall and looks at you in the eyes. You can see there's tears running down her face and she says, "Your sister left us the day those arrows found my "chest. I did not die from those wounds but to watch you leave me there in the snow. I have a new "family. I am a Briarwood. And I have a destiny with the Whispered One." She steps back as the two Briarwoods put their arms around your sister, and even still there's a shake to her voice, and you can see in her eyes there's a quake. She speaks words of conviction, but you know deep inside, even there's conflict. At which point Delilah kisses her on the head and says, "Don't worry, my dear. It'll be over soon." And they turn around and step into the hallway they entered from. No. For this, you are technically charmed for 24 hours. All right. You could attempt to. Okay. You go to attempt Hunter's Mark and as the energy springs forth from your hand, it hits the green wall and scatters across, the arcane nature of the spell halted immediately. Now, at this point, as you're going for the nearest gem on the wall? Okay. So go ahead and take another shot. All right. You strike down and slam it. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. You strike the gem. This time the gem shatters. Pieces of it go flying out of the area and parts of it turn to dust and chunks hit and roll down into the acid. The acid, which now is about a foot and half, two feet high, and is slowly rising in the room. Okay. At the glass? Okay. You guys watch Vax turn around and begin to follow the Briarwoods. Scanlan, make an attack roll. Okay. Go ahead and roll your damage with the sword. If Pike wants to. Yeah, you guys are all together still. Oh no! As you wade into the acid you feel the sting as it hits your body. You immediately take five points of acid damage. You did, so you take three. Three points of acid damage. And you strike down, arcing down as it splashes, parts of it go across your face. You can feel the tingle of it burn the outside of your skin, but not enough to really cause any serious damage. But you strike down and you find it hit the gem and then slide off as it hits, but you feel it give a bit on the impact. Anyone else want to do anything right now? All right, go ahead and roll the attack. 22, all right. You release the arrow. It streaks across the room, hits the glass, and it explodes with a reverberating crack. You guys all, in the middle of trying to figure out this scenario, didn't cover your ears in time, and it nearly deafens you from the blast of the impact from the reverberation of the room. However, go ahead and roll damage on that. Roll arrow damage and then an additional 4d6 points of damage. So what's the damage on that? 43? It hits the glass and as the explosion settles the smoke rises up and you can see a portion of the glass wall about ten feet up, shards have been chiseled out from the explosion. It's taken some damage. Not a heavy amount, but you can see there has been a portion of the wall that has been scraped away. About ten feet up. You would have to, yeah, unless you want to try and jump across. You could try and jump across if you want to. Okay. Which, the door is now closed, by the way, and Vax is nowhere in sight. Yeah. Scanlan? Are you making another strike at the gem? This is all fluid. We'll pull it up as you go, and you're taking your shot. Okay, go for it. Hits, go ahead and roll damage. Ten. You strike down a second time, the acid now beginning to rise; the level's almost up to your chest, and it's a little harder for you to swing, but you still manage to strike true. You take four points of acid damage, but you can feel the damage itself is mounting. It's growing with each progressive amount of you that is currently submerged. You strike down, thankfully the liquid isn't too thick and you still manage to push through most of your force, your magical blade guiding it down to the gem, and you feel it (crack) beneath you. Crack and shatter. One down. Oh, sorry. Two down, between the two of you. Not that you can tell at a quick glance. Everything's pretty solid, and it's been used multiple times, and you see now that this room is used, and what they used to melt down all the whitestone into the residuum component during the construction of the ziggurat. Some of the notes mentioned it, Ripley mentioned a little bit, but this-- this is bad. It appears to, yeah. There's such a little water component that that spell is used to focusing on, it would be a little hard for you to do that in enough of amount to actually do any serious effect, unfortunately. You can definitely fill it up, but it's a ways up. Oh, yeah! So you bolt down, and it's still pouring in. The ice on the other side, by the way, shatters as it now continues to pour in from both sides, doubling the speed at which it's filling. Go for it. Yeah. You could, yeah. Okay. We'll get to that in just a moment. Okay. All right. All right. All three hit. Roll damage for all of those. Okay. All right. (three gun blasts) You unload three bullets in a row. You see, before even the last one hits, the opal itself (crash) shatters off from the final blast, leaving the vacuous hole where it once was embedded in the wall. Vex, you move up and you grab onto it. You begin to try and shove it, and even with your Fly spell, you don't have a lot of weight behind it, so you put yourself up against the wall, find some leverage against one of the metal bars that holds the metal plates in place, and you lift. I need you to make a strength check. Not for this, you don't. You grab it, and as you're holding onto it, it's pliable. It's not a very hard metal, but you just don't have the strength, physically, in this one attempt to bend it in any way, shape, or form. So you reach over and cast Heat Metal. The pipe section sticks out about two and a half feet from this point, so you can grasp it there. You look over and see the metal itself beginning to heat up, beginning to glow. You can. Okay, so you take your cloak and wrap it up. Good call. What are you doing? You can take one person. Of your size. Medium creatures. Well, you are, as a gnome, a small creature, aren't you? Pretty sure. Let me double-check this real fast. Yeah, a gnome's considered small, so it would have to be a small creature, for you. Grog, do you want to make your strikes? First two hit. That was for the damage? Oh, got you. So as you slam into it and slam into it, with each progressive hit, you can see the glass itself is gliding off the blade. You're doing bits of damage, but it's going to take you a while. You could get through this in about ten minutes, but right now the acid has lifted to the point where the next round, everyone's going to start being submerged. Okay. You step out of the acid. It's dripping off the lower half of your body. This sizzling smoke is pouring off your body. Don't Lenny Kravitz this. You walk up the ramp, you grab Pike, and the two of you appear on the other side of the glass door, up on the platform where Cassandra pressed the final gem. You put your hand on the gem, and put your hand away for a second and see the gem itself is glowing, but does not seem to be-- Make another strength check now, with the Heat Metal. 13? Okay, with the help of the Heat Metal, which managed to make the metal more pliable, you do still take three points of fire damage because the metal itself is burning, and you're putting your weight against it and pushing against the edge of the wall, but you pull it up, and it begins arcing upward, and you push it over in the direction of the wall where he is. Yeah. There is force just pushing it outward. As it arcs over, it starts splattering across the whitestone on the ceiling. As it hits, the whitestone dissolves and you can see it's causing these huge pockmarks in the actual stone above the glass. Okay. It's not hitting the whole ceiling. You could probably take another round to keep directing it, if you want to. It's up to you. You could either keep directing this one, because right now it's just starting to hit the ceiling. Okay. Moving it over there. What are you doing? Okay. You guys make your attacks on separate gems. You're putting hands on it? Okay. You guys run up and put your hands on the gems. They've both gotten two gems each, yeah. On the bottom gem. You could, yeah. You could probably get one gem. There's only four gems left. Trinket is up against the wall on the sides, very scared right now. SAM and You place all of your hands on the gems? No apparent effect. Make another strength check. You rolled zero again? (laughter) I forgot, you're outside. You're fine. Pike, you don't, because you and Scanlan are outside of the room. Yeah, so you take two. You hear Percy yelling from the other side. Okay. Roll a spell attack-- or for Guiding Bolt is it a saving throw? I can't remember if it's a saving throw or not for Guiding Bolt. Let me check. Guiding Bolt-- yeah, make a ranged spell attack. With advantage, because it's right in front of your hand. So roll two d20s, take the higher of the two, and add your spell attack modifier. 16. Yeah, that's easy enough. Roll your damage for your Guiding Bolt. It's 4d6 radiant damage. Okay. Roll damage. Make another strength check. (glass breaking noise) Your gem shatters. Yeah, that hits. 12 for strength? You manage to move it to the side. You take two points of fire damage as the heat from the actual metal itself is starting to push through the leather, and you can feel it burning the edge of your skin. But you do arc it over a little further, and it's now (splatter noise) pouring onto the ceiling and splashing over and down over the glass wall. You can see, the stonework is melting through and after a few seconds of this, you begin to see the top of where the glass wall ends. As the wall dissipates and the acid begins to push through the rest of the whitestone, you guys look up and you can see the ceiling above you begin to turn dark for a second before part begins to (dripping noises) drip acid into the small chamber that the two of you currently are standing in. Total of 20 damage? Yeah, the gem on the ground before you (glass breaking noise) shatters with a blast of radiant energy. You still have one more gem left. It's the one you were touching. What are you doing, Keyleth? Roll damage on the Thunderwave. 11 points of damage? Okay. Thunderwave (explosion noise) resounds off, and you see the gem crack in place, but it's still held in its current position in the wall. At this point in time, as you guys finish this, the ceiling begins to open into a tunnel above you, and acid begins to fill the room that both of you guys are in. Yeah, both of you guys. You did, yes. Yep. Right now, a person could climb through over top of the green wall. At this point, the way you've been leaning over and it is slopping over, you could probably squeeze them through. A bear, you'd have to push Winnie the Pooh-style, but it's doable. 18 hits, yeah. (shattering noise) The last gem shatters from the blast of the gun. Pieces of the opal scatter across your face, Keyleth. Not enough to cut you. At which point, the green stone wall behind you, (scraping noise) lifts up, revealing the room behind you. The one in front of you tries to lift up, and is caught because currently, part of the stone that lifts it up has been dissolved. Pike and Scanlan, you guys currently, in that room, suffer three points of acid damage as your side of the room is now filling up with acid. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add your wisdom check. It's not a wisdom save. Just wisdom. Eight? You use your Wall of Stone spell. You feel there is the stone surface beneath the bronze. You can sense, as the stone begins to push up from the whitestone beneath the bronze plates, and it (impact noise) hits, and it's not strong enough to force its way through. Both the bronze plating, and the wall itself. Roll a strength check to try to bend it away, if you want to. With the Heat Metal? You start moving it away. You're pushing as hard as you can. It's shifting, but it's going to take you another round to move it over. Pike and Scanlan-- You are, technically. That's only one point of acid damage to both of you because these d6 are rolling crap. But this is the second round because it's filling up, so it's two of those. And I rolled a one! So two points of acid, but you take one because you're halved. So two points of acid damage to you, Pike. You're now up to about waist high in this acid that's beginning to burn through and dissolve. Who's doing what now? Anything? Anyone else, or are you just waiting on these guys to finish with their actions? You mean the room they're in? You don't know, actually. Oh, you mean the one that was way back? That was quite a ways away. It's probably a mile behind you. Hold on, we can't hear you. Roll a perception check. Yes. Can we hear you, Ashley? There we go. Okay. Pike, roll a perception check. Okay. As the acid's pouring and you're looking about, you notice that the acid level raised to a certain point, and doesn't seem to be continuing. Actually, glancing over, you see the door that the Briarwoods left out of, behind you, is made of whitestone, and the acid that has filled this chamber, which is usually sealed off by the glass wall that has now spilled over through the ceiling, has actually dissolved through the bottom of the door. At this time, it's begun to subside, almost like the liquid that's coming through is not keeping up with the amount that is pouring into the hallway behind you. Laura, make another strength check. Okay. You just can't move it. At this point, the Heat Metal has burned your arms enough to the point where you're finding a hard time managing to keep your muscles together to move it. The doorway that's right there, about waist-high to you, has completely dissolved on the bottom. If you want to try, yeah. Okay. In doing so, Scanlan, you take eight points of acid damage, reduced to four because of your resistance. You go through and pop out on the other side in the hallway. It's a stone hallway, and the acid is currently dissolving the ground below, and it's sinking into the ground, China Syndrome-style. Looking up, you do see immediately to your right in the hallway, there is a stone square with a push plate. You saw Vax appear behind them and push something in that direction. Okay, you push it. As it clicks inward, you hear the grinding of gears and stone, and all of a sudden the tube that you're holding shudders for a second. The fluid begins to stop spewing forth. The rest of it begins to glide out, eventually coming to a stop as the acid stops pouring into the room. The door that you swam under lifts up. At this point in time, you see where the opals were on the sides, the portions that keep them housed? Slowly move into the wall, leaving these holes behind them, and the one in the ground depresses and disappears. As it does, the acid that's in the room begins to slowly drain out. Not currently. You guys smashed everything that was in the vicinity. You wait a few moments for the level to descend a little bit to the point where you can stand comfortably without taking any acid damage. As it drains over, there is that portion of ceiling now where it's pockmarked and destroyed, close to where the glass wall hits the ceiling-- As you're walking alongside the Briarwoods into a new chamber, you hear the words hit your ear and you can feel the back of your throat choking up as a part of you is urging you to run back. And as you stop instinctively in your step, the rest of the group walks ahead about ten feet before Sylas looks over his shoulder and says, "Keep up, please. There's work to be done." At which point, you feel yourself just continue stepping forward and catching up to him, because you wouldn't want to make Sylas angry. All right. How are you guys getting over, through? TALIESIN and Okay, so you take a few times. You want to just throw the rope over? You could, however you want to get the rope up and over the area, it takes a few tries but you get it on the other side. Oh yeah, you're flying, you just drop it over. It's fine. We'll say for the sake of brevity, a few minutes pass. You guys manage to get each one of you over, Trinket being the hardest point. Which, when Trinket reaches the top, it's like trying to fit an oblong object through a hole. We'll say it takes an additional ten minutes, but you manage to finally get Trinket through. That was straight-up Winnie the Pooh. I'm really happy about that. On the other side of the now pretty much ruined acid distillery, the residuum factory that was constructed here by the Briarwoods, you can see in the tunnel before you that most of the stone before you has dissolved, and there's certain levels of eroded stonework that descends about 30 feet before rockily climbing back up to the original height it was. It can be traversed, climbed with mild difficulty, but you gather yourselves to continue pushing forward and to both complete this journey and to retrieve your ally who is now currently under the gaze of your enemy. And with that, we're going to take a quick bathroom break. Quick break. Want to get back into this. See you guys in a second. [break] You guys all come up to the top, you look down and you see Percy still down, looking at his gun in a wide-eyed, spacey expression on his face. You climb up and out, you guys make your way down this tunnel, no more than 60 feet from where you are, before the chamber opens up before you into what is a large underground cavern. Mostly cleared out, it looks like portions of it are, you know, both the tunnel and this area-- You can if you'd like. Okay. So everyone go ahead and roll stealth. (laughs) Nah. It stays, unfortunately. All right, so, stealth rolls, plus ten to everyone's stealth. What was it? 26. Vex? Okay. As a median, the group does really well, so that helps overtake for your misstep. Looking around, you can see the boards and pieces of wood and stone that are keeping this hallway up, and as you step into this large chamber, it's dark and mostly freshly carved earth. Elements of earth have been taken out, and you can see to the right and left of you as you enter this chamber there are more and more chunks of that broken stone and large piles of moved earth that are in some levels of being left there or going to be moved out, or eventually were put to a point where it was no longer necessary to have to clear the area. You do see, on the sides of you, there are these iron carts, wheeled carts that have handles on them. Some have means of being pulled along separately. These carts were used, you can gather, for moving a lot of the materials back and forth. It's probably what the ramps in the previous rooms were also to collect. You can see there's a residuum dust coating on a lot of these carts, as well as broken pieces of whitestone. There's a few you could probably grab, yeah. Sure. Okay. Sure. You rub it on. Most of it falls off, as it's metallic arrow point to dust, but some of it does manage to stay on for the time being. Your holy oil is still active, those that you dipped your arrows in. However, as you look past the darkness, you can see in the center of this room a monolithic structure not unlike a large pyramid-type platformed element, and immediately upon looking at it, you can see this has to be the ziggurat that everyone's been talking about in Whitestone. You can see that the base of it is white, and is very much the same texture and color as all of the whitestone you've seen used in the construction and all of the mining materials here within the city, but from what little light you have in the room-- and there is a little bit of ambient light from torches set at different points, and those who can see decently at a distance, and there is an ominous glow to the structure itself-- it gradually turns to a greenish color. Hard to see exactly why this transition is, but it goes from white to a green towards the top, and it levels off. You can see what looks to be a small separate structure at the very top. There are long stairways that are visible on the two sides you can see before you long stairways. Everyone make a perception check. Okay. Vex and Percy as you begin to step out along the wall, and as you guys are moving towards the ziggurat, you can see through the darkness, there is a bit of low light along the edge of the pyramid, and you can see, halfway up the staircase, four individuals stepping up the stairs at a distance. It's more Aztec. It's not quite gargantuan. Approximately. I'd say the whole structure from bottom to high is maybe 200 feet tall. It's not extremely large. It's hard to see at this distance, especially with the very little light here. You can tell just enough, though, that there is some sort of roof, but you can't make any details out from this distance. This would be pretty close to where the Sun Tree is located, yeah. Where you're currently standing, there's very little to no light. If you're careful, you could possibly slip by their detection. Yeah. Okay. You glance at it. It doesn't seem to have any particular glow or connection. Especially since Pike made her arrival, it seems to be the energy of connection that was briefly housed in that symbol by her has transitioned to her form here. If you'd like to. Who's looking hurt? At this time, they're close to the top. It's just stairs. Pretty steep stairs, but stairs nonetheless. It is. There's a very little bit of light that's part of the ziggurat itself. Four sides. You can only see two. You would know that Sarenrae and Pelor are adjacent deities in this realm. They have many overlapping interests and both strive to light, to healing-- many spheres of overlap in those regards, so yes. Oh, man. They're probably a good 500 to 600 feet from you. They're at the top of the ziggurat now. Actually, at this time, they're just now cresting over and vanishing over the lip. No, it's smaller than that. I'd say it's about-- You raised up and you look-- What little source of light you can see, where the stairs stop, there's a level platform, there's some pillars, and there appears to be a secondary structure, a deep green, almost dark jade-type structure that is built. A square structure right there at the very top. You can still respond, if you wish. You still have your mind about you; you just consider the Briarwoods right now your closest allies, and they have to be protected. "Who are you talking to, lovely boy?" Make a wisdom check. I know. This isn't a saving throw. What did you roll? 13? Okay. You continue with the deception. You pushed through enough to guard the answer, as opposed to spilling the truth to your ally. She gives a, "That's not very welcome here. I would "not recommend that. Put it away." "Put it away. That's not welcome here." "I'm taken, my darling." Vax isn't with you guys. Vax is with the Briarwoods at the top of the ziggurat. So while they're having this discussion, you guys begin to ascend the steps as a group? So, how many groups are you breaking into? TALIESIN and Three groups. Okay. Gnomes in one, Percy and Trinket in one, Grog and who else? Keyleth, and you're floating above somewhere. Okay. As you all separate, the closest stairway to you, you would probably get there sooner. Who's taking that stairway? All right, and you three are going on this side? Okay, we'll say you're on this side. You could. It's not a bad idea. All right. As you begin to ascend the steps, a couple of things. One, you notice the structure is very old at its base. The whitestone itself is cracked and worn, weathered, and most of it is indeed made from the whitestone from the surrounding mountains of the Alabaster Sierras, mined ages and ages ago. As you get further up, you begin to see sections of it that are newer stone, areas that have been renovated and rebuilt and made to complete this apparently once-sundered structure. As you all begin to creep up past the midpoint, you begin to notice the color change. The whitestone begins to fade away as you begin to see clusters of that same green residuum glass is now set across, smooth, almost like the limestone of a pyramid, like a top layer to it. As you begin to get further to the top, eventually the entirety of the stone and the stairs are coated in this material to the point where there's even a little bit of slickness in certain places from the smoothness. It's like chipped obsidian, how it's flaked away and has those divots in it. There is that smoothness, that glass-like texture to it. As you begin to get towards the very top of the stairway, each of you carefully keeping in line, talking to each other quietly, you begin to see the central structure at the top of the platform begin to appear. It is a simple, four-walled structure made purely of this dark jade glass material. There's a slight overhang with a few platforms that seem to hold this, for lack of a better term, awning-type platform that hangs over the entrance to this. You guys are about to reach the lip. Is there any preparation you want to do? The building is entirely encased in this material. You haven't gotten to the very top of the lip yet. You see, as they're having this conversation, they talk a bit with Vax, speak with Cassandra, then they step forward and begin to open the two doors to the central chamber. You have your own opinion, you just trust them implicitly. They have to be protected. Like any close friend who would ask something of you and say, "please come with me," there is an essence that you're compelled-- You trust them, yeah. No, you guys have already separated. They've just opened the doors and are beginning to enter. Okay, as you're stepping up. Okay, what do you do to inspire her? All right. Looking up, you can see the roof is carved earth. There is no loose stone; it looks like this chamber has been carefully hollowed out over time. Currently? No, you cannot. Percy, what are you doing? As you put the mask on and you begin to ascend, you can feel the nerves tickle your belly and you know what you're about to encounter, and doing so, you feel that heat rise in the back of your neck, and as you do, (whoosh) the smoke begins to billow out from under your collar and out of your sleeves. Trinket coming slowly behind you. They open the doors and they're beginning to step into the chamber. They stop. Both Lord and Lady Briarwood look over their shoulder. They look at each other, (sighs) close the chamber door. Sylas reaches out and grabs something or pushes something that's out of sight, and then they both turn and begin to step forward a little bit, with Vax and Cassandra flanking them, stopping right outside of the doors. So you guys are on technically that side and that side of the pyramid right now. Yeah, the pillars are evenly spread around the entire chamber. You guys would have to have come around the corner, and this is the walkway here, so you'd be coming in from this side. Okay, over here? Up, up? My platforms seem to have gone missing for the preparation of this game, but we'll say for the time being, you are up here. "And apparently, you and your friends are obnoxious enough to not stay dead." (chuckles) "Well, perhaps this evening won't be so boring after all, will it?" And Sylas looks over to Delilah. Delilah gives him a look, too, and says, "Very well." Okay. So, as you release your hand and the smoke builds up at your fingertips and then shoots off and clings itself to her form, she looks down with a bit of a grin, half-laughs to herself as the smoke bomb gets lobbed. She begins moving her hands like that to begin casting a spell. With a holy arrow at them. All righty. It will take you a moment to get over to that point because you guys are just coming around the corner. So, first things first. Percy, you lob the smoke bomb. (thud, hiss) This area here fills with a billowing smoke. Yeah, it fills this area here. It's a 20 by 20-foot-- it's essentially a recreation of the Fog spell for a short duration. It fills that vicinity there. As the smoke fills, you want to Conjure Barrage into the smoke? Yeah. All right, roll for that. That it does. (cheering) We're going to grave. There we go. Proper Briarwood music. All right, so. I believe Uncanny Dodge, you just roll a saving throw, and if you make it, you take no damage. I believe so, yeah. Okay. Damage on that was? The holy is an additional 1d4 radiant damage. For anybody that would be affected by it. Yep. Nine. Not including the d4, right? So that's four damage to both Sylas and Cassandra. You take no damage from it because of Uncanny Dodge. All right, so roll a d4. Two. Okay. Two additional points of damage to Sylas. All right, and as the smoke begins to dissipate? No, that's going to be your go. Everyone now? Roll initiative for the beginning of the Briarwood battle. All right. 25 to 20? All right. 20 to 15? 16? All righty. Nope. 15 to ten? All right. 11, and Pike, what did you get? Sorry, Taliesin. All right, so Vex and Taliesin. At this point in time, Delilah steps this way, outside of the smoke, (coughs) moving out of the way. You can see, there is a slight shimmer around her form at the moment. Yes. She is going to begin by looking over to you, who threw that bomb at her, put out her hand, and say-- She stepped out of the smoke. In this area? Oh, yeah, so she would look around, get out of the way, look for you, sees nothing but a bear that has climbed to the top. Technically, it is. She looks very confused for a second. "Percy?" This Seeming spell has fucked everything up. (laughter) It's not big Percy. She can see a bear wearing a Percy costume, is how it looks to her. She actually looks around and sees the weird Percy, sees nobody else in the area-- she can't see you because of your stealth, even though the Conjure Barrage was in the middle of the fog cloud, it prevented her from keeping sight on anybody, and you're out of the way, so the only thing she can see right now is weird Trinket. Okay, good to know. She, not really knowing what to do, goes, "Sylas. Take this boon." She puts her hand out, and you can see a bit of dust form in there. She casts a spell on him. That ends her turn. And then she steps back into the side of the fog there. You don't know. Scanlan, you're up. You hear talking. You come around the corner? Okay, you're about here, so you can move forward. Okay. All right, you see her jump back into the cloud, and you unleash. Not with this pillar there, no. This pillar's blocking the way. Right now, you're only seeing her, at this point, since she goes into this fog cloud, so you can throw it in the direction she is, if you want to. You release the bolt of lightning. Roll 8d6 damage. You recall that lightning seemed to not have the impact it usually does. I would say, through all the thoughts and preparation for this fight, if you would like to rescind that, you would be ready to Lightning Bolt and be like, "Wait, no. That didn't work." Okay. All right. What's the saving throw on that one? And what is the saving throw? Is it wisdom? Constitution for Delilah. Yeah, she makes it. Rolled 18 plus three. 21. She vanishes into the smoke cloud that Percy had left. You can move a little closer if you want to. You can get there. No. Okay, that ends your turn, Scanlan. Vax, you're up. You trust them both, and right now, they've made an aggressive action against the Briarwoods. The next one you see, you're probably going to go ahead and try to make an aggressive action. You would try and attack her to try to convince her to stop the assault, probably. You've seen Percy. Scanlan you haven't seen yet. You're still inside this cloud. All you've seen is Percy. You didn't even see her strike at you, other than seeing the arrows flying in so you know it's her. Okay. Grog. You're just now coming around the side here, so it's hard to tell. You see a big cloud of smoke. You're not going to get any closer? You use double movement to-- To move right there behind the pillar with your back to it. Okay. That gets us to Sylas. Leaping out of the smoke, (whoosh) with an unnatural speed, Sylas, jumping in the air, pulling from the scabbard on his back a long, onyx two-handed sword you've seen once before. Leaps and lands right before you, Percy. He leapt out of the smoke. And has a really high passive perception. He leaps and lands right before you with this grin on his face, the blade out in front of him, and says, "Boy, you poke where you shouldn't." And goes in for three attacks on you with his blade. That's a natural two, so 12? Oh, no that would be 14? That is a 34? Oh, 24? And then that would be his turn, so two hits. You take 13 points of slashing damage from the first strike, and then you take ten points of slashing damage from the second strike. I need you to make two constitution saving throws. And make two constitution saving throws. Correct. Okay, and the second one? Okay. You feel as each strike of the blade cuts into your flesh, a portion of your body's strength is sapped from it. Your strength goes down by two. No, I mean your score. Not the modifier, your score. What is your strength normally? 12, so it's now ten. You see the energy fill him now. You used your movement and you held your action. You can now take your action. Okay, so as you're behind the pillar, you see him rush up and slash into Percy. You reach around and (throwing noise) release the axe, spinning towards him with the chain behind it. Not the axe, the hammer. That hits. 1d4. Okay. 16 points of damage on the strike. (impact sounds). It slams into him from the side. He looks over and you can see where it hit; there's a burst of radiant energy that's burning into his side. He glances down at you with a frustrated look. Go ahead and make your save to try and pull your hammer back. Okay. So that finishes that turn. Pike, you're up. You have to get within range of him though. You're on the opposite side of the battlefield, so, at full movement you'd be there; with the range on Healing Word, you wouldn't be able to get to him right now in time. 60 foot? Almost. He's 15 feet outside of your range. Unless you use your Sprinter's Boots. Okay. You are near Vax, yeah. You can. The fog obscures them; they have three quarters cover. You can still see their shapes in the cloud, it's not completely obscured. You can. So you rush up, around the pillar, clicking your Sprinter's Boots to give the distance, you rush up into the cloud, right into the face of Vax. And Vax, you look down at Pike, now aggressively coming towards you. Protecting Lady Briarwood, you pull your daggers out instinctively and look down at her with a look of "What are you doing?" You reach forward and reach out your hands against him. Let me check Restoration real fast. Let me see here, Greater Restoration. 5th level. Ends effects like charmed or petrified. As you reach out and touch him you feel the impact of the Briarwoods' influence fade from your mind. As she touches you, the charm is dispelled and you look at your daggers and look where you are and look at the moments and the last few minutes and you're like-- You know what, make a deception check. Okay. You back up into a defensive position towards Lady Briarwood. Okay, that's just from immediate reaction to that. Pike, do you want to stay where you are, do you want to use the rest of your movement to move back behind the pillar? Okay. All right. Vex, you're up. Okay, go for it. All right, that hits. Okay, those two hit. Okay. Correct. Yup. That hits. Keyleth, what was your initiative again? Yeah. Nice. All right, so as you're floating up above you pull back your arrow and inciting the magical enchantment of the bow, you release and as it does it (crack crack) crackles with energy and splits into three separate arrows that arc around each other almost like a helix of DNA. As they all streak downward they (impact noises) slam into Sylas from the other side him now being assaulted on all fronts. Okay. Well you're still out in plain sight. Unless you're pulling way, way back. If you want to pull back towards the shadow. Okay. So you pull further and further away from it. Go ahead and make a stealth check. Vanish into the shadow of the sky. You dart out of the darkness and then disappear back into it. All right. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Okay. Okay. Right, and you previously charged this-- Go ahead and make a melee attack. So this would be, I'd say-- I'd say make it dex-based because it's more of a quick grab on your end. Make a d12 plus your proficiency, plus your dex. So plus ten. It's plus ten. Yes, you got it. 22 will hit! So as you reach out and grab him in the front the energy pulses in front as it releases. Go ahead and roll 4d6 points of damage. Did not make his saving throw on that with a four. All righty. The shock charges through his dark armor he (groans). You can see that the dark veins pulse through his neck as the energy surges through his body. He slaps the hand away at this point and you can see the smoke and it's (hissing) off the armor. (growls) Okay. Hit. Okay. 23? Okay, it hits. Okay. You're bolting towards Grog. He's going to swing at you with the sword as an attack of opportunity as he does so. That is 21 to hit. All right. You take 17 points of slashing damage as the sword arcs across your back. You rush towards Grog on that side. Roll another constitution saving throw. Okay, you resist the effects of the blade now, having saved from it. That ends your turn. At the end of your turn, Sylas is going to go ahead and spend one of his legendary actions to get a free movement without provoking attacks of opportunity and shift up with an amazing speed to the other side of both. As soon as you rush over to Grog he appears up in front of you grinning with his blade at the ready, right next to you and Grog. That ends your turn. It's now Cassandra's turn. Roll a perception check, Percy. Nine? Roll a perception check, Grog. Okay. Seemingly out of nowhere, Cassandra appears from behind the pillar, blade out, shortsword at the ready, and attempts to jam it into the back of Grog. That is 21 to hit. Okay. 27 points of piercing damage. Slashing damage because it's a sword, but yeah, halved. 13 points of slashing damage from the sneak attack. That will end Cassandra's turn. Next up is Keyleth. Well, you've been waiting around the side here for everyone, so you're just now cresting around that corner. Okay. Sunbeam. Yeah, it will hit both him and Cassandra and Grog. All right, so a constitution saving throw, Grog. Cassandra makes it with a 21. 16. What's your DC? So full damage on Grog, half damage on Cassandra. I mean no damage. She's going to use her reaction to use Uncanny Dodge, so Cassandra takes no damage from it. Sylas is going to use one of his legendary resistances to automatically succeed on his saving throw, so he takes half damage. Oh, they had disadvantage on the saving throw, but he can automatically make it, so never mind. 23 damage? Okay, halved. He takes 12 points of radiant damage. So as you rush around the corner, he sees you appear again and gives you a look. As the beam of light appears, his eyes roll back in fear, and the blast (fire noise) streaks out, blasting into Grog, blasting into him-- Correct, but he has the ability to automatically make the saving throw, as a legendary creature. However, as the beam fades, you can see part of his face is burned to ash, and you can see where the lip is gone, the teeth are exposed, and the sharp fangs. Correct. All right. Okay, so that ends Keyleth's turn. Back to the top, Delilah. Delilah is now going to step out of the cloud, which is now dissipating at this point. Yes. Okay, as your reaction. 18 would hit her. Yes, it did. So roll damage on that. Okay. Roll an additional 6d6 poison damage. All right, so as you strike out, the blade scrapes across the front of her... shit, I forgot that. I'll keep that in mind for next time. The blade streaks across the front of her body as she runs past, (pained gasp) then you feel, as she takes a few steps away, (groans) and she coughs and blood spatters across the ground. She looks over her shoulder at you. (heavy breathing) She immediately looks back at you and says, "You boy, stay still!" And puts her hand out towards you. I need you to-- Nope! She looks over to you and mutters under her breath (foreign word). It's a phrase you've never heard before, but as soon as it happens-- You're just around the side of this. You glance around the side for three-quarters cover. Roll a perception check. Yeah, you do not see this happening, unfortunately. Your mind suddenly goes blank as the Power Word that's spoken suddenly stuns you in place, unable to react. There's no saving throw. If you have less than 150 hit points, you are stunned for the next minute. You have to make a saving throw every turn to resist it. So you stop there. Your daggers (clanking noise) drop to the ground as the smoke begins to dissipate around you. Just the cycle? (laughter) To Hold Person, okay. A DC of 19, you said for that? All right. She's going to make a wisdom saving throw. She rolls a 21. A natural 19 with a plus two. I know. But as the spell shoots out from your hands, it bounces off of her, seemingly to no effect. She is inherently a very powerful caster, and her defenses show that. Do you want to use your movement to move closer, or do you want to stay where you are? Vax is right there, yeah. Okay, that'll get you to about there. Okay! That'll end your turn. Vax, you're up. You spend your turn staring off into space. At the end of your turn, make a constitution saving throw. 14. Yeah, unfortunately you're still caught there, staring off into the darkness. Looking out over the rest of this cavern before you. It's a constitution, yeah. All right. Grog, you're up. All righty. Actually, real fast, before that happens, at the end of Vax's turn, Sylas is going to use one of his secondary legendary actions to move without his movement, again back over to this side of the pillar. He darts around. You can still move during your turn if you want to. But if you want to go after Cassandra you can. Okay. (laughter) That hits. That hits. 14 misses. 24 damage, on the first one? Okay. No, but as the hammer slams into her armor she gets slammed against the pillar from the impact of it. She tries to right herself and push off against the wall. You use the momentum to spin around and hit her in the other side, slamming her up against the wall on the side of the structure and you hear her breath escape and she goes (gasping breath). Is having to catch her breath. And she looks at you with this look of "That really hurt!" You want to move, or will you stay where you are? Okay. That ends your turn. It is now Sylas's turn. Sylas, looking over this way. He does not regenerate any hit points, because of the multitude of holy and radiant damage he took last turn, his regeneration is stunted at the moment. He has to keep away from Keyleth. He is going to, instead... he's in a rough place. Then he's going to move one, two, three, four, five, six... Nope! Actually, he's going to-- you know what? He's going to take it. He's going to go ahead and boldly step into the sunlight, which puts him at disadvantage with his attacks. But he is going to unload on you, Percy, who he marked previously. You marked his wife. So that is a 20? Second strike is-- two natural 20s in a row. With disadvantage, he still crits. Yeah, so with disadvantage he still crit. The last one is a 23. I rolled two natural 20s in a row. 14 points of slashing damage from the first strike. The crit is 27 points of slashing damage. And the last one is 13 points of slashing damage. Roll three constitution saves. Actually, ignore the last attack. Because technically, Lady Briarwood would have lost her concentration on the Haste spell she had on him from the damage she took earlier. Ignore the last attack. 13? All right, that does succeed. So you resist the effect of the two strikes. Okay. So that ends Taliesin's turn. Pike, you're up. How many times can you use Sprinter's Boots? Sprinter's Boots. How many times can you use it? Does it say on the item? How long does it last? Okay. You're now within 35 feet of him. For Healing Word it is, yes. All right. Exactly. You have to be right next to them. So go ahead and roll for the heal on that. 26, all right. What level was that? 5th-level Healing Word. All righty. That's a bonus action. You can still do up to a 2nd-level spell as your action if you'd like. If you want to! Well, 30 feet from Sylas and 15 feet from Lady Briarwood. Sacred Flame? Okay. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. So dexterity saving throw. He does not make his dexterity saving throw. 1d8 radiant damage. Not for damage. So just roll 1d8. All righty. Vex, you're up. You've got Trinket right here on the steps. And you keep Trinket here by the steps? Okay. All right. Yeah, you're within range. You're fine. All right, go for it. LAURA. Okay. 23 for the first? 23 hits. Okay. You do not have disadvantage. After you hit her, the effect vanishes. That is a natural 20 against her. Go ahead and roll damage. Roll damage, then double the dice roll. Okay, cool. So (arrow whizzing) the arrows both strike into her chest (pained grunt). The shimmering to her form vanishes for a second. You can see her cloak falls limp momentarily. She looks off into the shadow and sees you floating above. You attempt to hide? Right now you're just pulling in and out of the shadow? You shoot and you're going to have to try and back up even further. Probably out of your attack range to disappear again. You can try to get over this way, but you don't have enough movement to get there. You'd get about there and still be out in the open this turn. It's one of those things where you're just out in the sky right now. Initially, when there was the overhang and they were covered in the smoke, it was easier for you to hide in the shadow. But now you've made yourself known, you have nothing hiding behind you and her. You would be able to get right about level this turn, and next turn you could go beneath. So you would not be able to hide as an additional this turn. Okay! All righty. So that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Actually, at the end of your turn, Sylas is going to use another one of his legendary actions to make another attack on Percy. Oh, he gets three every turn. After every round, I mean. That will be-- he has disadvantage, so he doesn't crit. (laughs) But that is still a 30. SAM and He rolled a 19 and a 20. My rolls for him have been pretty good these past few rounds. So that's another 13 points of slashing damage against you. And make a constitution saving throw. Yep! And then roll another constitution-- 18? You're fine. Okay. Continue with your turn? No, he just has disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks. Okay. 25? Hits. 14 misses. Only one strike hits. Twice you pierce, he's just too fast, on one side strikes off his armor harmlessly. One strike does manage to get over the collarbone of his armor and pierce into his chest. He goes (groan) from the pain. Go ahead and roll damage. 12 damage, all right. That ends your go. Cassandra is going to-- actually, she's going to move alongside, still staying next to Grog. And moves up with her blade out towards you. Looks over at Sylas, and Sylas is nudging with his eyes. And she looks at you. And she drops her blade for a second. And just stands there for a second, looking at the scenario. And her turn is spent there. Keyleth, you're up. Yeah. You are currently 25 feet from him. There is a pillar between the two of them, so it won't go through the pillar, unfortunately. Go ahead and roll damage. He's going to use his second legendary action to automatically succeed the saving throw. 25, okay. So that's 13. This time, as you blast into his back you see the light burns through parts of his shoulder and chunks of his flesh are actually blown through his armor. His armor streaks open for a second. He's like, (pained grunt). Smoke is now sizzling up around him and he looks over his shoulder with this angry red gaze-- At the end of your turn, he uses another legendary action to then try and shove you off and arc upwards with his sword across the front of your chest. Even with disadvantage, that's still 19. All right. You take 16 points of slashing damage, then make a constitution saving throw. 17? Okay, you resist the effect of the sword. That ends your turn. Back at the top. Sylas right now is like (panting). He's looking pretty rough. Lady Delilah runs up around the side and goes, "My love, we're not ready, but the timetable's been pushed. We have no choice." And she wraps her arms around them and they both-- What's the range on Counterspell? 60 feet. (counting) She is in range! All right. (cheering) You're familiar with the actions about it, so you'd have an idea, yes. You don't know what level, no. At level four? All right. So I need you to roll-- She's casting it at 5th-level. For this, roll a d20 and add your charisma bonus to it. So plus five. You are. And with that, she grasps him. The Door begins to open, and then flickers. (cheering) She whips around, (growls). Okay. Yeah, that's going to end her turn. All right. With this, that ends her turn. Scanlan, you're up. Okay. Okay. All righty. No, it is not. You hold the rest of your turn? All right. Vax. Still left there, staring into space. This would be a constitution saving throw again, yeah. Still left there. Useless. Staring in the distance. Grog, now you're up. Actually, before that happens. At the end of your turn, he's going to use his third legendary action in this round to, without any attacks of opportunity, move. Yes. He pulls away, still trying to get out of the range of the sunlight. Correct. You could action and then you'd have your one bonus strike as a frenzied rage. Okay! So you move in, to there. Go ahead and make your attacks. You have disadvantage on these strikes, as her cloak has now kicked back in. 17 misses. First blow passes through her form harmlessly. So the first one missed, the second one missed? The first strike, with disadvantage. 20 hits. As this one actually finds purchase on her torso, the shimmering effect vanishes once again, the cloak falling limp to her side. 19. Okay. The hammer slams into the front of her chest, and she goes, (panting). She's starting to get almost feral in her frustration. (growls) She's angry. Correct. Yeah, the disadvantage on attacks against her has faded. Okay! Goes forward. Go ahead and roll for your spell attack against her. There isn't a cone aspect to it. Here you go, I'll pull it up right here. All right, this is the clenched fist? You make a melee spell attack. Roll a d20 and add your spell attack bonus. 16. As the fist (whoosh) towards her, she ducks and it slams into the pillar, cracking the stone slightly. From both of them? You are about 45 feet from Sylas and about 65 feet from her. All right, so that's the end of Grog's turn? All right. It is now Sylas's turn. Sylas is going to step off to the side here, stepping off to the stairs to get out of the range of the sunlight. Just outside of the radius of it. And, glancing over at you, after you just unleashed that swing of attacks towards his wife, he goes, "You. Help us." Make a wisdom saving throw with advantage. With advantage. What did you roll? With advantage? Wow. With that, Grog, now you realize you've been on the wrong side of this battlefield the whole time. And your allies are being assaulted by individuals that claim to be your friends but might be completely against this whole circumstance. Your allegiance switches for now to defend them at all costs. That's going to end his turn. Pike! That's a good notification to make. The charm effect hits your mind. This is why you read your abilities, guys. I don't remember all the details. As you see this look, you feel the influence begin to pry. But it isn't enough to push through the red and blazing anger-- With that, you see the expression of intent and some worry on Sylas's face, ending his turn. Pike, what are you doing? Just as a heads up, Destroy Undead, for the most part, is only effective against lower-level undead. Knowing that Sylas is a vampire, it might not have the desired effect that you're thinking it might. Just as a heads up. You can still Turn Undead and it may make him afraid of you. But that is-- All right. We're bringing this up here real fast. If you want to! So instead you run up, charging towards him, shield up in front of you. Pike, her blazing radiant form, the energy rippling off from behind her. You pull back your mace, and as it swings through the air, a quick flicker of angelic wings appear at your back as your mace swings down towards him. Go ahead and roll your attack. Yes, you can do that. Okay. War God's Blessing. Yep, when any creature within 30 feet makes an attack roll you can use your reaction to grant that creature-- usually it's against other creatures. Okay. War God's Blessing you can only use on other creatures, but you do have Channel Divinity Guided Strike, which you can use on yourself. It's essentially the same thing. You give yourself plus ten bonus to the roll. So you use your Channel Divinity Guided Strike instead? Okay. So that would bring you to 26? That would hit. Okay. All right, so you slam down onto Sylas with your Mace of Disruption. Go ahead and roll damage on that. He is considered an undead. Well you roll your damage, and it does an additional 2d6 radiant damage. 21 points of damage? Okay, as per the effect of the spell, he now has to make a wisdom saving throw, which he does succeed. If he failed, he would have been destroyed. However, on a success, he is still afraid of you. So he is now considered afraid of Pike. Disadvantage on all attack rolls. Until the end of your next turn. Awesome, Pike! Anything else you want to do on your turn, or is that it? No. Okay, that ends your turn Pike. Vex, you're up. You're going to shoot Sylas? Okay. 19 hits. Just barely. So the first attack missed? And the second one hit? 19 damage, all right. As the arrows (thud, thud), one hits the armor and streaks off and shatters against the green glass stonework of the top of the ziggurat. The second one strikes him in the back of the neck. You see a blast of radiant energy crosses his throat. He reaches up and tries to grab for the arrow, but the arrow itself is disintegrated by the blast of holy energy, leaving a gaping wound in the back of his neck. He's still standing, but you can see his form is now falling apart. Parts of ash are beginning to pour off his flesh. He's looking really rough. All right. That finishes Vex's turn. Unless you want to move? Stay where you are? From what you can see, no. It is open. Yeah. The pillar holds a slight overhang, so you can land on top of the overhang if you want. All right, so you land on top of the overhang, stopping there. Which blocks all view from beneath this line, there, but-- You could peek around if you want. Okay. Percy, you're up. Okay. Hits. No damage, but he drops his weapon? So with that, (bullet impact) the blade he was holding clatters to the ground before him, the onyx blade shining in what low light there is around this temple. Hits. Ten points of damage? As that bullet hits him (soft impact) you see he begins to dissipate. And then turns into a mist form in the space where he is. He is currently now a form of mist. You're ten feet from her. Well, you've already done two shots. No, because it has not come back to her. Okay. That hits. That's Cassandra. That's Briarwood, right there. Whew, nice. The shot (bang) blasts into the side of her face. You can see part of her jawbone is cracked as part of this, and her ear is blown off to one side of her face, (choked groan) and she cradles it to her side as (grunts). And this is all piercing damage, right? All of the dice for this roll. Roll the dice and then double it. Okay. This blast hits her in the side of the shoulder, and the cloak catches fire for a moment before dispersing, and you can see the impact. There's blood now seeping into her robe. She's looking rough, but you've noticed with each of these shots, the impact you're used to doing with these shots is not doing the full impact you would expect, especially with the force of these blows. Every shot you've taken on her in particular. That ends your turn? When do you reload, by the way? Okay. 20 to hit. This is with your minus five? Are you taking a sharpshooter shot on this? You rolled a what? Right. Okay. Yeah. Okay, so that does hit, yes. 22? Plus ten, so 18. All righty. Good to know. Over here? Sure. That ends your turn, Percy? Cassandra, seeing all this go down and having this crisis moment, picks up her sword, rushes over, and uses her action to pull out one of the potions that you gave her, the greater healing potion, and feed it to the ailing Briarwood. Her wounds close up a little bit. The ear wound heals over a little bit, and she wipes her mouth. "Thank you, dear. Sylas! To the ritual!" Keyleth, it's your turn. I guess in this particular instance I want to ask you How do you want to do this? (cheering) There's still a semi-visible form of his body, but in a mist form. It's trying to slowly escape off the top of this structure. Correct. Okay. Great. So. Looking over at Pike, already ready with her mace up in the air and the mist recoiling from her. You glance at each other, have that connective point, and as Pike brings up her shield, you bring back your Sunbeam and throw it towards the shield, arcing it in his direction as she ricochets the reflection of the actual sunlight back at him at the same time. As it sprays across, the beams themselves seem to form nearly phallic rays. (laughter) She, looking over her shoulder, still looking at him as she's called to him to go join in the altar room, the ritual room, looks over and sees his mist form. In slow motion, from her perspective, she sees Keyleth step forward, wind blowing around her, releasing this beam and watching him be disintegrated. Immediately, her eyes open wide and she screams out, "No! Sylas!" and you can see her whole body shaking now. The horror of seeing her partner, the love of her life, disintegrated before her. Tears immediately burst down her face, and her hands are shaking there as she screams out, "You can't! I broke the world for us! No." That's the end of your turn? Yes. At this point, you have no idea. Yours is fine. All right, does that end your turn, Keyleth? All righty. So, with that, it brings us to the top of the initiative round. It is now Lady Delilah Briarwood's turn. Looking around, heaving with anger and frustration, she looks around her area and the tears streak down her face, blood streaking down one side of her head. She looks at Cassandra, who right now is faltering. Seeing everything closing around her, she goes, "It's too "soon, but it's our only chance." And with that, she is going to step around here. She's still in combat with you, so you don't get an attack of opportunity. Keyleth, you do, if you want to try and swing towards her. No, you have to make a combat strike. No, this is just a melee attack. Okay! Roll damage. Crack! You hit her in the back of the head as she stumbles forward and looks about the rest of you. She is using her last 5th-level spell to attempt to cast another Dimension Door, out of the sight of the one who previously dispelled it. You have no visual on her. She is behind the pillar. This time, she knew where you were and was not about to let that happen again. She disappears behind the pillar, and you guys watch her step into the doorway and vanish from sight. She's still Hunter's Marked. You still have Hex on her, for as long as that lasts. The flight lasts for an hour. The potion lasts for an hour, and it's probably been about-- You currently? Yes. Make another constitution saving throw. All right, so as you guys all look around yourselves, Sylas disintegrated, Cassandra still holding the blades and looking around and is going from a fight position, almost like a cornered creature, to looking at the sundering of her brother and is looking completely frazzled and confused. She's on the verge of tears or a rage of her own. You look over and see your brother down below and is just standing there, his daggers dropped to the ground in front of him, and has been staring into space this entire time. Like that? Okay. Make another saving throw. Okay. You slap, slap. He's taking it. Cassandra is. Okay. You cast Remove Curse. Let me see. This is not considered a curse, so as the spell alleviates its energy into Vax, he still stands there, staring into space. Yeah, so a little time goes by and then eventually it wears off. Yes, she is. Yeah. You grab her, lift her. (choking noise) Drops her weapons as Grog takes her to the edge. At this point, with the damage she's taken and the mental shock she's in and the current circumstance, the one hit (whack) clocks her, and she goes unconscious in his grip. Limp. Do you have another level of that spell? Then you cannot. It's a 5th-level spell. Okay. All right. Bigby's Hand does last a minute, if you want to keep it maintained. The minute has passed at this time. It's probably going to pass. Okay. You can, yeah. It'll require a short rest to attune and get the nature of it, but it is a very beautiful new weapon. There is a brooch also left on the ground from the ashes left behind. Okay. These items will take a little time to look over. Okay. Just down. Correct. If you're looking inside of it right now? You glance over. It's an open-roofed square construct. There are two hallways that lead to the inside on both sides. The walls have a strange icy texture to them; it's hard to make out the details from what little light is in there. There is a central platform that rises up in the middle. There is a stairway on the opposite side of the room that leads up to that platform, and there are a series of grooves in the ground that form some sort of shape that you can't make out from this viewpoint. You do see Lady Briarwood atop that platform right now. A minor? A regular one is 2d4 plus two. Get up and over? Yeah, you can do that. Okay. It'll take you a while to do that. As you drop the rope-- Okay, you lower the rope. She's up on top of the roof. She lowers the rope and starts taking you guys up one by one. Vex, you do notice out of the corner of your eye as you lower the rope, there is a flash of greenish light from the center platform, and from the distance, you can see Delilah is up on the platform reading from some sort of scroll. She's about 80 feet from you. None of you guys can see her. Only she sees her. You guys are still on the ground. She's on the roof. You're the first one to climb up. She just lowered the rope, so you're finding your way up now. You haven't even seen her yet. You notice all the ice on the walls shatters and clinks to the ground. You can hear the sound of a million little shards of ice clinking onto the ground and you can see the walls almost seem like they're moving or writhing slightly. If you'd like to, yeah. Okay. What's your range increment for your longbow? I'll look it up under the equipment section in the book. It's 150 feet, so yeah. There's no serious issue there. You can go ahead. You have disadvantage on the strike. Because her image is still shimmering. 13. Arrow (whoosh) disappears into the darkness. Go for it. Okay, so if you want to come up to the top and start looking. 20? 20 would hit. There's a ledge that goes around the entire wall that encases this, but there's no roof. It's just an open square area. So you would get up to there. That would've been something to call before you shot her. Next attack you can, if you want. Roughly, yeah. 19 damage? Okay. Strikes her. The arrow hits and gleans off her. The damage, much like Percy's, is not quite having the full damage you want it to. However, as that hits, she reaches into her pocket and pulls something out. Percy, you get to the top there. Who's up next? All right, the rest of you gather at the bottom here. Trinket's going to have a hard time getting up there. Well, before that happens, as a reaction to that, she pulls something out of her hand. There's a streak of red light that arcs upward, and there's a slight shrieking sound as a familiar arcane blast hits, a Fireball bursts on the roof area around all of you. (explosion noise) I need a dexterity saving throw from all three of you guys up there. Nope. You mean to lower that damage by half? You can, yeah. Yeah. You failed the save. It's okay. All right, so saving throws for Percy? 25 for your dex? That's great. 16. All right, so you take half damage. That is 36 points of fire damage to you. That would be 18 to both of you guys. 18 points of fire damage. No, just to them. You took full damage. Okay, next person at the rope? All right. Keyleth, you make your way up to the top. Yeah. Okay. Misfire? The natural roll is still what counts for misfire, unfortunately. Okay. Pepperbox is broken. You will in a second. Yeah, unusable. You have one more attack. You'll get Bad News out. That's it. All right, with that-- Yes? What do you want to do? (giggles, sighs) We're running a little late. Trying to get through this climactic moment, guys. Apologies. Sorry, guys. I know. It's okay. I'll make it up to them. At this point, the scroll (fluttering noise) vanishes. She, as a bonus action at the top of this turn, gashes across her wrist and spreads her own life's blood across what looks to be this dark orb, about a foot in diameter, that's resting in the center of this upper platform. At the top of your turn, you can, as a bonus action. The dark orb in the center of the platform that she's currently on in the center of this room. It's half-embedded in the ground, and she scatters her blood across it. You can see her shaking with fear and trepidation during this whole circumstance. Make a perception check, those who are up top, by the way. Who's up next? Perception. Scanlan gets up. Those who got 15 or higher, you notice the writhing on the walls. The walls are encased in what looks like a tapestry of bodies. Hundreds of humanoid individuals that are woven into each other, each missing their left hand and/or left eye from their body, and they're all just squirming and writhing. Many of them are in various states of decay, and they're just moving after that ice that was encasing them had shattered. There's a low, weird moaning drone that's beginning to fill the room. The black orb itself is starting to rise out of the center of the pedestal, as well. Now, Vex, since you had the top of this, and Vax. What do you want to do? The center of the platform she's on. I'd say you're about 30 feet up. She's about 40 feet up. She's actually risen a little above you guys. 55 feet away. Of your daggers? What's the throwing dagger range? Then... 20/60, so yeah, you can still hit her. Okay. All right. Vex? Go for it. 23? Okay. That does hit the orb. Roll damage. Okay, the arrow streaks off and seemingly hits the orb. Splinters across the surface. Oh, it was the explosive one? Oh, okay. The arrow arcs off. Did you roll with disadvantage on that one because it is the explosive arrow? 15. The arrow whizzes past and slams into the bottom of the pillar. You see a muffled explosion and light flash, and it rocks the center a bit, but she still maintains concentration. She looks over at where it came from. The bleeding has finished. The orb is rising up and pulsing. Yes. No, she is well aware of you guys. Right now, as people arrive, I'm counting this. I'll probably do initiative after we finish this set. You can still fly if you want, yeah. 55 feet. We're getting to that now. This is one of those circumstances where you guys have been already in combat. This isn't a scenario where you got the jump on them. She's aware that you guys are there and she's just trying to finish this while ignoring that circumstance. Okay. All right, you three. You can certainly try. Her blood has already cast across the orb and it seems to have initiated whatever is part of it. There's not still blood pouring onto it; she scattered across it once. You can try. Okay. Roll a d20, add your wisdom modifier. Okay. Focusing from this distance, you try to-- The blood shifts across the surface, but there is some sort of power that's holding it to the orb. It is unmoved. I know. Scanlan? It didn't rhyme. It's fine. Okay. Okay, she rolled a 19. What's your DC on that? 19. Yeah, with the cone. (groaning) Percy? All right, try and repair it. Okay. That'll hit. Okay. So the (gunshot noise) blast from Bad News scatters through the air and slams into her side, and she's nearly thrown off the top of the platform from the blast of it. You can see blood streaking down her other arm now, and she has blood down the side of her face, down one arm and the other, and she's shaking in place on the platform. She sees you lifting towards, holding the robe to the side, and she's looking at the orb, and doesn't even seem to really know what's going to happen. There's this anticipation and fear in her eyes. Everything's been torn from her, at this point. She's a caged animal with nothing to lose. That finishes your turn. Taking her turn, she sees you rushing towards her. She extends her finger-- What did you roll? That is 4d4 plus four. What are you at? Okay. She extends her finger towards you with a look, and there's this point of recognition, this moment, where you're like-- I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Nope. Yep. It's not a weapon attack, unfortunately. Nope. 13, no. All right, so-- 45 plus 30. 75 points of necrotic damage. All righty. You're at one hit point. As your life force is suddenly sucked out of your body and you manage to capture what essence of your existence still holds you aloft. Drifting forward, almost toppling over in your Fly spell. At this point, she looks at her finger, frustrated. Glances at the rest of you, and looks forward at the orb and goes, "Come on, come on!" At this point, the orb is now shimmering, and the blood is slowly spilling over the outside of the dark onyx sphere. It begins to spin and spin and spin. You've moved up to this point. Now you're right at the edge. The orb suddenly shrinks in a flash of an instant, becoming this tiny speck, this little dark speck in the air, roughly the size of a dime. And that's it. She waits. "No, no, no, no! It can't be too soon. Please! Please." And she falls to her knees. She's staring at this dark speck in the air. The writhing walls of the room fall quiet again, all the bodies no longer moving. You, floating through the air? Your flight ends. You immediately plummet. If you want to. It's just going to paralyze her. No. So at that height, it's 40 feet. You fall. You take 3d6 points of damage. You know what? Roll acrobatics with disadvantage. You take four points of fall damage. As you slam down into the center of this. You're unconscious on the ground. (thud) You guys are up on this roof right now. Acrobatics check, go for it. Landing on your feet. That's as far as you get on your movement, right there. So you rush up. That's your full movement to get to her. You can't do anything else. Well, you can do a bonus action, but it's an action to feed a potion to somebody else. On the ground, you can't see her. She's 40 feet up on the platform. She's completely out of your visual sight. You're down inside this hand groove that's dug in the ground. Who's up next? Who wants to go next? You're on top of the roof. You're going to have to leap down to get to her. You're too far away. Actually, you could try a spell if you want to. You can try a spell if you want to. She's about 50 feet from you, at an angle. Okay. As you pull up your holy symbol and begin casting the spell, the divine energy seems to be pulled from your hand, and the spell has no effect. Do you want to stay where you are? Grog, you've gotten up now, with the rope, to the top. Anybody else want to go? Go for it. And you aren't forgetting your Hex damage on her, right? That hits. How do you want to do this? You're unconscious. The smoke billowing from your body, the essence of this creature whispering in your ear, "Now. Do it. Do it!" Bad News, freshly repaired, loaded. Okay. Roll damage. This is going to be a constitution saving throw for her, if she can survive this wound as (gun blast)-- the right or left arm, you said? Right arm. (gun blast) Blasts open, the bone exposed. The arm spins off and clatters to the ground behind her. With that blast, she falls backward onto the steps behind the platform. (impact noises) Falls off the steps, falls out of sight behind the pillar. You don't even see where she is. She falls out of visual range. You don't know. Acrobatics check? 18, okay. You land and take ten points of damage from the fall. All right. Trinket's trying to get in on this side. All right, Percy's gone. Scanlan, do you want to try anything? You'd have to get on the ground to do it. Okay, make an acrobatics check, yeah. 23. Okay, so you only take three points of damage from the fall. You don't fall prone. Okay, so going full movement from there, you can get there. Grog, full movement. Where are you going? Vex? Okay, that would get you right there, with your movement. And then Keyleth-- You will have to go around and go up these steps to get to it. With full double movement, that will put you about there. All right. Yeah, you pop off the vial, you go and pop it into her mouth and take the vial away. There doesn't appear to be any effect. Make a death saving throw. You're okay for now. Neither. You can't tell from here. You're too far, and the doors are on this side and this side, and they were closed. Okay. It takes a couple of tries, but you manage to get to the 40-foot top there. Make another death saving throw. 17 points of damage from the fall. 17 points. You manage to get her up to the top. Grog, you're the one who has her right now? No, you pulled her up onto the roof. Try on the roof. Okay, you go for Cure Wounds. You pull up your holy symbol and put your hand to her. Nothing's happening. (cursing) Make another death saving throw. What are you guys doing? She's on top of the wall here. She's been lifted out by Grog and Percival. Okay. Roll a climb check. Roll athletics. 15? (grunts) You get partway up. You climb over bodies. You're using the bodies on the wall to climb up. You can move up and do it, yeah. He doesn't even pay attention. He bolts past, towards the wall. He's already out. You get up there. That's your full turn. You want to do Divine Intervention? Okay. Go ahead and roll. Roll a d10 and then another d10, and let me know the numbers in succession. You are what level? Unfortunately, that just fails. Okay. You're on the same side as them jumping down now. They would come down to meet you. We'll say now you've managed to climb up towards the top. You grab her and bolt off the side. There's going to be 14 points of fall damage to you as you land because right now you're not carefully landing. This is just clutching her and jumping off. You, make an acrobatics check. 20? Okay. You manage to take only two damage from the fall. Make another death saving throw. Three times. No, you succeeded-- Three times. Yeah, so with that, as you're carrying her there, there's a moment where all of a sudden, Vex's eyes open and (deep breath). Vex is sitting there, looking around, confused, catching her breath in Grog's arms as he's bolting down the steps of the ziggurat. Make an arcana check. 19 total. You have no idea what this is. You haven't seen something like this before. You inspect it very closely, and it's literally like the sphere has been shrunk to this size. You look very closely and it looks like it's spinning impossibly fast in place. Make a strength check. They're just limp. Still in the tapestry, arms fallen. 11? Doors aren't budging. Okay. Strength check. Okay. You run up to Vex as she's in Vax's arms. Once again, the spell slot is expended, but no magic seems to appear. There is some sort of blockage or void of magic use in this vicinity. 19? (impact noise) The doors slam open from the force of Grog's foot, opening the passageway inside the room. No, that's passed, for now. Sure. You eventually make your way there at a full run. You run around the corner and you can see her. She is on the ground, unconscious, sitting in this carved hand symbol in the ground. Okay. Make a strength saving throw. As you take the glass and jam it in there, the glass, in what seems almost like slow-mo, seems to crackle and shatter like brittle stone, and immediately vanish into the darkness. As your hand gets to that point of no resistance, you feel this immediate, extremely strong suction begin to pull towards your hand, and you yank back with all your might, suffering 18 points of damage as you (grunts) pull away from this small spinning orb. Still just sitting there. A little speck in space. Okay. Okay. Okay. As you're holding her in your arms, what's everyone doing? So as Grog rushes down the steps of the ziggurat, clutching the unconscious and bleeding body of Lady Delilah Briarwood. Vax rushing behind, carrying the barely-conscious, limp body of Vex'ahlia, the rest of you racing out. You, your hand bloodied from the terrible force of whatever that was. You go charging down the steps of the ziggurat. Is anyone taking Cassandra, or are you leaving her behind? You reach over and pick up Cassandra, put her over your shoulder, and you begin racing down the front of the ziggurat steps. You stay behind? Okay. Okay. They all begin to step down the bottom of the stairs, except for Vax, who begins running back up the steps towards you. As you focus your attention towards your earthen core and triggering the transformation effect, nothing happens. It's a magical transformation. As Vox Machina charges down the front of the steps of the ziggurat, we'll call that for the night. (groaning) She'd have been dead instantly and then come back as a zombie in the next round. You would have been dead. That went a little longer than anticipated. Okay, guys. Thank you all so much for your patience, for your diligence, for watching this extremely-- Long, dark episode. We'll see you next week. Is it Thursday yet?