Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around playing Dungeons and Dragons and say inappropriate things before the camera starts. Anyway, we have back in person our illustrious rogue, Vax'ildan. Happy to have you back. Let's get through our announcements quickly so we can hop into the game, because we have a lot to discuss. A lot of things to see. A lot of places to go. First and foremost, if we can give an awesome shout-out to our sponsor Loot Crate. Once again been awesome to the show. Once again, they have their theme this month. Sam, did you want to say a thing or two? It's true. It's true. If that $3 can buy you a six-inch sandwich at an undisclosed location where sandwiches can be constructed, purchased by artisans. Thank you so much, Sam. You did great, Sam. That was wonderful. Taliesin, you're handling it next week. All right, next announcements. Two weeks from now, the first Thursday of September, I myself, Marisha, and Taliesin will be out of town. We'll be in the middle of the desert. However, the rest of the crew here will be playing a one-shot game, dungeon mastered by our wonderful, recently proven skilled dungeon master here, Liam O'Brien. Somehow in the canon world of Exandria. So we'll see how that plays out for you guys. I'm really excited to see what you pull together, man. So that'll be fun. So look forward to that in a couple of weeks. We'll be thinking of you guys while we're not here, but watch this guy be evil. It's going to be great. Anything else anyone wants to discuss? Can I also point out today that the official World of Warcraft Twitter made a Critical Role joke? Someone sent them a piece of fanart that had a Jaina and an Illidan talking, and the Critical Role, or the response to me from World of Warcraft, was the Legion is coming towards you. How do you want to do this? That made me happy. So let's dive in to tonight's episode of chaos and heroic whim. Out here, we dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] You then gathered hands and through the magical capabilities of Keyleth, the druid of the Air Ashari, you managed to Plane Shift the rest of the party back to Whitestone itself. Speaking of which-- All right, and I also need Scanlan, Percy, and Grog to roll wisdom saving throws. You get to reroll a saving throw? Yeah, you may. It's a magical effect. Okay. No. As the portal shifts closed behind you, you all step out into the center of the Whitestone city square. You can see behind you the Sun Tree where you guys left originally. It is midday. Clouds are high in the sky. Little breaks where you can see beams of sunlight coming through. Looks like there's a darker rainstorm coming, probably in the next half-day or so, off in the distant northwest, and there are now townspeople looking about at the group of you guys. Keyleth, Scanlan, Vex, and Vax returning, your mind feels a little fuzzy, but overall nothing seems to have affected you. You're glad to be back. Percy and Grog, you are very confused how you got here and not quite sure why nothing has happened since you gathered here as friends. Yes? As far as you guys know right now, you guys are still waiting. You would've had it with you. You would've definitely had it with you. And yeah, she does. This is-- this is a way to do it. All right. All right. Percy, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. What is your spell DC? Is this with the cone? Scanlan, is this with the cone? Scanlan, how do you modify his memory? Because at this level you can alter the memories of an event that took up to seven days ago. But you can only modify ten minutes of it. Yeah, go for it. Scanlan. It's been close to a week in the Feywild total, all the nights you've rested. Correct. No, he'll remember ten minutes that you plug in right now. And remember, as truth, whatever ten minutes he hands out. This spell is one of my favorite spells in the game. It seems the awkward curse of the Feywild has set into a couple of your allies. No, you would have no idea. Your studies aren't extensive on the Feywild, and the people that may know, partially, are suffering from the circumstance. No, a little bit. But you guys weren't heavy studiers. You weren't the most studious children. For certain things. You're in Whitestone, currently, yes. Trinket licks the side of your face. Nuzzles you as you walk towards the castle. (laughs) You can. Scanlan, make a deception check. Seems legit, and a part of you is disappointed that you can't recall this memory. But even just them speaking of it is almost half of the fun, so. And you look through the pages and there are sketches you don't remember drawing. As you guys approach-- Make an intelligence check. One of you guys can reach in there and get it if you want to. I just want to see if he can. Unfortunately, your lack of imagination is finding it difficult based on the words you were given to formulate enough of a solid creative thought. He barely knows what a dog is at this point. And there you have it. The onyx mastiff is there before you. It can also see invisibility. That's why it's a good guard dog if you-- It's part of the enchantment, yeah. As you guys make your way towards the castle, there's a small group of figures. You see three armored Whitestone soldiers with one figure following them. Different outfit, looks to be simple dark blues and grays. Dark skin, short dark hair, carrying his crossbow at his side. As you make eyes, you immediately recognize this as Jarett. Jarett is coming down and he sees. "Aye, friends, it has been a while. I'm so happy to see "that you survived. It's been a while. Is everyone okay?" "Aye, most better part of a week." "Yes?" "I don't know why. It's a strange question." (laughter) "More confused by the question, but it's fine. All right." "Well, (sighs) let's just say better for the time being." And as you look up, what you didn't notice before when you saw the clouds is there's this slight light blue hue to the entire sky. There's this very faint shimmer to it. And he goes, "Ah, the barrier is now up, which is "good. As soon as they finished that, Allura, Drake and Kima all left to find information on the green dragon." "I did not inquire as to the location, but they said they should be back in the next few days." "It's three days ago? They were hoping to get insight on Thordak's current situation while "we amass as many armored folks here as possible and continue to reach out for allies. I think that "is the main goal right now, is to find as many allies as we can. It was interesting to put a "stake into this fight." "Well, we're building whoever we can in this vicinity. There's not many. At the very least, "defend, in case this ends up falling." Welcome back. Slight little technical issue there. We're going to roll back in. Little bit of information, step into the moment. As Jarett has walked down the steps of Whitestone and began a conversation with Vox Machina about the current situation here, he says how, "Currently, Allura, "Kima, and Drake are off trying to find information on the green dragon, Raishan, and trying to "discover what best can be done regarding the attack on Thordak in Emon. Here, I am doing the "best I can to build what armed forces we have at our disposal, and we're trying to reach out to "bring whatever allies are willing to put their stakes into this battle. But yes, this is a "monumental task based on my own experience, and I'm doing the best I can. But bear with me, it's--" "Thank you, I'm glad somebody does. Asum actually just arrived here. About two or three "hours ago." "As were we. Last we heard from Gilmore that he disappeared with Tofor within Emon after the attack." "Shaun is still in the city. I believe he's actually up meeting with Asum and Cassandra right "now in the castle." "Certainly. Well, if you need me, I'll be around. Just--" "Yes?" "None of us have seen the dragon. None of us know its whereabouts, and attempts to scry have "been balked. I do not know." "It's all right. I believe there is information on the whereabouts of the white." "I do not know. That is more for what they hold at the castle." "Yell loudly if you need me." "It warms my heart to see you all safe." He gives a little salute and a smile, and continues with the other guards back towards the center of the city. As you guys ascend the steps to Castle Whitestone, you enter the large gates that slowly creak open as you come to the familiar interior. You can hear the voices echoing in the distance from the nearby-- what was once the guest dining area of the castle has now been converted into a war room. As you approach the outside of the doors, they're partially ajar; on the inside you can see your sister, Cassandra, sitting at a table. Gilmore is leaned back, arms crossed, tugging on the end of his chin goatee, and you see Seeker Asum currently facing towards Cassandra. They're in mid-conversation right now. As soon as you enter the room "It is good to know that you all "survive, as they've told me." As he turns and looks towards you, you can see the side of his face that has all the heavy tattoos now bears heavy acid scars that have blended the tattoos into the scarring. It's not a very pretty sight, but he seems to at least be in one piece right now. He still has his thick, hooded cloak around his shoulders, and where normally he has a shaved head, some of the hair is growing in in areas that can grow hair based on the damage to this side of his face. "What happened to me is I made out a lot better than many of the people there that day. "This-- I'll take this." "It's fine. I've had worse. Trust me. Come, sit." Cassandra sits up. "My brother." She comes up and gives you a big hug and holds you for a second. You do. And it is. Its scent has faded a bit, but you all still are not in the most presentable means. However, the conversation's dire tone seems to be enough where no one pays much mind to it. As you pull it out, they all step back. Gilmore leans forward. "Very good." "I would love to have a look at it." He takes it. As you hand it to him, it actually curls around the back of his hands and whips back into a strong, tensile stance, and he-- "That's weird." He takes it and starts looking over it as Cassandra looks back. "I'm glad you're all safe, "and apparently named. Welcome to Whitestone, Lady Vex'ahlia." She takes it, folds it. "I'll have this put in the books immediately." "I will request more information soon." "Anyway, have a seat. Asum, please, inform them of what you've been telling us." As you all find a seat, he sits there quietly, his eyes darting around in his head, ruminating over the thoughts and trying to formulate his presentation. He crosses his fingers in front of his face. "Things are a bit of a mess within the city. None are allowed to leave. Living under the watch of "the wyvern guard, hundreds of lizardmen worshipers of Thordak have been watching the city from above. Some "have tried to flee beyond the walls, but ultimately end up being returned at the end of a "set of talons and not seen again. Thordak calls a gathering every dusk of the surviving populace. "Tens of thousands forced to come and gather at the center of the remnants of the Cloudtop District. "He gloats, instills fear in all that behold this, and offers forgiveness to those who offer fealty "to him. All are to cheer his name, applaud his statements, and thank him for his mercy. Those "that fail to do so are pulled from the crowd by his lizardmen and devoured by the beast himself, "lined up to the slaughter as a show. And there is laughter from the beast that pushed them into his "maw. Most of the wealth of the city is now amassed in the ashes of the district, forming a massive "wall of shiny chunk and coin, like a nest around the fucking beast. He's enslaved a number of the "greatest sculptors of the city to begin making his likeness in the surrounding stone. They chisel "away at the tall, proud walls of the interior, showing his terrible face where it does not "belong. A vain fucker. He's crazy, that one. What's more dangerous than an intelligent dragon "than one who's crazy? I've been keeping an eye as best as I can. Thordak gives direct orders to his "wyvern guard often, some off to communicate, I presume, with the other members of the Conclave; I "know not. I've been stuck within the city. Most survivors stay indoors. I've been working with the "Clasp, believe it or not, to shepherd over a thousand people below the city streets for "protection. The lesser of two evils, to be sure, but at the very least, at the moment they have "nothing to gain by working against us at this juncture. Naught but six hours ago, the Cinder King "was roaring in anger, his cries echoing through the streets. The people fell to their knees, "thinking this was the end. Stepped up from his volcanic throne, and sent the majority of his army "eastward. I used this distraction to slip into the now-unguarded Lyceum, find a port scroll and a "sigil for Whitestone before they returned. Came here to see all of you alive, so that's the best "news I've had in weeks. That's the best I have to bring you about the current state of the city." "That's our home." "Kymal. Westruun. Technically, here." "I was the only one who could make it into the Lyceum unseen. Tofor is still back there, "fighting the good fight. She's working with Shenn. They're trying to get as many below ground as "possible, and out of harm's way." "I haven't seen it. I've been within the city walls." Sorry. He sent a majority. "That's all I've seen." "I had to use that time to get to the Lyceum. Usually it's too heavily guarded." "I've done so little. There's more to be done. But the more time that passes, whatever it "is they're planning, I'm sure is getting closer to fruition." He looks over and Gilmore steps forward, sets the bow down, and says, "First and foremost, "this is a glorious piece. I could only hope to eventually create something of its majesty." He hands it over. "A bit creepy in ways, but I think you'll make good use of it. Once we complete the "barrier and put quite a bit of concentration each day into maintaining it, of which Pike has been of "great aid to me, between the arcane and divine magics, I think we found a fine balance. "Hopefully. But anyway, I've been putting the rest of my energies towards trying to procure this "information. The green, Raishan, as I believe you've told me, eludes my watch, my gaze. There is "a lot of protection around that one. I get the sense that of those in the Conclave, she is "probably the most trained in my arts." "I think she's on a lot of people's shit lists. Mine as well. The white, however. I know "not its name, but I was able to look towards it. I was able to find it sitting amongst a large pile "of rock and rubble. Looks like a fallen city, crumbled and destroyed. From what I saw, there "were smoldering ruins, toppled landscapes of buildings and temples, arcane crystals crashed and "cracked, deep inside a ravine. There, the white dragon perched, setting up this slow-rolling "winter amongst a shivering horde of dragonborn." "What remains of it." "That was days ago." "I need to be careful when doing this." "From what I could see, yes." "Oh, yes. There were many survivors, but they were not in the best of states." "The very essence of each ancient wyrm, if you will, carries with it its own element. It "slowly transforms the landscape around where it takes up its new den. If it seems to sit atop the "remains of the once-proud Draconia, then it now falls under the icy grasp of the beast." "I could not look that deep. My apologies." At this point in time, you guys hear heavy footsteps heading up from the lower floor of the castle. You hear two voices shout out, "Lady Cassandra! Lady Cassandra!" They enter the room real fast. You see one man, probably in his mid-20s or so, sweat pouring down his face, his eyes wide. "My lady." At that point you hear, echoing outside of the castle, this loud, piercing, shrieking roar. (roar) It's distant, but even at that distance, it is loud. You look back, and even in his most damaged state, Gilmore had an essence of confidence, and this is a moment where you've never really seen him so pale. "We're about to find out, aren't we?" "In due time. Keep it at the ready." "We can certainly try." She turns to the guard. "Gather everyone we can. Gather--" And there's another roar from outside, this time louder still. "Go! Now!" Everyone starts rushing down the stairs to the outside of Whitestone Castle. Are you guys exiting the castle now? As you step out into the front open patio area, just outside of the castle's main gates, you look up and that faint blue shimmer that encases-- and you can now see it as a dome, and it comes down around, just directly around the city, closing at the very outskirts of the castle. You look in the distance as you see a few dark shapes growing larger and larger. I need you to make a perception check, all of you. All right. Vax, Keyleth, and Percy. You guys glance off and you can see there are a number of shapes. It looks to be probably two, three dozen large winged entities flapping. You can't make out too much of the detail of their form, but you can definitely see some sort of aerial transport with large wings. At the forefront of them, you see one far larger than the rest. While you can't make out the details at this distance, the one thing you do catch is the bits of sunlight that peek through the clouds, hitting the side of its hide. A bright, piercing white color. You see it coasting at an angle around the outside of the city, making its way very quickly towards the outskirts of the town. The guards are already running down, by the way, based on Cassandra's orders, and are making their way towards the city. You can already see people coming out of the streets and looking up, covering their ears. Some people are falling to their knees and crying. (whoosh) You now see the dragon and the flying horde have just come within a mile of the southern portion of the city. Okay. What order are you guys rushing down in? You guys are looking down at the wide, 60-foot earth path that leads down from the base of Castle Whitestone into the city itself. All right, so we have Percy at the front. Okay, Grog's right behind Percy. You guys are now on ground level. You're above on the grade that leads down into the city itself. Okay, so you're on the broom. They're now curving around the outside of the western side of the valley. (roar) Echoing through the valley. You watch as the entire crowd of these entities flies around the west side of the city, curves past. The shadow of the light of the sky, you can see the dark, heavy shadow of the dragon and the wyverns pass over the western side of the city. You can hear distant screams as people begin to freak out at this. It passes over the western side of the city, flying right towards the castle. Arcs past the castle, over the forest, and the entire cluster slowly flaps down and lands at the southernmost beginning peak of the Alabaster Sierras, just north of the city. The dragon (crash noise) lands. Right now, they're looking in all directions, actually. Okay. It's going to take you a while, but you begin building this cavern. You guys all begin scattering, grabbing everyone you can. The guards are starting to gather people, and as you get the word out, people begin to quiet, holding their mouths. The guards are holding people silently. People begin ushering en masse up towards this giant exodus from the city, pouring like a funnel up this walkway to the base of Castle Whitestone. Keyleth, as you're down there, you're pressing. The dirt itself is slowly molding its way into this large cavern, pressing downward further and further and opening, further down and opening. You get about three platforms down before the earth stops responding. All right. You start creating all these various things, and people start ushering in. It's getting to the point now where there's so many people. You hear crying children, families pressed in, you're feeling claustrophobic and the room's getting hotter and hotter the more bodies that are in there. You keep concentrating and pushing the earth out. You can feel the sweat beads pouring down your face, concentrating, concentrating. You hear the crying and sobbing, and people trying to comfort those that are freaking out. Every now and then you hear a distant echoing cry, a scream of a dragon in the distance, and everyone in the room tenses, and the sobbing gets even louder, then hushed again with whispering silence. You keep pushing and keep pushing, opening. You guys all begin to gather the rest as you watch, with that final cry, the dragon and the wyverns pick up (whoosh) and swoop towards the center of the valley, arcing to the west, and do a wide sweep of the mountain range. (flapping wings) Gilmore has been bringing people en masse down to the castle. You haven't seen him for a number of-- probably 15, 20 minutes or so. The dragons coast around, and begin to disappear in the southeastern distance where they came from. You do, at this point, catch Gilmore, who has moved to the top of the castle and is currently, arms out, concentrating, pouring all the energy he can into that barrier. He eventually comes down from the top of the castle. He is-- eye sockets are sunken. You can see he's pouring with sweat. "I'm going to need a spa day. Because I'm done." You guys find Pike. She, during this whole period, was over by the temple of Pelor that she was helping right and construct. Going over and finding out where she's been placed, you guys see that she's shepherded in a good 200 people into that temple, and has been keeping them divinely protected the whole time. As soon as you approach the outside, the people begin to slowly disperse back into the city. Pike walks out, looking out to the sky and locks eyes with you. "You're back!" Runs up and gives you a big hug. Jumps into your arms at this point. You catch her, and realize how heavy she is with the armor on, put her back down. "Guys! Hi!" "That was mostly him. I've never done something like that before. That was-- everything "okay in the Feywild? I'm sorry, I lost my connection. We had to finish this ritual." "Don't be. I'm glad you're all okay." "Yeah. We were--" "You don't remember?" "Why is that?" She walks up and takes a look at you, walks up to Grog. Has a good look at the side of your head, knocks you in the temple a few times. "There's nothing... physical. I'll try a restoration." She would have, let's see here. Yeah, she's going to try Greater Restoration. Let me check something here real fast. So Pike reaches up. The gauntlets begin to glow, and as she touches each side of your temples, your eyes close. As some of you watch this, Grog's eyes flash open, and where his pupils and the whites of his eyes were, you now see a flash of divine golden orange light. As it fades, you are slammed with a series of memories that were previously taken from you, and you recall every moment in the Feywild. "No, I can do it once more." She walks up to Percy. Yeah, you have overlapping memories. So she reaches up and you bend down. She takes your glasses off. Hands them to Vex. Reaches up and touches the sides of your temple. "Now, "concentrate." Close your eyes, and there's a burst of warmth towards the front of your lobe, almost like someone's dipping your head into hot water. And with that, there's a smattering of memories that are rushing into your mind. It takes you a moment. Your head swims, and you have to almost sit down. You almost stumble off your back foot as your brain now has to reorganize those lost moments. Seven days now immediately restored. You would remember the spell being cast. You remember the fake memory, but you're aware that it's fake. Oh yeah. "Did it work?" "Glasses?" She takes the glasses, and as you're resting, she takes your hand away from your head and puts them back on. People begin to emerge, and where once there was this air of tension, fear, and desolate acceptance of the end, there's laughter. There's smiles, and even more tears as people begin to realize they have another day to live. There's a stillness and a slow understanding and nodding. While everyone takes in the information, one young woman, smeared dirt on her chin, dried tears on her cheek, steps forward and goes, "Thank you. Thank you." And everyone else starts saying, "Thank you. Thank you. Thank you." This sea of thank-yous begins to spread through the crowd immediately in your vicinity. They all quietly go back to their silence and begin to slowly disperse themselves throughout the city where they were before this incursion happened. Keyleth. Asum has caught up to you now as you guys are walking back to the city. You can see him. He's still, eyes to the sky, not truly trusting this quiet. He goes, "It seems we don't have any "time to lose. What resources do you have to fight back? What have you learned? Please tell me you "have better news than I have." "What more do you need?" Sure. Yeah and it's a squat shimmer, not a full dome and it's like a very extended type dome. It's high enough where you can get about 80 feet up and you start to see enough detail in the shimmer where you're like, "Okay, I'm getting close." They are gone. The time has passed. They're miles and miles and miles and miles and miles at the speed they were travelling. You're a good shot, but I don't know if you could arc an arrow that far. Correct. Or see through it as it's fired, the minute it leaves the bow you can project your sight through the arrow for up to 10 minutes. No. It still arcs like a regular arrow. They were heading southeast. They swooped in from the west, from that side. Correct. However, it was Vorugal, it was the white dragon, which from what Gilmore is saying has been roosting over at the top of the ruins of Draconia. It's over on Wildemount. Using for dragons, I assume, right? Yeah. I would say as part of your Primeval Awareness-- Yeah. Sensing at this point, with the day of travel and everything, you have no sense of dragons in that direction or anything. Yeah, there are minor essences in the northern area, but nothing beyond what you've already sensed in the Alabaster Sierras. Nothing on the level of strength that the draw of an ancient dragon would bring on your radar. "All right." "Do we have any other allies, friends, people who are sworn to aid us and--?" "I think they would understand it would do them well to help what is a threat to all of us." "Not going to count on that one." "Wait. So the last time we saw the main portion, the bulk of Emon's army from Fort Daxio was "sent to Syngorn before this attack happened?" "Do we have any knowledge on their whereabouts?" "They're there?" You did see quite a few soldiers from Emon there. That's okay. You did have a lot to think about with your dad. "Well, I have been dealing with them and definitely-- they're not much of an army, but "they're definitely good at acquiring information and I currently have a few of them trying to find "out as much as they can about Thordak." "That is good to know. Well, any more that come your way or any possibilities you have to "bring more to our cause, please, do so." "Good, well keep tabs on those you've found and any possibilities of others, especially those "who have... I don't know, more of these Vestiges that you speak of, or armies at their disposal. "Big weapons, anything. I'll take anything at this point really." Asum thinks to himself and goes-- "I can do that. Definitely. We can find a way to get that information. There are a number "who have sworn allegiance to Thordak and, you know. Some folks who don't see honor but the necessity "to stay alive override any sort of previous friendships." "Good to know. I'll look about planting that information. I'll do the best I can in that "regard. I've been told that you've already felled another of the Conclave, is that correct?" "That will certainly stir some attention from them." "Just be warned fell one dragon, that might make them nervous. Fell another and that's almost "certain to bring retaliation." "Well, the next wyrm you decide to fell will probably be the start of this war." "Have any of the living ones seen you?" "Have any of the living ones seen you and know you for who you are?" "Then it is very possible." "You're more than welcome to." He's sitting down, wiping his brow with this really fine scarf. Jarett catches up, by the way. (panting) "Is everyone all right?" "Everyone seems to be safe and accounted for. There was a lot of fear, of course, but "elation, whatever you did." And he looks at you and looks at Shaun. "Whatever you did, keep doing "it, please." Make an insight check. It's hard to read that fella. Slippery. You may. 21. Totally. Gilmore stands up and catches the edge of Vax's shoulder. "All right, so, what's your plan? What's the next order of business?" "A drink would be great." "Come. I can definitely use that right now." You guys are led into the nearest open-- it looks to be an unused tavern, but there are drinks, ale and things that are at the ready. There isn't much commerce currently happening in the city, since right now everything's in survival mode, so there's no exchange of money, you guys are presented with drinks. The lanterns are lit on the inside from other villagers that are just happy to help. And the central table is set where you all sit around and quietly have a few sips. Yeah. "Me?" "Wondrous! I'm doing great! (chuckles) I'm exhausted." "I'll be fine." "Yes, I'm fine." "It's been a long time since I put my energy and talents towards anything beyond making shiny "things. Feels nice to be helping others." "I'm at my wits' end with these. Do you want to see true talents? You should ask Allura to show "you what she's capable of when she gets back." (sighs heavily) And he like leans on you a bit and you both make it back to the table. The rest of you-- You guys scatter the wine amongst your glasses. Drinks are had as you begin to discuss the plan. Asum leans in. "All right. So. Vestiges. Defenses. Allies, what's the next plan? "What's the next--" Asum goes, "There are cities that use brass in parts of construction in Wildemount, that's as far--" Gilmore leans forward and goes, "No, that's in the Elemental Plane of Fire. That's a "dangerous, terrible place that you should never go." "Oh! Even more of a reason not to go!" "Draconia is in Wildemount, yes." "Whereabouts are the Vestiges?" Gilmore chuckles to himself, "Ank'Harel. It's been awhile." And looks at-- Marquet. Ank'Harel is also where Jarett is from, which is where you first heard. Gilmore smiles. "It's where I grew up, or nearabouts, at least." "Well, not in the city, a little ways out a bit." "Originally, yes, but I've been living here most of my life. Soon as I had the opportunity to "leave-- It's a free plane here in Tal'Dorei and all the shops I can muster... until they all got "destroyed." "It's fine. I'd made the bottom floors too small anyway. More space. Next time." "Maybe. Nah. I need to stay here and maintain this." "I don't know much about the Abyss, but I know that it's probably the worst place ever." "That's correct." At this point Jarett steps out from back of the room and says, "The more time that goes by, "the more chance there is that the battle, the war, will be fought here. On our turf. The faster we "move, the better chance we have of bringing it to theirs, so let us not dilly-dally." They all look at each other and Gilmore nods. "That's actually, I wouldn't say "rudimentary, but it's definitely within my skill set." "Not if I can maintain it underneath the barrier." "It should." "I don't know. This was crafted for this reason. This isn't a long standing existing "incantation. This was crafted through the minds of Drake Thunderbrand and Allura and myself and "Pike's aid. This is a new magic, it's experimental, and to be perfectly honest, I'm very "glad it succeeded because I was--" "Essentially." "We've been a bit distracted." "I love your mind, Percy. Have I told you that? I love your mind. I love it." "We'll do that immediately. It sounds like a grand plan." Asum says, "Not a worry. We'll do that immediately." Jarett says, "If you're looking to go to the Ozmit Sea, you'll probably need a ship of some "kind. It's quite a far travel and that distance as well and the docks on the west coast right now "are, well they're locked down at Emon." "Travel by boat, across the Ozmit, maybe about a week, a week and a half. Skyship, maybe "half as long." Gilmore actually steps in and is like, "Technically, I have a teleportation sigil outside "the city. I could probably just get you there." Asum is also still at the table. "That's all right." "Never heard it before, I assure you." "Well, my usual travel to Wildemount is across the northern channel here. I'd say you're "looking at about two weeks of travel by ship across the Lucidian Ocean." Tree Stride is a short distance. You mean Transport via Plants. "Actually that's pretty sound. If you manage to defeat the dragon there, you'll probably gather "the survivors and have them join the cause against Emon. If you have means of transporting them. "Remember, once a dragon is down, it's--" "It's on." All dragons to an extent are vain. It's part of the nature of the chromatics. The white dragon is the most comparably primal. They're all in various stages of hyperintelligence. The white dragon is the one that's the most... beastlike. You have seen the dragon. Gargantuan. And you cannot Polymorph into dragons. You can only transform into beasts. Fairly large, yeah. I'd say probably-- Raishan is the smallest of the dragons you saw, but even at the smallest of them, is still a good 30 feet to the shoulder. Gilmore looks to Asum. "I have not been to any of their bases. Asum, you've been watching Thordak." He looks back. "Within his domain in the Cloudtop, he has... apparently an overhead airplane." Trust me, it was strange. "He has a number of various spies that are sworn to him that act as "his network of information to and from the Cloudtop and his throne of black glass and molten "rock. He does have singular pillars placed around that contain four orbs that he would speak into on "occasion." Yeah. They were already shattered. "It's all right. It's not like my childhood friend Purvon." (laughter) His scarred eye twitches for a moment. Asum leans into the conversation and goes, "We have many crafters and artisans that are "within the grasp of the Clasp as well, within Emon. We can begin to have these made and "scattered throughout the various offerings brought to the center of the city." "I like this." "We can make this happen." You can make that happen. Hashtag Team Vorugal. The Ozmit Sea is in between Tal'Dorei and-- from your perspective, it's Tal'Dorei and Marquet, and the Ozmit Sea is what's in between. The Ozmit Sea is between Marquet and Tal'Dorei. More Australia. You could eventually get there. It is round. Two weeks via ship. Ocean ship. I'm going to make some mathematics here, if you'll excuse me. A few days. At this point in time, it's mid-afternoon, evening. You've come across a few of the lizardfolk. They attacked you in Emon. They were on the wyverns. They're humanoid. They're a little larger than one of your half-elf companions or Percy. No, those were bandits. You fought wyverns. So what are you guys doing? You can only use that once per day, though, right? As far as I know, Plane Shift can't teleport you on the same plane. It brings you specifically to another plane of existence. Southeast is what you saw, yes. There is no barkeep here. This tavern has been opened just for you guys to be served. There is no current owner here. Most everyone who helped you open this are yourselves and a couple of civilians that were just there. There is no waitress. There are a couple civilians outside, but as soon as you guys started talking, all the civilians left the room. There's a wisp of air. You toss the coin and it (clinks) to the ground. You (soft impact) into this weird cluster of air. It's pushing your beard hair back, and your mouth is full of all that air pushing into it as you reach into the Unseen Servant, grab the coin, and pull it out. Well done. You got a gold. You guys find your way to the castle. All right. You grab him. Percy enters the building. Okay. As you enter the mausoleum, the gentle flickering of torchlight that was lit by Percy shows the interior, though it is low-lit partially, and your darkvision does catch you. What was once a relatively decent mausoleum seems to have been gutted, retrofit, and now you see standing before you, is a mostly constructed shrine to the Raven Queen. Percy walks out. You're left alone in the silence and darkness, looking at the small shrine before you. Back into town. You guys quietly keep your distance in your walk, find your way back to the castle to your respective rooms, and an evening's rest takes you all. Are you waiting to hear Vax go to his room? Actually, knowing Vax, you wouldn't hear anything. (laughter) You wait for a long time, and no sound comes to your ears. All right. And with that, as you guys rest for the night, we're going to take a quick bathroom break. We'll be back here in a few minutes. We had a friend come and deliver a gift to Laura, which you can see presented on the table now. It is a replica that someone, Kiki Day, made this awesome prop replica of Fenthras. Design based on David Rodriguez's concept art for Fenthras. That's so badass. That is awesome. Thank you, Kiki! All right. There we go. So. As you guys come to consciousness the next morning, the storm has come in now-- Make a general wisdom saving throw. 12? Okay. Your evening is hard-pressed. You do manage to get a full night's sleep; you do not suffer any exhaustion. You do manage to get rest, though the nightmares do come in memory of your last encounter at the Feywild, and Saundor's words still swimming around in your head, finding cracks in your sense of self. But you still are stalwart against the choice you made and the friends that were at your back. And as you all come to consciousness, the sound of rain outside of the castle against the exterior stone greets you with the morning. You can smell the fresh rain in the air, and eventually come down to find breakfast prepared, a meal earned. Not chicken, no. This is eggs, fruits. A classic Whitestone breakfast. Chicken is available, but strangely untouched. There are a few farms here, most are in the surrounding fields south of the city. It's good. It's fresh. Three versus three. Are you going leave it up to the dice, being a game of DND? 20, Marquet. One is Draconia. You're still drunk somehow. North of the city, up into the beginning stages of the Alabaster Sierras, you find the abandoned fortress that is there, embedded on the side of the mountain wall. Keyleth, you are attempting a scrying spell? What are you scrying on? You have not met his family. You've never been there. You need generally a creature of some kind. It can be something you've heard about. A person or a creature. Not necessarily, no. It would be a creature of some kind. You take the object. You close your eyes, focusing on the memory and the life essence of Tiberius Stormwind. You project your thoughts into the ether. The nature energies carry you into the darkness, and there is no response. No response. The scrying spell finds no target. Generally, it's on the same plane of existence. This one will expend a spell. Okay. So this time, you give the object back to Vex and you sit down and create the ritual space before you. You sit down in the center of the stone floor of the fortress and you close your eyes. This time, you send out your consciousness once more. The druidic energies carry you an extended distance in but a few moments, and your vision clicks in and you see, perched against a snow-covered rock in the inside of a ravine, a shivering, small, green dragonling. Alone, and is partially asleep against the stone. You can see just past over this large, gaping ravine that is the center of this portion of Wildemount, you can see scattered rubble covered in ice and snow and small distant things you can't quite make out with your vision here occasionally moving through it. Make a perception check. 19. There's no visible trees in the ravine. Anything that would be living down there has been-- from your vision here-- obscured by rock, rubble, ruined floating island, and snowfall. You do see growing out of the side of the rock, not far from where Lockheed is perched is one leafless, small branch of a tree that extends out. And as you glance up, there is a very thick tree that is currently jutting out the side of the mountain. It does. Maybe. Yeah. It's not sitting on ground, but is currently over the ravine. That's all you can make out from this perspective. From where you can tell right now, from the perspective you can see, looking at Lockheed, it's probably a good 50-foot fall before you hit a scattering of broken rock, and eventually it comes into a grade to the bottom of the ravine. You guys have fallen 50 feet and been fine. From what you can tell, it looks natural. It's less of a cave and more he's perched on this little alcove, this little outcropping of rock on the side of the ravine wall. On the side of the ravine. You did see, distant, blurred from your perspective, since the focus of the scry was on Lockheed, you did see movement and very small distant objects within the snow at the base of the ravine. A short walk, you could get down to the base of the forest. Six seconds for all of you to-- You've never seen Draconia before. You saw no city. All right. So you've affixed the rope at the base of the strongest tree you can find. All right. We have Vex and Scanlan on the broom. Any of your spell prep? Okay. All right. Grog and Percy holding onto the rope. Vex casts Pass Without a Trace. The shadows reach around and embrace your forms. You become more obscured the further the light is from your body. Keyleth, what are you doing? Keyleth touches the edge of the tree, the rope which is affixed to above. The trunk (portal opens). You fly through stealthily. Right. I would like all of you guys to make stealth checks at disadvantage. All right. As Vex and Scanlan scoot first through the opening, you coast down, and there is a cluster of rocks, but there's a light snowdust, and you find a snowbank that you guys coast down to quickly. You can decide to float above the snowbank. What do you want to do? Okay, so you disappear under the snowbank. It is freezing cold, the wet immediately falling snow against your form begins to seep in. But you are below eye-level. Vax and Keyleth? You guys just dart through, you holding her. All right. As you guys come falling out the side of the tree, you see nearby as a small, green tiny dragon gets startled and flies off. You guys go coasting, the wings expand for a second. It picks up and as you hit, whipping past the 15 feet of jagged rocks that were gathered at the base of the ravine, you scoot over it, the wings fold in around you, and you guys tumble into the snow. Make an acrobatics check with disadvantage because you're grabbing onto her and are covered in wings. You don't feel the pain. And the wings do cause a significant barrier of impact, as well as the snow. As soon as you land, you go into a classic shoulder roll and use the inertia to not arise above the water. You both essentially coast sideways, stopping within the snowbank. From an overhead perspective, you can see a large swath has been carved through. But from visual eye range, at equal level, you guys still appear to be hidden within the snow. The two of you jump through and start rappelling down, Grog at the bottom end. Bringing the rope, bringing the rope down, bringing the rope down. It slams shuts, the rope cuts at the other end as the portal closes. Percy, you just make it out as the rope gives way. It is now Grog and Percy plummeting toward the ground. You don't have the opportunity, because this all happens in a period of six seconds and you guys just landed and coasted in the snow. He's about five feet ahead of you, yeah. You're cushioning his fall? All right. Make an acrobatics check, just for the hell of it. 13. As soon as you look over your shoulder and see the ground coming, you try and swing your legs underneath to catch you, to slide across. And you begin to. Your feet catch the rock and you feel the muscles tense. Your back gets jammed a little bit. And you catch Percy in your arms, but the momentum of Percy hitting you sends you back over, and you both tumble into the snow. You do prevent Percy from taking any damage, but you do suffer five points of fall damage. You guys make a perception check. You're just now getting up out of the ball of wings. 25. You do see Lockheed is about 50, 60 feet up on the rock right now. Seems too far to really be within earshot of a whisper. Lockheed (wingbeats) and then glides against the rock. And glides lower to the rock. Glides lower to the rock, and flies up-- still keeping a cautious distance from you above the snow. You can see Lockheed a little closer now. You remember him being fairly sick when he was initially purchased. While the illness has passed, he looks greatly malnourished and thin-- As soon as you pull out the food, Lockheed's demeanor changes immediately. Darts up and almost latches onto your hand and causes you to jump-- Nope. Not a beast. At this point now, the temperature's really set into you. You've heard stories. You're familiar with the sound. The words you've heard of Wildemount, being largely a colder continent, especially to the north where the actual civilizations of man exist. Draconia's a little further to the south, but also based on the information you have, this being taken recently as the den of Vorugal, there is an almost perpetual small snowstorm that is existing about this ravine, and the wind itself is beginning to cut through. Thankfully, you're mostly armored up. For the time being, you're fine. But you can see where this is a difficult weather pattern to perpetually live in. Lockheed finishes eating vigorously and seems to be waiting across your hand. He eats some, happily. What do you say? (croaking) And stays and digs in the talons at the top of your leather armor shoulder, folds thed wings in and just waits there, huddled up against your shoulder for warmth. Make a perception check. 16. You bring your head above the snowline and you can see surrounding you-- and you are in the center of this giant ravine that opens up to the sky. Not quite Grand Canyon size, but it's about half the width. It's a wide gulf. And you guys are on one side of where the ravine slowly begins to coalesce, and there's various steps in which the ravine casts down. You were already towards the bottom when you landed. This could have been a lot worse were it higher up. Looking up, you see, just from this vantage point, dozens of large stacks of broken rock and stone. You see pillars that are jutting out of portions of this. You see partially and mostly collapsed buildings that themselves have been destroyed from serious impact. You recall, during the initial attack of the Conclave, that one of the things that was seen through a vision was the fall of Draconia, which were islands of stone that were held aloft through arcane means within this ravine. What you now look upon are all the fallen remains of each of these arcane islands now plummeted, crushed, and fell into the ravine and have been sundered and destroyed. You do see figures moving quickly and crawling over elements of it, and you see a cluster of them fighting over something and then disperse. They're probably a good 300 feet off. They appear to be humanoid, somewhat reptilian. 16. Best that you can view, the storm seems to be slowly spiraling, and a large heavy portion of the snowfall and sleet is hitting about a mile or so towards the right side of the ravine that you guys are looking at. From the wall you're at, you have the right and the left sides of this current ravine structure, seems to be that direction, about a mile. No, you can. What kind of Draconians? There are many types of colors, there are those with and without tails-- With or without tail? Because you've met both. Tiberius had a tail. Keeping your normal attire, just on the top of the Draconian form? All of your forms shift into that of various metallic dragonborn, with tails, adorned in rags, dirty. What do you do? You guys step up out of the snow and begin walking? Right now, no. You guys cluster up and begin stepping above the snow, which is still about waist, knee-high for some of you. Making your way to the right of your current location, towards the center of the storm that Keyleth discovered. As you guys begin to walk, a nearby pile of rock and rubble, there was that one cluster of four, five of these moving lizard-like entities. Suddenly, one of them looks at your group, looks back at the rest, and they all stand up and look over in your direction. They're just watching you. They're not doing anything. They go back to rummaging through. You guys continue to walk. The ravine curves to the right, or at least begins to open up further to the right and you're met with the next large structure of rubble. What you saw was the edge of an extremely large, once-floating island, now crushed and sundered across the ground. There are sheets of ice across parts of it. You can see the better part of a large palace or library that is now caved in partially. You can see frozen books scattered across portions of the stone and rock on the ground before you. You can see a series of huts have been constructed on top of this rubble, and there are some small fires lit, little plumes of smoke and probably two dozen dragonborn figures that are currently combing through the rubble. They're underneath ice. You can try and chisel some out, if you like. A lot of it's covered in snow. There's some bits you can peek through and see sheets of ice and frozen books-- As you begin to have a closer book as you walk by, there are many frozen bodies. You see many people, all dragonborn, some atop the rubble, some partially crushed, some partially locked in ice, some destroyed by some sort of an acidic substance. Some of them are covered in boils, and their face is locked in some sort of horrible coughing fit. This was a very terrifying battle scene that has transpired here. There are no signs of anyone burned. Best that you can tell right now, it appears to be dragonborn. Make an insight check. You've already said no. Did you roll or not? Best you can tell, they're surviving. They're scouring through the ruins, trying to find anything of worth. Some of it's finding wood and throwing it onto these little flame pyres that are scattered around the ruins. You begin to look and see that actually the sides of the ravine, there are hundreds of small caverns are carved into the rock. Not quite like a dense honeycomb style, but it looks like there is an entire cave city that lives within this ravine. Some of them are covered in snow. Some of these dragonborn, they're coming out of their huts. Some of them are still looking up at the sky nervously. They look over and see you guys approaching and a voice calls out, "Who goes there?" "Friends of Stormwind, you say? We have friends of Stormwind. Approach." You guys cower and approach. Keyleth, Vax, and Vex, you notice as you approach that a number of the people that have all stopped and are paying attention are beginning to move around and encircle you. As you walk forward you can see the figure that's talking to you, a very tall, burly, bronze-scaled dragonborn, long horns that protrude down the back in a slow curvature. No tail. In fact, you now notice that every single one of the dragonborn you've noticed here have no tail. "Friends of Stormwind. That would make you Sky-walkers. I see your tails. You survive the "onslaught and step into the den of those you persecuted. Well, what are your last words?" Make a persuasion check. He turns his head to the side a bit. (spits) "What skills do you have?" "Is that all?" "That's a skill." All the other dragonborn that come behind you are now holding spears, some of them rudimentary-looking pikes that are just held up and pointed in your direction. You guys are now enclosed by about two dozen dragonborn. "Here are your choices You die here like the scum you are--" "Then slavery it is." (laughter) They approach, and stop for a second. A few of the folks who came over and went to grab for chains have stopped and are holding them in their hand. He leans in and gives you this very keen look now, and takes a few steps closer. He's about five feet from you now. "From where I stand, you look pretty fucking Draconian to me." "And you just wander into the caves of the Ravenites, dressed in the face of those that broke "our backs?" Make a persuasion check with disadvantage. 14? "Bring the chains. You have ten seconds to prove--" All of your images fade. Everyone takes a step back. The spears come up even further, and there's a little pause. Yeah, the reactions you get from them, you gather most of these don't speak Common and none of them seem to understand what you're saying. "The white dragon came, and he tore down the Sky-walkers." "Well, it's put us in a better position." "We owe the dragon for the freedom that he gave us." "For the time." "Those who deserve punishment get it. But we hunt with it. It brings us power. It promises "expansion of the Ravenites, and we will no longer live under the boot of those in this countryside "and this continent." "We have children to feed. We have families of our own." "How can you help?" "Bring us food, bring us warmth, chop some firewood. Bring some trees. Work." "Give us your weapons, and you can walk freely." "Then leave." "What is your business here, she who wanders in the faces of others?" "You should talk to Tooma." All you're doing is putting fuel on the fire. (groaning) Tooma. T-O-O-M-A. "Tooma is our chieftain. I'm not to make this decision. Come. No chains, for now." They all stay with their spears still out in front, but they nudge you forward. Make a perception check. You're in a ravine. Perception check was just for Grog, as he's the only one that asked to look for trees. But you rolled a 19? Looking around, occasionally poking out of the rubble, you'll see a tree. Most of them seem to have not fared so well with the cold weather and have been snapped or broken in the process of the falling rubble. You do make out, towards the edge on the other side of the ravine, beyond this giant one, you can see this one island, one larger island of the cluster that made up Draconia, fell in the center here and is broken apart. On the far end, you can see there's a small cluster of trees, the hint of green still to them, some of them varying thickness. I'd say about 20. You guys are prodded along, over the rubble, and as you come around you can start to see, where the outside of the island is broken rock, the center of it is broken structures. Buildings, homes, giant great marble halls, everything is mostly fallen in. You still see some structures standing, but at odd angles. There are sections of buildings that still show the outer outline of what once stood, but it is all a complete ruin. You do see every now and then a few large spikes of ice that are jutting out of portions, and you see bodies that are jabbed onto the spikes and left to freeze. They do. You move over the bulk of this giant pile of rubble and begin to descend the other side, and you can see now there is an active village here that is half-frozen entirely. Half of it seems to be abandoned; the other half of it is completely coated in solid ice. The crowd leads you past that abandoned village to a series of tunnels against the wall, maybe 300 or 400 feet past that cluster of trees that you saw. Leads you into this tunnel, and on the inside, there are small glow stones set in portions of the stone. Not naturally forming, but essentially small natural bits of torchlight just pressed into the stonework to give some sort of a light source. You're led in for about five or so minutes. and you see other offshoot tunnels. It's like a giant anthill weaved throughout this, and you can see rudimentary furniture made of wood and stone, with limestone rock, whatever's available within the actual ravine here. Make a nature check. Best you can tell from looking at the rock and knowing the amount of erosion versus the curvature of it, these tunnels have been here for a very long time. This portion opens up and you can see now there is a much more refined, village-type structure inside, maybe 30-plus small homes carved from rock and stone. Built much better than the makeshift huts that you saw outside. You also see a giant pile of broken chains to the left side of the entryway. Many of them are manacles and neck vices that are just thrown and discarded in this large pile. As you are brought into the center of this larger chamber you see two dozen Draconians that are out and about just currently gathering materials, talking and walking, and stop and see as you enter and just watch as you pass by. Colors range from metallic to chromatic, all spectrum; it's a mish-mash of all walks and sizes. Nope. You're led past a couple of these stone structures and there is a central, open circular plot between a lot of these. There's a fountain that seems to spring a very clean source of water within the center of this chamber. Beyond that, there is a larger temple-like square structure that has a slight trapezoidal appearance to it. The entranceway is an open arch, and you can see a large fire burning on the inside of it. You are led around the fountain and led to the inside. There, sitting on a large stone seat made of haphazard bits of rock and stone, it looks relatively uncomfortable, a large stone throne, there is a female dragonborn. She wears long, drab, gray robes, tattered at the edges, a hood loosely pulled back and a large scarf or wrap around her neck and shoulders. She just sits there with her hands over the side, draped, and as you walk in and your eyes adjust you can see that she looks very old. As you're brought in, the rest of your crew still pushes you in with the spears. She leans forward. "Are these prisoners of ours?" The dragonborn who brought you in goes, "They are, for the time being. They say they come here "because the Frigid Doom and other dragons who came are killing their people, as well. They have come "to fight the dragon, or so they claim. They walked in under guise of our enemy. It is your wisdom to "make these choices." And the larger dragonborn bows his head and steps away, the spears pull back and they step, blocking the exits that you walked through; the entire archway now is shoulder to shoulder dragonborn with spears at the ready. Make a persuasion check. You're saying this in Draconic, I assume? She leans in a bit, and the firelight crackles under her chin, and you can see the teeth on one side pull out beyond the lip, and it gives her this lopsided look. The tongue wipes across the front, and she leans in toward you. "You come here "to fight the Frigid Doom, you say?" "I would be lying if I said it did not bring a chance for freedom to all of us Ravenites." "But as time progresses, I fear we shake one bond to step into another. The dragon presented "itself as our savior, but has since required an ever-growing fealty." "Without the Draconians, without the Sky-walkers, and without the Doom, we would be "free. Rebuild our culture." Now, the rest of you hear this "Do your friends speak Common?" "If we are to let you go, do you promise to slay this creature?" "It has been gone for days." "Took most of its army with it." "I do." "It is not far, but one hour walk." You may. 19? No, he didn't. "If you come here to kill this dragon, I assume you have the means and a plan." "Then let us set an ambush." "So what do you insist? We not have an ambush, we just wait for it to land and attack head-on?" "You speak with accents I do not understand. Where do you come from?" "We are to walk to the den. We are to learn your information. Then what?" "I have lived to see this day by not being deceived or tricked. You speak words that are not "direct. They wind. They spin. They circle. What guarantee do I have that you will not just flee?" At which point, she steps off of the throne, steps on both of her feet, and when she's off the throne, her imposing form becomes far less imposing. You can see now there's a very heavy hunch to her back, and as she scuffles forward, she's an almost pitiful-looking sight, physically. As she pulls forward to walk straight to you, Keyleth, you see the somewhat clouded, cataract-ridden eyes of the dragonborn female Tooma. She comes up to you and goes, "We are a "proud people, even when pressed into the dirt for as many years as we have been. We reclaim our "honor. We reclaim our place in this world. We wish to do this as peacefully as possible, but we have "been forced to scrounge and survive through this freedom. We wish you no folly. We wish you no ill "will. But we also have learned that trust needs to be earned; it cannot be spoken and given so "freely. Both ways. You are right to mistrust, as are we of you. But that is the impasse. One must "have faith, in one way or another, if there is to be a compromise." Make a persuasion check. 25. She reaches forward and extends a finger that gently scrapes the bottom of the chin, not too much to hurt, but to go across the skin and pull your chin upward into the light of the fire a little bit. "There is much wisdom in there for so young a face. All right. There are not many "options we have, either. Come. We will walk. And at the very least, if you decide to flee, never return." "There are a handful of dregs that stayed behind, but you tell me you wear many faces." She points past, over your head, and goes, "Tiny gnome, the faces of those that lead you here." "Be glad you walk with one as wise." She begins to shuffle over, and you watch as two of the dragonborn walk over and scoop her up shoulder to shoulder, and she shrugs them off and pushes them away. "I can walk myself." She begins shuffling, and they separate and open. She walks partway out as you guys stand there, and turns around and beckons. "Well, come." The larger dragonborn that let you in-- As the rest of the guards circle around and begin to walk, a little bit of trepidation, but going along with Tooma, the large one who let you in goes, "Tooma. Are you certain?" She turns around and goes, "Skork, there are few things that are certain in this world. I am not "long for it, but if we are not to seize the opportunity of kinship, we miss the opportunity "for survival. Is it a risk? Yes. Sometimes it's a risk worth taking." And she keeps walking. The rest of them gather behind, and the now-named Skork gives a nod and continues walking along. Yeah. You guys are led out of the tunnel, back into the freezing air. The wind has picked up a bit, and you can now hear this low hum as it hits certain portions of the cavern and causes low vibrational whistles in the distance. The snow has begun to fall a little heavier now, and as you walk out, you can hear the crunch of your footsteps as you're stepping through heavier and heavier blankets of snow. She nods. "If that dragon comes back, we never saw you, you never saw us." She's very slow, by the way. Your passage of travel is about half speed as she leads the charge, but everyone respectfully keeps in pace with her. She thinks for a second. "That name has not come to my mind, no." Pushing on, it's gotten a little lighter in the sky. You figure, based on your arrival, you may have just come in at the cusp of dawn, and the sun has now gotten higher in the sky. You're on the entire opposite side of the planet now, so the cycle has changed based on the location you're currently in. Well, you had rested, actually. You left in the morning. You would've gotten here-- actually, opposite of that. It's actually now getting to dusk. Even though it's only been a couple of hours of daylight that you've seen since you woke up this morning, it's already beginning to set, and the sky is getting darker. You're led over a portion of the ravine, ever so slowly, that lifts up, and then as you get to the crest, it bends down into a far deeper and wider portion of the ravine. This is now the center part of this entire giant physical anomaly that is this giant crack in the ground, and you can see the bulk of the fallen city is in the center of this area. You see a couple of larger trees that sprout out from the rubble. There's ones that managed to survive the impact of certain areas of stone, though it looks like a lot of the bark has been stripped, and they might not be alive that you can see from this distance. There are smaller trees towards the edge, and a few still protruding from portions of the walls. As you're led down into the ravine, you reach this central structure, and you can already see from this distance, as the snow falls, hitting and covering the rocks, there are dozens and dozens of those spikes of ice jutting out of the rock, each with one or two various frozen corpses impaled on them and left. At the top of this, you can see a large cluster of ice that is in a somewhat round gathering, and you can see-- actually, no, you don't see that. Sorry. A note that will come into play in the future. You can keep watch as you go. You push towards the center of the ravine, and upon the large island of rubble, you begin to move, and it takes a good 40, 50 minutes, an hour, to traverse, a lot further than you would've expected in that time period. Sorry, a lot less than you figured you would traverse in that time, being weighed down by Tooma's gait. However, the rubble begins to subside, and you begin to see steps of ice. Not perfect, carved steps, but elements of encapsulated broken platforms of ice that act as stairs. Vax, Vex, and Keyleth, as you guys begin to move up the steps, and you especially, Vex, you can see, with what little bit of light is beginning to shine down through the ice, you can see mounds and mounds of coins and jewel boxes and many expensive knick-knacks and collections, all below feet of solid ice, all clustered towards the apex of this collapsed, ruined island. "Vorugal sends us to pay the debt we owe for being freed, yes. We scavenge. We spend our days "searching for food, for the means to survive, and finding what we can from the ruins of the broken "Draconia." "These are the thoughts that consume me. It is the reason you are still alive." Everyone make a perception check. As you guys begin to approach, you can see now the ice that encases the golden coins begins to ripple upward, and it's getting harder and harder to climb. You can see now, it comes to an apex in this bowl-like formation, and as you get to a point where it's harder to ascend, you can see Tooma stops and sees that she can't go much further, and she points up and goes, "That is "where it sleeps. That is where we come to give what we find. And that is where it should fall." "It does not ask for kneeling. It asks for fear and respect. It asks us to bring the most "powerful creatures in the land for it to chase." 27. All right. So. "This is its home. This is its shrine." The top comes into this giant bowl, this platform of ice, and it's almost like a nest where it sits. "If you feel confident. Otherwise, we walk to our death prematurely." "When the islands fell, there was a great fight of those that survived against the dragon. "We did not join in, out of fear, and out of not knowing which side would come out. Vorugal stayed "behind as the other two flew. The dragon asked us why we do not fight. We said, 'Because it is not "'our place.' The dragon said, 'Well, your place is now that of free kin.' The dragon summoned forth "these spikes, and drove it through the hearts of many of the Sky-walkers. Many of us cheered, for "it was a symbol that many had wished to see for a long time, but at the same time, the older ones of "us... It was not what we wanted. It was not how we wished to be freed. But we had no way of stopping "him. As time went on, and with each surviving Sky-walker that was found, there were no more "cheers. Just the dread of knowing that maybe in time, when all the spikes are filled, it may be us "on them next." Okay. You spend the next 15 minutes or so, 20 minutes, skirting around the outside of this large frozen bowl, looking for some semblance of a set trap. You don't recognize anything as any sort of mechanism placed that would set off your warning defense systems as a rogue. Both of you guys roll perception checks. Oh, it's not the dice anymore. We know that you've somehow gained the favor of some Aztec deity that's trying to reclaim its foothold in the current-day pantheon through you. It would be Sumerian. No, this is more of an icy terrain. Nevertheless, between the two of you keeping an eye out, through this Marduk Enki-loving fool over here-- You look off and see that most of it, and its design here is to be a sentry point. The reason it's built over the structure is it has a view of the entirety of this central open valley in the ravine. There are nooks and crannies. There are elements of ice that can be carved away. There are small alcoves that could be out of sight, lower beyond the ice steps and such, but there is no extremely visible pockets or things that are completely out of the visual sight from that perch. It was designed specifically to be a place to survey everything. From what you can see here? There are outcroppings of stone and elements that jut out naturally from the valley wall, but it's a wide berth from each side. If flown to and held in, yeah. There are a couple of other rock areas where the dragon would be able to hold himself, but this is definitively-- Which one? From here, yeah. This is the highest point in the ravine. Make an investigation check. You guys take a while glancing about. Nothing. Scanlan, you dart down and begin peering up against the ice walls that surround it. Going down into the actual scooping bowl of this dragon nest, and looking down, you can see a little glimmer of light that refracts at a different angle than the rest of the ice. A spherical surface is visible about two and a half feet below. And you're saying this out loud amongst the crew, right? Okay. As soon as you called them Draconians, there were a few hisses from the nearby crew. That's the next t-shirt. That was out loud. They're still all gathered around the base. They walked you here and they're basically watching you set up for this ambush preparation or gathering. They're not going to leave you to your own devices. They're still not quite sure of everything. No, you have to have it in your hands to utilize it. "I appreciate the advice. I can guarantee you there would be no other course of action." "Then get it from its lair." "It is growing bored with dire beasts. We've even brought it to the ocean, where there were "some great terrors beneath the sea, but it tore them asunder. There are, northward, large "segmented insect-like creatures they call the remorhaz. That was a scuffle, but I fear the "dragon grows bored." "I trust you know what you say. These words mean nothing to me." "How about this. I trust you to return. Let's set a time, so we know where the limits are. "Eight days." "How much time do you need?" LAURA and "Two weeks?" "Two weeks. 14 sun cycles past. If we do not hear from you, the Frigid Doom is known to this "Whitestone you speak." "Not extorting. Making sure you are of your word, because otherwise you leave us here to die "on promises that are fake and false." "Good. Then we'll see you before two weeks is out." "There is solid ground here. Up there, above the ravine, wherever else you need it to be." "Probably out of the ravine. He stalks inside quite extensively." Okay. There we go. All right, what's the DC? What are you trying to do? You watch as she leans in, and she shakes her head for a minute and goes, "What was your "question? I do not know these words you speak." "I know not of a candle-maker." "What is your request?" "Many, yes. But small amounts... why? If you wish to take what they have, they mean nothing to "us. One or two turned over will make no difference to the dragon." "Right." She points to it. Some of the Ravenites come over and haul one of the corpses off of the spike. It breaks off and snaps, and they bring it and throw it to the ground and step back. The robes are familiar. The scale color is familiar. There, locked in the moments of valiant defense of his city, frozen and lost, the remains of Tiberius Stormwind, left a hero defending his people, defaced by Vorugal the Frigid Doom. They are stiff and frozen, but light enough for you to carry. You find the remnants of the library. As you find a section of the stone rubble that's loose enough, you pull it open, and there beneath, you can see there are hundreds and hundreds of books, many still pristine, if a little soggy from the melted snow. You gather a lot of time was spent in this library in his youth, and it's probably as good a place as any to leave his memory for the time. They're keeping their distance, but they're watching. You get the sense that they understand what's going on, but they're not taking any offense to it. Lockheed is still on your shoulder. As the ice melts, color comes to the body. You can see the tattered robes that show a fierce battle was fought. Regardless of this condition of finding him, knowing him as well as you did, he still probably left a hero. As you lay him down on the books, mostly thawed now, Lockheed finds a moment of recognition and immediately flutters onto his chest and curls up, mews a bit, nibbles at the chin. As you guys step back, the nearby stone clatters to life. Lockheed resists and resists and doesn't want to leave. Lockheed curls up onto his face and nibbles a bit on the forehead, then turns back and flutters up onto your shoulder. The stonework clatters closed over the top of the rubble of the library. Vax. In this moment of sadness, there is a bit of warmth, as you sense, though remote as it is through the Divine Gate, the Raven Queen's assurance that his spirit has made it to the other side. As you gather yourselves up, here amongst the ruins of Draconia, the last of the sky's light, the sun has faded and the night has taken its form. You hear the distant caws of the evening birds as they begin to take to the skies above the ravine. Tooma and the rest of the Ravenites give a nod as you join hands. Keyleth? All righty. Where do you create the tree? Which, with a simple use of the broom or wild shape, you can make your way up there, find a small patch of bushes, create a single tree that didn't exist there previously, a small sapling now grown to full height. The bastion of a promise to be kept. Keyleth returns. You take hands. You step through the nearest tree as the portal opens, and find yourself emerging from the other side of the Sun Tree, back in Whitestone. The morning sun begins to rise. You find yourselves to rest, keeping memories fresh untill sleep takes you. All right. As everyone else is going to rest, Keyleth, you find your way to Vax's door. Whether or not you are taking the time to sleep or ruminate on the events, as it's only been half a day since last you woke up, you take some time with Lockheed. He eats a little more food and leaps to the window of your room, and then takes off over the rest of Whitestone. You process this time, this moment, this memory, and realize how much has been lost through this journey, but yet how much is worth saving. How much is worth fighting for. And then, as much as you bunch of fuck-up misfits that came together as friends years ago have come to a point of understanding your true worth and what the importance is of really standing up for the things that you believe in in this world, and the people that need protecting, and know that the next step of your journey should come soon. Whether you stand or fall, this is the fight that needs to be fought. And with luck be at your side, that terrible fucking dragon will meet its end soon enough. And with that we'll pick up next week on Thursday. I was simultaneously looking forward to and not looking forward to the return to Draconia for that reason. We'll pick it up next week, guys. I'm sorry. Sorry, guys. Sorry to you. Not all narrative is bright, but it has its purpose.