And welcome back to tonight's episode. So, picking up where we left off, Vox Machina, having to find and collect the artifacts known as the Vestiges of Divergence to prepare themselves for battle against the Chroma Conclave, a group of extremely dangerous chromatic dragons who are wreaking havoc on the Tal'Dorei countryside, and get vengeance for the loss of Vex and Vax's father in the past. Er, sorry, mother. The father's still around, and kind of a dick. It's been a long week. However, you guys have been making your way into the Feywild in search of a specific item known as Fenthras, a bow of which Vex has been sort of keeping an eye on this whole time. Just like that. (laughs) We're all having Gen Con plague residual, here. They've made their way through a number of strange, dangerous, and awkward encounters in the Feywild, including an encounter with their father, I meant to say earlier, in Syngorn, which is currently hiding out in the Feywild until they've prepared for battle against Thordak the Cinder King. You went to the Moonbrush and parleyed between pixies and werewolves, you pushed past the Gilded Run, a series of enchanted, dangerous rivers that keep the Shademirk Bog in check from spreading across the land with its corruption, and you stepped into the Shademirk Bog, its strange, sludgey, black, corrupt interior, stumbling upon what appears to be a small hovel built out of a tree trunk. The gnomes, making their way towards via Vex's broom, caught a partial glimpse of the creature that lived within, a door was suddenly opened, and upon floating back, the broom was robbed of its magical enchantment temporarily. The party regathered and are now deciding what to do here in the depths of the Shademirk Bog. So, as the gnomes have returned, your broom has seemingly been proven to still function-- Why? It's fun. It's fun. What would you guys like to do? Garmelie left, you guys. He wouldn't even enter the forest with you. The forests of the Shademirk Bog is a very very thickly wooded swamp with thick-trunked trees and almost weeping willow-type sagging canopies, but the entirety of each piece of brush here is coated and seemingly seeping this kind of black sticky tar-like ichor that just kind of pools and seeps into the ground, so even traversing this territory's been a slow, arduous process. There is a small clearing around where this tree trunk hovel is currently located, and the tree itself does not appear to match the surrounding trees that kind of embody most of this forest terrain. You could skirt around it, most definitely, yeah. It's just something you saw in the distance and went and inspected, you could avoid it entirely. Yeah, exactly. Okay. All righty. You guys-- You traveled quite a while, yeah. All right. Everyone make a stealth check. That's actually pretty funny. Yeah. All right, so. Stealth. 25. Vax? Okay, with a plus ten? Pass Without a Trace was used. You said Dust of Tracelessness. Lotta traces going on, it's fine. Plus ten added, so 37. 36. All right, and Pike... All right. (All laugh.) Perception check. You look back over your shoulder and notice the door just (creaking, bang) and closes. As it closes-- --there's a sudden flash of wind, and there's a flicker in Pike's form as all of a sudden she (flickering sound) And her divine form vanishes in place, apparently sent back to the source of where she projected her essence. Uh, not to your knowledge. It's similar to the previous times that she's been unable to keep her form there for you. Especially between planes, you can imagine it's been rather difficult for her to be here for the time she has. All right. You make a perception check as you're glancing that way. Perception check. 14? You see movement on the inside, but no actual physical bead on an entity. You just see the light being broken in the window. You barely notice anything beyond the trees, you have to remind yourself, oh, there's a house there. But. (Laura laughs.) Yeah. Northwest. All right. (laughs) Following Keyleth's lead, you guys begin to slowly make your way through this bog and-- Everything's slowly moving in its own right, this kind of (sludgey sound) Sliding of awful liquid. Understood. As you kind of push further, further northward, you guys are having... do you have to sneeze? Okay, good. You get the sensation, it's not even a sensation, the rest of the party -- aside from you-- you guys are getting knee-deep in this liquid now, and it's to the point where you're having to take one step, lurch it out of the liquid onto another, and you're having to go out of your way to kind of hug the edges of trees where the roots themselves are protruding to give yourself some kind of foothold as opposed to getting stuck in this bog. You, Scanlan, are having a particularly rough time trying to walk on your own, because with each... though with your light form, it's a lot of strength to even pull your little feet out of this tar-like substance. So. Yeah. Yeah, I mean, it permeates the area but it's particularly strong at his feet and lower extremities, almost went up to his upper thighs. It is a, it smells like a combination of wet blacktop, sulfur, and compost decay. Yeah, like a hot, hot, Florida compost, yeah. Yeah. It's delightful. Okay. As you guys push on forward, Keyleth guiding the direction, you're the only one who moves without an issue. Are you tracking ahead of the party, or are you staying with them? All right. You travel for about another hour or so forward, and you, just being naturally alert as you are, notice some shift of movement that is more sudden than the slow sway of some of the various branches and boughs of nearby trees. A little bit in the direction you're traveling and to the left. It moves again, and you see what appears to be some almost large rock-like figure that's shifting, and the more you take a moment to focus, it looks like a humanoid-type creature hunched over, facing away from you. Okay. Okay. Make a perception check with advantage. Okay. You, um. You take a moment and kind of train on this movement. You now see there are two figures that are facing each other, and they themselves are covered in this horrible liquid, and you recognize the form a little bit. These, they're humanoid, but they have long, exaggerated jaws, very long forearm limbs, tall, straggly black hair, long, pointed hooked nose, and they're both eating something that's partially stuck in this bog. These are trolls, these are two large trolls that are currently in the process of eating some sort of creature. You've had a piece of troll in your bag for a while. Trolls are pretty big. Like... I'd say, even with the hunch, nine feet tall. You hear this (grunt) in the distance, and you now, looking through your scope, you see that one of them has looked up from its eating, its mouth covered in all sorts of shiny, fresh liquid, and it kind of glances past. Its eyes, the pupils are white against yellow eyes, so it has this very kind of flash across a cat's face type gleam across the eyeballs. They kind of... (grunts) Yeah, you guys can see, since you've all made note of these creatures in the distance. Turns around, (trollish grunt), says something to the other one. They both grab a big chunk of whatever they're eating, jam it in their mouth, and then dive down into the muck. If you'd like to try and climb them. Possibly. Might require some jumping. You fly up. Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check, if you don't mind, Vax. It takes you a minute, but you manage to get up to the tree. You come up into the trees. Do you break the canopy, or do you stop up at the branches? Okay. As you're climbing up, your sister actually goes past where the branches, leaves, and the top of the trees end. Before you can really kind of speak out to question, she disappears. You, Vex, come shooting up off the top out, and you can see now before you the Shademirk in its entirety, kind of wrapping around the base of this one mountain, that kind of comes up into two sharp peaks, like horns on some sort of a large debased devil, but it's just a formless rock mold that comes up into those two peaks. Looking around you, you can see the trees are very, very dense and heavily packed together, and what immediately catches your eye is about two, three miles ahead, right towards where the base of the mountain seems to sink into the Shademirk, there is one very, very large tree that stands above the rest of them. It is what would be considered to the northwest of you. It, whereas the rest of the Shademirk continues to this relative 20-, 30-foot-tall canopy, this tree probably goes up about a hundred-plus feet and the branches string outward and have long strands and vines dangling from them, it's, this is a massive example of local flora and fauna. Okay. Sure. The lowest branches are about seven feet up. Yeah. Yeah. The nearest tree, the one that Vax actually climbed up, is the one that's closest to you guys, and it's close enough for you to just take a five-foot step back up into it. Sure. And with that, Grog's already pretty large form just grows smaller and hairier. You look down at yourself and kind of marveling at your hands, which haven't changed too much other than the place some of the fingers and thumbs, you already have pretty big, strong, hands, but you also pull up one of your feet from the muck and you can see the additional appendage that you now have in the prehensile toes. Yep. Yeah. Actually, let's... Let's have a look what the-- Let's see, let's pull up the Monster Manual here and see exactly what we're working with. All right, we'll go with the stats for an ape, 'cause that's what's here and available. They do have intelligence of six, so you are as intelligent as you were before. (All laugh.) No, you can't talk. Sure. Yeah. Yeah, it's been under 24 hours. So unfortunately your wings are not available. Okay. Giant eagle. All right. Beastshape is taken, he's gorillafied, you have Scanlan up on your broom. And then Vax and... Percy, are you just traveling through the canopy? Or are you carrying somebody, Keyleth? Okay. They range anywhere from between five feet and-- All right. All right, so the twins are on the broom, they go up. Grog, you just have a field day leaping through those branches, and just coasting through, keeping an eye best you can on the guiding broom above the actual tree canopy. You go ahead and grab Scanlan as well and follow suit. So if I can go ahead and get Grog and Percy to go ahead and make three successive athletics checks, if you could. This would be, for you it would be advantage, yeah. You know what, I'll give you advantage on this just 'cause you're an ape. Um. For the purposes of climbing and grabbing, I would say this is more of an athletics check. Since this is more upper-body strength and-- All righty. All righty. Last one. All righty. To your surprise, as the potion energy surges through your body, even with the relatively slick surface that a lot of these branches and trees have, you have an innate ability to point out which ones are the strongest, easiest to grab a hold and just keep the momentum going in the semblance of a parkour-like leap-and-grab-type circumstance, you have managed to move through almost with the grace of the gorilla ahead of you. You lose sight a few times, but you guys do take the better part of the next forty minutes or so to eventually make your way closer and closer to the tree where the shadow, the shade of it against the permanently dusk sun now begins to creep over the place you are in the forest. You have now entered a shaded nightfall by the actual tree's location and placement. The lower forest below you is pitch-black at this point, other than a little bit of light that filters in from nearby lit areas of the forest. (Audible feedback.) Oh? Never ends. There we go. You guys make your way towards, are you going straight for the tree or are you...? I'd say it's probably been, surmising, six to seven. Yeah. All righty. Okay. You both make a perception check from being up in the tree. Well, it would be-- Eagle eyes. 27. As you coast around the outside of this gargantuan tree, you can see there are a number of places where the branches meet and where elements of the bark are slightly split, and there is just a slow, perpetual flow of this black tar-like substance. You've seen it on smaller scales seeping from the trees in this actual forest, it's like the entirety of the landscape is kind of creating this, but the bulk of it, whether it be the source of the general corruption or at least is the largest central location of its source? There are a number of places throughout this tree where it's just seeping out like sap. Out of the actual tree. You don't see anything moving around the tree at the moment, other than just the gentle swaying as a little bit of wind hits the sides of it, portions of its long hundreds and hundreds of hanging vines just kind of slowly get moved and tangled by the windfall. If you want to make a perception check as well. Okay. Great. So the two twins up there on the broom, as you kind of glance around the other side, you both can see the branches themselves occasionally will shift and curl up, almost like an arm recoiling, and then relax slowly back out again, like a stretching arm held still for too long. You also notice some of the vines that are wrapped around and kind of curled around these branches as well occasionally recoil and pull in and shift and move up, it's like there's a whole ecosystem based around numerous forms of plant life that cause this thing to almost act like a giant organism. You find a number of them, actually. They're delicious. (All laugh.) Okay. All right. Percy, you have to get pretty close to even get a view because of the density of the trees the closer you get to this. So you guys are probably going to have to get within 20, 30 feet to get a view of the exterior of the large tree. No, you have no view of them this high in the canopy. They're below the treeline. Percy, as you get closer you begin to notice that the actual roots of the tree almost come 10 feet up before they merge with the outside of the tree itself, a number of-- It's a solid trunk in most of its places, but there are swaths of vines that wrap around it and curl and create these giant, tight nets, almost like a Rat King of tails across certain portions of its exterior near the base, and where some of the roots join with the central tree trunk. Okay. Okay, I mean, there are a number of areas that are somewhat clear on the ground, but there is no-- All the landscape is coated with this molasses-type material, even the bits that aren't submerged and are relatively shallow, there is still that substance all across them. Right. Okay. Keeping your eyes out as best you can as you loop around a second time, you get closer, no real change in what you're able to observe. You have a higher detailed look at it, but once again, you see a number of these vine-clusters around the base of some of these branches, you see elements where the bark has split and sealed over and split again and just spills out more of this black filth. You aren't able to make out any sort of other details about its surface. Okay. You don't. She doesn't see you, 'cause she's way above the trees and you're just kind of down in the forest as a gorilla going-- You're not on the ground, you're up in the actual tree top. All right, so the two of you kind of-- make a perception check. Okay, uh. It takes you guys the better part of an hour to finally find a piece of abandoned dead tree husk from which you'll be able to carve a piece that matches the description of what Percy's requesting. Requires some cleaning, it is very thick with the actual tar, but you do manage to bring it back to him. A little larger than what you wanted, but it can be carved down. Okay. You are back to your regular Grog self. All right, and in that brief moment all of a sudden you are, well, some of your sense have come to you. Not much else has changed other than your physicality, but... All right, so. You've all managed to reconvene a little ways off from the base of this large tree. What do you wish to do? Roll an insight check. Those are some nice boots you're wearing, you're probably gonna have to get a new pair when all this is over. It stinks, it's sticky, the muck itself is probably not a very nice conversationalist. It doesn't also from what you can tell appear to be sentient or give you any kind of bad vibe that you can pick up. From looking at it. It is muck. Stanky-stank. Not yet, no. A short rest is about half an hour or so. Half an hour to an hour. We'll get to that. Because as you take your short rest and begin sitting amongst the ground or the bough of the trees-- No, the mansion hasn't been cast yet. So as you're resting, here amongst the tree tops-- Yeah. The branches begin to sag ever so slowly. And particularly Keyleth and Percy, actually Grog as well, you begin to feel the branches slowly almost trying to push you off them, like you sort of slide forward. All the branches begin to slowly sag down. And you guys all begin to slide down-- Okay, make an athletics check, both of you. At this point in time? How long does it last? Yeah. Yeah, so you have disadvantage. Okay, so you leap onto another tree branch. You also leap after and actually land next to Grog. What did you get, Percy? You both reach, leap for the branch, but you're a good foot and a half, two feet short, and as your fingers catch the edge-- It's slick, and both of you go plummeting about 15 feet to the ground. You both suffer four points of falling damage as you catch yourself on the ground, kind of jamming your ankles a little bit. There's a (splash) of liquid as you impact and the lower patch goes partway up your calf, almost to your knee, as you hit and you have to wiggle to try and-- Yeah. Okay. You guys take the rope and begin to pull yourself up. You feel your branch begin to slowly-- You're still on the broom this whole time? All right. Then you manage to get the rope down, you guys grab onto the rope and you pull them ever so slowly out of the muck. It's a lot of weight. I need you to make a strength check. Sure. Sure, we can do that. You don't need a strength check to tie the rope off, we'll just take it. You guys manage to pull yourselves at least out of the muck, however, you've gotta climb up the rope to try and get back in the branches? All right. Well done. All right. With that, Scanlan, after leaping onto the next branch, you create the doorway into the mansion up in the trees. You guys all slowly eventually climb back up and get to where the entrance is, and each member of Vox Machina currently present leap into the mansion, to safety, where it's seemingly much more clean, though you are dragging clumps of this liquid on the main carpet. Okay. As you bring it near, the gunk does not burn. You see one little pssh as a bubble bursts and there is a little burst of sulfurous flame, but it burns away in an instant, the actual liquid itself does not catch. All right. It resembles, and it's only familiar to you because you've tried this before, it's like tasting the filthiest copper coin you've ever held in a pocket before. It has that kind of metallic residue to it, but also this kind of earthy griminess where it's probably been devoured and digested by a number of creatures before it found its way-- It is not pleasant by any means. All right, so you guys begin... Okay. What are the rest of you doing? So Vax goes to rest his bruised arch. (All laugh.) You're making those-- Okay, that's gonna take you-- You have to make a pair for most everybody here. Okay, go ahead and make four tinkering checks. That's borderline Lisa Frank quotes here, this is... Yeah, all that reading finally goes to shit. Yes, go for it. Remember, you don't have to use the inspiration dice if you don't want to. Okay. All righty. Yeah, you guys take the better part of the next hour to make some loosely functional swamp shoes. They'll get you a short distance, they're not gonna last you a long time. Yeah. All right. So you finish your short rest. And two spirits trying to hold it for you. All right, so the two of you on the broom. Grog, what are you doing? You guys make your way to the front door, in the distance you can hear a series of dull thuds, bangs, cracks, and various sounds as Grog begins to just punch his way through the entirety of your mansion's kitchen. You doubt you'd ever see a fully dominated spiritual servant look nervous, yet at this moment you have about 17 of them all just going (high-pitched whine). You just tear through the vicinity. You're trying desperately to finish up your short rest, as you get up, you hear this noise as well as you guys make your way to the front door. You're left to try and finish up this project, probably for the next 20 minutes or so, while they go ahead and attempt this process. Vax, you're resting up your loins with ice. All right. You. All right, so as you guys step out, Keyleth. Keyleth, as you step off of the tree branch, are you gonna climb down or just leap down into the muck? All right, as you do, your form suddenly ripples and extends out into the form of your elemental body. You slam into the surface and sink down below. You guys see a slight (burble sound) in the liquid, and it leaves this sort of crater of splash that slowly closes up over with no sign of Keyleth now visible on the surface. All right. No heavy furniture per se, but there are a series of large marble pillars that are load-bearing within the interior, and that's probably your best bet, so you go ahead and wrap the rope around that. Great. The one that Pike taught you from her sailing days. Swimming through the tar itself is a slowing process even as an earth elemental. Earthgliding would mean going subterranean to where the actual physical earth and soil is what you can traverse through. The tar is not natural in comparison to your elemental form, so you'd have to go beneath the actual bog. I'd say it's probably anywhere from three to five feet, depending on certain things, that's to get past how much of it has seeped into the ground. Okay. You go down, and you have to get lower the closer you get to it, as the actual seep, the actual depth in which this substance seems to have penetrated the dirt gets lower and lower. You begin to move through as you glide in the darkness. Yeah, every now and then you feel a twitch, a large twitch in the ground, and you kind of shoulder-charger into what seems to be a large root that is dug into the ground. And you start finding little pockets here and there beneath these roots of that awful tar-like substance that have just been pushed into the ground like these little tar geodes, if you will. You start feeling around and finding these large roots that are just a heavy network of chaos beneath the tree. You're now under the tree, probably a good 25, 30 feet below it. You run your hand along the root. It's stiff, the surface of the bark itself is a little rough at the touch. Yeah. Okay, glide backward, away from that large root that you had run into. Not within your vicinity, no. Just the occasional shift, like a very faint movement that's rather sudden in certain areas nearby. You earthglide back up, you guys, after waiting a few minutes, suddenly emerging from the bottom of the bog, you see Keyleth's now covered in black tar-like material, her elemental form emerges. Kinda. She talks. It sounds like a slow-moving rockslide. (rock sounds) Okay, as you drop the form, much of the muck just kind of drops off of where the form once was. A little bit's still clinging to the bottom of your robes, but mostly clean. All right. So with her return, what are you guys gonna do? As you guys rush into the kitchen, and looking around, you can see now every cabinet's pulled off of its hinges and shattered in half, what was a central stone island is now just a pile of smashed granite. Every single possible breakable utensil, platter-- Oh, it is just ruin. You see every servant is now on the ground trying to scoop things up, and as soon as they get a handful to go ahead and set it somewhere, just slapped out of their hand by a fist. With that, what was once a large black cauldron that was used in soup and other sort of base-like liquids, is now, pwang, a large heavy ding is now on the inside in the shape of a fist, and it's half as useful. Make a perception check. Yes, because you haven't rested yet. No difference whatsoever. They all turn to you and kinda go. We'll find out. Your fingers pass through its spectral form. There's no actual-- Passes through again. As you keep going, you're not even sure quite what a 33 is, but you just keep going. The servant stands there, its kind of loosely formless face, other than you can see eyes, a nose, and a mouth, but the features are very plain and translucent, just stay wide and staring straight at you. The servants vanish and come back, you hear a familiar (dinging). Yeah. Bonus round. You take the next half an hour, beating the non-living crap out of this spectral cow, which, every impact has a sound hit. Does not seem to react in pain as much as (distressed mooing). There's no physical damage seen upon its form, it just gets knocked around. All right. Yes, as you hear the growling creature you've never seen before in your life, horns protruding from the front of its bony, armored headpiece, its scaled armored body standing before you, massive, snorting, you just start punching the crap out of it. A little bit? All right. You guys do begin to scrap back and forth for the next ten minutes. 'Cause it takes ten minutes of solid punching and missing for Grog to eventually whittle your triceratops hitpoints down to zero. However, in the process, you do manage to get a bit gored, suffering a total of nine points of piercing damage throughout the entirety of this, just little scrapes and scratches, the occasional puncture wound, but eventually you get one solid crack with the gauntlets across his face, and the triceratops form shifts back down to a tiny little Scanlan Shorthalt. Perception check. No seeming change whatsoever. Although no scarring. The good thing about the gauntlets is that they're powerful enough where all those impacts don't appear to have scratched or dented the surface. You're a little sore. That last hit did carry over a little bit, the form didn't absorb the entirety of the blow. You did come back with, uh. Four points of bludgeoning damage to your chin, so you're, you know, a little bit of blood on the corner of your lip that you can taste, and your jaw is a little sore on the right side. Sure. Okay. All right. So what are you guys doing now? Disadvantage. Okay, you hit up a scale of notes, and one note resonates with the blade, and the harmonic resonance kind of causes it to shake ever so slightly as it kind of amplifies the sound. Go ahead and roll an attack. That definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nine points of damage to you, Grog, as the blade kinda sinks about four inches through one of your pectoral muscles. You pull it out and the blade almost vibrates as it does, it scatters the blood off of its surface as you withdraw it from the wound. It is bloodless. No noticeable change. Nothing. (laughs) Go for it. Take advantage on this one because of your intense singing. All right, go ahead and roll damage. Shnk! Other pectoral muscle now. A matching wound, this one kind of, (yelps), tickles you a little as it goes a little deeper and kinda tickles the outside of a lung. As you withdraw, it kind of rings with the pullback, blood scattered, blade is clean, no noticeable change. There are various carvings on it. There are runes around the base of it. What languages do you know? Yeah, you don't recognize it. Okay, go for it, you can roll that up. Okay. All right. What else do you guys want to do? Okay. Make a perception check. 15. All right. How much time do you spend out there? Yeah. Well, I mean, you need an eight-hour rest for a full night's rest, so it depends how much time you want to push off until you begin taking your rest. Okay. First hour, seemingly no real change. Second hour, go ahead and make another perception check. 17. You do notice a little ways off, some of the tree brush shifts a little bit, and then you see what looks to be a few trees kind of (fwoosh). Seemingly there's now a hole in the canopy where once was straight canopy. There is now a hole in the canopy where there was not previously, seemingly the treetops that filled that space have kind of moved out of the way. Yeah, and glancing about, nothing is really moving in your vicinity, and the area, the part of the canopy that is now missing, is a pretty large area. It would probably have been the sudden removal or shift of multiple trees to leave that opening in the canopy. Yeah. Yeah, it's still in its place. Actually, it would be kind of southwest from where you are now. No, you came southeast, not the direction where you came from, it's still maybe a quarter-mile to a half-mile from where you currently are, so it's not on your path per se. Well, for a full night's rest you're fully healed. All right. You close the door. Okay. Shoes are finished now. They're pretty rough. They're pretty rough. He did pop in briefly to just tell you that. And closes the door. To cover all his bases. Perfect. You did start making your own boots, yeah. Roll a nature check. 14. No. Make 'em work for you. Make 'em work for you. You paid for that shit. I mean, there are a number of things that could've done it, whether it be lumbering, people chopping down trees takes them down. Creatures that are large can push over trees. Trees that are dying and rotting and eventually fall over on their own. It's hard to know from this perspective. You just saw them kind of fall out of the canopy, so you're not sure if it was at an angle or straight down or what. It looks to be just congealed decayed matter. It does not have any properties that you can tell on a chemical level at least that stand out. It is various types of decayed matter, organic matter. Fenthras is elven. There is no direct translation to it, per se, but its name has hints or at least bases of the ancient elven words for protector and growth. I mean, there were pockets or some bit of groundwater in there, but a lot of the dense pockets you found were just deeply seated pockets of that sludge-like material that seems to be produced or put out by the nearby roots. You land (splash), close to knee-deep in the actual muck below you. As you lay there, you slowly sink into it, until you guys just see the outside of Keyleth's face emerge, some of her horned crown sticking out of the muck. A little bit of her chest and her knees and some of the hands emerging, the rest of her is submerged entirely in this muck. You close your eyes and begin reciting the incantation of the spell. You begin to worry as she begins to sink further in, but as she finishes the incantation she stops sinking and it brings her to the surface halfway and keeps her at this balance point there. Suddenly your consciousness kind of extends into all the nearby, and it's rush because there's just life all around you, life itself is dark, it's twisted, but it is living. What do you wish to ask of the nearby essence? The response? Well, your question is, what is feeding the tree? You have to ask a question. Sondur. Sondur is the only response you get. You get no response, it seems like the question doesn't take hold in the connection, there is no answer to that question. It doesn't consume the question asked as part of the incantation. It has to relate to the area, terrain, bodies of water, actual information about individuals? The living essence of the forest would not probably know that. The answer is yes. That's your two questions. You asked one that wasn't effectual, and thus the incantation did not consider it utilized. One more question. Yes. And with that, suddenly, you feel the incantation break its hold with the nearby life sources, you begin to sink once again. As you guys pull up as you reach up and grab it, pulling her free from the swampy morass, and carry her back up to the entrance of the mansion. None of you recognize the word, but it does sound like a name with elvish background or heritage, or at least some sort of ancient elvish roots to the name structure. It doesn't have specific meaning, but there are names you've heard of people of elven lineage that are plays on a similar sound. Well, I mean, the one that's closest to you is your father's, which is Syldor. Totally. You have no idea. Well, you can have one apparate within the mansion, if you wish. Yeah. You did receive a little information about it from Allura, from her research as well. Did you write that down? Last time you were in Whitestone, right before you left for the actual Feywild. There you go. See? Perfect. That was pre-stream. (laughs) You were so excited for a second. So excited. No. Guys. You guys. (laughs) Go ahead and make a history check. 17 is not too bad. Yes. There you go. There was an archfey that existed here that was apparently the holder of Fenthras that was betrayed and his heart became corrupted and thus became the center of this corruption. An archfey, from your knowledge and experience, they're very powerful fey creatures, some largely belonged to some of the leading courts in the Feywild, the Seelie and the Unseelie. Some unaffiliated. Like for instance, in Midsummer Night's Dream, Titania and Oberon would totally be archfey. Very, very powerful and influential fey creatures that both have understanding and powers to bend the surrounding Feywild to their will. Well, the Calamity wasn't against the titans, the Calamity, those were the final battles of the gods physically on Exandria before the Divergence in which they separated from all their creations for good. His heart was corrupted? I don't know why you wrote it down. Sure. Sondur. Was the name you were given. No, I'm just, I'm just enjoying you guys planning and plotting. All right. You guys all taking your long rest? (Various sounds of agreement.) All right. All right, so as you separate and go find your own ways to rest, you guys find your way to your dreams for the evening, getting a full night's rest, HP resolved to full, spells returned, and we're gonna go ahead and take a break here, restroom break for a few minutes, we'll see you guys back here in just a minute. Once again, thank you, Lootcrate, you guys are awesome. All right, we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. [break] Welcome back, everyone. So, we had a quick break, you guys, coming to consciousness the next morning, freshly rested, the smell of some cooked chicken in the downstairs area and a little bit of chicken-skin bacon... Yeah. You all eventually find your way down, breakfast served in a central dining table with no platters, no silverware. The meals are just placed literally on the table. You finish your meal, and you guys prepared yourselves, what are you doing? All right, you put them on. You guys exit the mansion? Okay, necrotic damage is set. Okay. As you guys emerge-- Okay. All right. I don't think you have one purchased and ready. Yeah. All right. So. You guys emerge from the mansion? All right. Roll stealth checks as you emerge from the mansion, up into the boughs of the tree where you left the exit. All right. You emerge. Still the dusklight, that kind of warm purplish-orange perpetual sunset glow in the sky. The tree there remains. You glance out. That little pocket where the trees were is filled once more. The trees now stand, the pocket is now done. Make a perception check as you're looking. 29. About three-quarters of a mile further west from your current location, there is now a different opening in the canopy, similar size, but even further out that way. So. What's the plan? Okay, so. What's the marching order? Scanlan and Keyleth at the front. Who's after them? All right, so Grog's up next. Trinket's behind Grog, all righty. Percy? Vax? Are you guys holding up the rear? And you're on the broom above. All right, got it. All right. All right, so Percy's at the rear, Vax and Trinket are both right behind Grog as you guys push forward. You touch down in the swamp, the actual thickness of the morass, moving forward very slowly with the swamp shoes. Grog, you get two steps before they break under your weight. Okay. But the rest of you, it does help, you are not sinking. Your progress is very slow, slower than it was previously when you were already at half-speed, but you aren't breaking the surface of the actual substance. It is sticky, and you have to pull it forth, and it is tension put on the ropes, but for the most part, most of you are light of foot, and it's not a huge issue. Except for you. Trinket's just up to his elbows, just (sloshing) through the water. He's not enjoying himself. And he just keeps pushing forward. You push onward. It's not too far of a distance, it takes you ten or fifteen minutes to reach the very base of the tree where you had previously scoped out. The large roots climb up ten, 12 feet before emerging from the base of this large tree. Maybe, at this point you can look at it now, taller than you thought at a distance. It's roughly 80 to 100 feet in width and probably over 150 to 200 feet tall. It is just a thick, solid, giant tree. You step up to the heavy roots there, and the mass of vines that are all clustered and matted together. What do you do? All right, so you guys spread out a little bit. Long absence of sound following your statement. Couple of small vines as part of that knotted mess kind of twist tighter and then relax. Does not appear to be any sort of reaction beyond that. All right. You imbue plants within 30 feet of you with limited sentience and animation, giving them the ability to communicate with you and to follow your simple commands. There is no response. This low, cracking, creaking sound of heavy wood on wood-fall begins to slowly emerge in your head. It just says, "I am here." There's a pause. You hear, (snapping sounds), and you notice the vines, some are pulling and snapping while others begin to slowly pull apart. That giant mass of vines that are clustered between two of the large roots that merge with the tree? Begin to untangle and fall free, revealing what appears to be a slowly opening pathway into the tree itself. You now see what looks to be about four and a half feet tall and about three feet wide, a tunnel, like a crack in the bark itself, that disappears into darkness deeper into the tree. Four and a half feet tall, about three feet wide. Well, you're gonna have to practically crawl to get in there, Grog. You can fit, but you're gonna have to crawl. Trinket's gonna have to get down and like-- You can do that too, yeah. Okay. Trinket into the Raven's Slumber. Just Winnie the Pooh you through? Oh, bother. I don't know why he's British suddenly. All right, so, marching order. Who's going in first? Keyleth. And Scanlan, who's going in after them? Vax, Vex. Percy. And then finally Grog. All right. So. As you begin to make your way into this entrance to the tree-- This scent catches you as soon as you step five, ten feet into the darkness. It's metallic, iron-like. Sharp, acrid, uninviting. As you step inside and your hand touches the inside of the entranceway, Keyleth, as soon as your fingers make contact with the slick wood, there's an image that flashes in your head. As you're saying this, your hand's following the side, and it opens up again. You only have about five feet of walking before this tiny tunnel opens up into an interior chamber. His tranus? (All laugh.) Nothing. Are you guys still entering, or have you stopped? Because some of you are still outside of the tree. Okay. So you all eventually make your way inside this space. Okay, it's pitch-black in here, by the way. Percy, you see nothing. The rest of you have some semblance of dark-vision here, so you can see, the interior here, it is wall-to-wall vines and thick, heavy roots. You are definitely on the inside of the tree, this portion of the giant hollow chamber. You can see it kind of lifts up. Entangled webs of these branches and smaller, long-dead trees jutting out inside, like actual smaller physical trees within the large tree. As you all enter, the little bit of light behind you, Grog? Begins to shrink, and you look over your shoulder as the entrance you came through slams closed and you are all left in darkness. The smell gets stronger and stronger. At that point, as Grog, you kind of pull your way through, and you're all standing shoulder-to-shoulder in this dark space, this one singular tree root that's sticking up from the center in two different places. This thin, reedy voice begins to echo through, sourceless around you, that says, "I know you. The moment you touched my sickness, I knew you." At this moment, small patches of fungal clusters begin to illuminate in the room. Areas of the vines and ground just spring to life, and this dull blue glow begins to fill the room with very, very low light. You can just make out shapes. You can see that the vines are just very slowly shifting around you. The walls are not still. That little bit of movement you'd occasionally catch on the outside of the tree, it is perpetual inside here. It is this constant churning mass of living tree. You look up, and you can see all the branches come and mat together into this conical ceiling, where a number of vines drip down and just hang, hundreds of them. You see the vines are slowly coalescing in the center of this upward kind of pinnacle. Slithering one into the next like a thousand slithering snakes. A voice comes out again. "Why do you come here, children of the lost? What purpose brings you to Sondur's madness and pain?" A mass in the ceiling separates ever so slightly, and you watch as two feet descend from this strange apex. You now see the feet are a full creature, held aloft by connected tendrils of black plant matter, emanating from the back and shoulders, as it slowly descends from the ceiling. A thin, elf-like individual, their body comprised of hundreds of small plants, leaves, and thorns. The only semblance of flesh you see across the face is the nose, the eyes, and the mouth. The rest of it just slowly giving way to a similar nest of plant-like vines that completely fill the exterior of this room. It slowly touches down, its feet hitting the ground, and as it does, the tendrils all detach and withdraw back into the ceiling, leaving it there, arms to its side, its head down. Its face comes up, its eyes immediately open with this bright yellow glow that kind of bathes you. You can see the form, the edges of all of your allies now, even being framed by this light that's just pouring forth from its face. You all bow before this creature. Do you bow? All right. All right. "You all come here, but one of you is the reason." It looks straight towards you. The light focuses and narrows from his eyes. "You. Sweet, broken Vex'ahlia. Unwanted daughter, unproven ally. Selfish and cruel. You drive those "whom you would call family into danger and death for your own gain. I understand you." There's a softness and sadness to the face as he takes one step in your direction. "You are lost without form. Without knowing who you are, child. "You stand shattered by expectation. "Presenting an illusion of confidence. Behind it, you never left that bloodied girl, "dagger in hand, body at your feet. You are a killer, run as you may. The tears you cry are not "in vain, my sweet, my dear Vex'ahlia. You can rise above your trembling destiny. I have lived a "thousand years and a day. I have seen many things. I can grant many gifts." "You mistake. My intent is not to hurt, but to understand. I see lots of my youth in you. "We are not as different as you may think. You have things I do not. Companionship. "I have been without for so very long. And the ones I have let in have hurt me so very deeply." His eyes actually cast away from you for a second and he steps back into place. Almost seems to, his confident form withdraws into this almost hanging, sad position. We all have in some degree, yes. I don't even remember. I just know that I'm alone and she left me there. Memories have faded. I just want someone to understand me, that's all. Can you understand me? "Is there trust in you?" His form steps forward once more, his head tilted, looking at you curiously. I wish a bond. A companion once more. Would you embrace me? Embrace your rebirth? I could give you so much. I could give you the means to protect them. Your home. Your heart. He withdraws a moment. The tendrils whip out again and connect into his back, and he's pulled aloft, back, further in. "All I ask is one who knows my pain. What is your answer?" Roll an attack. Roll an attack. All right. Go ahead and roll damage. 16 points of piercing damage. As the arrow hits his form as he's being pulled up-- (gasps)-- you hear the air escape like he had the wind knocked out of him. His glowing yellow eyes blink, blink, and his jaw kind of hangs open. There in the low-lit darkness. And you watch as more of that black, thick tar just begins to pour from his mouth onto the ground, splattering and seeping into the floor. His jaw slowly closes. "Then I am to be alone." He reaches his hand up, and you watch-- -- as these vines reveal and give to him this large curved bow that he grasps in his hand. The other vines curl around his body, and you can see his form begin to build, like his actual body begins to grow as the vines become part of him. His face of flesh disappears behind an exterior of dark and gnarled wood. The voice grows deep as he all of a sudden withdraws into the side of the tree itself, and then bursts forth, landing on the ground. Not an elf-like entity, but some sort of gnarled root-like tree creature, holding Fenthras in one hand. Your choice is made. Become another memory here and keep me company in oblivion. The two dead trees quake and begin to lift up-- -- from the sides of the tree. Everyone roll initiative. All right, so. 25 to 20, anybody? 21. Nice. All right, and so. Vax, Percy, 21, er, 20 to 15? All righty. All right, and then... 14? Okay. All righty. So, top of the round, Vax. You have first up. You're currently over here. I understand. This right here is part of the root that is growing up in the center of this tree. There are two trees on the side that are shifting, and the actual large dark-rooted form that is now Sondur is over here on the far side. No. All righty, go for it. You do. 26 hits. Hits. 21. All three hit. It is. All the sneak attack damage! Percy, you're up next, just so you're aware. 30, nice. Great, all right. You, tapping the boots, rush out behind Grog, fling all three daggers, all seem to stick into the wood-armored exterior of Sondur's treant form. You see he kind of pulls back a bit from the impact. Damage definitely has been sustained unexpectedly. You're right there, your sister is right there. So you're about 10 feet from her. All righty. There you go. All right, that finishes your turn. That brings us to Percy. Okay. Okay. All right, natural 20. That is 21, so yeah, it manages to maintain it. Dice times two. 38 points of damage. 44 points of damage on the critical hit. All right. The impact manages to hit part of the wood, it splinters, not doing as much damage as you'd expect it would. It's still a nice hit, but the form seemed to resist it-- All right. All righty. Ability checks, not saving throws. That hits. 17, so no. The bow gets dropped. Okay. So you fire the second shot, does hit, a little crack of impact, the wood on the exterior splinters a bit, the necrotic hit does still push through. All right, that finishes your turn, as Fenthras gets blasted off, a finger's actually missing from the impact. A finger begins to grow back. All right, Grog. Actually, no, before you're up, we're at count 20. All right. So. Suddenly the ground quakes for a second, part of the roots expand-- -- and a cloud of gas begins to fill a small area about that big. I need Scanlan, Keyleth, Vax, and Vex to make a constitution saving throw. Nice. All right. Okay. (All laugh.) -- catch your breath and keep below the poison cloud as it dissipates in the vicinity of you, so you reduce the damage to each of you guys to be 12 points of poison damage to all of you guys. So that's 12 points of poison damage to each one of you guys. Now, Grog, it's your turn. All right. You can get right there, you're not quite close enough to hit. All right. Go for it. 20 total? All righty. (background music becomes distorted) I know, I have a new iPad coming, actually. It's in the budget, having issues, strangely. Which is a shame, because this works really well for this battle. I dunno. Maybe. I'll try. Yeah, I don't wanna tear it. Whatever, it's fine, it's fine. It's working better. Okay, cool. We're good. So, Grog, what was your attack roll? That does just barely hit. Go ahead and roll damage. 24 points-- 28 points of damage. The axe, with all your heaving might behind it, travels the ten feet to slam into the chest of Sondur. Reaches up and tries to grab it, smashing it between his hands to hold it there. Go ahead and make your strength to pull it back. 18, yeah, that works fine, okay. Yeah, he did. Yeah. But not as impacting on the necrotic damage as much as you'd hoped. Yeah, you guys have all done damage to him, it was just generally lesser than you hoped it would be. Well, his just, he just sneak attacked. But anyway. So you pull the axe back, grab it from the chain, it's back in your grip, you're fine, you're good to go. Does that end your turn? All right, at the end of your turn, he's gonna go ahead and burn two legendary actions to cast a spell. All right. I need-- (laughs) I need everyone, all of you, to make a dexterity saving throw. He is, yes. Okay. All right, go ahead and make your d20 plus six. Okay. Correct. 24? All right. He goes to create this spell, and suddenly it fizzles in midair, unable to actually take effect. (Sam rings a bell.) All right, so that finishes that. Ending Grog's turn, the legendary actions return now. Yes. Yeah, it comes back at the end of his next round. At the beginning of his round, you watch as his form begins to seal up the wounds he had taken, beginning to heal ever-so-slightly. He reaches down and grabs the bow from the ground, and you watch as he sinks down into the ground, roots reaching up and grabbing him, and he vanishes into the bottom of the tree. And reemerges-- -- way up in the top of the tree, out of the branches up there, his upper torso extends outward and he pulls back the bow-- -- and begins just unleashing arrows that are forming out of his hand, these thin thorn-like arrows are built out of his viny-like arm, and he pulls back and releases them as they snap as arrows towards you guys. He's going to make a bramble-shot attack at you, Grog. That is going to be 21. That hits. All right. So you take 14 points of piercing damage, reduced to half, so you take seven points, plus four points of lightning damage. Plus an additional 18 points of piercing damage. Halved to nine. As the arrow hits you, and then bursts into a series of jagged, thorny vines that wrap around you. I need you to make a strength saving throw. 22. You feel the bramble vines wrap around you and try to hold you in place, and you just angrily burst out of them. You are not restrained. He's gonna go ahead and unleash two more arrows-- -- this time towards you, as he's kind of focused now on the-- Yeah. He's not too happy with being rejected, it seems. The first one is 24 to hit. Second is a 25 to hit. All right. So you take-- 13 points of damage with one lightning, and, that's a lucky roll, eight points of piercing damage with one lightning. As two additional arrows just wh-whack! right inside of you, and you look down and can see these large, thin stiletto-like wooden forms that are just pierced into your armor and cut into your flesh. Yeah. Right. Yep. That's gonna end Sondur's turn. The two dead trees that you saw quaking on the sides suddenly burst out, the roots becoming legs, and you watch as two treants emerge from the sides of the tree. Large sort of freed and sentient trees begin stomping forward towards you guys. This one is going to go ahead and rush up to you folks, while this one is gonna go right for Percy, which is right in its side there. Two slam attacks against you, Percy. That is a 19 to hit. And a natural 20. All right. That sucked. For you. Right, so the first hit, you take 17 points of bludgeoning damage. The second hit, 28 points of bludgeoning damage, as the giant tree just whack! And as soon as you try and get out of the way, the giant fist comes down and slams you right across the neck and shoulders, causing you to take a knee, and you can feel the muscle pop from some sort of overextension. The giant tree now, you can see its bark contorted in this angry face as it pours more of that black oil-like liquid out of the corner of its mouth. The other one that's rushed up against the two of you is going to go ahead and take one hit against you, Vex, and two hits against you, Vax. Sorry, it only gets two slams. One on each. My apologies. One against you, Vex, is going to be sixteen. You duck out of the way and it actually slams the large root tree to the front of you. The other one goes to Vax. That is going to be a 26 to hit. Okay, so you take-- Rolled an 18 on the second one, so it still hits you. So that effect goes away, but you would take 18 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to nine because of your Uncanny Dodge. All right, that ends their turn. Now it is Scanlan and Keyleth's turn. What are you guys doing? All righty. Up there? Okay. DC of what on the spell? That, yeah, he makes his save with a 19. So half-damage, go ahead and roll that, five charges? Yes, so-- Correct. 33. Half that for 15, or 16 actually, sorry. 16 points of fire damage as the Fireball bursts up where you can see some of the roots are blown off and a bit of the upper ceiling collapses and hangs for a second. It looked like he took damage from it, yeah. It didn't seem to catch fire, no. In fact, the decaying liquid it seems to be spewing out of it, it's almost-- Yeah, it's preventing any flame from catching on the creature in the vicinity as the flames slowly go out. The vines begin to reform to close up the ceiling, and you see Sondur is still kind of gliding through the vines and using them to move along the upper outside of the tree. Is that going to be the end of your movement? You can cast it at any level you want to as a bonus action. Since you didn't actually cast a spell, you used the wand. Plus six, technically, because your charisma went up. You take that god damn inspiration. Ten hit points as the song pushes your healing at a rapid pace because it's so inspiring. All right. Are you staying where you are, Scanlan? Yeah, you moved ten feet, so you're gonna stay there? Okay. Keyleth. Appear to be, yeah. From what you can tell. Okay. So you're gonna move next to this tree, then? Is that what you're gonna do? Right, but Tree Stride, you have to, you have the ability to enter a tree. You must use five feet of movement to enter a tree. Right. Okay. Where once was Keyleth is now a fire elemental. Okay. So you're using this to just stay within the tree while punching it on fire. Yep. Okay, go for it. So, make your attack rolls against this treant. 25 hits, yep. Just barely hits. Don't forget your additional, because even if you're a fire elemental you still get your additional fire damage. Correct. 16 points of fire damage, all right. All right, the next one? All right. All right, so go ahead and roll another d10. You notice as you tear into its body with the Tree Stride to open it up, it looks down confused as you pull into it and then just begin pummeling and scraping the inside of its form. As you do so, from the inside, what little bit of fire retardant-like black liquid was somewhat dried or coated on these, not as thick as it was on Sondur, not only has it caught fire but the wood here is very, very ready for kindling, and it's vulnerable to fire, everything in that was doubled, so you just tear into it-- (All yell.) It's having a bad day right now. Is that the end of your turn? All right. Ending Keyleth's turn, that brings us to Vex, you're up. Okay, as you pull back it does get an attack of opportunity on you. That is an 18 plus ten, 28. So you take-- -- 17 points of bludgeoning damage as you rush back-- -- and the flaming treant just reaches out and strikes you across the back of the head, almost sending you tumbling to the ground. Giant dull thud in the back, you can feel the headache growing in your skull, but you continue forward. Yes. Go for it. Misses. Misses. But the critical hit, so go ahead and roll damage for the critical. Yeah, double the dice and then add the bonus at the end. 41 points of damage. Right, that was the sky sentinel. You didn't double the bonus, right, that was just the dice roll? Shit, yeah, with Hunter's Mark, yeah, that's slick. All right, go for it. Go for it. 30 hits, yes. He is roughly 30 feet up. 22 points of damage. Nice. He's getting up towards the roof, yeah. As the two arrows shhhk to the side, the one single arrow pierces into the side of his chest and arm where Percy had shot before, and the arrow disappears into the side, and you see a burst of electrical energy causing the one arm that was getting ready to pull one of its thorny arrows kind of goes limp for a second, and a second arrow just shoots right in the side of the face and is now protruding from underneath his cheekbone. (angry breathing) You'd have to-- Your broom is kind of slung over your shoulder. You're right there. Right, no worries. At the end of your turn, he's going to use two of his legendary actions to try and cast a different spell, actually. He begins to, from up there above, lifts his hand up like this. I need everyone but Grog to make a dexterity saving throw, including the treants. Okay. All right. So go ahead and roll, plus six. Nope. Sorry. Close, you were one off. So dexterity saving throws for the treants. Nope. And nope. So Vax succeeds. Grog, you don't have to worry about it, 'cause you're out of the radius. Yes, you are. This is a dexterity saving throw. All right. Vax, only you succeed. Suddenly you feel as if there is a sense of weightlessness, or at least you're being drawn at a very intense speed upward in the room. Vax, you manage to reach down and grab one of the roots on the ground and hold yourself there while the rest of you are thrown, including the treants, at a similar velocity as you would plummet off a cliff, but upward. Up into the ceiling and roof, slamming into the roots, crack! And then gravity returns to normal and all of you fall, once again, slamming back down onto the ground. You still take bludgeoning damage as an elemental. It's about 50 feet at the top. That's a total of 24 points of bludgeoning damage to all of you except for Vax. You take half that, because-- Not you, Grog, you're unaffected by it. Yeah. But the treants also take it. All righty. End of Vex's turn. Vax, you're up. You watch as all of your friends and the treants come crashing down from the ceiling, slamming, you hear the groans of various people getting up off of root knots on the ground. Your feet come back to you, and it's your go. In fact, everybody here for the most part is prone, yes. Technically, yes. All righty, go for it. That definitely hits. Hits. Hits. All three hit. Percy, you're up next. No, it does not succeed, it rolled a one. All righty. Sorry, how much on the first attack again? Make sure I got it right. Yeah, we're good, we're good. All right, third strike? Eight, got it. As it's on the ground, sprawled out, flames still burning off of it, you leap up onto its thigh and come down to some of the open wound that Keyleth's fire elemental's been tearing through, you're just prying into it with your daggers and pulling the bark back, revealing its softer, burning underwood, if you will. You do a sincerely awful amount of damage to it, and it looks like the creature's already in dire straits. One of the treants, yes. Does that end your turn? This way? Oh, this way. The one that's not flaming? This way. Okay. You're about there with your movement. All right. Oh yeah, double speed, you'd actually get closer to there if you wanted. All right, that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Actually, at the end of Percy's turn he's gonna use his last legendary action to go ahead and make an attack with Fenthras. As he sees you running past, Vax, he goes ahead and takes one arrow shot at you as you're running super fast across the floor. No, because, well, no-- -- no, you did, at the beginning of your turn it did, you're right. So. Good thing, too, 19 and a one. It goes to fire but you're too quick, and as it releases its spikelike arrow, you hear it go right past you, catching the edge of the cloak and actually going through it, leaving a small hole in the corner, but no impact to you. All right, so now, Percy, it's your turn. You're both prone, you can walk away without it getting an attack of opportunity, you just spend half your movement to get up. Okay. Okay. This is with Retort, right? Hits the nearby wood, splinters off one of the vines, sending a shower of broken wood chips. Can't quite catch a bead on it. Being a human without dark vision, it's hard to see it in the low glowing light. But at a distance. That misses. (All groan.) Ending Percy's turn, that brings us to our next set of lair actions. All right. Suddenly all the vines on the nearby walls on the inside of the tree whip out and begin grabbing anyone nearby. Percy, Scanlan, Keyleth, and Vax, you guys are all of a sudden, the vines try and wrap around you. They pull you back. So yeah. The vines try and wrap around you, Keyleth, and burn in the process. You are still pulled right against the wall. I need Vax, Scanlan, and Percy to make a strength saving throw. Yes. 20, okay. Vax and Percy, you guys manage to break free of the vines. Scanlan, you are considered grappled, so your speed is zero. The vines are actually holding you against the side. They're not hurting you or anything, but you cannot actually move from your space 'cause you're being held against the wall of the tree. That ends the legendary action. Grog, you're up. Sondur, yes you can. There are vines hanging from the ceiling, but he himself just kind of sunk into the tree and then emerged above, he himself does not have any wayward vines that are just hanging. Probably a couple, yeah. Make an athletics check. With disadvantage. And then you have advantage because you're raging, so just a straight roll on that. 23, all right, let me check and see how far you can actually climb at that speed. I'd say your physical strength and your ability to just kind of one hand over hand, not even pull up, especially with your Titan gauntlets and that type of a roll, you could probably get right up to him, but that's gonna be your action to get up there. So you'll only have your bonus action left at that time, but essentially you climb up and get right up to where he is at the top of the tree. As he's up there pulling the bow back, getting ready to, you see another pointed arrow kind of shift out of his arm, you come right up to his face and you're right there holding on with the vines, with the axe hanging over your shoulder with the chain. Yes, you can. All righty. That's your turn? All right. It is now Sondur's turn. All righty. No, not so much. Sondur takes Fenthras and actually lets go of it to his side, and these vines grab it and hold it in place just wherever he lets it go. As he pulls back, his fingers curl up into these giant, extremely hard petrified root-like clusters, and he just starts starts whaling on you as you're holding onto that vine. Three strikes against you. The first one is gonna be a 25. Second one is a 23. Third one is a 15. It hits you, but just not enough to do any damage. So, looking at this, that brings it to, oh no, that's two. 14 points of bludgeoning damage on the first one, halved. And the second one-- 22 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to 11. I need you to go ahead and make a strength saving throw to maintain your hold on that vine. As he just bats you around. 21. It punches you twice, and your grip causes you to slide a foot, but you catch yourself and you're still maintaining yourself. The vine is now swinging from the impact, and you're in the process of this weird momentum where you're passing by a little out of control with your movement up in the air of the inside of this tree. So that's gonna end its action. You now watch as Sondur reaches up and grabs the bow again and shifts into the tree to get away from you. You do get an attack of opportunity, though. As you come around, watching him sink in with your one hand on the axe. (laughs) No. So go ahead, I will say the damage is gonna be a 1d10 rather than a 1d12, just for the sake of, you're swinging with one hand. All right, so 23 points of slashing damage as you come around, as the vine is arcing around, whack! You cleave through, catch part of the side of the shoulder and the jaw. Part of this hard bony root exterior actually gets carved off and you see more black ooze spill out from underneath as it shrieks, pulling back into the tree. You watch him vanish, you're still left there. As high up as Sondur can get, right at the edge, actually emerging out of the ceiling portion of the top of it, ten feet higher than he was before, he comes out with Fenthras. Before, he was out of the wall, before the ceiling even came up into a cone. He's now coming out of the ceiling in another part. Now hanging out halfway and ready to go ahead and let loose with a bow, that's gonna end his turn, however. Right now he's 40 feet up. Yep. That ends his turn, it is now the treants' go. They both get up, using half their movement. (laughs) Let's see. That one currently is just being harried with the flames on the inside, it takes, does it take any damage on its turn? Go ahead and do 1d10 damage to him. As it begins to take the damage, it begins to pat out the flames, but as it does, the fire just roars into this inferno, and you hear it give out this creaking, painful (pained groan) as it tumbles forward in a timber fashion, the flames actually burning the life essence out of the treant. It falls to the ground, dead, smoldering. You pop out of his form as the living entity is no longer living and you are but an elemental now. I'm gonna leave him there just for reference, because it is a big thing to get through. But you are now pushed off to the side. That treant is gone. The other one gets up and steps over to Percy. You did. As you just manage to avoid that, the treant comes up and goes into a double-slam against you. That is gonna be 19. And 21. All righty. You take-- 13 points of bludgeoning damage. 20 points of bludgeoning damage on the second hit. It's now pushing you up against the side of the tree. You can feel the roots hitting the back of your head, and as you ricochet off the impact, you come into another fist right to the face. You feel the nose break under the impact and possibly a tooth get loose as you spit blood out the side. It was a rough hit on you. All right. That ends the treants' turn. Scanlan and Keyleth, you're up. You're grappled, and currently prone. You're over there. But because your movement is zero and you're grappled, you cannot get up. So right now you are prone and stuck to a wall. You can pull out a wand, you're just at disadvantage for all attacks right now. You have disadvantage on attack rolls, and any attack rolls against you have advantage, yeah. If they're within five feet of you. Otherwise they have disadvantage. Correct. It is, it's hard because you're on the ground and he's right there. It's your call. It's a tough circumstance here, because to hit the treant from your perspective, you'd have to hit behind it, but you have no view behind it because you're on the ground. I mean, if you want to try that, I'll give you a roll, and based on how good you roll it may or may not hit an ally. All righty. How many more-- Okay. Seven total left? Or total? Well no, you used five last time. What does it say on the actual item? It's a good thing it's in the Dungeon Master's Guide. God damn it, Sam. Let me know these things, I can get you the item printout. Okay. Wand of Fireballs, has seven charges. You can use an action to expend one or more charges to cast the Fireball spell. For one charge, it's the level three, and for each additional charge it's more than that. So. So you used three charges, you have four charges left, yes. Oh, three more? All right. Go for it. That'll be another 10d6. We'll see if he makes his saving throw. It does not make the saving throw, it's gonna use its legendary resistance to automatically make it. Yeah. What's your question, Grog? Yeah, where when it hits you you can use your reaction, but you used your reaction to get an attack of opportunity, so you still hit him. But essentially, they don't have to do that now. As long as they hit you, you can use your reaction to just hit them back. So yeah, as long as you stay within melee-- I mean, you can only do it once, because you only get one reaction. And you technically already hit him with that. Same thing, so you used your attack of opportunity, so you can do that whenever anybody hits you. You're good, but good to remember. 29. Halve that, 14 points of fire damage. As another Fireball bursts into the air, lighting up the room even brighter for an instant. You can see now as the smoke clears, the front of Sondur's form is black and beginning to char with each blast of flame. A lot of the oil has dried off and is now coming off in clumps. Almost like dried mud. All right. That's right, this is a healing spell, all right. All right, Keyleth. All right. Did you take damage from the fall earlier? Make a concentration check. Yeah. So just add your constitution modifier. As a fire elemental. Yes. Yeah, so Tree Stride has faded. Sorry. Concentration spells when you take damage, man. Into his space. Go ahead and make your attacks. Keyleth must embrace her anger to actually make the dice work for her. I like that. Are you rolling with advantage? No. Sorry, I saw you roll two dice, so I... those are both attacks at once? Got you. You have two slam attacks. Did you roll to hit on those? That's what I'm asking. Do that first. Both hit. Okay. And for the first one, it was... Yeah. And he's on fire. All righty. The flames burn up into his form, he starts shrieking as the flame starts curling up its body, it does not like being on fire. That end your turn? All righty. At the end of your turn, Sondur is gonna go ahead and-- Is gonna cast another spell. The bow's held aloft, he looks down and sees you on the ground, Vex. And just extends his fingers and says, "You had your choice." Make a constitution saving throw. 20? Success. (All cheer.) 31 halved... you take 16 points of necrotic damage. As the Blight spell takes over-- -- you feel the vines wrap around you and the life force pulled from your form momentarily. Suddenly they crack and break as you shove them off, the air pulled from your lungs, and you gasp for air, holding onto that last little sliver of life you still have. All righty. Now it's your turn, Vex. Yes. You're still prone on the ground, by the way. All right, so that's half your movement. You can. Yep. Greater healing would be 4d4 plus four. Actually, you should make a concentration check because of the Blight damage, which I forgot to take as far as the fall damage earlier as well, so make two concentration checks. Yeah, so add your constitution modifier. Yeah, no, that's faded, sorry. Actually, Percy, I need you to make a concentration check as well. I need to get better at that. Two, one for each slam. Yeah, add your constitution modifier. Yeah, so the Hex has also faded, sorry. Okay, go for it. What level are you casting it at? Yes you can. Go for it! So go ahead and roll the attack. No, it's just a regular attack, and if it hits-- because you cast the spell as a bonus action onto an arrow, release the arrow, and if it hits-- 27 hits. So you do damage for the arrow, plus an additional 4d10 damage, yeah. Nice. Yep. 20 points of damage to him. Nice. As you release the arrow, it sticks into his chest. (chuckles) "You will--" (explosion sound) It just bursts in his chest, these thorns go spraying into him and the nearby area, just like a pipe bomb went off in his chest, and he's just like (gasping roar of pain). All right. And do you want to move or stay where you are? Okay. Okay, you grapple onto that tree. End of your turn, he's gonna use his last legendary action to make one attack with Fenthras back at you out of anger. That is a 25. All right. Sure. What are you gonna do? What do you say? That is fantastic. That's really quite good. Unfortunately, they fall on deaf ears, he's beyond 60 feet from you, and doesn't hear the insult. But you're over there. Just on the cusp. At an angle, let me see here, 'cause he's about 55 feet from you and then is 40 feet up, yeah, at the angle, he's just out of range. Just misses him. Yeah, he's just out of the range. You shout it, it echoes, it was a great insult, but he's too focused-- -- and looses the arrow. It manages to catch you for... 15 points of piercing damage and one point of lightning damage. All right. Up at the top of the round. Vax, you're up. That appears to be the case, yes. Yes, you can. Go for it. 28 hits. Hits. Hits, all three hit. 30 points. Ten, all righty. You rush up from the side, seeing the inferno engulfing the creature as it's shrieking in pain, you rush up and just start stabbing it repeatedly, throwing your dagger up into the various exposed parts of its bark form. You can see it's actually breaking apart from the inside. It's still holding itself together, but it's looking pretty rough. What's the radius, Keyleth? What's the radius to take damage? When they come within a certain area of you? No, you're right, it doesn't affect, you're fine, you're fine. You're good. You can feel the heat, it's emanating from it, definitely. All right. That end your turn, Vax? Percy, you're up. Go for it. 25 hits. Hits. Hits. All three hit. (A dice clings loudly against a glass.) On the first hit? Rolled together? I was like, holy shit. Yeah. As it's on fire and shrieking, you pull the sword out and, seeing the wounds that Vax already left open, you leap up off of one knee, leap up, spin it around, and jam it into the center where you see the bark is actually splitting, and with that, you look down at Keyleth, and together, she forces outward as you dig down with the blade. The treant actually splits up the middle and then just falls to two sides and begins to burn from the inside. He is dead and on the ground there, just burning. Percy, do you want to move or do you stay where you are? Over here? Like there, or around this way, you mean? Ten feet away. Okay. Yes? He did. You weren't there and he was walking through the swamp, yeah. It's now count 20. So. First you watch as a low mist begins to slowly filter into the room. Everyone in this radius here, it's gonna be Keyleth, Vax, Percy, and Vex, I need you all to make a wisdom saving throw. Yes, as the fog fills the-- 21. Jesus Christ. You feel like the fog as it fills your senses begins to cloud your mind and your vision begins to blur, but then you shake it from your mind and focus in and it has no effect on you. Lot of fucking help that did. At which point, the area that it closed before, where you guys entered, you hear this loud creaking sound and the breaking of wood and bark. Suddenly you watch as it's forced open as these two feral claws (growls). (All cheer.) Looks up and sees Sondur. "So be it." And begins jumping onto the wall and climbing and running up the side of the actual-- Parkour, indeed. Gets up and runs, and he only manages to get just up to where we'll say where Sondur is there in his turn. But he's now right up in the face of Sondur. Sondur's like, (grunts). All right, that ends his turn, 20, Grog, you're up. Yes. This will be the majority of your movement and your action to do so. All right. So you, go ahead and make an athletics check. With advantage. At disadvantage because of your skill check, so just regular attack. What'd you roll? Getting your momentum, you pull back and your feet catch the edge, and you push off, and you swing out, and as you reach for the next vine (snapping sound). You plummet to the ground. That puts you, you take eight points of bludgeoning damage and fall prone. I mean, you still have your bonus action. No, half your movement, but yeah, you won't be able to this turn, so. Uh. Let me double-check the specifics for the rage here, if it's, just to make sure. No, you took damage, so it maintains. (All cheer.) All right. So. That ends Grog's turn. It is now Sondur's turn. Sondur, who is looking at this sudden large werewolf entity that shows up out of nowhere knows he has to get away from this, and is gonna go ahead and attempt to begin by vine-walking into the, well he heals a little bit first, sorry. And then he's gonna go ahead and vine-walk into the wall. Ukurat does get an attack of opportunity on him. That does hit, a 27. So he takes 15 points of slashing damage. And vanishes back into the wall and emerges on this side here. Over here. From there, he's gonna go ahead and make three attacks with Fenthras. First one's gonna be at you, Vex. That is a 20. Aw. You suffer 15 points of piercing damage and four points of thunder damage, or, uh, lightning damage. 19. Shhnk. The first arrow hits you and you take the damage and lean against the tree, and you're still standing. He goes, (angry roar), pulls back and takes another shot. Same exact roll, 20, hits you again. Natural nine on that one. This one is going to be... that is eight plus three, eight points of piercing damage plus three points of lightning, so. With that, Vex falls unconscious onto the ground. With his third and final shot of the round, he's gonna look down at, I'm gonna say at Percy, who's right below. Take a shot at Percy. Natural 20. It works against you, sometimes. 23 points of piercing damage and four points of lightning. Okay. Correct. Okay, plus four lightning, so 17. We can say you bring up the glove and it does-- Yeah, it takes the damage, but you kind of bring it up instinctually and it does seem to rev some charge to it. There you go. All right. That ends his turn. The treants are gone. Let's see. That's gonna bring us to Scanlan and Keyleth. Yeah, I mean, you have some sort of physicality to you, it's just somewhat fluid in its structure. Yeah. Okay. That would be your action, yeah. So as you run up to Scanlan, he's telling you this. What are you doing? Okay, so you move over there and you hold your action waiting for Scanlan to... Okay. All right. Scanlan. Yeah. So 1d4 plus six. So you heal eight. You come to consciousness again on the ground, face-down, you can see the sludge sort of filling in your nostrils-- All righty. Next to Keyleth. Okay. Okay. Roll a d20 plus eight. That is the strength of Bigby's Hand throwing the elemental. 24. You lob the elemental in a wide arc. It makes it most of the way, and then falls past and lands on the ground there. You are by him. Not quite a hit on that one, unfortunately. But you do take five points of bludgeoning damage from the fall. A 25 or higher would have got to him. He's a long ways away! That's halved. You held your action, so you can still use your action to do something if you can. Yeah, it's a melee thing. No, just your action. To get through, I'd say... what's your speed as an elemental? 50? It took you 25 to get there, you still have 25 feet, I would say. Make an athletics check. Using the strength of the fire elemental. Add your strength modifier. What'd you roll? Five? You start climbing up, you get maybe five feet up the wall, but already the impact of the fall and most of your round exhausted you for this one pass. Okay, cool. Ending your turn, Keyleth. Vex, you're up. Yeah, you're conscious, you're on the ground. Actually, hold on. Sorry, I'm gonna be a dick here. He's getting his legendary actions back at the end of Keyleth's turn, watching Scanlan heal you, he's gonna use another one of his legendary actions to take an attack on you as you come to consciousness on the ground. He does attack at disadvantage, though, because you are prone. That puts him at a 16. He fires an arrow, but it hits the ground inches from your face. You see the spike impact and then turn to dust. All right, so take your turn. Yeah. Yeah, that is 8d4 plus eight. That is one of the pricy healing potions. 28 you heal, yeah. Well, you get up, which is half your movement, so you have five, 15 more feet, so you can move three squares. No. You can get there, is the closest you can get. Okay. No, your Hail of Thorns is a bonus action, and you already used your heal spell, so no. Yeah, you do. Go for it, roll for the attacks. Vax, you're up next, by the way. Go for it. The first one is the flaming bowstring. 17. The flaming shot unfortunately goes wide, slams into the wall next to him and the flame curls up. Second hit does hit, so roll damage. 15 points of damage? All righty. Well, that was your full movement was to get there, so. To get behind the tree? Hmm, you wouldn't really have much of a shot at him. I guess he-- You would've been there, suuuure. I normally don't let that retroactively happen. I'm gonna say you're halfway through. You're sort of there. All right. So. That brings us to Vax. You're up. She did, yes. Actually, uh, he is, but at the end of Vex's turn he's going to take a second shot. No, he's gonna use his other two legendary actions to cast another spell. Angry that she gets up and runs off to the side, he says, "You stay DOWN." I need you to make another constitution saving throw. Yes. 19? What's your constitution modifier? That's true. Nice. All righty. That is... 41 points of necrotic damage, halved to 20, you take 20. But a second Blight is used. All right. Vax, now it's your turn. He would be, yes. There's people around you, but there's nobody next to him. All righty. All of a sudden, the giant raven wings streak out from each side of you and the air in the entirety of the room begins to swirl around you, your hair gets tossed, as the giant wings begin to push him into the air. The raven-like dagger-wielding champion of the Raven Queen leaps up and finds himself face-to-face with Sondur, blades out. Go ahead and make your attacks. There you go. Yeah you are! Vax, go for it. Hits. Hits. All righty. As you jam both blades into the side, the flames kind of curling up from the hit of one, the poison dagger jammed into the other, the head descends and the mouth opens and from the inside you can see the semblance of the human-like face you saw before come peek through, leaning out, almost like the queen alien's secondary mouth. It kind of leans into your face, and the grin curls up in this evil smile. "I'll take both of you at this rate. There's only so many betrayals one can survive." It clinks back into the head, the jaw closes. That finishes your turn, Vax. Percy, you're up. At the end of Vax's turn... no, he can't, he already used his spell, you're right. Okay. 24 hits. Okay, that is a two, he's gonna use a legendary resistance, the second one, to make the save. Yes. All right. Right, but it means he has disadvantage, but even if he fails, which he would've in that case, he still gets to make it automatically as part of the legendary resistance. For a legendary resistance, it does. Which is why if you can burn through those early, then they're a little more vulnerable. All right. How much damage did the first one do? Nice! (gunshot sound) Hits. Three hits. Go ahead and roll the other two damage, now. So you hit with all three, so. Oh, those were the damage. Oh, I'm sorry. Yeah. 28, sorry, all right, and then the third one. Roll to hit. All righty. Nice. So (three gunshots) you can see now he's starting to sag as he hangs outside of the wall with the daggers still held in him by Vax, both impacts, each blast hitting the side of his torso, you can see now the wooden-armored exterior is shattered and there's just this writhing mass of dark veiny vines holding his torso together. He's looking pretty rough. Grog, you're up. Yes. Right there? Yes. Slick. So let's go ahead and roll for that. Let me see what you have to do for that. Do you have the item rules there? What does it say? Right. So go ahead and roll to hit, what was the hit? It hits, go ahead and roll damage. Well, when you hurl it, you don't roll to hit with it. Five feet wide, it extends out from you to the target within 120 feet. Each creature in the line, excluding you and the target, must make a DC... no, you're right, I read too far ahead. Yeah, you're good, so 4d6 lightning damage. 12 points of lightning damage? How do you want to do this? (All scream and cheer.) As you just shove it upward-- As you chuck the javelin, you see it burst forth with lightning-based propulsion magic. It sinks into the center of the jaw, which the eyes go wide, the jaw hangs open loosely, and you can see the secondary face of Sondur inside, the javelin pierced through his jaw now, his eyes wide, and you see the hand reach up to try and grab the back of the vines. As he does, the javelin bursts into a shockwave of electrical energy, scattering his body into a hundred pieces across the wall, falling off. Vax, you are pushed back from the force of it, tumbling, manage to catch yourself in the air with your wings, still flying, as the rest of Sondur's body just comes clattering to the ground in chunks. The javelin clatters to the ground. You manage to dig yourself out of your vines and rush up to Keyleth. With the hand, oh yeah. The hand darts over, grabs the fire elemental, and just kinda (sound of throwing and catching). A loud impact sounds as Ukurat lands. Go for it. Yes. Okay. As she finishes healing herself, Ukurat walks up towards the center of the room where you're standing next to her, and just kind of pushes the currently now-smoldering body of the treant to the side. "A little late on the call to arms. I'm just sad I missed most of the fight." Got a couple licks in. Well. I guess this calls us even. Be safe. "My business is my own. As is yours. I'll find my people. We'll find a home for us. "Now. You've done your task. "Leave before you plummet into any further unknown dangers, foolish people." He turns around and leaps towards the opening that he carved and crawls out of it and just disappears. You reach over and leap through the hole. Catch it. Yeah, it's still open, it's like pulled open and actually-- Oh, no, the hole that he pulled in was the entrance you walked in to the base. So you get there. Little bit, yeah. Make an investigation check. So, you pull the vines from him, as you inspect around, too, you notice there's not much really of worth here. This home is mostly natural in its base. However, the slow trickle of the black oil-like substance has ceased. Most of it's grown thicker and stopped, and it just feels like the whole place went into this sudden stasis, like the slow crawl of everything nearby, the vines, everything stopped. Okay. You still feel the ever-present bloom of life and life-forces surrounding you entirely. You do feel a wave of relaxation. There is a sort of general radial sigh that is slowly trickling from the center of the tree. No. Exist. You hold it in your hand and look at it. The handle is wrapped with a very tight dark brown, black leather, and at the cusp of where the handle itself is and where the arrow is notched is this nice golden-bronze cap-like metallic inlay. The rest of the bow itself is this curved, almost deep verdant green jungle vine-type texture to it, where it builds on itself like a series of natural leaf scales. And as it curves into the ends of the actual recurve bow, as you hold it, it flexes and shifts on its own. It actually looks, as you hold it it almost seems to tighten and then relax, and then as you reach back an arrow, it goes taut, and the string goes extremely tight. As you pull the arrow back, it's like no strength involved at all. It pulls back on its own, and as soon as you release, the arrow that you fire shoots off at an incredible speed and the actual bow itself flexes with such intensity that it makes this roaring whoosh sound with each shot. I mean, the whole forest is still just coated in this horrible thick liquid. But when you approached and you inspected the tree, there was just an ever-constant flow of it, of this thick molasses-type material, just slowly drifting down the tree. You look down and a lot of it seems to have stopped and is hardening, almost like an amber. (clapping) You hear slow clapping from nearby. As you look off to the side of the tree, rounding the bend, you see a very tall and thin, chest-forward, regal-posed, almost elflike but still exaggerated in the Feylike features. Long ears that curl past the head. The head itself is small with a pointed chin, the eyes almond-shaped and wild, curly orange hair like a lion's mane that goes down to the lower back, just up and large, curves up at the very tip. You see sleeveless silk vestments of blue and green billowing freely behind him as he walks up clapping. All right. How much do you heal? There you go. 25. Bravo, everyone. Bravo to each and every one of you. It's been fun to watch. You know, I get so disinterested in these lands, and I have to say, I'm impressed. Well. I wish to say adieu. Good luck on your journeys. But I am a simple wanderer. An individual who sees the landscape for artistic benefit. But I'm glad to have made your acquaintance. It definitely made these past few days absolutely devoid of boredom, at the very least, and filled my sketchbook. Is one of my names. I prefer Artagan. But Garmelie suits needs here and there. I go by many names and many interesting-- I'm afraid the time for questions is done. As your journey has come to an end, and I have to be out of here quickly as-- (laughs) All right. What's the DC? Right. So. The sphere appears around his form, however, Keyleth, your spell does not seem to take any sort of hold on him. As it forms around, he's still just standing there unmoved, hands clasped. "That's adorable. So. Where to now? Where's your journey taking you? I take it "this was not your only purpose. Where's your next destination?" Please. Good. They are fickle creatures. They need to be taught a lesson. (laughs) Don't be eaten. Um. Do not misunderstand their intelligence. Some are more bestial. Some are more together. Anyway. If you'd be so kind, I'd like to get on with my day. Oh, that's a companion. You're welcome to keep him with you. I just figured since I was leaving you soon, I'd have someone to wander at my side as well. Yes. With the right words, yes. LAURA, SAM, TALIESIN, and (laughs) Well. Take some time with it. You'll learn them soon enough. Touche, Keyleth, touche. But no, seriously, I fucking hate the theater. You avoided the other one, right? Hag? The hut, yes, you avoided the hut? She's many things, but she's not a hag. She's an ex. Anyway. If you don't mind. (exasperated noise) Now you grow boring and dreary. I hate boredom. No, I stay on this plane. Unless I decide to come with you. But that's of my own volition. Probably when you least expect it. Ah, well. Artagan. SAM and Thanks for the memories. Ah, memories. What, you think I didn't let you find me? Think you could've killed me if you wanted? I knew of Sondur, yes. Sorudin I did not know, but I was aware of the enchantment left behind. But who am I to lead a horse to water when you are so determined to drink yourself? That it was. It was great fun. But alas. I hope so. It does get ever so boring. Yes? It appears in his hand. "I'm happy to give it to you, but I'm apparently trapped in this sphere of magic." Thank you. "All right. Travel safe. Stay alive. And maybe visit. If you get lonely." And he gives a deep bow and just vanishes. All right. To Whitestone. The transition takes place, you all feel the breath fill your lungs as all of a sudden your momentum is shot through but a step forward, and you catch yourself standing outside of the Sun Tree in the center of Whitestone's main area. And that's where we'll end tonight's session. Ryan, do you have the-- The item list that you found-- Restrained means it can't move, all their attacks have disadvantage, and attacks against them have advantage, until they break free. And this is the figurine. It's pretty cool. Depending on the time of year, it may be. (laughs) You're such a terrible person, I love it. All right, well guys, thank you so much. That's the end of this episode, we'll be back next Thursday. To see what adventures befall Vox Machina in the next arc of the story. In the meantime, thank you for watching, we're gonna get some sleep. Thank you Lootcrate for your awesome sponsorship.