Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons! Tonight's going to be an interesting episode, but before we get to that, a couple of quick announcements and a couple of cool things we wanted to show you. One, our friend of the show, Kiki, who we saw previously made the awesome Fenthras bow replica for Laura over there recently decided to go ahead and also create Cabal's Ruin. Taliesin, do you want to come over here and try this on? Come attune to this shit, boy! Go over there. And she also made a fantastic replica of Whisper, the blade that was previously attuned by our dear rogue. Will you pass that over to Liam? That might make an appearance tonight as a proxy Grog for battle. And also, since it was recently Sam's birthday. It's from me and Marisha. We are slowly folding into infinity. Sam's shirts will be the end of all existence. Happy birthday, Sam. All right, announcements for the evening. First off, our fantastic sponsor Loot Crate is back. Sam, do you have anything? Curses! Thank you, Sam. And thank you, Loot Crate. Head up me and Taliesin will be flying out tomorrow to be attending a convention this weekend called Another Anime Convention. Another Anime Con is in New Hampshire-- No! I looked it up. (giggles) We'll be doing panels and signings and all kinds of other fun stuff this weekend, so please come and say hi, ask questions, bring things to get signed. Come meet us; we would love to see you. It'll be a lot of fun. Also, Marisha, you have a new Signal Boost run coming up you want to talk about? Liam, you had a new project you want to talk about, as well? The glory hosts of Hogwarts. Good, you got them out of the way! Stop rolling, Laura. Save it for the battle. I guess it depends. All right, so! Now that our announcements are out of the way, tension builds-- Let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] For? Make a perception check with disadvantage. And minus two on both of these rolls. Yeah, she slips it off you. This is what you see. It's clustered around a bunch of other art pieces of other demonic-looking entities, and it is by and large about twice to four times the size of anything else on the page depicted. There's no picture of Grog in there. You have no sense of scale. Keyleth finally has a Vestige. So as you cast Pass Without a Trace on yourself and Scanlan, the shadows of the mansion cling to you a little darker, a little more crushed. You wish to cast Invisibility on Vex, you said? All right. You both jump onto the back of her broom. And just to double check here-- What do you mean? I didn't say anything! I'll say technically you're carrying the broom, so the broom will also be invisible. Okay, so as you're holding the broom, you both leap onto it, the two of you and the broom vanish, and you guys are free to exit the mansion at your disposal. Nope, concentration. No, that's just to cast it. I'm pretty sure he can go off on his own as long as you maintain concentration. All right. And as your form shifts to the first probably albino crow to wander the landscape here in Wildemount, you are able to follow them, should you so chose. You guys make your way outside into the heavy snowfall, across the top of the ravine. You go ahead and make a survival check to try and follow the tracks of Minxie to the outskirts of where you guys were last time. Yeah. You know what, giving you the assist, go ahead and roll with advantage on that. Okay. Takes you a little bit of time, but you manage to find your way back through the heavy snowfall. It's freezing cold and your teeth are starting to chatter a little bit, but you manage to make your way to the top of the ravine, dipping down where you find the cavern entrance at the bottom, leading into where Tooma and rest of the Ravenites at least seem to have the central portion of their society within the mountain itself. You guys come down. It's a little warmer the further into the rock you travel. The snow turns to slush, then to damp ground, to dry rock and stone. Okay. Both still walking invisibly, with you now (whoosh) walking behind them, hopping as the white crow. You guys are just on the outskirts of the entranceway. To the center of the town, or outside of Tooma's-- You're inside the cave. There's a path in there and it opens up into the actual subterranean village, and then in there, across from this fountain area, is where Tooma's tent is. As soon as you entered the main village area. So as you both drop your invisibility guise, with your white crow friend hopping behind you, the same two guards are still patrolling. Only one of them notices you. Turns around and gives an odd look, his head cocked to the side as he grabs his spear and puts it towards you again. Yeah, exactly. Vanishes forever. Keeping the spear there, yells out (foreign word), and the other soldier who's wandering, turns around, looks and sees, steps over, puts his spear down, and they both have a conversation briefly. You can, as I recall, speak Draconic and can read lips, is that what it was? Yeah. They're both discussing why these stupid people keep coming back and bothering Tooma, as well as the coming tension of tomorrow's activities, and how they can't keep interrupting Tooma if she's going to be keeping her mind straight. But one of them leaves. The other one steps, circles around, and begins nudging you both forward, telling you in Draconic, "Then go, make it quick." As you guys stay at the outskirts of Tooma's tent, the interior light has been sufficiently dimmed, as it was before, with a little bit of the embers that are still there in the fire pit in the center. Now, barely cracking ember. Tooma is passed out and curled up inside her throne-like chair, as one of the other dragonborn soldiers comes over and nudges her gently, "Tooma. They "return." She rakes towards his face. He barely ducks out of the way. Unnatural speed for a creature as old as she is, per se, but then the hand recoils back with a snapping sound, and she wakes up, "You come again?" Snaps her arm back into place. (cracking) (sigh, foreign words) Which you recognize as, "Tell the others wait a day." And one of her servants wanders off behind you guys and exits the tent. She turns back to you. "Then what is to be done?" "At the stones, yes." "It'll be done. Do not mess this up." "I do not inform. Skork does the informing." "Depending on where the prey is, whether it be nearby forests or presented in chains to the cinder "stones of which I've sent you, Vorugal begins the chase." "Just keep it there." "If it is not a Ravenite, it would probably make them part of the hunt." "Is that all?" "Leave me!" She doesn't even pay you guys any mind, just curls over, takes her heavy robes and like wraps them around her and curls up into a small little bundle of old dragonborn woman. The rest of the soldiers close in, cutting you off from her, and they all give you the very stern look that you have seen many times that tells you, "get the fuck out." Yeah it'd still be active. Instantaneous bedhead. You can't even see it, but you can feel it and it bothers you. All right. You guys both are invisible, the bird clutching to your side. You take the broom back up into the snowy storm. I need you both to make stealth checks with advantage. All right. You guys make your way up out of the ravine, up onto the top of the snowy banks at the top of where the cliffsides are. Eventually, over the next 20 or so minutes, finding the shimmering outskirts of Scanlan's doorway, joining the rest of the party. Polymorph lasts for how long? As soon as you get to the top of ravine, the white crow (impact) face-down in the snow. Thankfully, that doesn't transform, either. (laughter) As you enter the front of Scanlan's mansion, you see Keyleth in the corner, who's pulled Whisper back in Fenthras, and it goes (dagger impact) into the wall. You did catch on the way up, Vex, that even through the dark sleet-covered snow blaring night, there is the faint hint of light blue sunrise in the distance. Awkward quiet. You hear Kima snoring with her back against the foyer wall, just (snoring). Until eventually, the stone begins to glow and pulse like a dull frozen heartbeat. (pulsing) Keyleth, your eyes open, and you see it flashing in your hands again, and you look up real fast and before you can say anything, your mouth opens to say goodbye before she vanishes in a swirl of glitter and blue light. Now, Pike! Come sit down! (cheering) Just flew in. So. As the day has gone by and through the chaos of getting Whitestone ready, trying to assemble the followers of Sarenrae that you've gathered, and protecting the remnants of the city as Vox Machina went off, a moment hits you and you close your eyes and pray to Sarenrae and hope that all shall be well with your friends, and you wish that you could be there to help them. And there's a sudden warmth in your proximity, and then a sudden flash of blue light, and then nearby, you see a somewhat cold, damp Keyleth just appear in the space next to you as you're preparing to lay yourself down for an evening's rest, it being later at night now, clutching the stone. Okay. Pike, you gather your materials, your armor, your weapons. All things that you feel would be necessary for this type of a conflict. You rejoin with Keyleth. The two of you find your way back to the Sun Tree. So as the spell finishes, the Sun Tree opens, you step through the portal into the slow crawling sunrise. The sun hasn't quite crested, but you can see through the snowfall, which is lessening at the moment, the distant light blue is getting lighter and lighter. You probably have another 30 minutes before the sun hits the actual horizon line. But as you step out of one of the trees that you created previous, when you had journeyed to the ruins of Draconia, you do see about 150 feet off, the shimmer of the outside of Scanlan's mansion door. Both you guys roll stealth checks. You have disadvantage, Pike. Two natural ones? As you guys begin stepping through the snow, Pike, you take a step and you hear this strange (cracking) sound and you feel this slight shift beneath your feet. And you watch as some snow begins to trickle off the side of the cliffside. As soon as you both push off running, (whoosh) a portion of the cliff actually shears off and begins to slide down the side. Pike, if you could go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw real fast. A dexterity saving throw. A four. You begin to see Pike slide down off the edge. With that, some of the reeds, some of the nearby frozen plants on the edge that were largely covered with snow that were revealed as the rest of the snow began to crumble off, a large vine shoots out, wraps around you, and pulls you back up onto the side of the cliff fine. The rest of the rock and snow and ice, you hear (crashing) clattering into the ravine below. ASHLEY and All right, you guys run. You see the doorway shimmering before you, you get closer and you hear in the distance, this strangely familiar distant echoing (growls). You both just get to the doorway in time. The snowfall's still there though gentler than it was in the night. You both dart inside, slamming the mansion door behind you, into a warmer, comfortable, quieter atmosphere. (panting) No, not yet. No, nobody can see through it. Only if you let them. Only individuals that you choose can see the entrance. Okay, make a strength check. There's a mild wind here you're fighting against with dust, so we'll see. 14? Okay. You take a big old heaping handful and (whoosh) another one. As you send it out there, all the snow crusts over and any signs of footprints, both half-elf or gnomish, turn into a gentle, untouched solid surface of snow, as you begin to hear in the distance another echoing (growl). TRAVIS and Okay. You guys all go to rest? All right. A full rest is taken for all of you. Everyone's healed back to full. Spells are recovered. Percy, you are now down to a minus two, I believe, penalty to your rolls. Technically, yeah. It's mid-afternoon by the time you guys finish your full rest, except for Percy. Percy is up before everybody else and is pacing about the mansion by himself probably. Oh, they once did. All the islands of Draconia were disabled, the arcane essence that let them stay up, and they all crashed into the ravine. Within the ravine, there's been very few. What animals you have seen have been a few flying owls, other carnivorous birds that are generally scavengers. You've seen maybe a few small wolves that are picking through the ruins and eventually scattered off. White snow wolves. If you guys glance outside of the mansion and look, it is not a snowstorm, but there are heavy winds. (wind blowing) You can hear multitudes, a cacophony of off-harmonies of winds, of different portions of the distant ravine that are all howling together. There is a faint snowfall, but the clouds are dark and heavy, and more of a storm coming your way. A little further down in the ravine, it does. No, they both require concentration. Actually, Wind Walk is not concentration. In theory, you could do both. Wind Walk is not concentration. You can be misty animals. Yeah. So you chuck the dagger. As you're talking, you watch as Vax takes the blade, flings it across the room. It slams into the side of the foyer. You look back to where he was, and he's not there anymore. There's a flash of dark shadow energy where the blade is, and Vax's form appears right there, holding the blade where it landed in the wall. Okay. This time make an attack roll because you're excited, not concentrating. Yeah. It goes a little more elevated, lands about ten feet up. As it impacts, you guys watch. As he releases the blade, his form almost is pulled along, almost like it's caught on a tether and then just turns into dark smoke and vanishes with the blade. As the blade sticks into the wall, he reappears at the side, clutching the edge, and you drop a few feet and land onto your feet. Roll an attack roll. 24. (dagger impact) Right next to him. It returns to your belt. All right, so you watch his form vanish again. About 40 feet up, (impact). Make a dexterity saving throw. This would be acrobatics, right. Make a perception check. You make a dexterity saving throw. She dodges right out of the way, and you slam onto the ground. You feel your ankles and knees (ping) a little bit. That sharp pain hits you in both joints and you're like (moans). You guys hear this faint gargling sound as Grog is currently gargling his own spit and staring at the ceiling. Okay. All of you begin to feel your form buzz a little bit with the instilled power of wind. As you all each step out onto the snow on the outside of the mansion, you can concentrate for a moment as your form then meshes into a mist-like billowing cloud. I'd say it's more of a whitish cloud. I wouldn't say it's supremely obvious right now, but the wind is pushing you about a little bit. If you try and focus direction of move, you can get a better idea how well your movement is. Kima is with you, yeah. LIAM and Kima, as you guys are doing this and it gets cast, Kima goes, "So what am I doing?" "You know, I'm going to stay. You've got a big kitchen here." "I love chicken." (laughter) "I'm going to get some chicken, and I'm going to go smash some shit." "I don't think I've been to a spa. Does that also have chicken?" "This is the best place ever!" "Come back when you need me." She goes and runs off to the kitchen area. All right. You guys, stepping out, keeping the focus on the spell, you move half-speed through this weather in mist form. So your 300 feet per round speed, whatever it is, is reduced to a mere 150 feet. What are you guys doing? Are you coasting through the ravine, are you heading directly, or trying to go overhead? Okay. Who's leading? Okay. So Vex and Pike are leading the way. As you guys slowly drift down into the bottom of the ravine on the outside of where the mansion doorway is, you crest down to where a large portion of the rubble is currently buried by snow and ice. The wind is whipping snow up into the air, and you're finding little spirals and little snow devils that are making their way through as different clusters of wind tend to swell and subside. You make your way over to the opposite side of the ravine and start heading to the north way, crawling around. Need you to go ahead and make a perception check if you could. And I need everybody to make a stealth check, please. You can. As long as you're not trained in it, you can add it to it. 20. Okay. It's fine. It's a group check, so successes outweigh the failures. You guys as a group begin to move forward. It's fine. As you guys are slowly moving your way, you keep an eye out. You can see there are some Ravenites in clusters that are out, currently poring through the rubble. There are crews that are basically excavating, trying to pull out what's worth anything from the remnants of Draconia. You make your way around this large, familiar curvature from before that leads towards the center area of Vorugal's now-claimed lair at the bottom of the ravine. As you turn the corner and you guys keep watch, you can see on the icy platform, with these spikes that jut out at various places throughout this larger central area here. On top, you can see perched and curled up the massive form of the white dragon itself, claws curled up under its chin, its chin slightly turned askew to the left, eyes closed, wings wrapped up around and gently flapping over the sides of the top of this icy platform. It sits there quietly, breathing in, and you can hear the breath itself, deep and guttural, just echoing. (snoring) The wind occasionally sneaks in and seems to almost carry the echo farther than it should be audible. And you can see there are two packs of about five Ravenites that are armed and are sitting at the base of the platform, that are looking out. Some of them are sitting, some of them are eating some small rations, some are just keeping an eye out. These appear to be essentially assigned guards to Vorugal here at his lair. So. You guys continue past? Heading which direction? You recall which direction that was? All right, so you head a little northward, following the curvature of this part of the ravine in an eastward direction. Eventually, you all move past an uncomfortable proximity of about 200 to 300 feet of Vorugal, seemingly not catching anyone's attention as you slowly move, following the pattern of winds. It takes you a little longer to get through, but you figure it's best to look as natural as possible with the moving terrain and weather. Eventually, you turn around and begin making your way eastward, away, following where two more portions of the ravine clump together. Anywhere between 80 to 100 feet in width, it expands a bit, shrinks in a bit, but it seems to be pushing into a very slight grade upward, like this portion of the ravine is making its way, over probably the next mile or so, to breach and hit surface. From Vorugal, heading eastward, it is slowly heading up. You get about a quarter-mile in before you begin to see the very thick ice being broken by occasional snow-covered dead trees that are breaking through. As you saw before, there are not a lot of trees in this central area of the ravine, but they're becoming a little more common as you progress forward, though many of them dead, thin and broken in places. Make another perception check, Laura. Okay. It's fine. Pushing forward in your mist form, you do see that certain portions of the upper ravine have an element of erosion to them that have broken down, and there are some large stones that have dropped and are jutting out of the ice formation on the snowy platform floor. You glance around, and you can see that there are a loose circle of maybe five, six stones forming an oval shape in the center. And even looking about, you can see this area seems to have seen some scuffles. It looks like portions of the walls have been scraped and clawed apart. It looks like some heavy impacts have hit the side. If there was a place for there to be a setting ground for some sort of a conflict of previous hunts for Vorugal, this is probably what Tooma was referring to. Currently, no. It looks pretty-- LAURA and This circle of stones here-- So this circle of stones, the clusters of rock that have broken down and are sticking out, you don't know what the cultural significance of them are. They appear to have been there for a long time; these were not a recent series of landmarks that were presented here. These have been here for a while. But you do see a series of claw marks and damaged bits throughout the space in the area that is uncharacteristic of the rest of the ravine floor that you've been traversing. You make a perception check, Scanlan. About a quarter mile. You don't see Vorugal from here, so probably not. Perception check. From this perspective, it's a little ways in the way the ravine has crawled in this northeastern direction from where the lair center was. This area is not directly visible from Vorugal. You cannot see, for quite a bit, that area. Yeah. Make an investigation check. It tickles. But not in a good way. Glancing about, you can see there is some snowfall here and some ice that has sealed off this area. A lot of the snow that's hit here gets blown away by the wind that's coming through, so there hasn't been a lot of snow packed in this vicinity. A lot of these large claw marks are indicative of dragon claws, especially those of an ancient size. You do see bones scattered about-- many of them have been picked clean-- of varying sizes. There appears to be a half-eaten large insect-like carapace that's shoved off to the side. A number of creatures have fallen here and have been mostly eaten, devoured, or left to be picked apart by the other birds of prey that exist in this area. Perception check. Okay. Glancing about, you can see every now and then, a few birds fly overhead. Appear to be hawks, light gray in color. They're just looking around, circling and vanishing in the distance. You do see a few small furred critters; looks almost squirrel-like, but it's too far away to make out the details, and you're not very specifically detailed-- make a nature check, actually. You have no idea. It's furred, it's small. It probably creeps you out a little. I'd say within here, it's probably safer within the ravine, up at the top. This is not indicative of the true height; we'll say this is more of an example. The ravine height is probably closer to maybe 80 to 100 feet up. I just didn't want to build Styrofoam that high. Okay. Everything seems fine. Three questions. What you got? Okay. What is the geological makeup? Stone. All of this is stone with about a foot layer of ice on the outside of it. Portions of it that have been broken or struck, you can see some exposure to it. This ravine is not normally covered in snow and ice; Vorugal's presence has brought a persistent blizzard and icy atmosphere to it. So all the ice and snow you see here is technically not natural to the terrain, and most of this ravine has a very strong foundation of solid stone, natural rock, and other various geological layers beneath. Correct. It appears like what happened with you and Pike earlier was an anomaly that only happens when you roll two natural ones. Reaching out to the vicinity and picking up what you can, it's hard to get specifics, but it looks to be at least a coming sleet storm. Not hail; nothing too heavy, but it looks like it's going to have some times of limited visibility, and very cold. Within three miles? You get the essence of the surrounding terrain that there is another large dragon presence nearby, though you don't get a specific location. No, you asked for Raishan. Raishan was confirmed to be within the vicinity. As that question fades, you do get a little better bit of location of Raishan's current presence. Raishan is currently on the very south end of the ravine, on the outskirts of the three-mile radius of near where you are right now. Close to where you guys first came to the ruins of Draconia, where you were first discovered by the Ravenites. That's all you know about her. Just that location. Where you guys first arrived when you first came here. Yeah. South of all that. As loud as moving large pieces of stone and earth would. Not stealthy work. No, you've got a few more hours. You can't poof within the mansion. It has to be on the same plane of existence. Make a perception check. 28? Looking about, there are a number of birds in the distance. There's some that have flown overhead since you've been here. Nothing that seems to be acting erratically or out of the ordinary. There's a couple that have come in a little close to watch, and then went off their own way, curious as to what's going down in the ravine. Okay. Right, so Pike and Scanlan, you guys go mist form, make your way over back towards where the mansion was placed. Takes you a while. Are you going through the ravine, or are you going over the ravine? Okay. So the two of you guys coast up to the side and over the top of the wall. There is some heavy dead forest area here, but you coast on the side of it, keeping an eye down. Both of you guys make a perception check. As you guys are pulling around and the weather has gotten a little better for the moment; the storm hasn't hit yet. Pike, you glance off and you can see some stirring down in the bottom of the ravine. You see two white wings (wingbeats) and you watch as Vorugal takes off like a bat out of hell up out of the ravine, past both of you, and you can feel the wind shake and the actual ravine quakes slightly at the presence as Vorugal shoots up into the air, spirals up, then wings go out and then coasts off westward, away from you guys. Away from you guys in a western direction. Make a perception check, actually, Vex. You do hear what sounds like heavy wings echoing through the ravine towards your direction. You see a faint movement in the sky, and then it vanishes and you hear the sound getting more and more distant. You gather Vorugal has at least left the lair. You're not sure how long. Meanwhile, Scanlan and Pike, you guys make your way back to the mansion? Coasting over, you find your way. You make your way into the mansion. The servants are rushing two platters out of the kitchen down to the stairs that lead to the subterranean portion of the mansion. You come downstairs and her armor is off, her maul's at the side. She is on the ground in the process of doing one-handed push-ups and scarfing chicken with the other hand. She's getting ready for a fight today. She stands up. "Damn right, it is. Stringy." "Okay." She takes one of the pieces of chicken and pockets it. (groans) Pulls it out. Sucks it off the bone and throws it to the ground. It clatters off to the side. "All right, let me grab my stuff." And she goes and gets her armor and starts putting it on. "Do you want to help me?" "Put the armor on! You know to put on plate. Come on." You help get her armor on. "No!" You help her get all armored up. She gets the rest of her stuff. She came relatively light, other than the materials she needs for combat. She's ready to go in the next 15 minutes or so. "All right. So. Where's this going down?" All right. Steps out in the snow, crunching sound of her boots, closes her eyes for a second, opens one back at you, Scanlan. Focuses and concentrates. The minute progresses. She clutches it and touches the actual stone to the outside of her holy symbol. You see the small platinum outline of Bahamut's head. As it hits, it begins to glow. The blue glow is also surrounded by the bright white glow of Bahamut's light, and as her outer form begins to shimmer, it blinks out with a spiral of a glittery white light dust, and her form has vanished. And with those gauntlets, she does easily, fully armored and all. She's leaving this little Pike shape in the snow right there. Make a strength check. (grunts) Two-handed push-up. All right. You guys mist back, begin cresting over to return. Okay. While that's happening, what are you guys doing? Using Move Earth? Let me see here. Move Earth is you can reshape any dirt, sand, or clay in the area. Not stone. Cannot manipulate natural stone or stone constructions. Do you have Stone Shape prepared? Yeah, Stone Shape would've been the spell to use in this circumstance. Stone Shape is instantaneous. It just affects something. Not a heavy tunnel, no. Okay, so what are you doing? You're making a small ledge? Just out this way? Oh, okay, I see. So you're using it twice? Then over here, you said? You could, technically. I'm trying to figure this out, guys. Okay. We'll say... It's all good. So right there is what you're saying? A little shelf. How far up? Where do you want this to go, Marisha? Right there? Okay, so those are the two. Okay. Okay. Go ahead and just roll a wisdom check. Roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Okay. As an Air Ashari, you have a very firm understanding of airflow, temperature of air, and how best it can quickly freeze water. Over time, utilizing the spells at your disposal, over the next 30 minutes or so, you do manage to coat the visible recently created stone with a layer of ice that in some regard would help, hopefully, camouflage it. Okay. Scanlan and Pike, you guys do manage to return, as you watch the party preparing these small little ledges outside of the ravine interior. Kima, at this point, by the way, has been off to the side, keeping watch, goes, "You guys expecting anyone?" SAM and You see Kima drops the maul to the ground and points down. And you see, stepping up from the ravine from this side, this way, you see a small, stout-looking dwarf character walking up (footfalls). Bulbous red nose. You can see a thick winter coat over, cloth tied over the top of the head, a crossbow to one side. Walks up and goes, "Hey. Larkin, the one you hired. The mercenary to "help you with this exchange." "So. Glad we've all gotten together. I see you've begun your plans, so tell me. What is your plan?" "Larkin, aye." "I've got a few tricks up my sleeve, aye. Let's see how it pans out." Okay, you ask him where he's from? "I don't feel comfortable speaking our language in front of "people who don't understand it. It's impolite." Watch as Larkin's expression gets very dire for a second like, "what are you doing?" "That's what you hired me for, isn't it?" "To be honest, yes." "All right. I'll keep an eye." "So I'll go on your signal, then?" "I'll be providing support from a comfortable space." "Oh. Let's just say, in the beginning I'll go ahead and bring some pain from a distance and "only close that distance when things get real nasty and hot." "Do you know when it's returning?" "If you don't know when it's returning, don't step into its lair." "Killing it." Kima leans into you Scanlan, "Who's this?" Kima crosses her arms for a second. "You also told me you had another ally coming." SAM and "I'm so confused right now." "Which dragon?" "All right." From the inside to out, no. They have to be in the same plane. Sure. As you concentrate, you get a very strong nearby presence. And you sense a closing dragon presence. At which point, you hear in the distance (wingbeats). To? To Larkin? All right. He goes, "Right." You glance off the side, and you can see Larkin looking off into the distance, and the white dragon Vorugal is curling in the air, currently wrestling with something, and then shoots down back into the ravine to the lair. 27? What brief view you have, it appears to be, by its size comparison, small-looking, but glancing at it, it looks to be some sort of a dire bear or dire wolf. Some sort of large furred entity that is currently being torn apart mid-air. Apparently. May have been hungry. You guys make your way into the mansion for a bit of a respite. Kima carries out the end of it, steps inside. "I don't trust that dwarf." "Good to know." "You finish that sentence, and I will destroy you where you stand, Scanlan Shorthalt." "Come near me--" If you get dropped off by broom, it's easy. Where is the mansion door, again? Guess we'll say, as you guys all vanish from there, the entrance is right there, to the mansion. As you guys rest to prepare for your next day's excursion, we're going to take a restroom break here. We'll see you guys back here in a few minutes. [break] All right. Pike drops down a Heroes' Feast. 1,000 gold out of your queue. All of you enjoy your first non-chicken related meal within Scanlan's mansion. First in a while, at least. So as part of the Heroes' Feast, guys, if you recall the details of that circumstance. Immune to fear, definitely. Wisdom saving throws have advantage. 2d10 to your maximum hit points. And you're immune to diseases. Immune to poison. All right, so marking hit points. Let me know what your maximum hit point totals increases are, currently. 14 points to Scanlan's maximum hit points. 17 to Percy. 11 to Keyleth. 15 to Vax. Pike? Awesome. 11 to Grog, and then to Kima eight. Write that down right there. Your evening meal complete, you all find yourself back to full rest, preparing yourselves for tomorrow's grand showdown. You're now negative one to all of your rolls, ability checks, and saving throws. No. Just your d20 rolls. Okay. You don't know. Evening's rest complete, spells chosen for those who need to choose spells. Prepare yourselves for this confrontation. The morning comes. That early tension of imminent chaos fills the air. Conversation is short. What preparations do you wish to make this morning? Attaching a rope to? Okay, the stone is like a smooth wall that comes out and then upward for the protective point. You can fashion something. Make an intelligence check. It seems like it'll hold? You have a metal piece wedged into a part of the stone that seems pretty taut with the rope attached. They are maybe a foot wide each, and currently, it looks like a lot of them are dying or dead from the perpetual snowfall and coverage that they are unused to. Tree Stride. Same size as you. Some of them, maybe. You guys have gone outside if you're going to place him up in his perch there and help cover the area. You haven't really encountered any. You've seen varying shades of chromatic and metallic. Okay. What are you doing? Okay. So does that include Kima? All right, so you are all currently for the purposes of this visually Ravenites of varying sizes and bulkiness. Okay, is everyone currently out and about right now? Outside of the house? You're not entirely certain. Make a survival check. You have no idea, Scanlan. It's about noon, from where you gather where the sun would be around that time based on what bits of shadows you can see. However, the sleet storm is starting to kick in, and you can see now the sheets of really cold rain with a slush to them are beginning to pound across the bottom of the ravine. The wind is picking up a bit, and the temperature is dropping significantly. No, you do not see Larkin around. As you guys are having this conversation, Vax and Keyleth, you guys notice down off the southern edge of the ravine, you see three humanoid figures walking up to your direction, coasting along the side of the mountain range. After a short time inspecting them, they appear to be Ravenite in structure, yeah. They are dragonborn, they are heavily robed, and they are coasting up along the side. As you acknowledge them and begin to approach, one of them breaks from the two and they stay back. As it approaches you can see the tall burly dragonborn form, this is Skork. You met when you first came to the ruins of Draconia. He approaches. "Tooma sends me. When are we to tell "the dragon the hunt is on?" "30 minutes. It will be done." He returns to the other two, and they begin to make their way rather briskly back towards the direction of Vorugal's lair. You bring Percy up onto the top. The rain is starting to come down hard now and you're instinctively getting chills and shivering a little bit. You get up into your little parapet area, place him there. Percy, I need you to make a stealth check. Just in general. No, just Percy. 16. Good to know. Okay. So you place him up there. What else are you guys doing? You have 30 minutes, 25 now. Yes. So Pike is staying up in the house? It is, and as part of the casting of it, it would drop concentration. You glide up into the air. Make a stealth check. Okay. You coast up. Make a perception check. Against the white snow and the ice, the parapet structure itself is slightly off-color to the rest of the ice, and you do see the gleaming of Percy's cloak through the cover you've placed. Okay, that'll be the rest of this 30-minute preparation for you to do that. All right, who else is doing what now? Keyleth is peeing a little. Where are you staying, then? Okay, roll a stealth check. And Trinket is staying in your necklace? 32, good to know. All right. Pike, what are you doing? You're staying inside the mansion right now? Okay. Any other spells or casting preparation? Consider what spells you have that are not concentration that help defend. This is the time to do it. Okay, got you. If there is a blade you can apply poison to, then yes, you would probably do a little bit of poison damage. Grog, you're in the mansion, as well? All righty. Kima is like (anticipation noise). Nope. She joins you guys in the mansion for now. And Vax, you're hiding over behind that rock? Roll stealth, if you could. Okay. You grasp onto the rock, and much like the elven cloaks in Lord of the Rings, you blend in with the stonework. Grog, any preparation you're doing for this? All righty. As time begins to tick down, 15 minutes left, ten minutes left-- Okay, you're enhancing his? All righty. No. You have Percy up here but no one down there. Going to? Okay, roll a stealth check. Okay, Keyleth makes her way back into the mansion. All right. Five minutes. Four minutes. Three minutes. Two minutes. Okay, that's part of your ability. All right, so. As you step forward, where do you want to open the Gate scroll? Okay. About there? Okay. As you pull the scroll out, fumbling in your fingers slightly, you're slightly sweaty and nervous. Okay. Make a perception check. This is not charisma. This is his perception. You make a perception check. Don't hear any wings. You're listening; the wind's (whistles), the sound of the rain hitting the ground. You begin to hear the flapping of wings in the distance and you glance over. Okay, as you pull the scroll out and begin reading it, the sigils and arcane glyphs are ancient and convoluted, and you're trying to trace them with your eyes and you begin speaking, letting the ancient knowledge that you've gained through your existence of wandering Exandria begin to pour out on its own. You feel the magic take hold and your grip tightens as the script begins to light up with a slight bluish-purple tint. As it begins to light up around, I need you to check to see if you succeed in reading to scroll. You roll with advantage. Highest of two. Your d12 to it. So roll a d12. And plus two. Plus two because Jack of All Trades. Plus your charisma bonus, which is six. Okay, the DC was 19. (yelling) As some of the glyphs begin to shake and part of the scroll begins to burn at the edges, you maintain concentration, staring at it. The rain's hammering down on the scroll; it's growing slick and pouring off into the center of your sleeve. You're soaked to the bone now and shivering as you're reading out these various language bits that are flowing through. You're now an instrument for the spell that is beyond your capability, and as suddenly the spell finishes, your fingers tighten and the scroll bursts into flame and turns to dust around you. And for a split second, you think you may have failed. (spell noises) This giant bluish doorway erupts across the way. Facing away from you. You see, all of you, that the somewhat dark and shadowed ravine is now suddenly aglow with bright vibrant bluish light. The blue light turns to crimson, to a deep burning red, and you hear this horrible, deep sucking sound. And you watch as Yenk the goristro is thrown from it, landing in the center of the ravine, fist to the ground-- LAURA and Are you leaving the gate open? Okay, the gate slams shut behind, the reddish light then now being consumed with a final blip of blue before it disappears. Well, the goristro swoops the head over in your direction. I need you to make a stealth check. You watch as the hulking behemoth, its extremely muscular body covered in fur and bony protrusions like spikes that jut out of its form, horrible hooked teeth and giant curled horns that push forward with brass jewelry emblazoned across the bone. Whips around, its red eyes beaming straight on you. In a deep, guttural voice, it (foreign words) and begins to just lumber in your direction. For right now, I need you, just for right now, Scanlan, roll initiative. All right, you're going before it does. What are you doing? Right. All right. Puts you at a full DC of what? 21. That is a 13. Those who are watching, Yenk comes barreling, and then comes to a stop and stands there, looking down at this tiny gnome about 40 feet away and nods. You see steam shoot out from the nose as now you notice the sound of the wings. (whooshing) At which point-- At this point in time, Vorugal lands. (snorting) And unleashes a torrent of frozen ice in this direction. That is going to be-- As the blast hits, you can see coats of ice across the floor. So you guys are aware, the ice and sleet and everything here is making the entire terrain rough terrain. So everyone is at half speed on foot in this entire battlefield. You can see the actual air around Vorugal itself is crystallizing into thick mist that surrounds his form sightly. Yenk is blasted with all this frozen frost-breath, and you can see the icicles crystallizing against his form. (roars) Goes running forward, and slams, goring with its horns into Vorugal's chest. Watch me play with my toys, guys! All right, you watch as the horns slam into Vorugal's chest, not really expecting the ferocity and the sheer force of this entity it's unfamiliar with. The horns spark with flames, strangely. It also tears this giant gash in two points across Vorugal's chest. You can see white scales fly from the impact. And also, okay. It is not pushed. Vorugal stands its ground as Yenk pulls back. You see dark purple blood from the edge of the horns of the goristro. End of his turn. All right, does not save against the Dominate Monster. It did take damage from the ice breath, so it would have been trying to make its save. Did not make it. At the end of Yenk's turn, Vorugal is going to use two of its legendary actions to do a wing attack. With a three, Yenk is knocked prone, and he suffers 15 points of bludgeoning damage. At which point, Vorugal's moving. Takes up into the air, right above. Now coming to Vorugal's turn. Vorugal gets cold breath back. And while Yenk is on the ground, looking upward and trying to get back up from the slick snow, releases another blast of cold breath down onto Yenk once more. Constitution save, plus 14. Does make its save again. It's a hardy individual; constitution saves are high. It causes this cluster of ice to gather around his form, and he breaks free. Vorugal is then also going to use its flight to move over this way and spin around. Yenk is going to use its turn to stand up. It looks around. It does make its save, breaking Dominate Monster, so that is gone. You're on another plane of existence. You guys are all in this quiet space, fingers crossed, hoping right now. Yenk looks frustrated at this point in time. Not a whole lot I can do right now at the moment, so it's going to run beneath and attempt to leap to grab it. Unfortunately, it does not make the full height. Leaps up in the air with all its strength; its thick muscular, hoofed hind legs crouch down and leaps in the air, its giant claws reaching forth, but Vorugal keeps just out of reach and kicks out with its claws and tail, knocking it back onto the ground. It lands, no effect. Vorugal's turn now. Actually, at the end of Yenk's turn-- no, it's not close enough. Come back to Vorugal's turn. Vorugal does not get the ice breath back. It's going to swoop down, eager to finish this hunt, and is going to unleash a series of attacks. Yeah, this is an interesting dynamic right now, because it looks like Yenk is resisting a lot of the cold impact from this. Vorugal's going to do a full range of attacks. Hits with the bite, hits with the claw, hits with the tail. Lands and bites into him. You see ice shards go shooting off from the impact with the teeth. Both claws tear into the chest, but you can see the flesh itself is hardy and resistant to the dragon's attacks. It's damaging it, but Yenk is definitely made of sturdier stuff. Okay, it comes to Yenk's turn now. As you guys are having this conversation, he is going to make two of its fist attacks and one with its hoof. A hit. A miss. And a hit. Legendary actions it gets every turn. You watch as after the clawing goes through Yenk's chest, Yenk reaches up and grabs the edge of Vorugal's scaly back of its head and uppercuts right into the jaw, and then brings up one of its hooves and straight-up chest kicks with the sharpened hoof into the center of Vorugal's chest. It leaves Vorugal stumbling back for a second. At the end of that turn, it's going to use two of its legendary actions to once again beat its wings. Yenk, not being a very dexterous individual, fails and gets knocked prone once again, sending Vorugal once again up to there. Back to Vorugal's turn, he does not get the ice breath, but it looks like Vorugal actually is moving further and further away and is biding his time. Yeah, you look out. Make a perception check. The sleet is coming down pretty hard, so you're having to glean what you can. You can see some movement of dragon stuff in the air, and you hear various pitches of growling, horrible, angry yelling in the center of the battlefield. You know they're there. Yenk's turn, very frustrated, can't seem to figure out what to do, is going to attempt to leap once more. Nope. He runs, leaps, tries to grab at the foot. Vorugal steps out of the way. Yenk finishes landing on the opposite side; no effect. Turns around. All right. Vorugal. Gets the cold breath back. He is going to fly backwards, and as it does, sprays an unholy mess of frozen breath energy down towards Yenk, who does not make the save, but still takes resistant damage, thanks to cold resistance. You watch with each impact Yenk's open wounds are getting frost shards jammed into them. Right now, it looks like Yenk doesn't have much of a recourse until Vorugal is on the ground, and Vorugal seems to have noticed this and is starting to keep a distance, and is waiting. Back to Yenk's turn. At the end of Vorugal's turn, Vorugal is going to take up about ten more feet... to get completely out of his leaping range there. Right now? 60 feet up. Yenk leaps and can't quite get that height and angrily begins to reach over and climb up the side of the mountain there. What's up? Which one? 60 feet is your range. He's a little higher than 60 feet from the angle. Or the wings, you could do that. All right. As you step over, the wings unleash and you fly up right underneath Vorugal right there. No, you're still stealthed. You were holding that, yeah. You don't seem to be noticed. Right now, Vorugal's attention is faced over as it's floating, staring at Yenk, who's now starting to climb up the side of the mountain. Well, let's see. I'd say, given the circumstances, it is unaware that you are part of the battlefield, even though there is a current threat in its circumstance, so in this situation-- let me double-check real fast. I would say, given the fact that it's completely unaware there was any other combatants in the vicinity aside from Yenk, I will allow this to be a surprise attack from you, though he is not considered surprised to anybody else. There isn't a surprise round. Oh, that hits. All right. Roll damage on that. 84 points of damage against Vorugal. Are you going with the blade, or you letting it sit? So as you throw the blade up, it strikes into one of the wounds that Yenk had already clawed under its chest, and the blade sinks up to the hilt and further in, and as you appear, you're actually wrist-deep in the wound right now. You are right up with Vorugal right now. The blade loses its luster and stumbles into the snow. (clinking) Hits the ground. It's out of range. It doesn't hit anything solid; you don't go with the blade. Correct. You're in the air, but there's a lot of sleet and rain hitting. All right, before you get there, he's now (roars). The angry scream. Vorugal's head swoops around underneath and directly into your eyes as you dart away with the blade. He spins in place and bites at you as you're trying to pull away. Okay. This is a bite attack, so it doesn't matter. So that is a 26? All right. So you take 22 points of piercing damage. Yeah, it's a melee attack, so you can do that. Plus 14 points of cold damage. Yeah, 20 total, reduced by half because of Uncanny Dodge, you said? Okay. So 95. You pull away to about there, the rest of your movement? Flying, so it would be 30. Okay, so yeah, you can get all the way to the ground if you want to. You get down to the ground about there if you want. Okay. Now I need you to go ahead and roll initiative and put you on the initiative order. You have now engaged. An 11. All right, so comes back to the top of the round now. Yenk is currently climbing up the side. Gets about halfway up the side. Is not entirely up, but is clawing up, and you feel the impact from where you're standing, Percy. Going to use the rest of his action to climb up. Gets all the way to the top of the ravine, which is about at the same height that Vorugal is. Based on your help, I need you to roll another stealth check because you helped him for the last half hour. You have advantage because she was helping you. Yenk gets to the top and turns around and sees Vorugal off to the side, glances down and goes (foreign words). And is going to make a giant bowling underhand fist punch right towards you, Percy. As a reaction right now, you can go ahead and take a shot. It's been more than two rounds since this started. It's been almost a round. You do watch this happening. No. It needs to solidly hit something. You can't throw it as hard as you can and it'll teleport you wherever it lands. It has to impact. Okay. He does still get the one hit on you, which is 27. You take 23 points of bludgeoning damage from the fist, and then the fist seems to sparkle with electrical energy as it goes to impact you. It is not a magic spell, no. You take six points of lightning damage. Yenk is at the top of the ravine. Yenk got up to where he would see him and then saw him as he was passing by. Stopped to slam him. No. 13 points of damage. Gets pushed back. Because he's still holding onto the edge, he has to see if he can-- No, it does not. Yenk loses grip from the blast of the gun after punching you, stumbles back. Claw hits the edge and falls down prone to the ground at the base of the ravine. 40 feet. 50 feet. Taking an additional 16 points of bludgeoning damage, which is halved. You do. Go ahead and roll initiative. 21. All right. That ends Yenk's turn. Vorugal does not get the ice breath back. However, does see both of you in the vicinity. Does not see you, no, but it sees Vax and Percy. The blast of the gun and the impact and the whole encounter with Yenk exposed you. It's going to use its action to use Frightful Presence, so I need both Percy and Vax-- and Vex, actually, because you're still within the range-- to make a wisdom saving throw. You have advantage. You guys are immune to frightening, so it doesn't actually affect you regardless, so don't worry about it. Don't have to roll; you're immune to fear. Yenk makes his saving throw, so Yenk is not afraid, either. Vorugal is now watching the battlefield and seeing the people that have been revealed. Vorugal's going to go up a little higher. He doesn't enjoy being ambushed or in a fight that he can't win. Okay. You look out and you see Vorugal way high in the air. You see Yenk on the ground, and you see a couple of your companions less stealthed than they were before. Those who are entering the fray, roll initiative. 14. What did you get, Keyleth? Anyone else? Grog? 15. All righty. Vex, do you want to roll? Pike, you as well? Everyone who has rolled initiative will be on the next initiative order. Vax, you're finishing up this round. Roll an attack roll. Okay. Go ahead and roll a stealth check. You could hold an action to do one thing with a trigger, sure. You can use your hasted action. All right, that brings us to the top of the round. Percy, you're at the top. No, the dice, as well. What's the total on that one? All right. Well, it has to make a strength save. That is a success. 21. 31 will hit, yep. 16, and what was the DC again? 19? Just fails with an 18, so instead of being knocked prone it drops 60 feet per round. We'll say for now, yes, it's dropping. There. All right, Percy. That was your second shot. 29 hits. Nice, 38. As you're aiming up as Vorugal's getting further and further away, you aim up and fire. One side hits it and wings it ever so slightly, the second shot you aim the other side it actually hits the joint and causes the wing to flap. Vorugal tumbles out of the air for a second and just manages to catch himself and the final shot impacts right in the back of the skull spines and shatters part of the bone and ice off of it, leaving a nice, fresh wound in the back of the head. All right. Okay, so Kima, who's now eager to get out there goes, "Okay. All right. Let's do this." She's going to cast Aura of Vitality on herself as her action. Then she goes running through the center of the portal, leaps out, turns the corner to there and stops and goes, "Oh shit." That's her turn. She's just entering the fray and did a preparation spell as part of that. Ending Kima's turn, let's see here. From out of seemingly nowhere in particular, you see a flash of electrical energy arcing from one of the nearby sections of the crevasse alcove. The bolt of energy arcs out and slams into Vorugal, who does not make the save, not seeing it there. That'll be 41 points of lightning damage. One of the arcs tries to reach for Yenk and manages to disperse before it can get to it. It's not quite within range, but that finishes wherever that lightning source was. Yenk angrily is going to stand up and turn. It is going to attempt to run and grab up at Vorugal again. MARISHA and Leaps and misses, (impact) landing right next to the rock. That's a natural 20 on a perception check as it lands (impact) and looks over right into your face. Yenk is now aware of you. At the end of Yenk's turn-- that's not going to help him right now. That's going to end that. Vorugal's turn. Breath does return this time. Vorugal, from up here, is going to send ice breath across the entire ground, sweeping up across both Yenk and Vax. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. No, it's constitution. 13? No. You suffer 72 points of cold damage, halved because of your resistance. 72, but halved because of your cold resistance. 36 points of cold damage to you. Vorugal's then going to take higher up into the air. Yeah. The idea with prone is that unless there's something that maintains or it can't improve its movement past its next turn, it continues to fall. That's going to finish Vorugal's turn. Grog, you're up. Yep. You're still inside the mansion. So that's 30 feet of movement. You have 20 more feet, if you want. All right. Then there, that's 25. That's your movement. The gauntlets took your bonus action. You can still use your action to dash, if you want to move further. Or do you want to stay there and hold your action? It's funny. It hit Yenk and the whole thing, but the dragon has an aerial view, and you have a single rock that you went behind to hide, and it saw you move behind the rock. You have to break eye contact to stealth. You can get there. Hulking, axe gripped, giant Grog is leaping through the snow. (impacts) You're two-thirds the size of Yenk, right now, which is crazy. All right, that ends Grog's turn. Scanlan, you're up. You're not still invisible, because you cast Dominate Monster. That's as far as you can get, there, with your reduced movement. Technically, no. It's not an attack or an action, so I would say it wouldn't. It may give away your location. To dash is your action. You can do that, yeah. Your bonus action, that's only a rogue ability. This way? Okay. That's your action. Yeah. It's big, heavy snow and slick ice. You're having to be careful. All righty. All right, finishing your turn. Vax, you're up. That will put you about there. Okay. Yenk has a reach of ten because his arms are long, and you're within his combat range, so as soon as you fly up, he swings out with his fist to attempt to impact you. As you're with your wings, dagger out, this fist comes swinging like a battering ram from the side. That is 22 to hit. Misses. (whoosh) You just barely dodge out of the way. You feel the force of it, the wind batter a bunch of errant falling sleet and snow across your face, but you rush past, the hasted bonus saving you on that one. That would have been 55 feet. Halved, yeah. Into Vorugal? That hits. How many Luck have you used, by the way? I thought you used Luck once before, today. It would have been yesterday. You're right. Land on the wall this way? Correct. We'll say you're about there, technically. There you go. Ending Vax's turn. Pike, you're up. No, you're inside the mansion right now. You just watched Grog, Kima, and Scanlan all dart out of it. Well, you didn't see Scanlan leave. Scanlan vanished. It's you, Trinket, and Keyleth. What did you roll? Ten, right? You'd technically be after Vax. We'll do your turn after this, but you're after Vax. Divine Intervention? All right, so you step out and you see this chaos happen the dragon in the air, the fiend on the side, swinging and barely missing a flying Vax, who swoops past in the middle of this sleet storm. You close your eyes and concentrate, holding your holy symbol, praying that Sarenrae has the ability to reach beyond the Divine Gate and lend you her strength temporarily. I need you to roll a d10. What did you roll? A zero? So this succeeded. So as you clutch your holy symbol, concentrating, hoping that she's there, feeling the division between the gods and their followers since the Divergence occurred. You've reached out to her a number of times. You look up through the darkness of your closed eyes, and you see a light, a beacon open. The clouds part, and suddenly the sound of rain goes away. The sound of all the chaos goes away, and it's just warmth and quiet, and you watch as Sarenrae's hand comes down and touches your forehead, and with your closed eyes, and says, "I'll do what I can." As she drifts away and smiles, you watch as her hand turns into a fist, and she looks up and disappears into the light. As you open your eyes, you now see up in the sky above Vorugal, the clouds that are dark, a sparkle of divine energy begins to swirl. As it grows stronger and stronger, the clouds suddenly part, and a giant column of divine energy (boom) slams down, right on top of Vorugal. Vorugal looks up just in time to try to move out of the way before it slams him back. Does not make his dex save with a roll of five. Vorugal suffers 50 points of divine damage and is slammed onto the ground. (cheering) Additional 26 points of bludgeoning damage. As the light column slams Vorugal to the ground, you can see some of the ice and snow underneath melts immediately, and what was once a column, you can see now looks like a giant fist made of spiritual energy that then withdraws slowly off the back of Vorugal and then dissipates before the clouds close up once more. That's your movement and your action. Okay. You watch as the hand of Sarenrae dissipates, some of the energy that's residual there lingers, and then forms into a flaming sword of pure golden-white energy. It is now hovering over the currently slammed-down, broken-looking body of Vorugal. All righty. That was... What level spell was that, again, Pike? Second level. Got it. All right, so make a melee spell attack against Vorugal. Roll a d20 and add, I believe it's 11. Roll a d20 and add 11 to it as the flaming blade attempts to strike down towards Vorugal. 25 hits. Go ahead and roll 1d8 plus five. Six points of divine damage. Through you, did 50 points. You're still part of it. All right, that ends Pike's turn. Vex, we're taking your turn because you weren't in the initiative order. Because dragons are your chosen enemy, I'm giving you the plus two damage against it. Currently, you have not been noticed. Yeah, that'll hit. Divine Intervention, man. Finally worked. Can't use it for a week, by the way, Pike, just so you're aware. Once it succeeds, you can't use it for a week. Great. Okay. Nice. All right, that ends your turn. You used your bonus action to Hunter's Mark. Okay. Keyleth, you're up. Pike, do you want to move at all, or do you want to stay behind that rock? All righty. How are you organizing the Fire Storm? Fire Storm, you create ten ten-foot cubes. You can maneuver it to hit both him and Yenk, if you want to. Make a dexterity saving throw. That is a failure on Vorugal, with a ten, and a seven on Yenk. They both fail, so roll damage on that. 7d10 fire damage. Yes? Which is five. It's your wisdom. Yes, there's a difference. 38 fire damage to both of them. All righty. The Fire Storm tears through the ravine. You can see the flames burn over Vorugal's body. Vorugal is now trying to get back up. (roars) He's extremely angry. The flames curl over Yenk, who bats away at them. It burns him, but Yenk does seem to resist it fairly well. Okay. There you go. All righty, does that end your turn? Percy, you're up. Okay. That brings us to Kima's turn. Kima sees the opportunity. Because of the snow, she can't quite get there yet with her full movement, unfortunately. All righty. Kima is going to use the rest of her action to dash and get right up next to Vorugal and is going to use her bonus action to use Vow of Enmity against it. She goes, "You are going to see Bahamut in pieces!" As she brings the thumb across, the holy symbol glows for a second. You see a mark emblazon and burn itself into the side of Vorugal's body. That's going to end Kima's turn. What's the range on that, actually? That's going to be a rough call. Okay, you watch as emerging from the treeline here, you see a little dwarf step forward, unaffected by the ice, and reach out a hand as a cluster of necrotic energy sparkles in the center. Leaps forward toward Vorugal. That is a success on the save, so it's half damage, but Keyleth, you recognize at a glance of your eye, this necromantic leap. This is a Blight spell. Larkin. Yenk turns around with a grin. (impacts) Coming forward. Is going to make three attacks, and has advantage on these attacks, because it's prone. A five and a one. Are you serious? Misses the first strike, with advantage. Hits with the second attack. Hits with the third. Okay, so that's going to be 48 points of damage from Yenk. Slams a fist once and glides off the scales. Second one goes and slams into the side of Vorugal's neck, and then picks up the hoof and jams it into the side of the skull, cracking into the side of Vorugal's head. You can see some teeth break and get thrown off and scatter into the ice and snow nearby. At the end of Yenk's turn, Vorugal is going to go ahead and use two actions to wing attack once more, getting up. Let's see. Yenk's going to have to make a strength save. Fails. Kima fails, as well. They are both knocked prone and suffer bludgeoning damage. You are also within 15 feet, Grog, technically, so I need you to make a strength saving throw. 17 does not cut it. You take 15 points of bludgeoning damage and you are knocked prone. It's rough. And Vorugal gets half its speed. Okay. How many grit points do you have, by the way, now? You did. This is correct. 22 hits. That's a natural 20. Has disadvantage because of your-- Oh, right. Strength checks. So natural 20. Unaffected. This is your last grit point. Gun jams. So as you go to fire Animus, it charges up for a second and blasts back, and you watch as a bolt of necrotic energy shoots up Percy's arm and into his head and bursts at his temples. You take 2d6 points of psychic damage. No, it doesn't get attacks of opportunity. It's not a creature. That ends Yenk's turn. It's now Vorugal's turn. Gets the breath back. Turns around here. At the giant cluster of shit here. Doesn't need to. You're in a very big space there. I need Pike, Scanlan, and Keyleth to all make constitution saving throws. It's not an attack. It's an effect that happens. With advantage? Why do you get advantage? No. Roll one dice. Okay. Scanlan? 23. Pike, what did you get? Nine. Kima failed. So that is 72 points of cold damage to Scanlan, Pike, and Kima. No, sorry. Halved to you. Wait, does one of you have the Cold Snap armor on? Oh yeah. So yeah, 36 cold damage to you, Keyleth. 72 to both of you and Kima. And Vorugal is then going to get back a bit and fly a little higher. The wing effect is a legendary action on somebody else's turn, and then on his turn, he has a speed of 80 feet, flying. He's not affected by cold. Sorry, white dragon. That's going to end Vorugal's turn. Grog, you're up. That's half movement, so that's about as far as you can get right now. Unfortunately, no. Scanlan, you're up. This way, you mean? That's your movement. Quite a ways right now, yeah. Not quite that much, no. Maybe somewhere in the neighborhood of 80 feet. Actually, make a concentration check with advantage, because you have War Caster. It's a constitution saving throw. 14. Yeah, no. You had to beat a 36 because of the damage from the ice blast. Yeah, your invisibility drops. You are now fully visible. Yeah, he's within 120 feet, probably. Bigby's Hand? All right. Bigby's Hand flies up to meet Vorugal. Unfortunately, he's just too big for Bigby's Hand. Roll a d20 plus your spell attack bonus. 17. (whoosh) The fist swings past. Vorugal dodges out of the way, batting his wings and getting out of the trajectory of the fist that just streaks by harmlessly. Yeah. Yeah. All righty. That's your turn, Scanlan? Vax, you're up. Maybe. Okay. That will put you right about there. All right. The 17 and 19 miss. The first one hits. The other two streak off. Yes. Okay. You're not going with Whisper? You're not going with Whisper? Okay. Are you? If you want to, sure. Why not? You impact. Okay. You're right there with Vorugal. All righty. That ends Vax's turn. Vex, you're up. Go for it. 40. Yep. All right. So that's your turn? Okay. Roll a stealth check. No, because you used Hunter's Mark. Okay, good to know. End of your turn, Vorugal is going to use his legendary action to make a tail attack against Vax. You can if it hits you, yeah. So that is a 26? Okay. So as you get up there and the arrows smack into the sides, from both Vex's attacks-- Okay, you can. That is 27. 23 points of bludgeoning damage as the tail (whack) slams you in the side, almost breaking one of the wings off, and you just manage to catch yourself in the air. So 28, and you can half that. All right. So that ends Vex's turn. Pike, you're up. Ten-foot radius, 40-foot high cylinder. Centered around a point within range. So it's a 60-foot range. Doesn't say it has to be on the ground, per se. Ten-foot radius. Yeah. You can direct it where it's not going to hit Vax. (laughs) All right, so what's your spell DC? 18. This is dex, right? It's a 21. He succeeds, so that's half damage. Go ahead and roll damage on that. It's 8d6 damage. It explodes, and it's a saving throw to see if he manages to avoid some of the damage, which he did. What did you get? Ten-foot radius. No. She's directing it in a way where it hits the front of him. It bursts right through his head and the edge of his wings. 8d6, yeah. Just those. 29. All right. So 14 points of damage with the halved. (explosion) The blast hits; the flames spin around. You see Vorugal starting to look a bit rough now. It's getting angry; wings are beating faster. You can see there's a feral desperation in Vorugal's eyes right now at all the things that are starting to come at him. Okay. All right. At the end of your turn, Pike, using another legendary action to make another tail attack at Vax, trying to beat you away from behind at this point. That is a 25. That hits? Okay. Well, you can only make one reaction per round, yeah. That'll put you at 14 points of bludgeoning damage. (whack) Right at your side this time. Though you were able to dodge most of the first impact, this one smacks you to your side, and you spiral over for a second, catching yourself, and still keep afloat right there. All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Earthbind. What's the range on Earthbind? Yeah, that will do it. All right, what's the saving throw on it? Saving throw on that is a strength saving throw. All right, that is a failure. It's going to use one of its legendary resistances to make it. (groaning) Right behind here? All right. That ends your turn? At the end of your turn, he's going to use his third and final legendary action to make another tail swipe at Vax. That is a 27. Okay. This third tail strike right now is going to do 17 points of bludgeoning damage. (impacts) You've been battered in the air by the white dragon tail swinging behind. The focus is less on you as it's hitting you, and it's focusing on the whole battlefield down in front of it and the giant demon that is still lying on the ground. That brings us up to Percy. Yenk got knocked prone. Fire again, this time (click, explosion). You see a burst of smoke come out, and part of the metal slightly bends. And you're like, "Shit!" Yeah. You could use your action surge, if you wanted to. No, if you're pulling your next gun out. You're not trying to repair? You'd still have two more attacks. Yeah, because you have quick draw. You drop Bad News, grab another weapon. You still have two more attacks. Nope. Fires off in the distant cloud. That hits. Right, with the ten. Yeah. There you go. 21. First one misses. (click) You set it up. This time, takes a shot. (impact) It hits Vorugal from underneath a few feet off from where Vax is. You can see the wound beginning to bleed now. The more damage Vorugal gets, the more you can see the trickle of reddish-blue blood darkening against the white skin. Vorugal is looking fairly damaged. Nope. 20 just hits. Your final shot? Yeah. That ends your turn. That comes to Kima's turn. Kima is going to get up. I know. This is a rough fight for the melee. Did maintain concentration. That's good. Kima's going to use a bonus action to heal you, Grog, for nine points. Nine health, using her Aura of Vitality. She's not close enough to you, unfortunately. Yeah, you may have pissed her off. She will move up into range with Yenk, but she can't actually attack. Too much ice, and her legs are not the longest, and she's having a hard time getting in the fray, but now she's locked in the battle. All right. It's Larkin's turn, technically. You watch as the tiny dwarf form looks around at the chaos here, and with how things are going, "Shite!" His form vanishes as a green dragon appears. (shouting) All right, uses the movement to fly up. She is a diseased dragon. And releases (blows air) cold blast of poison breath at this direction. As the billowing cloud of toxic fumes fills you, you instinctually freak out for a second before you realize that the magical protection in your lungs is preventing any of it from taking hold inside. That's cocked. It does make its save. It's a constitution. I don't know if the poison's going to affect Bigby's Hand. It'is arcane. It's not going to affect that. That's for more of physically hitting it. However, Vorugal does end up taking 38 points of poison damage. Okay, at this point, that's going to end Raishan's turn. Yenk gets up, looking at the battlefield. He sees this giant, hulking goliath. Well, technically with Seeming, a large dragonborn with an axe. Lurches forward. Kima gets an attack of opportunity against Yenk. No, his physical form still shifts into a larger one. He looks smaller than his actual self, I guess, comparatively. We'll say for the fun element of it, he still looks like a bigger dragonborn, as Grog wants to look bigger on this one. Kima does hit Yenk. She's going to use Divine Smite, 4th-level spell against him as part of that. Ooh! That's going to be nice. 21 plus 4d8. 5d8 because it is a fiend. I don't want to rob her of any awesome damage here. I know. Seriously! She gets additional 1d8. It's 5d8 additional damage. 48 points of damage in one strike from Kima against Yenk. Just attack of opportunity, yeah. She poured a level four Divine Smite spell into it and (impacts) as she slams behind. Fiends are a paladin's thing. As Yenk's running away towards you, Grog, she says, "No, you don't!" (impacts) Slams up with her maul and strikes at the side of Yenk, causing him to tumble. He's still keeping his trajectory, though. He slams forward towards you. That's more than 15 feet. He's going for a gore attack against you, Grog, with the horns, like he did with Vorugal at the beginning of the battle. (chuckles) Yeah. That is a 22. I don't think you're in range. 60 feet? Let me se. 60. Just out of range. You suffer 55 points of piercing damage from the horns, halved, plus an additional 38 points of piercing damage from the momentum from the gore. Additional 38. 19 on top of the half. Plus an additional seven points of cold damage as the horns strike into you, the horns almost solidify into ice spikes as it hits you, the ice breaking off. Okay. There you go. That ends Yenk's turn. It is now Vorugal's turn. Vorugal's pissed and hurt and angry and is going to move away. You do get one, yeah. Currently, yes. You don't get sneak attack here, no. Nice. That's some good luck with the ice breath this battle. I need Keyleth, Pike, and Scanlan to all make constitution saving throws. 18. Pike? All right, all three of you guys take 72 points of cold damage. So Pike is unconscious. Scanlan? You're okay? What's your hit points? (laughs) Keyleth, where you at? All right, and for the rest of Vorugal's turn... Pike is currently unconscious, yeah. That ends Vorugal's turn. Grog, you're up. Yes, you can. That hits. Yeah, all three hit. The middle one gets critical. Don't forget your additional 1d4 damage with your axe because you're enlarged. Including the 1d4? 25. Does that includes the ten for great weapon master? So 35 points of damage on the first strike. All right. Second attack, which is the critical. Yeah, all dice rolls double. Roll a d12, plus d6, plus d4. 18 times two. (laughs) 36 plus ten. 46, plus 2d12 because of brutal critical. Plus 46. 53 points of damage with the second strike. Roll damage for the third one. 28 on the third. Nice. You did over 100 damage on one round of melee combat. (laughs) Jesus! So as you angrily get up, your large, draconic form, you rush forward, stepping right up to where Yenk is slamming into you. And after goring you in the chest, you embrace the anger and (impacts) bring the axe down, right into the inside of the shoulder. For the final attack, you put a foot up and drag it down across, cutting into it. You see a bunch of black-blue blood scatter across the snow, darkening it, the snow immediately melting with a (sizzling) hissing sound as it impacts with the ground around you. Yenk looks visibly hurt now. He's like, (pained grunts). No, but you do see that the red, beady, coal-like flame eyes of Yenk are now burning with a vibrant red and are focused entirely on you. All right. That ends Grog's turn, I believe? Scanlan, you're up. Actually, at the end of Grog's turn, Vorugal is going to use one of his legendary actions to attempt a tail attack, which has a reach of 20 feet. You are within 20 feet. Yep. That is cocked. 18 plus 14 is 32? You take (counting) 16 points of bludgeoning damage. As the tail swings towards you, roll a d12. It was seven plus eight, so it would have been 16. It was eight plus eight. 16. Oh shit! Now it's your turn. 2d4 plus six. Pike is up 13 points. Yes, you are within range. It has a 15-foot bite reach, a ten-foot claw reach, and a 20-foot tail reach. To where? Over here? All right, that brings us to Vax. Scanlan, by the way, I need you to make two concentration saving throws. Make two constitution saves. Well, it's one of them with advantage, so roll twice. Yeah, even with the bonuses, Bigby's Hand is gone. You took full damage from the last blast, so that would have been 72. Half of that would have been-- you had to roll a 36. Okay, so as you dart past and grab her-- You're then taking your action to grab her. Okay. You are leaving his combat range in doing so, so he's going to get his attack of opportunity on you, as part of his bite strike against you. That is 18 plus 14, so 32. If it drops you, you drop, and you drop with her. I understand that. The attack of a bite is going to change your trajectory of a dragon slashing at you. That is eight-- Total would be eight plus eight, plus an additional 4d6 cold damage. Yeah. You grab Pike. As you begin to try to make the way, the bite snatches into you and lifts you up and throws you to the ground next to Pike, and you're both there on the ground. Yes, didn't bite Pike. You're both right outside of the door right now. Kind of, yeah. That ends Vax's turn. Vex, you're up. Okay, go for it. 22 does hit. No, he's within range for Marisha. Marisha is not threatening him, at the moment. You were. He did not see you. (laughs) You're growling at him. That hits. These are sharpshooter shots? It's the 1d10, plus bonus-- Right, there we go. Second one is how much damage? Okay. Does that end your turn? Go for it. Roll a stealth check. Okay. End of your turn, Vorugal's going to use his second legendary action and is going to swing around with the tail over the top of the rock (impact) to slam down on the conscious Pike. You are prone. It has advantage on the attack roll against you. That is 28 to hit. 22 points of bludgeoning damage. Pike's now unconscious. Okay. Vorugal is now in this ravenous, primal rage, and is trying to finish things off successively that have been a problem. Now, with that, both of them are unconscious on the ground, Scanlan's out of the picture, Keyleth is still standing right by the side of the tree. Pike, you're up next, so I need you to go ahead and roll a death saving throw. Roll a d20. A 20? Natural 20? You are stabilized. You gain one hit point. You're conscious. You're conscious again. The tail slams you, and you go out, and then as the tail pulls away, (gasps) you catch yourself again. Your turn's over, but you're back. Pulling the tail back. That's the end of your turn. Your turn was the death saving throw. You take that at the end of your turn. You woke up at the end of it. At the end of your turn, Vorugal uses the third and final legendary action for this round and with a 20-foot range, is going to swing the tail around, breaking through the tree, towards Keyleth. That is a 29 to hit. That is a 24. Ancient dragon, sorry. That is 22 points of bludgeoning damage. All right. Now it's your turn, Keyleth. The vine wouldn't pull them through the door because you can only create it within a space where a natural plant would grow. What are you going to do, Keyleth? Hurry up. Okay, so you cast Sunbeam. 60-foot line, five-foot wide. Right past that way. Okay. You might have to reposition to do so. You get around the tree and past the rock. Yeah, you can hit both of them. Vorugal, that is a 32. Yenk is a 27. They both make it. 26, then halved? Embracing the age-old tradition of the Air Ashari, Keyleth vanishes into a form of swirling wind, picking up the various bits of sleet and snow around you. You're almost like a slushy tornado. You've already used your action to cast the spell, unfortunately. You can use your movement to move. To pull somebody with you-- 90 feet, so it would be 45 feet up, if you want to. Sure, why not? You rush up into the air. Vorugal does not get an attack of opportunity because he already used his reaction against you. So you (whoosh) without an issue. All right, that ends your turn. Percy. Right above you, you see Raishan, wings beating, looking over and assessing the battlefield. You see Vorugal down there, bloody. You see Yenk, bloodied. Both engaged and distracted. You are currently not in either of their attentive sphere. 30 hits. 17 misses, unfortunately. It hits the side, but the shot shatters across the dragonhide. You know what? Hold on, Percy. You are conscious on the ground, barely paying attention, and all of a sudden, you hear the shot go off, and you see it about to blast against the hide. As a war cleric? I'll see if he has to be within range, or if it's one of the things that you can do if he attacks an enemy. The creature has to be within 30 feet of you, so no. He's way too far. Third one does hit. Okay. I know you do. As you leap off the side, the clench in the stone (tink) comes loose, and you (impacts) tumble down the hill. I need you to make an acrobatics check. Natural one? You tumble Homer Simpson-style (repeated impacts) down the icy, rocky side, landing prone and suffering 18 points of bludgeoning damage on the way, landing prone on the ground. (impact, groan) Kima's turn. Kima's going to go and flank Yenk against Grog, giving her advantage on her first attack. Yeah, that's a 25 to hit, and her second attack is-- yeah, both hit. The first strike with her Holy Thunder Maul. 19 points of damage against the goristro, and she's going to burn another 3rd-level spell to do a holy smite at third level. All righty. 23 additional radiant damage on top of that, and then her second strike, she's going to burn her last 3rd-level spell to do another smite. That is 16. (counting) 31. Nice! Yeah, she did a lot of damage on that round. Slamming twice with the maul into the backside of Yenk. The first one slams into the shoulder, sending him to the ground with his fist. (grunts) He starts getting back up. She spins, using the inertia, and slams the maul into the side of his knee, which pops out and sends him down onto one knee now, and Yenk is basically half-prostrate in front of you, Grog, preparing for your next round of combat. (growls) Ending Kima's turn. It is now Raishan's turn. Raishan does not get the breath back. However, is going to fly. Not used to the ice and can't quite get to full speed there, but can get close enough to attempt a Blight spell, at the very least. Vorugal fails. That's an 18. Yeah, fails the save. Yeah, burning a legendary resistance to make it happen, so it still makes the save, so it's still half, but it has one left. Okay, so it takes 18 points of necrotic damage. That's the end of that turn. It is now Yenk's turn. Yenk is going to do a full-on multiattack against you, Grog. That is a 24 to hit? Actually, it has advantage on you because you used reckless attack. That hits. Second one is 26 to hit. And natural 20. All right. So the first fist is 29 points of piercing damage, so reduce that to 14, plus three points of fire damage as the fist suddenly bursts into flame as it slams into you. The secondary fist comes swinging around the other way, dealing 20 points of piercing damage, reduced to ten. Plus, you take eight points of lightning damage as suddenly an arc of energy streaks from the fist, slamming into the other side of your face, as you're taking it on each side. As you grin, he leaps up into the air, his strong, thick legs getting almost up above you, then kicks down with its hooves towards you like a very angry goat. This is the critical. Reduce the damage, yeah. 46 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to 23, plus ten points of ice damage as the hooves slam into you, leaving these frozen cracks where the blood should be emanating from. It seals the wound, almost. Correct, reduce that by 14, and then make your retaliatory strike. Go for it. That hits. 32 points of damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) As you grab him, you try to begin to pull, and he slams onto the ground, and you see him grab his arms back to try and pull himself back up. You kick him straight down again, and as you laugh, you push your foot into his crotch area as you pull Yenk in half with a sheer show of strength, smearing you with black, burning blood. It does burn you. You do suffer five points of fire damage as the blood that's spurting on you is burning into the skin. You tear him mostly in half. You can see the innards spilling into the snow and melting the snow within a five-foot radius of you as he (death rattle) is still surviving as you pull him apart. As you get closer, he reaches forward and grabs you and palms your head with his last bit of strength and begins to squeeze, and then the fingers eventually go lax before the hand (impact) onto the ground. She goes, "You are." (laughter) No. Sorry. Yenk is done and torn open on the ground. Vorugal is going to go ahead and (whoosh) come up and then-- Pike is not currently threatening him. Yeah, with Raishan blasting and seeing the dragon, Vorugal is going to turn this way, behind this space underneath the air elemental. "You "betrayer!" (roars) And unleash a blast of frozen death down, hitting Raishan, as well as Vax and Pike. You're unconscious. Vax, you fail a death saving throw automatically. RIght. If you make the save, you're still taking 30-something cold damage, so you're down. Automatic one fail on a death saving throw. Raishan does not make the save and takes 72 points of ice damage. Yeah, that's going to end Vorugal's turn, very angrily. All right, that brings us to Grog. Make a quick investigation check. That's as far as you can get on your full movement. Yeah, you can get about there. All right, that ends Grog's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Yeah. It's 4d4 plus four. Actually, Percy, make a concentration check, if you could. Make a constitution saving throw for Hex, yeah. Forgot about that. 15. For you to take half damage? Yeah. Hex stays. All right. Scanlan? Okay. Go for it. That's a natural 20 on his save, so he does make his save. That's right. Natural one. 20, one. To be fair, we do a lot of rolls in these big fights. (explosion) The explosion hits. You see it sends ice shards shooting everywhere, leaving a big crater on the ground where the snow once was, and part of the stonework is barely scratched. The blast hits Vorugal, and Vorugal (grunts). Looks down at the two unconscious bodies on the ground. Looks up at Raishan. (huffs) Does that end your turn? End of your turn, it's going to use two actions to do a wing attack, beating its wings, hitting every creature within 15 feet. You're out of range, actually, Marisha. Grog, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. 21? That unfortunately fails. You take 15 points of bludgeoning damage, and you're knocked prone. Also, Pike and Vax, you both fail a death saving throw from the bludgeoning winds of the ice dragon's wings beating downward. Vorugal is going to head upward and begin flying this direction to turn tail and flee. You were right over him. As he gets up, I'll give you one. I don't have any more of these things here. That's specifically a War Caster feat ability. Currently, yeah. He just moved 40 feet with that one reaction. Possibly, yeah. That ends Scanlan's turn. Vax, I need you make a death saving throw. You have advantage. So you're okay for now. Vex, you're up. 27 hits. 25 damage? All right, and the second hit? How do you want to do this? (cheering) He's taking away, and you have a shot as it's arcing to the right of you, bleeding and limping in the air, but managing to pick up speed. The sleet and snow is strong and firing around you. The first arrow, you aim for it. It streaks off and hits another wound and gets jammed in. You pull back with the second arrow, and right as you see the snow beginning to blind, the one moment of clarity that hits you, (arrow firing) you release the arrow, piercing inside where the wound was, where one of Yenk's horns had gashed into the front of his chest. Vorugal (roars) and spins into a corkscrew, plummets and crashes into the side of the ravine, tumbles backward. Rocks come tumbling onto it. Vorugal hits the ground, smacked open. As it begins to get back up, (impacts) a bunch of rocks slam down, and one big shard of ice (impacts) slams into it. (panting) Still writhing in place as he's bleeding out. He's still currently holding on as he's jammed to the ground. You see the bluish-purple blood leaking out the side of the mouth. (panting) It can't move, and you can see the strength leaving Vorugal's body. Raishan swoops up next to Vorugal's corpse, leaning over. (cackles) "Tell "your master on the other side, when you see him, that it was worth it." And Raishan sinks her teeth into his throat and tears it out. You see the spray of blood across Raishan's mouth and across the front of the ravine as Vorugal's body falls limp onto the ground. Spits the chunk of white dragon flesh onto the bottom of the ravine. The green dragon spins around, facing you all. "Well "done." And backs into a sitting position. The wings furl down and fold into her side. "Take your "spoils. It seems the war is nigh." Okay, roll an investigation check. While that's happening, in the time it takes you guys to rush over, I need you both to make one more death saving throw. Grog comes by, scoops you both up, and force-feeds you two basic healing potions. You both come to consciousness bruised, beaten, but apparently the current struggle is done, though you're now shivering, cold, soaked through. All of you, the elements have really sunk in once the adrenaline begins to wear off. How much do your potions heal for them? It's 1d4 plus four. Sorry, 2d4 plus two. Plus two, eight. You heal eight, Vax. So seven to Pike. 16, you healed? As you start peering through, you can see there's an intestinal tract that's covered in thorns. It's a very weird, fucked-up alien creature, based on any sort of anatomic understanding. As you pull back, you can find there's one rigid portion of the inside of its intestinal tract that is swollen and looks to have this weird black, pulsing mass that surrounds it, like it's infected perpetually. As you pull it back, you can see there are actual vines and ivy that have begun to grow inside its abdomen. You tear back and pull it, and as soon as you cut back the rest of the muscle that's currently tensing it in, the muscle almost instinctually pulls back, all the tension lost, and it almost fires this staff-like entity out. It shoots outward, and you have to dodge to the side immediately. You see that it's strangely pristine amongst all the crimson and gore. The blood of this creature does not even touch its surface. A twisted series of clumped-together thorny vines that form this curvature at the top. A singular yellowish-green gem in the center that hovers, locked in place by no noticeable force. It's there, jutting out of the body of the creature. You all rush into the inside of the mansion? "Very well. I hope that perhaps this display of intent has quelled some of your worries. I'll "see you at home, then." The form shifts down to that of Asum, closes the eyes for a second, and the form shifts as you see a sudden glyph appear beneath, and vanishes. Okay. As you're doing that, too, you're noticing that Yenk's body is rapidly decomposing. Its form is dissolving from the inside. I figure, for the fact that it's near midnight, we can begin next game working out the logistics of what you've managed to harvest with the rolls and such. We'll pick up from here next time. That was intense, guys. Well done. Actually, they did some pretty decent-- I think Yenk did close to 100 points of damage before you guys even engaged Vorugal. (laughing) Can you see it? Sure. You can go ahead and have a look at your Spire of Conflux. You earned it. Well, guys. Well done. You've now taken three of the five Chroma Conclave dragons, and with the death of Vorugal, pretty much are spearheading the final push to Thordak. We'll find out. (chuckles) Well, guys. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful night. Thank you for those who stuck around for as late as this epic battle went. I hope you enjoyed it as much as we did. Divine Intervention! Punched Vorugal into the dirt, man.