Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, here, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons. No, I got it right this time. Careful what you wish for. But yeah, so thank you for joining us! Last week was kind of a crazy episode, and this week we continue that theme. However, I do want to go over some quick announcements, so we can get the show on the road, get as much game time as possible. Looks like we are going to be down one Scanlan Shorthalt tonight. Unfortunately, Sam Riegel had scheduling stuff he couldn't get around, but we do have our other fantastic gnome, Ashley Johnson, joining us from New York. (cheering) So yeah, that's cool. This is our 40th episode. 40th episode. That's crazy to me. Hopefully not. I certainly hope not. We'll see how tonight goes. So yeah, that'll be cool and we're gonna have our anniversary coming up in March too, which will be fun, so excited for that. Yeah, so-- Close, we'll see. That would be crazy. No, I don't think so, but anyway, couple of quick announcements, just a reminder we're going to be at Wizard World Portland, February 20th-21st, so if you guys are in the area and want to come say hello, we'll be there for those two days. Yes, do it. We'll be doing signings. We'll have panels Saturday and Sunday, so it should be a fun time and hopefully we'll see you there. Me and Marisha will be in Denver for Colorado Anime Fest the weekend before that, for Valentine's day weekend in Denver, Colorado. So if you guys are in that area, you can come and visit us, also for fun panels and insanity that shall ensue. So look forward to that. Also, me and Marisha will be in Ireland, we can now announce, at the beginning of March. For Kaizoku Con. In Ireland so-- Yeah, Kaizoku? I know, isn't it? It's an old Gaelic term. (laughter) 2d6 damage. (laughter) Ashly Burch. Yeah. First canonical voice for the new Ms. Marvel. You know you've made it when. Well, cool. So congrats! Yeah, go play them, guys. Let's see. Also, a reminder for Wyrmwood Gaming, who makes awesome wooden game stuff. They're still supporting our special code to get free shipping when you order from them. Yeah, doesn't work well if you go to like Bed, Bath and Beyond. We don't have a relationship with them. Yet. We're working on it. We're working on it. We think there is a lot of great crossover, like the Venn diagram between Bed, Bath and Beyond enthuasiasts and Critters. So, do we have any other announcements anyone wants to make or shall we dive on in? That's cool. Yeah, Ashley, go for it. There you go. Do it. Nothing. We're going to jump right into it. All right, guys, so welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role. So to get you up to speed real fast the group Vox Machina, after finishing their foray in Whitestone, finding a member of the council, Riskel Daxio, was a cult member for this entity called Vecna, bringing him to justice and executing him in the throne room of the palace of Emon, they discovered during the search the traveling troupe of Dr. Dranzel's performance troupe, which Scanlan used to be a part of. During this time, they hatched a plan to have Vox Machina seek this house that had fallen into disarray, and the owner disappeared for a while, that may contain some goods. The party went and investigated. They had previously been in the house and were curious as to where it stands at this point in time, especially if more people are disappearing into it. Upon going into what was once General Krieg's house where they once fought a blue dragon, they discovered the corpse of Krieg, long-buried from the collapse of the cavern and picked apart by some other large clawed creature. And immediately got into some sort of a fight with a purple worm and a frost worm that were essentially battling over whatever it was that was moving in that tunnel that seemed to be nice and tasty. These adolescent worm creatures, not even fully grown, proved a nice little challenge, but the party managed to succeed in escaping after killing them, before the mother showed up. They returned to Emon, managed to help Scanlan's now-discovered daughter, Kaylie, out of a little pinch in getting imprisoned after she'd gotten into a major bar brawl. And the party returned to their keep, where they were notified that Uriel, the Sovereign of Tal'Dorei and the city state of Emon, had an announcement to make in the Cloudtop District. So gathered Gilmore, gathered the rest of the party, and everyone went to the Cloudtop District around noon at the presentational stage-- not at noon, at dusk. Sorry, the other one. So, at which point Uriel announced that he felt he was no longer a worthy leader or ruler of this entire realm he has under his watch and is deciding to step down. During this announcement, however, a number of strange entities came through the clouds in the sky as a series of chromatic ancient dragons swooped in and began to destroy the city of Emon. Many of the townsfolk gathered at that square were immediately killed. The party as well as a few straggling survivors ran away as both the large, gargantuan black and green dragon begin to chase you down. Right before they honed in to pick you off, an even larger ancient red dragon shoved them off to head east to continue their plot after slamming down into the center of Emon and claiming it as his own domain. The party escaped via the druid's Transport Via Plants spell and just stepped through the tree to land in the center of their keep of Greyskull. So now we pick up where that left off. So as you all come rushing through the other side of the transport spell, each one of you comes stumbling out into the center of the temple to Sarenrae that's constructed on the base floor of your keep. The sheer intensity and force that pushes you all through one after another, some of you end up tripping and catching yourself, but nevertheless you all make it through safe and sound before the large tree trunk behind you, the portal, snaps shut, the magic exhausted. The adrenaline still pumping in your head, you're all still thinking over and processing what exactly had just happened and what it means. Looking around right now, you have the stained glass of the complex. The keep seems to be in order. From this perspective, you don't see anything because the city is on the opposite side of the keep. This portion of the temple is actually facing southward. Pike, be aware, as part-- Yeah, I'll let you know where you are at. You cast, let's see, you cast Heal once, which I believe was your 6th-level spell, and then you cast Mass Cure Wounds, so a 5th-level spell. So you've cast a 6th and a 5th. Correct. Healthwise, you were down 66 and then you healed up, I don't remember the exact number. It was like 24. We'll go with 24. It's fine. Okay. Which one is this? Are you casting Cure Wounds? On who? Mass Cure Wounds is a 5th-level spell. Pike, are you not casting Cure Mass Wounds? You have one more 5th-level spell, so you could do if you wanted. Okay. So I believe that's 3d8 plus five, unless I'm mistaken. This was on, this would be on up to six creatures, so 3d8+5. Well, everybody but one. Sure, everybody but Scanlan, we'll put it there. Plus five? Okay, so everyone heals 18 hit points. That's all right. Okay, you're heading off-- As you head into the foyer, the first thing you see is Laina currently panicking about, running around with Erwin falling behind, trying to calm her down and going, "Laina, it's all right "calm down." And Laina is like, "I don't know what to do, I, I--" She turns around and sees you, "Oh, "Master, Master Vax." "We can do that, we have a problem--" She points out. The front of the keep is currently opened, the doors and the gate's there and you can hear what sounds like a cluster of very loud voices, shouting and screaming and yelling over each other. You are, yeah. Are you following him to the foyer? Currently only Vax is. All right, as you guys move into the foyer to follow, you see Vax having this conversation with Laina. She and Erwin go head back down, to head down to the workshop. What are you doing? Okay. Roll stealth check. All right, good to know. All right, so as you go to the door and look out, you can see, along the top wall there are three figures. Takes you a moment to focus, and you realize that it is Kendrick, who's one of your general guards you keep around, as well as Cordell and Shayne. All three of them have crossbows ready, and they're yelling to each other and aiming them over the wall towards the front. However, what you can hear from this point is a chorus of 20, 30 or more voices muffled from the other side of the wall. Okay, so there is a ladder at the side, and you climb up the ladder, and as you get closer, you hear people shouting, different voices going, "Let us in, let us in or we'll die!" Voices going, "What are you doing, you going to leave us out here?!" Other people are screaming, you hear crying children, you hear people shrieking. Well, as you get up to the top and crest over, you can see the three guards are all yelling at each other and yelling over, "We can't, we can't do anything right now, we're waiting for "th--" They look over and see you come over the edge, and you can see there's probably close to 50 or so people that are all pressed up against the gates to the inside of your keep, that are all shouting to be let in. You can see people that are fleeing from the town in little bits, two or three at a time, trails of individuals that are just now managing to make it outside of the city of Emon itself. Some of them are heading out into the distance, getting far away as possible. A few more are heading towards the keep, and you gather that this crowd has been gathering here for the last few minutes, at the very least. They all look at each other. Cordell gives you a nod, "Right, sir, we'll open the gate, hold "on." And you guys all, are you heading out to the courtyard as well? Or are you staying inside the keep? So you come out and see this happening and hear them shouting at the top of the wall. At this point, you hear this strange high-pitched whine sound. Vax, as you look up, you can see there are these columns of smoke that are billowing out of the city in the distance as mass areas are burning and smoldering. You see coming out of one of the clouds something spinning slowly towards you, and you look up and see it's one of the skyships from the Cloudtop District, one half of it currently in flames. At which point, you can see now Shayne and Cordell are pulling on the ratchets, pulling the chains up as fast as they can while putting their eyes up and seeing this as it careens in your direction. Okay. The gate opens a little bit, enough to get one or two people through, and begins to push through, and you can see now people are yelling in pain as they're being crushed, as the whole mass of them are pushing through the small opening. It doesn't seem to be affecting anybody, unfortunately. There's this inlaid fear, this animalistic need to survive. At this point, the skyship has passed overhead, missing the top of the keep and the highest walls by about 40 or so feet. For a few seconds of silence, and you hear impact, shaking the ground for a few seconds. Not far from here, you can see another blast of red fire and a couple of sparks of arcane energy that arc out, as another column of smoke south of you begins to pour up into the sky. Okay. As you start rushing in that direction, to the south side of the castle, looking back to where the skyship came through, you can see the smoke parts once more, and you see unfurling from within two large white wings bearing down, and you can see as it swoops down, there are groups of people that are rushing 100, 200, 300 feet away, that are pulling themselves out of the ravine that sits between the south walls of Emon and the north walls of your keep. As they're pouring through the mud and the stream there, it's about four or five feet deep, it swoops down and unleashes a blast of freezing cold energy that freezes that whole section of the river solid and every person in that vicinity as well. Locked in place. You don't see this because you're inside the wall. You see it come down and swoop by. You see it circle around. You, however, have a good view of this, right as you're about to go down the wall on the ladder. As you go running up, you guys see now it circles back around and its wings tilt to one side as it begins to make its way towards the keep for a second sweep. I would like everyone to roll initiative. Put you there. Percy and Vex, you guys are up on the wall, technically, right? Okay, yeah, so the ladder is there. The way this is designed is it's a ladder getting up and down. Did you still go down the ladder, or are you staying up top here? Okay, so as soon as you see it swoop overhead, you come back down to the bottom there. Scanlan is currently inside for the sake of this, and may come out here in a moment, he's figuring out what's going on. Grog, where are you? All right, so let's go ahead and place some cattle. This is the entrance to your actual keep, there. Essentially, these two sections here are the doors that lead through to the interior. People are pouring through at this point, trying to get through as fast as possible. Whole cluster of them. Pike, you are where? In the center, keeping watch there, all right, and Trinket is with you-- or Trinket can't make it up the ladder, so Trinket is staying in the courtyard, probably keeping close to Pike right there. All righty, so. Initiative. 25 to 20. What did you get, Keyleth? All right. Who got 20 to 15? 15. Pike, what did you get? Three. Grog? That's right, that's correct, you do have a sixth level spell, still. Yes, thank you for the reminder. Good on you. All right, and so here we have Cordell, we have Shayne, and we have Kendrick right there on the top, as well. Top, currently the dragon is about, I'd say, 120 feet off this direction. You're up first, Percy. The dragon at the moment is currently seeing the keep. It doesn't notice anyone in particular, it just sees a swarm of people trying to get inside, and it's circling around to try and do another dive attack. That's up to you, buddy. Okay, go for it, go ahead and take the shot. Go ahead and roll some damage on that. 4d12 for the hit on that, and then what's the save, to see if it can maintain height? All right-- (laughs) It rolled a four. It is plus 14 to its constitution saving throw, so it's 18. What's the DC on that? So it just makes the save. Proficiency bonus plus four. Six, which is 18, and it just makes the save. Just makes its save, but still does damage, go ahead and roll that. Okay, the second attack is reload, third attack. Another grit point to try and take it down, go for it. Roll for the attack. 25 hits. It rolled a three, that is 17. Terrible, terrible-- All right, so that will effectively reduce its speed, or its height, by what? It might. 20, nice. All right. 27 points of damage on the round. You can hold an action, you can't really hold movement. However, as the first bullet hits, you see it takes the hit in the wing, but it hits the muscle on the edge. As it goes into its glide to head down, you fire into the other wing, this time blowing a hole through the leather flap, and you can see it lose about 20 feet and is actually now skidding towards the roof of the keep. Okay, that ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Right here? All right. All right, got it. So you're holding your attack if you can. All right, cool. Keyleth. You are right here, because you were heading to the south wall when all this went down. This is the north direction this way. It came this way, swooped past, circled around, and now it's coming back from this direction. Under this tree or that tree? Here. Okay, so you're behind the tree. 80-foot radius? Okay. Okay, so heavily obscured. Heavily obscured will give everyone a 3/4 cover bonus-- Let me see what heavily obscured would actually do specifically, to be sure real fast, pardon me. It's when you're blocked by something, it gives you a bonus to-- All right. It blocks vision entirely, creatures suffer from the blinded condition. So everyone in the entire Keep is now blinded. So it's above you guys, is what you're saying? The cloud now is-- encompasses this whole area here. Which means the only people that are affected by it are the people at the top of this tower right now. Got it. Was that your turn? Your movement? Cool, stay there? Right, you moved there. Are you done with your turn? Okay. So now it is the white dragon's turn. The white dragon, as it comes down, you don't see it anymore because the fog cloud obscures it, but you suddenly hear the sound of a heavy object slamming into stone, and the cracking and breaking of stone against the surface, as the dragon has now, due to the fall of height, slammed into the top of the Keep and is tearing its underside against the roof. Who knows the state that the roof of the Keep is going to be in right now, but because of that, I'm going to ahead and-- Well, he was the overseer. He actually had somebody else build the actual thing by hand. So it suffers 14 points of damage-- Yeah. It's dragonhide, man. Yeah. That was a dream, unfortunately. However, it does somewhat emerge-- you can see its form somewhat as it comes down in this direction, ending its movement here. It's just the fog cloud. As it slams into the keep and tumbles off the top of it and catches itself in the air (wingbeats). It is currently 20 feet above you guys. For its turn, it is going to pick a random direction to try and blast its cold breath at. So let me go ahead and roll the direction on this. Yeah, it can't see right now. Currently it's obscured. Oh, hold on! But it has blindsight 60 feet, so it has no effect on him, unfortunately. So as it stops in the air, it still manages to use its sense of smell and the general atmospheric ability to sense what's around it. It seem to move its head and search-- You can. Now, what's the range on your daggers? 30, 40, 50, 60-- it's just at the cusp. Like just barely cusp, but yeah, you can get your attack. Yes, you're essentially interrupting his attack because the moment he came into range-- It's not a automatic crit, it's not surprised. No, it know you guys are there. A surprise generally means that it has absolutely no idea that you are there or there's any sort of threat from you. 24 hits. Both hit. Ooh, nice. Ten, all right. 57 points of damage, that's-- Is that straight-up dice rolls? That's crazy. Right, so it's a d6 or 7d6. It's not doubled, though. 32, there you go, I was like, that's really high for a non-crit. So 42 points of damage. Still not shabby by any means. Gotcha, as you chuck both daggers in the direction where you can see as it's now at the very bottom of the fog cloud. You have enough visual to strike towards it without missing and both daggers sink into the bottom of the creature. One of them you know was a nice, impactful wounding for any other creature, but it doesn't seem to have taken much issue with the impact of the blade. Appear at your side again. That ends your reaction. Now Vorugal is going to go. Looking at the area of most density-- Ah, you will know that shortly. The white dragon. The white dragon rears up in the fog cloud and dips down a little bit, (exhales) outside of the fog cloud, hitting everyone in this vicinity here. That's going to be Grog, Trinket, and everyone here over. I would like all of you to make a constitution saving throw. Well, I'm not going to roll that many dice, I'm going to use my dice roller. I don't have enough d6s, it's 16d6. Or sorry, 16d8, my apologies. All right, so that comes to-- Grog, what's your-- 25, that's a success. What's Trinket's? 15? All right, that is 63 points of cold damage to Trinket. All right. Trinket actually freezes in place. Now you can see the armor itself has about an inch-thick layer of ice as currently the eyes go dull as unconsciousness takes the bear, but unable to show or reveal that. Grog, you take half that, so you are at-- you take 32 points of cold damage. Let me roll some saves here. Average saves-- Okay, so these four here survive, the rest of these are all entirely wiped out. And you can see now, the people that were rushing in are now rushing away from the keep. The rest are getting the fuck out of Dodge. So yeah, that's going to be the end of the white dragon's turn. That brings us to Vex. You're up in the fog cloud right now, so you have no visual range on the creature. You hear all these screams and hear the blast. No, unfortunately, the fog cloud is just high enough where it covers this area for you guys. However, you could jump off if you wanted to, make an acrobatics roll and then maybe do your attack afterwards. If you wanted to try that, your call. No, the fog cloud is elevated up here. It starts here and then goes upward. Keyleth created it in the air. You guys are at the base of it right now. Yes, if you want to. You can't see him right now, unfortunately. So you jump. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. As you leap off the highest part of the wall of your Keep, all of a sudden the fog dissipates and you see the ground rushing up towards you. 14. You manage to catch yourself. You aren't knocked prone, but you do suffer five points of damage from the fall. But you catch yourself (grunts), get up, and now you can see at the very, very base of the fog cloud, the head peeking though and the wings occasionally (wingbeats) from out underneath, and you have visual on the dragon. You already used the Sky Sentinel if I recall against the green dragon, didn't you? Was it the worm? Okay. It currently does not have-- You haven't tried to stealth, so technically yes. As soon as you jumped off and land, and hurt yourself and your ankle, you look up and it sees you. 25 hits. Both hit. 16 misses. Okay. So as you land, you get up, pull out your arrow, and as you pull back and release it, you can see it bursts into arcane energy and splits into three different arrows, two slamming into the fog cloud and hitting the sides of the dragon, and it's knocked around for a second. It looks around and its eyes peer at you-- You did the additional Hunter's Mark damage on it, right? Cool. You see now it's looking around, choosing what its next round is going to be about, and you seem like a tasty morsel, though not entirely drawn to its attention at the moment. You still have a little bit of movement if you wanted to move. Inside of-- Yeah, I'd say you could. We'll say you're inside right now. You hide inside the best you can to keep out of view. Okay. That ends your turn? All right, so, at that point now, your guards over here don't have-- they can't see at all, but they saw you jump off the side. Kendrick is going to go ahead and take the ladder down, and it's going to be his movement to land there. They're both going to jump and make your-- using your example. Cordell, not bad, and Shayne-- actually, both rolled pretty well. Both managed to prevent any fall damage, catching themselves on the ground with their heavy crossbows ready. They rush up and fire both at the dragon. Five and a one, god damn-- That hits, and a 19. All right, so Cordell and Shayne both manage to get one shot that hits the dragon on both sides. So both bolts hit, so that's seven damage and ten damage, so 17 damage total from them, as they fire the heavy crossbow, try and reload it and get off a second shot. That ends their turn, now. That brings us to Grog's turn. Okay. Okay. About an inch, inch and a half of ice, and the rest of the entities, all the rest of the people that died, they all got frozen in place and some of them shattered in the impact and there's chunks of them frozen on the ground. You have no idea. Over time, yeah. You'll have to drink a lot beforehand and wait a little while, jog in place. What you got, Grog? Okay, so this side there. Go ahead and make a strength check. Because you are raging, you have advantage on strength checks. 18, okay. You did suffer damage this turn, but you started raging this turn, so if you don't suffer damage until the beginning of next turn, your rage ends and you'll have to rage again. Just a heads up. But with that roll, though, you managed to push him, we'll say 15 feet that direction. (grunts) Pushing a giant frozen bear and he's sliding against the grass in the front of the courtyard. Sweat's beginning to pop on your brow as your teeth are gritted, and looking over your shoulder, you can still hear the snapping and the-- The air itself of the entire courtyard has dropped about 20 degrees, and you can begin to see your breath in the vicinity of this creature. That ends your turn, Grog? Scanlan now steps out from the inside of the Keep, because Sam is texting me what he wants to do. He rushes out at this point. Seeing all of this from the inside, he whips out his Wand of Fireballs and aims it up at the bottom of the dragon that is now visible underneath. As you see now, the edge of the wand flickers red for a second, before a little bead of light streaks forward and (explosion) detonates beneath it. The dragon would fail its saving throw, but it's going to use its Legendary Resistance once to auto-save, so it takes half damage. He is going to use-- What did he tell me, how many slots he wanted to do? Okay, so he's going to use three of its charges to do this one, that will put it at-- 36 damage halved from him, so that still puts it at 17 points of fire damage to it, not too shabby. As it blasts out from the opposite side of it through the bottom of the cloud, keeping everyone else outside of the collateral damage radius of the Fireball because of its height, so that's good. Scanlan then, realizing the circumstances, uses the rest of his movement to get back into the very corner of the Keep and defend himself against the wall. That's going to end Scanlan's turn. Pike, you're up. Okay. So you move over to Trinket. All right, go ahead and cast Cure Wounds. 4th-level, okay. 4d8 plus five. 30. Trinket heals up-- As Pike reaches out, grasping her symbol in one hand, a look of desperation in her face, her hand goes out and touches the ice and as her hand touches, her fingers melt through through the ice with divine energy in her fingertips, and manages to touch Trinket's fur beneath. As the divine energy filters through her body, Trinket's form glows from the inside and the ice begins to crack before it all shatters off of Trinket's body and Trinket catches himself (bear grunts) and shakes off what little bit of remaining ice and moisture is on the coat. Okay. Trinket goes (bear noises) Trinket nudges you and licks your face before looking up and growling very angrily at the dragon. That is an angry bear, and those who have seen the movie know how scary an angry bear is. Great. Pike, you still have a little bit of movement, if you want to move. You have like 15 more feet, if you wanted to use that, your call. You can start moving towards the tree or the front of the keep, tree is closer but currently has two other people hiding there. All right, you move over here and use Grog as cover, we'll say, and leap over there. Classic Pike-Grog technique. (laughter) Are you going to leap or climb down? All right, and roll. 29, success and managed to avoid one of your guards who was right below you. You weren't aware and managed to dodge off to the side this way and use the edge of the wall to kick off to change the trajectory, as you land, carrying Bad News in one hand, three-point landing in the other. Yep. Just making sure it doesn't damage itself. Okay. So as you focus and look up, you can see now some of the fog cloud that surrounds it congeals into a darker color and clings to the dragon's form as it is now Hexed by you. Is seems that as long as the shadow entity has been within you, though it is no longer bound to your weapon and yourself, it did leave some dark scars on your soul. Are you choosing dexterity? Because you choose which one of the-- Constitution, all right. So I'll put that down. I'm not sure that's how it works here. Someone will yell it later. On ability checks, yes. Good to know. Even further? Because saving throws are-- I don't-- I don't believe saves are ability checks, unfortunately, so that wouldn't affect that. Yeah, it is its own circumstance. Okay. Advantage on the shot. Go for it. You cannot overlap the shots. No, only one shot effect on an attack at a time, sorry. 25 hits. And add your 1d6 damage as well. Nice. 21 damage total. There's a little space there, I mean. Yeah. Of healing, you mean? That is-- Not so much. Second level, greater healing is 4d4 plus four. You got it. All right, cool. That ends Percy's turn, Vax, you're up. That's the old Pathfinder rules. No. Haste lasts for a minute, you get to use the spell on you once. Yeah. In this ruleset, it's a little too much. Over this way? If you dash, yeah. Yeah, you can get over there, behind that way. As you throw it, the arc just misses the bottom, what's the maximum range on the dagger, right? You could, yeah. Yeah, because right now, it's at 60 feet away, but it's at an upward angle from you, which adds a little more distance, your dagger would miss it at this range, and you would know that. Cool. All right, did you roll stealth? 31. Good, good, good-- Okay, that ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. So, where are you conjuring it? Yeah. Okay. All right, so as the eagle goes up. Do you have stats for the eagle? You've got to roll for damage on that. Which spell is this? Conjure-- Conjure Woodland Beings. 4th-level spell, thank you. All right, great. I have to roll initiative for it separately as part of the spell. It rolled a 20. All right, so I'll say given that case I'll let it go ahead and go immediately, but next turn it starts at 20. That is pretty close to what you got. 21? Hits! Actually. (cheering) It's close to barely hitting him. 14 points of damage. As the eagle starts clawing at it, you can see the dragon rears back, unexpected to see the sudden giant eagle appear out of the middle of the air and go clawing at its face. You can see it rears back as it does so, moving its head out of the way. Gets a couple of scratches in, but still an ancient dragon. It's more spooked than really hurting from the impact, but it caught it off guard. All right, that's your turn? Now it is the white dragon's turn. Let's see if its breath weapon returns. Nope, it rolled a one. So instead, it's going to ignore the eagle. As instead it lands right about there. It lands (impact). As it impacts, the whole ground shakes around you. As you were pushing Trinket, you look over your shoulders, the shadow encompasses the area, and as you look over, you see it land with a heavy impact. Giant frozen gnashing teeth as mist emanates from the side of its jaws. It's going to use its multiattack, including its Frightful Presence. I need everybody, everybody to roll a wisdom saving throw. Yep. As it rears back and gives off a horrible roar that shakes the stones of the actual keep. Okay. Oh, Scanlan rolled a 19. Okay, go for it. Okay, everyone who rolled an 18 or lower, it shakes you to your core. You suddenly really realize what you are dealing with here and the fear causes you to fight with the fight or flight impulse in your body. You are considered frightened. Yeah, you're still raging so it doesn't affect you. Nope. Okay. While you are frightened, you have disadvantage on ability checks and attack rolls while it's in your line of sight. And you cannot move closer to it willingly. You can only move away from it. Ability checks. While you can see it. You're so scared of this thing. Lower level, but helpful. It's going to make a bite attack against Pike and two claw attacks against Grog, who are right there. So Pike, you look up as its jaws come down at you from above. That's a natural 20. Against you, Grog, two claw attacks, that is 23. And 22. Okay, so against you, Grog, you take-- The bite was against Pike. Two claws against you. So Grog, you take 15 points of slashing damage, reduced to half because you are raging. So, eight. And the other claw, that's a little higher, that is going to be 18 points of slashing damage. So down to nine. The critical bite. 20, but it rolled a critical hit. So that's-- So 17 times two. 34 plus eight. 42 points of piercing damage. However, you then also suffer, as the freezing jaws clench around you and the cold surrounds you, you suffer an additional, that was 42 right? Nah. Nine plus-- 13 points of cold damage. So 55 points of damage total. Doing math here. That ends its turn. That brings us to Vex's turn. Yeah, so you can attack it but you can't move closer to it and have disadvantage on all your attacks. You repeat the saving throw at the end of each of your turns. Or it lasts for a minute. Okay, so go ahead and roll a stealth check. You have disadvantage on the stealth check, by the way. 23, gotcha. So it's just a straight roll. We'll take the 23, it's fine. Okay. You're inside and you know it's outside and you heard the roar and shaking and so you can peek around the corner but you cannot move out of the building. You can basically strafe to the side to get a look out as you want to, if you want to fire on it. Okay, go for it. So disadvantage on both your attacks. Trinket shrugged it off, Trinket is like, "Whatever, I got this." 22 hits. Yes, because you are technically hiding and it didn't roll high enough perception. All right, was that including the sneak attack d6? Nope, that misses. So the first one, you fire and it manages to hit the creature because it does not see you. It hits to the side of its neck and looks over. It goes-- Okay, behind the wall. You do reveal yourself as part of the strike, and it does see you duck inside and growls. Trinket is going to rush this way. It gets an attack of opportunity against Trinket. Well, no, it didn't grapple her, it just bit her and released. She managed to get her way out of its mouth. That's going to be a 26 to hit. All right, so Trinket takes 14 points of slashing damage. Oh, what! I see what you did. Does that end your turn? Do your saving throw, to see if you shrug off the frightened ability. It's wisdom-based, yeah. 19 is just what you need, you managed to shake off the fright from this. Seeing Trinket rush off, you're like, "Okay, I can do this." At the end of your turn, the white dragon is going to use-- It's going to go ahead and use two of its actions to do a wing attack. So every creature within 15 feet of it, as it's sitting there, beats its wings around it and kicks up all this cold wind and air that blasts out, threatening to knock you off your feet. This is going to affect Grog, Pike, and Shayne. So I need you guys to make a dexterity saving throw. Dexterity saving throw. Cool. So-- All right, so yeah. I'll see if Shayne-- Shayne does not make it with a two, so Shayne takes 15 points of bludgeoning damage and is knocked prone. As she is rushing up, she's dropped her heavy crossbow and she's pulling a weapon out, and she rushes up, yelling, her red hair blown back from the wind as it's beating towards her. She gets bludgeoned with the sheer force of the wind from under the wings and knocked flat on her back. At the end of that attack, it now gets to move half its movement and so it-- There we go, a fly speed of 80, it's going to move 40 feet. So that will put it at 20 up this way as it starts backing away. And it's going to move 20 feet in this direction. As it pulls away from you, yes you do. No, actually, neither of you-- no, Grog is the only that does, because Pike, you're too far away, and it has reach on its attacks, so it doesn't have to be right up against you to hit you. But you still have to be up against it to get an attack. That hits, yeah. 19 points of damage, got it. All right, and has to make its constitution save Not on saving throws. 24. Resist it? All right, cool. (laughs) So that ends Vex's turn, the guards now. Shayne will get up and she's now going to regret dropping her crossbow and go over and pick it up again; she's not going to have time to fire it. The other two, down here, are going to be-- Cordell is going to turn around and fire off a shot, as well as Kendrick. That's a natural one. That does hit, that does not, and that does not. One hit gets through, rolling ones like crap. That's five points of piercing damage, not great on that round, guards. Then they're going to start rushing towards the keep here, using the rest of their movement. Cordell is going to start moving to the side and start ushering everybody inside. "Go in, go in, go in." Shayne is going to move up next to you, Grog, and essentially begin to hold the flank with you. Shoulder to shoulder, she, as opposed to the crossbow at this point, and seeing the two of you can work together in this regard, she pulls out a broadsword. That's going to end the guards' turn, Grog, you're up. Pike is, yes. If Pike will allow it. Are you going to let Grog do that or are you going to fight him on it? You reach over and grab Pike, lift her up, and the two of you go bolting towards the keep. That'll get you right here in the crowd. 50 feet, but you're also having to push through people, so you're getting up, we'll say-- We'll say as you're pushing through here, you get up to the door. You guys are right up there with the full movement. There you go, that's your turn. The action was to pick her up. Okay. Scanlan, at the back, seeing you guys rushing in, and he's happy to see Pike coming into safety at this point. He pulls out his wand again and aims once more with the Fireball. Fire damage doesn't do anything additional to it. 29 damage, makes the save, so 15 points of fire damage to it as it blasts from underneath, singes the edge of one of the trees, but the white dragon appears to still be not really visibly hurting yet. Scanlan backs up into the keep, at this realization. At that point, nothing is right in range. So yeah, so the white dragon is not going to do anything. At this point in time-- You guys hear a voice come ringing out from the north side, towards where Emon is. A familiar voice that you've heard before that shouts out, "Enough! You are not to linger, follow the others." At which point, you see the white dragon glances over the shoulder, and you hear the voice again say, "Vorugal!" And a streak of smoke and red. The red dragon you saw that had perched itself in the center of the city grapples onto the back of Vorugal and throws the dragon off the edge of the wall. And goes tumbling to the south of the keep. Out from the perspective. Yeah, he's roughly double the size of the white dragon. No, you haven't heard the name of this one, until that point. Well, I mentioned it earlier. The red dragon you haven't heard the name of yet. Umbrasyl is the black dragon. Raishan was the green dragon. So as you hear the impact, you hear the dragon screeching out in anger and no one has any visual at this point, you just hear the sounds over the side. You hear it skid to a halt, but the red dragon is still flying and grabs it, throws it, makes it hit the ground, almost like a show of dominance. And as it arcs back around, it ignores the keep and heads back towards Emon. You see Vorugal now lifting back up into the sky, staring back at the red dragon as it heads back, and you can see in its general demeanor, it's frustrated and angry and it begrudgingly begins to fly towards the east, where you saw the other two dragons continue. As the red dragon returns towards the city, its voice is ringing out at a volume that, even at this distance, is being enhanced by some sort of arcane means, whether it means-- it wants to be heard. And as you can see now, as it hits over the far south walls of Emon, it shouts out once more, "Hear me, insects! You that live do so "out of mercy. Fight or flee and you forfeit that mercy. Know that your pitiful guardians brought "this upon you. That blood is on their hands! Vengeance has been swift, and in its wake, a new "age is upon you." Making its way towards the center of the city. "Be thankful, for until now "your lives had no purpose. No meaning. Abandon your gods, your paltry convictions, for now you "have a new purpose to serve me!" And with that, you hear the clattering impact once more of the Cloudtop District, as a half-dozen buildings collapse under its weight as it slams into the center of what probably still stood tall in the middle of the city of Emon. You hear the crumbling wreckage echoing in the distance as it slides to a halt. And a couple of distant slamming sounds as it makes its way into the central borough where the palace once was. Quiet now takes the air, as all the people are still standing frozen in fright of what they just saw, and slowly begin making their way into the keep, whispering, shaking, crying under their breaths, the survivors that are not frozen in the center of Greyskull Keep's courtyard. What do you want to do? That is entirely viable. You guys make you way out towards the people currently frozen in the courtyard-- What? Did you want to use Cure Wounds? Okay. You use what level? Two, all right. Currently, I'd say about 14 people are frozen in the courtyard. Six of them are partially shattered, like as part of the impact their bodies (shattering ice) and part of the torso busted, arms missing, upper body's missing. As you cast your 2nd-level Cure Wounds spell and reach out and touch the person to heal them, a crack forms where your hand touched the body and (shattering ice) before the upper part of their torso, head, and leg breaks into ice, and you get the feeling looking around that these individuals are beyond saving at this point. All right, so. You guys make your way inside the keep. People are looking about, some people are running through rooms trying to find a place to keep safe. You can see already in the armory there's like a family in there that are huddling, crouched in the corner. Some people have moved on towards the kitchen, people are shouting trying to see if anybody they lost eye contact with is inside, you hear a couple of people shouting names. "Shawn! Shawn!" "Kayla!" Different names being shouted as if they're hoping that someone they got separated from may have made it in. Couple do, a few seem to continue to shout fruitlessly. But the inside energy of the keep is one of tension, fear, and mounting sadness. You can, you told the people within the keep to go downstairs All right, so. You can. As you head downstairs too, you can see Jarett is still there, sitting with his crossbow on his lap, and he's been doing his last duty, which was to watch over your workshop. And as you come down the stairs, he goes, "What's going on, I heard noises upstairs, is everyone all right?" "May I be excused to aid Erwen in his duty?" "All right." He gets up and puts his crossbow away, heads upstairs, finds Erwen and Laina's still shaking, she goes, "If we're having guests, should I make food? I don't know what to "do, I don't know what to do." "Okay, I'll go ahead and start preparing it." Nobody is in the basement or workshop area. Everyone is seemingly scattered on the base floor of the keep. Okay. While this is happening, Pike, Keyleth, Vax, Vex, Scanlan, all of you guys begin helping the guards take beds out of your rooms and bring them downstairs into the main foyer area, basically turning this into a makeshift living space for refugees. Heading towards and moving them into the temple of Sarenrae, as you go into the temple of Sarenrae, you get a bit of a feel of the damage that was sustained from the impact of the dragon upon the top of the keep. A large portion of the stained glass on the roof and on the outside has been shattered from rocks and boulders that were-- chunks of the top of the keep that were knocked off, and looking up you can see the roof of the keep itself sustained a fair amount of damage. Not enough to really be a serious issue, but it is in a bit of disrepair visually. As you guys are taking the beds from the upstairs to the downstairs, you do notice that a portion of the roof has caved in on the second floor. The guest room has been ruined and the southmost room, which I'll have to check to see who's supposed to be living there, is partially collapsed inwards and you can see the ceiling-- the sky from underneath. There is a fair amount of damage to the top of the keep from the impact. Okay. All right, let me pull this up. What level is this? All right. Let's see here-- Mm-hm. Yeah, what would you like to do? Okay. So as you reach out, you feel Sarenrae's warmth come to you, wordless. Attempting to comfort, but even then there is a trepidation in Sarenrae who is, you gather yourself, still taking in the circumstances that have happened. You feel that warmth begin to coalesce into a specific form, and everyone who has come into the temple with you gasps aloud as over these central worship platforms in the center of the temple, a glowing orb begin to form that then slowly takes the form of a humanoid with wings, similar to the ones you've worn in your celestial form. As the light fades, you can see, levitating roughly a foot off the ground, a human. White eyes and pale blue skin, hairless with a simple breastplate that's silver with gold lining on it, a single sword sheathed on the side, and beautiful white angel wings sprouting from its back. The entity stands there and looks down towards you. "I have been sent to your aid. Are "you, Pike Trickfoot, to give me a task?" The voice itself seems otherworldly, and understanding the basis of the spell, you need a specific task in mind for it, and it is expensive to maintain in materials, the longer the task requires. "Lead me to a battle if you wish. I haven't much time on your plane. If you have a task that I "can complete at this moment." And you know that to maintain this spell cost about 100 gold per minute. Or 1,000 gold per hour depending on the-- Or 10,000 gold per day. Yeah, it depends on the task it required. It needs to be a little more specific than just "aid us in battle," because if there isn't a immediate battle happening, because the longer it's out, the more expensive it will be. You asked it to rebuild and it looks to you and says, "If you require my aid in rebuilding..." She looks with her head around the temple. "This I can help with quite a bit of haste, as it is within "the realm of our patron lady." "It will be done, within the hour." So you can mark off 1,000 gold worth of materials, and at this point, the Planar Ally's wings unfurl and begin to float up, and as it does it lift its hands and all the shattered stained glass begins to lift off the ground with it. And you watch as they all begin to reform. And begin to, through pure divine energy, rebuild the entirely of the temple around within a matter of minutes. While everyone else is looking in awe, you can begin to see around you, many people who had been shaken to the core of their being, who had lost all hope, even this visual representation of the power of Sarenrae and the faith you put into her, you can see people are now bowing in deep prayer at the center of the temple as it's being rebuilt. This has been a very impactful moment for the survivors you've taken under your wing. All right. Okay. There are injuries, many sustained from rubble falling or trying to get out as fast as possible, slamming themselves into ruins or fallen rock and flaming or whatever else happened. So you tend to the wounds, so you guys are helping out with those who are hurt. Percy and Grog, you find your way back up to the foyer. Okay. You do, you do. All right, sorry. Okay, all right, so. And once again reminding you, the skull itself, it's humanoid but it's elongated, it's not a human skull. Its jaw itself is-- you would say almost elvish, but the features are too sunken, the teeth are too long, and the skull itself is a little more oblong to the back. Yeah, you're unfamiliar what species or race this may have been when it was alive. I'm gonna go ahead and have you make an investigation check. As you start walking out, you turn and look at the door and take a moment to inspect it. I mean, Grog, doors are doors, you know how to deal with doors. This is a weird door. You don't know how this door works. Right, but he doesn't understand the mechanism of what-- Okay, right, as soon as you throw the velvet over, the door opens up. Okay, you go up and you see the two of them helping people along, making eye contact. You can see the drying tears across their faces as they are trying to stay strong for those that are currently in a less emotionally stable position right now. Okay. All right. Okay. I'm going ahead and say make a sleight of hand check and make a perception check. As you're walking away, you feel this strange pulse of tingling energy. Almost like a soft-- What? You feel this magical essence creep up on you. You are not familiar with it, but you feel like something just attached to you. You aren't entirely sure. Make a stealth check, Vex. You look about, and in the chaos of the people, you have no idea what the source of this weird tingling was. Okay. As you walk downstairs, you find your way to Percy's workshop, we're going to take a break. (cheering) All right, make this one quick guys, get back into it while we still have the tension in the story going. So we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. You good? It should be, I hope so. [break] All righty guys, welcome back. So before jumping in here real fast, we got a couple things. One, we have a winner for our next giveaway, for all you awesome subscribers out there. The winner is Blackshadow773! (cheering) We'll send you an awesome package with a bunch of goodies, Critical Role goodies, some signed stuff, some fun things coming your way, so that's fun. Also, I forgot to do it in the announcements earlier, but I have a couple of new music tracks and some things coming forward that I'll be able to incorporate into the game from awesome guys named Battlebards. They did a Kickstarter a while back to create RPG-specific music and sound effects and audio tracks and they were nice enough to give me some of their stuff to use in the show. So if you're running your own game and want some good music and soundscape stuff to work on, Battlebards' got some pretty cool stuff, so thank you guys. All righty, so. Returning as it was, Grog and Vax, you make your way down to the basement of Greyskull Keep. The door's still partially ajar as Grog left it. You enter the room-- Okay. You guys enter. Percy is there waiting, hands behind his back. There is the table on one of his workbench areas that has a piece of tapestry that you guys originally had wrapped the skull in, draped over it, it's currently not visible. Okay, and as you lift the fabric off, and you have a look at it as well, in this controlled environment, still facing you, the skull, which once again has the elongated form, the longer teeth and jaw, it has the one gem that's embedded in the eye socket, and you can see there's a little bit of almost like a spectral swirl to it, like there's something fluid in the actual gem itself. There's a slight pause before you can see the gem, the swirl coalesces into what looks like a spectral face. You can make out what looks to be eyes, a mouth and a nose. Though the nose itself is less of a pronounced human nose and-- Okay. But you see where the nose is, instead there are two nasal passages. And you hear a voice slowly creak out from it and say, "All that I require is for you to destroy this prison. Free my "spirit from generations of torment, that is all I ask." "It's been too long, too long have I been here, I do not know who I am." The blanket covers the skull. Okay. Yeah, yeah. It looks like there's the dark spot on the table, and as you reach your hand out, it's just a solid table. And as you reach your hand past that into the shadow, because I assume that this is the-- Yeah, currently it looks like literally where the cloth and skull once were, there is a dark spot and shadow. Nope. Unlocked, Vex walks in. Okay. You do, you see him scoot go over to the table and move something behind his back. You don't know. You head up to the main foyer area where the stairs come up through the armory and lead into to the main hallway that bisects the center of the main floor, just as Keyleth and Pike are coming out of the temple after being summoned. Right now it's just you, Percy, and Vex. Okay. Grog walks over and closes the door. You guys aren't there yet. This hasn't happened yet, you guys are still walking down the stairs. Sure. Okay, I rolled it for both of them. Was one of those a natural 20? Right, 27 and 23, okay, good. Looking at them both, they're still very guarded and you are unable to really-- Yeah. I mean, it doesn't absolve any of your suspicion by any means, but they're both locked in this intense stare-off and you in the center of it as you dart back and forth to try and see any give, any twitch, anything that would possibly show an ounce of what is going on in their heads. It's the best poker faces you've seen on either of them in a while. You guys are now getting to the door. You guys can hear shouting from the other side, but it's too thick. Yeah, it's unlocked, and you open the door and it stops as if there's a door stop directly behind it. You feel the door slamming you in the back, Grog. You can try to, but Grog, you hold the door shut? The door's not moving. There's just enough of a gap where you could probably get an arm through. Pike, what are you doing? Try to. Pike, make a strength check. You can try, yeah. All right, so. Hold Person does it require-- All right. So, looking at Hold Person here, hold on just a second. It has to be a humanoid you can see within range. So you couldn't even Hold Person through the door. Scanlan goes, "I'm trying to help some folks, but if you insist, all right." Okay. You are holding onto it, and it's wrapped in the tapestry that you guys threw over it originally, but you can feel it in your hands, and it's not terribly heavy, it has some heft to it, and just having it there, you're already getting pins and needles on the back of your neck. No, no. So, Pike, what are you doing? Okay. Make a strength check. Grog, make a strength check. The door lurches, but you hold it solidly in place. You can feel-- As you look down at the skull, which you guys still can't get through because Grog's holding the door, and you don't have a visual in there because he's holding it pretty close to completely shut. As you look down, you can see now in the gem, formulating in the middle of it, this swirl of a face that comes right up to the front. You can see in the midst of its coloration these energy-based eyes and grin, a toothy grin that goes, "I wish to be freed. That is all. I've "been here far too long. I grow tired. I want to finally pass." You hear a chuckle. "No. Vecna has been long gone. I am not a being of such power." Sure, make a insight check. 15, you don't. Okay. 21, thank you. 22, okay, that's way higher. You take a look at it, but due to the fact that it's mostly hidden, there aren't facial tics and there aren't normal gives to what a person's intent is, and even the tone of voice itself is spectral, ominous and otherworldly. You have a hard time being able to read whether or not it's being honest or lying or anything in between. Scanlan is now behind the door on the other side, and he enters the room with you guys and is like, "What's going on, everything cool?" No, he's with you guys. Initiative rolls from both of you guys. Just a moment. I'll say roll with disadvantage, because it catches you entirely off-guard. Okay, and you had a--? 14, okay. All right, so, you see Grog lower his head and then go for a burst run across the length of the workshop towards Vex. You instinctually go quick draw, what are you doing? Yeah, it's not a big room. Okay. So, as you dart, Percy is waiting for someone to also dart, and both of you go rushing across the room. Percy manages to get there a fraction of a second before you do. You hear the blast of his pistol past your ear, and the ringing hits the center of your head, but you still continue pushing forward in the way that Grog does, ignoring all outside interference. However, you've gotten to the skull first. Are you going to attempt to wrestle it from her? She's pretty grappled to it. Okay, opposed strength checks from both of you. Yeah, make a strength check. Right, so, he reaches over and grabs the skull in your arm and pulls you-- Right, she-- but you haven't pulled it from her grip, you pull her out of the way. Shoves you to the side. You go rushing forward, and as you get there, she is pulled to the side, she is still right there in front of you, but the bum rush didn't get you there before anybody could react. So now it's your turn. Yeah. Wait, you rolled a 13? Oh, never mind, Grog goes next. Grog, so you rush up and you can now see Percy, pistol out, hand on the side of Vex, off the side of her arm. She's holding the skull there and they're both looking at you expectantly. What are you doing to do? You what? Tackle him, okay, all right. So, let's get some proper rumble music for this. Okay, so you use the momentum of the rush and you see him do this, you turn out of the way and go for a shoulder shove. I want you to go ahead and make an attack roll. Actually, make an athletics roll versus your acrobatics. 14, I need you to go ahead and make a strength saving throw. 21. You slam into him and you essentially shove him with the shoulder. You manage to knock him prone, but the skull doesn't come loose, he loses his grip on it, and currently Vex is still holding it front of you. You're prone on the ground. Anything else you want to try and accomplish? Okay. So you go and plant a protective position in front of her? It's now your turn. Grog, who rushes over and shoulder slams Percy out of the way, and he's fallen to the ground. His gun almost scatters to the floor of the workshop around you. As you're expecting, he turns towards you, instead he steps and his giant frame is now blocking you with the shoulder blades in front, his arms out in a defensive position, facing off with people as they begin to enter the room. What are you going to do? At this point now, the door's burst open, and the rest of you guys rush in and you can see Percy just as he hits the ground. You can see Grog recovering from the shoulder slam, who then steps in front of Vex with this snarl on his face and begins shouting to her over his shoulder, and you hear them talking across the room. Okay. Tools go falling off the wall and clattering to the stone floor of the establishment. All of you who have hair have it blown and wrapped around you. You are pushed back about three inches from the burst of it, and all of you, immediately, your attention goes to Keyleth who stands there with her staff. It's not dusty, it's covered in layers of soot that have now been kicked up, and the air itself is a temporary fume. She does that. Pike, what are you doing? Yeah, go for it. What are you trying to know? Okay. If you would like to relay any information, she peered pretty well into your demeanor. So you gather that he's coming from a place that a simple mind is looking for a simple solution to a complex problem. (laughter) I'm saying that's the best way she can discern your demeanor right now. Pike, anything else you want to do right now? We have to continue this. Craven Edge is currently sheathed on his back, away from you. So you can attempt to, if you want to. Pike, hands out to you and looking you earnestly in the face. We are about to get back to the top of the round. So you do what you're doing, okay. Percy. Not off the table, the wind gust knocked off a lot of these things on the ground. Small pile of tools next to you. So you grab the poker. Okay. So now, Percy, you've squared off into a corner, there's Vex in the other corner, Grog's standing in between the two with the back against Vex. The three of you are right there at the front. Pike has stepped up to Grog now and is beseeching him. That's Percy. Grog, you're up. Okay. Go ahead and make a strength check against her. All right. As Grog turns around and gives you almost an apologetic look, his face steels over with intensity as, lightning-fast, his muscular arms rush out in front, grasp the skull. Like tearing a toy from a child's grasp, it is removed from you with barely any sort of resistance. Not yet. So Grog, that's your action. You grab and you have now the skull. You left her with the tapestry, like you have just the bare skull in front of you. You have a bonus action, so depends on what you're trying to accomplish. You can, yeah, I'd say yeah. I'd say this would be your movement and bonus, I'll let you do that, the whole thing together. Okay. Go ahead and make a strength check. A natural one? As you reach up, at the apex of your throw you look down and-- Your eyes catch Pike, and during that brief moment of slow-motion as you reach up, you see her face, this look of complete, heartbreaking disappointment. Just like that. It shakes you in a way that you didn't expect, and as you go through the motion you already anticipated, and your brain's already wandered in doing so. You slam it half-heartedly and it bounces and skids across the ground, over by where Keyleth is. All right, so. It's not your turn, it's the end of your turn. As it goes rolling, you run and dodge, go ahead and make an acrobatics check. 23, all right. You jump out of the way, tumble, roll, and scoop up it in your arms once more, and you have it. You have to get to your turn. Is that all you're going to do? I'd say, yeah. With the tumble and everything, you have just enough movement to get out of the room. So Vex goes darting out of the workshop, just past the door, leaving the room. That brings us now to-- Okay. To? Against? I'd say she just got out of the room, you would have visual on her as she's leaving the room, yeah. Yeah, Vax is standing in front of her, you have visual on both, technically. All right, I need a wisdom saving throw from all three of you. Boom, Percy? 15, that's a failure. So Percy, your muscles tense up, and as you're holding your poker, you find yourself unable to move. Grog, you feel and look over and see Keyleth as she looks towards you with intensity, and you feel a similar tremor across your head, but you shrug it off. Yeah, it's weird. Vex, you as well, you glance over your shoulder as you hear Keyleth muttering under her breath, and you can feel that familiar sensation of the magical attempt to grasp your mind. Your half-elven self makes it even easier to shrug off, and you continue darting forth the direction you are with your brother behind you. So you're protecting her? Correct. I haven't got to your turn yet, though. So, does that end your turn? Do you want to move? If you want to, yeah Pike, it's your turn. Pike, it's your turn. At this point, as you guys are having this conversation, and you guys are darting out, Vex, you stop, as coming down the stairs from the main floor is Erwen. Frazzled, but still put together as well as he can. "I'm sorry, Lady Vex'ahlia, it appears you have a few guests, suddenly." "She's been here before. I don't recognize the other; in the dining area." "Blonde hair." "Dwarven individual." "Very well, I'll--" "Yes, yes." And he turns around and hustles up the stairs. At this point now, at the top of the stairway, two individuals come walking down. First and foremost, you see a dwarven male with short black hair and a beard, trimmed fairly fine, red leathers, carrying some sort of crooked wand on the side. Behind him you see, hair tossed back as she rushes down after him, Arcanist Allura Vysoren. Okay. She looks about curiously and the dwarf goes, "Okay, what have we stepped into here?" And Allura puts her hand on his shoulder and goes, "Don't worry. I apologize for my "intrusion. I had a-- is everything all right?" "Certainly. Sorry, this is a long-time friend of mine, Elementalist Drake Thunderbrand. "If you don't mind him accompanying us as well?" "Oh, he's one of the finest." "I've put my life in his hands a number of times, yes." "Yes, yes." And as you guys are having this standoff, you watch as this black-haired, red-leathered dwarf walks in, looking around and inspecting intently. You don't recognize him, you've never seen him before No weapons on him. You see him clutching this gnarled, curved wand that almost spirals, like a piece of well-treated but messed up wood. Maybe. And Allura rushes in, muttering under her breath, "I was just in Whitestone and I had a "terrible feeling come over me and all my teleportation sigils within the city were suddenly "severed. Both my tower and the Lyceum. I had to manually teleport us here as it was the only place "I really had enough familiarity with far enough away from the city in case something bad had "happened, I hope you don't mind." And her face goes white, the blood runs from her entire complexion, and you can see the dwarf that initially was huffed up and intense in his energy, while not fully understanding what's going on, looks over to Allura and softens and walks up and puts his hand on her shoulder. "You okay, lass?" "He threatened it--" "-- for weeks-- what?" "This cannot be." "This cannot be." And you see, she is still lost in thought and there's something in her mind that's distracting her immensely, but she eventually clarifies and her eyes focus on you once more and she goes, "Of course, please." She looks at it and leans forward and begins muttering something beneath her breath, and she goes into technical mode, like she distracts herself with work at this moment. And as her brow furrows, she mutters under her breath and completes some sort of flash of arcane energy, and you can see the flash of energy attaches around the skull for a second and glints back at her, and she goes, "Right, all right, that's-- That skull is not human, that skull is Githyanki. That is a "species that exists primarily on the Astral Plane. They're rowdy, evil, pirating, marauding "individuals, and that's one sense. The gem within that skull appears to be a soul gem and contains "the soul of, from what I can gather, a Githyanki individual. Very old. I can say at least from my "knowledge and learned opinion that no good can come from such an artifact." "It's hard to say. It would take a very powerful individual to do so, however, I would say "that wishes granted by entities that do not correspond with your moral outlook for the most "part rarely end up in your favor, even when carefully worded." "There have been powerful individuals, who upon obtaining the ability to make such a wish, "even as careful as they were, they reached beyond the means of its magic, and doing so, undid "themselves. It's a very, very powerful, very dangerous magic, and if this entity is indeed "even capable of doing so, who's to say the chances that it wouldn't wreak more havoc than you "intended?" "Yes, yes." And at this point, she looks around for a chair. You can see her hands are shaking, and she goes and grabs a chair and pulls it up and sits down for a second, puts her hands on her knees, and quietly, "Describe to me these dragons." As you go through each color, she nods, but when you say the big red, her body freezes. "The names, you said?" At this point she nods and goes, "I know not the middle two, but Vorugal has been known to "wander the wastes north in Othanzia. Some of the offspring have wandered further, in fact I believe "the Skysunder that you destroyed naught but two years ago that was sealed in the Frostweald was one "of its brethren. Its children. But Vorugal has not been seen wandering this far out. Chromatics do "not work together, they are selfish and greedy and territorial." "This red you say is the leader?" Now for the first time, you have known Allura for quite some time, she's been a very stoic, strong, confident, and powerful person. At this moment, she has withered. She looks genuinely like she's hit a level of fear you have never seen in an individual like this, and it shakes you to see this upon her face, and she puts her hand up and says, "This is not your fault. This burden is mine." And looks over to the dwarf and says, "It is ours." And the dwarf, you can now see, he's nodding in understanding. "This dragon... it's been called many names, but the one that it's "taken is Thordak, The Cinder King." "Thordak. This terrible beast lorded over half of Marquet for centuries, taking the scalding "sands as its domain and its denizens as cattle, and just as the city of Ank'harel was becoming the "jewel of the desert, Thordak struck. A battle, however, that it was unable to win. Sent away, "mortally wounded, it was thought that the dragon had died soon after, having not been seen for many "centuries since. That is, until about 15 years ago. The rumors of a powerful drake, storming the "beaches and seas, had been whispered for a long time, while ships would be lost at sea. It had "survived and secretly ruled the island of Viscan in the south of the Lucidian Ocean. I suppose "after generations, the dragon, now self-crowned as the Cinder King, grew greedier with the island's "limited resources and began razing the Mournset countryside south of the Verdant Expanse and the "Stormcrest Mountains." And her eyes get even more distant as she is recalling all this. "Reports of "a dragon more massive than the records can compare hit Tal'Dorei. At the time, I wasn't part of the "council. I traveled with a group of adventurers much like yourselves Kima, Drake here, and a "handful of other brave souls who are no longer with us. We traveled to investigate, but arrived "to find this creature destroying everything surrounding the Glade Pools. Port Udall, gone, "Byroden a smoldering ruin, and we gathered a small army of mercenaries and hunted it back to its new "den in the Stormcrest, where a large number of lizardfolk had formed around him. But we were "overpowered by the sheer might of the dragon. Many lives were lost. Knowing that we could not kill "it, we turned to other means. I called upon the Arcana Pansophical, a circle of friends, arcane "practitioners that agreed to work together across the land to keep them safe. They devised a trap, "one that could, we believed, permanently seal Thordak within the elemental plane of fire, "preventing him from ever returning to our world. At the sacrifice of many, including our "companions Sirus, Dohla, Ghenn, we succeeded." And as the tears begin to roll down her face, she looks around. "For naught now, it seems, and somehow he has broken our invocation. We bound his "essence to the fountains of creation and thought he would stay there forever." And she goes quiet and looks around for a second. "I'm sorry." "I'm so sorry." "To bind him, we created an artifact called a soul anchor. It was crafted from the salvaged "heart crystal of a primordial fire titan. The anchor could not be removed from the plane, and "the Cinder King could not leave without it. I don't know how he's managed to escaped the binding "of this." "That would have no bearing on this. The heart crystal is immense. 15, 20 feet in diameter, "it's a gem of pure crystallized ruby and elemental power and energy. Lest you managed to find this "and destroy it, which, I mean no offence, is far beyond your capability." "Depends on where he made his way through. The timing is rather conspicuous, seeing as how "Winter's Crest recently passed, in which time the planes are the thinnest barricades." "Whatever it is, I fear that our ruse will not work twice, especially if Thordak has had all "this time to obsess over his failure. I do not know our next course of action." "He's been gone for some time." "I think it was discussed that he had been killed during the demonic intrusion in the city, "or deserted." "Chromatics are selfish beings, they do not care for each other, and the power of one is "enough, but a conclave of dragons is both extraordinary and horrifying, but there is no-- "There is no sense of vengeance for their kin unless it is against the greater plan. Now, if "what you say is true and these other dragons are bound together in the service of Thordak, I "imagine they would be the ones who had the power and the resources to find some way to bring him through." At which point, the dwarf steps up and still has his hand rubbing Allura's shoulder and says, "We knew not what we were doing, other than trying to save it, don't blame yourself." "Yes." "One of many. I believe the guardians--" Allura looks at you dead-on and says, "The only guardians that Thordak would know of would be "the ones that sent him away to that plane 15 years ago. This is my fault." "When was this? Was this--" "It's been over a year at least. Well, if it's taken them that long at least to free Thordak, it "means that this was probably in the works for quite some time. If we do share this responsibility, I "assure you it weighs heavier on me than it does you. But right now we need all the allies we can "gather. Now, you say Thordak is where right now?" "Within the city?" It's for a six-mile radius, was it? On the edge of your senses, you close your eyes and focus and extend your ability to feel the landscape around you. Indeed, The Cinder King still sits in the center of the city. "What of the others?" Nope. "Where's the rest? Where's the council? Who do we know survived?" "We need to take stock of who we can consider friends that are still around. We need "all allies right now. That should be our first order of business, if anything." And her face drops again. "I just lost my connection with Westruun." "This isn't an annihilation, if this was an extermination there wouldn't be any survivors, you "wouldn't be here. The fact that they've only taken what they can of the city-- what use is a city "to a dragon if it doesn't have worshippers? They're vain beings." "Resources, their gold, their people." "Yes." "What good is a creature that sees itself as superior if there aren't those around it to tell "them as such and confirm the belief, and if anyone refuses to bend to their will through fear and "power. That is the nature of the chromatic dragons." "Perhaps, but for now, the fact that he's even shouted mercy at this time as opposed to "completely destroying everything in his wake, means that vanity can be used to our advantage. I "don't know how soon, but that's something. Now--" "Yes, yes, the best I can, yes." Okay. All right, at this point she pulls out her crystal ball from a little tiny satchel, which is in itself a smaller Bag of Holding. Pulls out a small mirror, takes some water and pours it on the mirror, places the sphere above it, and it floats for a second. And there's a makeshift scrying ritual site here before you. You guys take about ten minutes to concentrate, and if you guys want to do anything in that ten-minute period, you're welcome to, or if you just want to watch and wait, you can. Okay. The spell completes. Yeah, you guys can begin to take a short rest, if you want to heal up. So you take Allura's hand and you put your focus into the crystal sphere, your vision lifts out of the keep with extreme speed. You find your visual surroundings thrust across the Ozmit Sea. You find yourself swooping across the shores of Othanzia, over the forests, eventually coming upon the blackened clouds that perpetually hang above the charred mountain range that contains the home of the Fire Ashari and the entrance to the elemental plane of fire. Your vision crests the mountain and steps into the valley of broken, blackened shale to the ever-burning forest. As you come upon it, you recall where the Fire Ashari village was and where you were greeted before and given your trials. Where there is now nothing but sundered, broken wood, tents, destroyed bodies burned and charred and curled up in horrible ever-gasping pain. The forest itself is flattened from the inside out, like a blast from the center of it just exploded outward, the trees all bent and snapped at the base, and in the center, where there once was that small pool of molten lava that you created the portal through and stepped into the elemental plane, there is a large, ominous, flickering gash between the planes that is roughly 30 to 40 feet in width and height that is pulsing as fire and magma pours out of it. You can see wandering imps and elementals and various entities slowly peeking out and escaping and wandering throughout the mountain tops. From what you can see, there are no signs of any survivors. Allura at this point, who pulls out of the ritual, reaches out and grabs you by the shoulders. And she looks you in the eyes, and for a moment you feel like her normally warm and embracing face has gone cold and intense and her voice seems to echo with an undercurrent of arcane focus and volume. She goes-- "Keyleth, you failed no one, this is not your doing. This burden is ours as a people to "hold, do not let this wash over you or he wins. This is their making, this is not yours. These "creatures are evil incarnate, and it is our job, our true calling to end what they have done. Do "not let this crush you, you are stronger than that. Pull yourself together. Your people, those "that remain, they stand behind you." "But you can be and you will be. Do you trust me? Do you trust me?" "Good." Her grasp releases. "And mine, and all of ours. There are many secrets in these lands. I'm a firm believer that "there's always a way to victory, if we are smart about it and if we're quick about it. Now, I think "we should look for survivors. Gather those we know that can rally to our cause, in Emon and beyond. "What say you?" "I would recommend against it." "Very well, let us prepare for the fall of the Chroma Conclave. Together." And that's where we'll end our session for tonight. Hey guys, D&D's fun! (laughter) So yeah. Aww. I know we tried, we try and mostly fail, but occasionally we get it right. So, I mean, I'd say I'm sorry for the emotional rollercoaster, but no. Well. Welcome to the new story arc. Yeah. Oh man. It was fun. I set a time for myself when she's gonna arrive, and I was like, "Oh man, "what's going to happen before she gets there?" I was like, as you guys kept delaying it, they might actually-- she might actually catch them in time. You don't know what would happen. You don't know. None of you have heard of a githyanki in your travels. There you go-- the de Rolo sisters-- Glad you could make it, Ashley. (cheering) You don't know. From what you saw, the Fire Ashari were decimated, you saw a number of bodies, you don't know if any escaped, you don't if any were hidden, you don't know what happened. At that location, it is desolation, and you get the sense from that, that is precisely the place where Thordak came through the plane. Such an optimist. Yeah, that term has been largely misused in the current-day vernacular. It's fun. You guys-- As we're discovering the white battlemats don't pick up as well on the camera as the colors, I'm trying to use other options whenever possible. So I'm going to try and push more on that. A little more work on my end, but it'll be fine. You guys, thank you for watching, and hope you have a wonderful night, and we'll see you guys next Thursday. Good night!