Hello and good evening, everyone, and welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us crazy, zany, nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons. For those of us meeting us for the first time, welcome; this is us playing DND from a homebrew campaign with a few homebrew rules, but overall, it's a fun time. Couple of announcements I want to get over before we start up the game One, we have a subscriber challenge, apparently, every 100 subscribers we get, we are giving away a signed poster of the cast of Critical Role, as well as a signed portrait or a giant poster of a beautiful piece of art by Kit Buss, our official artist. The cast will be signing both of those and giving those away to whoever wins and every 100 subscribers whoever is active in the chatroom will be opting in to be chosen randomly for that prize, so we'll keep an eye out for that and we will be announcing those winners as they come in. So that's every 100 subscribers. Also, there is a challenge that if we can manage to hit 7,000 subscribers by the beginning of the day tomorrow, the streaming tomorrow, one, there will be apparently some sort of Pikachu costume will be purchased and worn around the studio. This is all the information I have, and I'm excited at the vagueness that was presented to me, because that could mean anything, which, you know, with enough pressure, peer pressure especially, anyone can be put into a Pikachu costume. (laughs) Anyone. Also, there is apparently a promise for a party tomorrow evening with some fun guests and performers if we manage to hit 7k by the beginning of tomorrow's stream. This has been given to me by our gracious Overlord. Also, apparently the mods have their own challenge if we hit 7k by tomorrow that I've been told I don't really need to mention, which means I'm going to mention it, because apparently, there will be a Snugglelord or Overlord body pillow made. I think you should try and make that happen. How could you not mention that?! How could you not mention that? So 7k, guys. See if we can, see if we could make that happen, because I think it means if one can be made, many can be made and I think all of us here at Critical Role would be happy to have copies for ourselves. So that's now up in the air. Let's see. A couple other quick announcements we also have our charity, 826LA, they're a fantastic charity, 826 across the nation, but especially we're donating to 826LA. They have afterschool programs and a lot of tutoring for creative writing skills and general literacy skills-- I can't talk today-- for kids from five up to late teens. They're a great charity; check them out. We really appreciate you guys' support in that. Also, we will have a one week break in Critical Role next week as both me and Marisha will be out of town doing that thing in the desert, so we'll be gone for a week, but we will return the week after, so that will be the second week of September to pick up our regular Critical Role schedule from there. I think that's it, and that's all. Let's see if anybody else have any major announcements. Oh, Grog's being sweet over there. We'll have some fun things to show when we come back, but in the meantime, let's go ahead and get ourselves ready to jump on in to our next session of Critical Role. [dramatic music] That's okay, we'll look for it later. I think we may be down one Scanlan tonight; unfortunately, Sam couldn't make it. So we will be missing our gnome bard for the evening. I know, he's got family stuff planned tonight. Ohana means family in a language that doesn't exist in this world. That's okay. The party had unknowingly broken the law of Vasselheim and as such, found themselves in a conundrum where they had to choose either to go to the seat of judgment and be judged for breaking the law, or they could join the Slayer's Take, which is a guild of monster hunters in the town, which they caused this infraction towards. They agreed to instead join the guild. However, in doing so, they had to undergo a trial. The trial involved the party being split into two different groups and set on a journey to hunt a specific creature for each group, along with a couple of newcomers. So we had our couple guest episodes for each group, separate to do their own little venturing. Everybody survived, which was good. (cheering) We'll get to that. We will be coming back to the game in just a moment. Real fast, Travis, you should show us the really cool little thing that you-- So between that and Orion's wrist-mounted fireball launcher, we are covering all the bases. I did get a cloak. We're slowly being converted by you guys into our respective roles. All right, so as the party that was sent to hunt down the rakshasa successfully completed their venture, have been waiting very nervously for a few nerve-wracking days, as they knew it was a three-day journey, day four crawls around and the other half of Vox Machina has yet to return. They have been staying within the confines of the Slayer's Take guildhall and you can sense the energy itself is tense in the air. Mertin and the Huntmaster have done their best to keep you calm, brought you what you need, and assure you that this was not a very difficult task they sent them on, but even as the days wane on, you can sense that their overwhelming confidence seems to be slowly faltering as well. It's about midday on the fourth day when you hear a few loud thumps from out in the foyer area. You hear some low voices for a while, some conversations, some laughter, one particularly high, screechy voice you're not familiar with that then slowly disappears. Moments of quiet pass, and there is a knock at your guys' door on the far side of the guildhall. You open the door. Waiting there, you see Mertin standing there and his red, scruffy, scarred-up halfling self with a sly grin, as he looks over his shoulder. "It's good to see you! I "am pleasured to give you information that the rest of your allies have returned and you are requested "immediately in the foyer area of the Guildhall." You push him aside. "From what I can tell, at least most of them. I wasn't counting to be honest, but I--" The rest of you push past, rushing down the main other hallway that opens up into the main foyer area. You can see the hanging iron chandeliers are shifting slightly from the impact of the door slam. As you immediately peer around the side, you can see before you Vex, Grog, Percy, and Scanlan, all there, with little Trinket in the back, looking a little chilled. They look a little worse for wear, but definitively alive, as they have just received their payment for their Slayer's Take trial contract. Scanlan stands there with his arms open. "If only she was here..." "That's all right, we made enough money to make the rest of my evening interesting." During this extremely awkward massaging, teat-milking process-- A loud triple hand clap breaks the momentary gushy sharing of positive energy. Looking across the way you can see sitting on the corner of the main central cleric desk is Huntmaster Vanessa with her hands in the air. "Very well, I am glad to see that you have all survived. It is, I cannot "say not heart-warming to see you all enjoying the reunion so well, although I had a very big "breakfast and would prefer if this were to stop immediately. You have all proven to be very worthy "of joining this esteemed guild. I am pleased to have such talent amongst our ranks because of it. "Now, if you could please follow me, I shall reveal to you one of our great secrets. One you must "keep." And with that intensity you see the general white color of her eyes flashes yellow for a second. "The time has come to brand you as new members. Please to be following me." She turns around. Mertin joins her side and the two begin walking towards the back side of the foyer, towards the hallway that was on the left side of the back area. You guys continue to follow them down a long hallway that is just door after door after door on both sides. Just closed, seems like almost a good ten or so doors on each side of this doorway as you progress. You do manage to come across one door that is open and it leads into a darkened training area where you see two Slayer's Take members are currently in the process of training with two training dummies in this dirt sandpit area. As you guys walk past, they stop and look over their shoulders and give you a nod as you continue past. You get to the very end of this darkened hallway, where you see before you a very intimidatingly large solid iron door. No hinges, just a large slab of iron with bolts into it. Flanking it are two very well armed and armored members of the guild. Burly humans with heavily tattooed skin. From what you can see, each one of them, their shoulder exposed, you can see the same marking into it. The Slayer's Take mark comes across as almost like a scarred brand in that type of shape and design. LAURA and Vanessa looks over her shoulder. (laughs) "I think you'll be hard-pressed to find someone more skilled." At this point, the two gentlemen standing either side of the door stand up and give a small bow to the Huntmaster. At this point, after hearing this loud metallic tensing sound as the two guys have now grabbed these wheels that are bolted into the sides of the door and are winching them down. And you can see as they are pulling, you can hear the sound of chains grinding and growing tense. And the iron door (metal and stone scraping), slowly raises up, revealing a darkened hallway that descends down stairs, about 15 feet wide. Go for it. Nine total. Good to know. That stairway looks pretty sturdy. That darkness looks pretty dark. Even with your darkvision. Well, keeping that in mind. As you look inside, you can see there are torches bolted to the wall that give a very low ember light, and they are spaced out about every 20 feet or so. Okay. As you cast Light, it brightens up the room for a second, the two guards wince to the side and Vanessa spins around and says, "Fool, put that out this instant!" Her intense demeanor softens for a moment and she goes, "There is a process to this. I "appreciate your patience." She turns around and continues down the stairs. Do you guys follow below? Okay. What's the walking order in this? What's the order? All right. There we go. And Percy, you're where? All right, so you're walking alongside Scanlan. You're staying near Grog to hide behind. All right, so as you guys descend down these stairs. The first thing that catches you is the air itself has a very old smell to it. Almost like the interior of a dust-covered antique store or a long-forgotten and untouched tomb. It has that smell of ancient sediment to it. You continue down the stairs until eventually it opens into a large, darkened chamber. The ground itself has a soft, almost sandy bottom. Turn that shit off, whoever's phone that was! All good. (laughs) Check your phones. No worries. As you step into the chamber, what little bit of light there is begins to brighten as you enter the main area, and you can see before you what looks like a beautiful stone sanctuary in the center of this chamber, built of white limestone with gold-inlaid trim and designs. Strange sandstone, almost obelisks, that frame a large ziggurat-like platform that rises in the center of this chamber just standing there in the stillness. These little torches placed amongst the entire thing brighten as you step forward and frame the visual of this strange, ancient structure. (shushing) "Do you trust me?" "Well, either you follow or you leave and we leave you to the machinations of the seat of "judgment, and you can deal with the law of Vasselheim." "All right. Then follow me." And she steps toward the front of this ziggurat-type structure which has a staircase that is very wide at the bottom and slowly pinches as it reaches the top of the structure about 25 feet up. As you begin walking up the stairs, I believe you have the highest passive perception. You notice there are small symbols carved in various ways throughout the entirety of this structure's design. Very faintly along the trim of the bottom of some of the stonework, also largely placed on the top of these obelisks on different sides. It resembles an eye placed within a sickle. It's a single eye that is placed within a sickle-like curvature that has a handle to it. Almost like that. No, it's just a carving in the stonework that resembles an eye. This would be more of a religion check for anybody who has-- Religion. You can, you're welcome to make a-- There you go. Start it off. The sage worked! Looking at it, you immediately get the thought that this symbol represents Ioun, which is the goddess of knowledge, prophecy, and skill. Not one of the heavily worshipped-- you haven't seen really any bastion of worship of Ioun in the city yet. It's always been those main five. This is the first temple to Ioun you've seen since you've been here, and it's definitely been under here for quite some time. As you guys get to the very top of the structure, you can see before you, the top of the ziggurat-like platform is about 50 feet across on each side. In the center there is a small raised platform about five feet high, four feet high, almost like a table or altar of some kind that is circular in its shape, and partially embedded in this is a large, solid glass globe-like sphere that is probably a good three feet in diameter. Not anything you've seen before, per se. It's perfectly clear and it just sits there at rest. Vanessa seems to have not paid attention to your phrase and just shouts up into the darkness and goes, "Osysa! Osysa, come! We have fresh blood for you!" At which point, a loud roar breaks through the darkness, shaking the interior of the chamber where dust and sand begins to settle from the ceiling, which had been waiting there for quite some time. At this point, suddenly there's a shift in movement from the shadows behind the ziggurat, and leaping up onto the platform before you guys, you see movement and fur and rippling muscle. What you see before you looks to be a giant lion-like body. (thud) Steps onto the top of the ziggurat. These giant, griffon-like wings (whoosh) flare out, and as the light cascades up, you can see now atop this lion body is a female-like human face wreathed with a mane of ashy-blonde hair. Jewelry wrapped around the neck and the shoulders. You see as it looks down, the eyes peering across all of you. No pupils, just a glowing straight sky-blue color. This little growl with a chuckle to it. (laughs) A feminine smile comes to its lips as it bends down and looks over the rest of you. "I have watched from afar, Hunters. I sensed your arrival "and the spark of darkness you carried. I saw your fate bend towards ours and cross. At this "intersection, I greet you, and welcome you, proven ones, to our family." And she bows and closes her eyes ever so slightly. She acknowledges everyone's existence. And you see now, Huntmaster Vanessa is also in a very, very deep bow, and stands, giving you all this look of, don't do anything stupid. "I have been "keeper of this temple for hundreds of years--" There's a brief moment where she gives you this keen look, head to the side like a curious creature. "Interesting. Humor does not find its way to my chambers often enough these days." "I appreciate your candor, dragonborn." "Now, we've built this into a tradition that you have all now come into. And at this moment, "you will come to bear the mark and be known as our allies." Her eyes suddenly flare up with an intense blue flame for a second. All of you, simultaneously, at that moment feel this sharp, sudden burning sensation in your right shoulder. You instinctively reach over and grab towards it. (hissing) You reach over and pull, and there's no heat on the arm, but there is that burning pain. You go and you look under, pulling your armor to the side best you can and look. And there, over your right shoulder you can see this same brand that you saw adorning the shoulder of Vanessa when she exposed it earlier, as well as the two guards at the gate. It is now raised upon your skin, seemingly already healed. Like a long-healed burn or brand mark. And the pain slowly subsides into a dull sensation, but it is not a fresh burn. There is not any peeled skin. It looks like it maybe happened a few months ago, and yet there it is. "Now, I have been here building this place and this guild for some time, with the intent of "helping rid the landscape of dangerous prey and helping those who are also aligned with the good "of the realm to bring their more powerful enchantments and uses to light." 24! It would've been good if I remembered to bring my dice out. There we are. It's been a rushed-- yeah. She appears to be forthright and honest. There is a force of personality to her that speaks beyond any sort of mortal you've encountered, and even the extraplanar entities you've discussed with, there seems to be a forthrightness in her speech. You don't feel there's any layer of deceit involved. She glances down at the glass sphere that's embedded in the altar, and as she looks down, what was once clear glass slowly begins to glow with the same white-blue light as her eyes. "It is here through this Heartglass that Ioun herself extends my "vision to watch the world. From here, I can see where our quarry lies and lays rest. When "contracts are brought to our attention, I can see if they can or cannot be hunted. I can see where "the worlds flow between. I can watch over my mate, wherever far he may be. This gift came at a price "to me, but the good I can do, that we can do, is far more important than my sacrifice." "The limits fall to where will would be bent against what wishes to be seen. In person, I can "peer through many veils, but the further I tread with my sight, the more barriers of those who wish "not to be followed can keep me at bay. I've only tried to pierce through the Abyss once. That was a "dire mistake. However, you have come to understand one of our great secrets. Keep this with you, "carry the brands on your shoulders with pride, for you are now considered Chosen of Ioun, and myself. "Welcome to the Slayer's Take." She gives a nod to all of you. She now stands back up. The orb goes back to a dull clear glass. Turns around. (heavy footfalls) the tail (whoosh) swishing over your heads for a moment. The wings expand, and with a great leap, the creature disappears into the darkness. If you want to make an arcana check. The glass has faded, yes. 24. You've heard of entities like this. This is a sphinx entity, specifically referred to as a gynosphinx. Gynosphinx. TALIESIN and You hear a snarl from the distant shadows. No. A gynosphinx is a feminine sphinx entity that specializes in being able to peer past lies, to peer past magical veils. You can see how this altar, this sphere is an extension of that power, though even that has its limits. At which point Vanessa turns around to the rest of you. "Well, then. I think that went rather "well, yes?" "I like the element of surprise." She gives you a curious look. "I do not know." Scanlan's behind you going-- Scanlan says, "Well, if she's been in here for 200 years unable to leave, she's going to be "really happy with what I can offer." "It's a whole array of experiences that I provide." As he puts on his mustache. Vanessa then turns around and begins to step down the ziggurat. "Well, then. Shall I lead you back to the guild "hall proper? You are welcome to do as you wish. You have been released, and I believe we have some "funds to give to you, as you are now officially part of the hydra contract you originally broke." As you guys are walking back out of the chamber towards the stairway, she goes, "There is "no requirement for you, you are but a member of the Slayer's Take. If you wish to come by, we have "contracts available, and you can look about those if you wish to take up. If you feel you are "capable of doing it, let us know. You will then be bound to that contract to complete it, but there "is no requirement. There have only been a few occasions that we have called our members to arms "outside of contract, and that is usually when there has been some sort of an outside-- for lack "of a better term, a force that wishes ill to our business. In which case, we protect our own. But "that's only happened twice since the inception of this guild itself, so I would not worry. But we "have work for you, should you need it. We have a place to stay, and beyond that you are welcome to "travel as you see fit." "We have many allegiances. Whatever makes for the best business, to be honest. To tell you "this, we like to make money." "We like to make sure that the city is protected from entities, creatures, beings that "would threaten the otherwise defenseless members of this fine city." "And we like to make money." "Yes." And as you guys start descending the stairs now, Mertin is a little bit ahead, and he knocks on the outside of the iron door. You hear it lift again, the rest of you make your way and duck under the iron door as it's lifted up and you make your way back into the guild hall hallway. As she leads you back to the foyer area, she says, "Yes, so. Really, it's money, to be honest. But "the money we make, we make generally for noble causes. They do not harm people, and nothing "terrible has come of it yet. Yet." And she laughs to herself as she walks on and begins pulling from underneath the main clerk desk again, pulling up a few pouches and tossing them amongst you. There's three of them, she says, "Spread as you see fit. Based on the hydra contract..." She tosses them amongst a random couple of you guys. You caught two and Tiberius drifted one down. You take a moment to count them all. Each pouch breaks down to roughly 630 gold each, if divided amongst the seven party members. 630 each. Can someone note 630 for Scanlan, by the way. "These cookies were sent to me as a fine gift from a friend of the guild. Sir Darin De Paul "of Vasselheim's finest performance troupe." "Correct. You just stay wherever you like. Mind you, there are probably more comfortable "lodgings, but you do not have to pay to stay here." "Of course. I have no business at the moment." Which, he looks to you and goes, "And on that note, you're welcome to stay here. I'm going "to go ahead and use my earnings to soothe this pained, bruised pelvic region." "Of course." "I shall." And he scurries out the front door of the guild hall. At which point, there's a knock at the front of the guild hall. Mertin walks over. "All right. Not a problem." Opens the door. Peeking from around the doorway, you see meekly a familiar female form. Short, white hair, silver and blue armor, small in stature. There stands a meek and smiling Pike. (cheering) Here's the circumstance with you, Pike. They reached a certain point in getting a lot of the temple, most of it uncovered. It's still not quite at the level you want it to be, and it'll take a few months to get into its full restoration. However, there is definitely a curse placed on the tower that was once built over the temple, which is why most people avoided it for so long and didn't realize there was something beneath it. The more you guys worked, the more and more you saw the curse was essentially undoing and corroding a lot of the work you guys were doing to restore it. The group had to pool their funds to hire a high priest of the Raven Queen to come in for the next week and cleanse the landscape of the curse that has basically prevented you guys from progressing in restoring the temple, so you have about a week to yourself. All right. You inquire with Mertin, and Mertin gives a moment of thought and goes, "To be honest, I'm "pretty sure that we gave our current stock to a couple of teams throughout, including the one "that went and fought the dragon." "At the moment, no. We have a few that are on order. Should be here in the next two, three "days. So there's that. But--" "I mean, there is the bazaar north of the guild; you're welcome to check in that area, but "most of our enchanted potions are exported. It's one of the many things that the city makes its "money on, and to be perfectly honest, most of what you've seen throughout the world probably in some "way, shape, or form came from us. We take a lot of pride in that. But you're welcome to ask around. "Good to hear this." By the time this team has arrived, I'd say it's close to 200 in the afternoon. No, Zahra has left already. The halfling who's now standing there-- the one who let you in that you didn't pay much attention to because you were more focused on seeing your friends. "Pike, it's a pleasure to meet you. The name's Mertin." "With a T." "I can take these cookies back." "But these cookies have been provided by a friend of the guild. If you're a friend of them, "you're a friend of the guild." Up to you. So if you're wishing to use your Divine Intervention, you roll two d10s, the percentile dice. Usually, you have one that has two digits and one that has one digit. Roll those together, and you're trying to roll under your level, so you're trying to roll an 11 or lower. Yeah, the first one is-- So that'd be a 60. Yeah. So as you roll out the carpet, you take a moment to hold on to your holy symbol. You sense that Sarenrae's there, but divine magic versus the initial arcane-based enchantment here? It's a little out of her realm and her focus is scattered at the moment. You can attempt it once a day. You don't quite know how the Divine Intervention's going to work, but you know that she may come and help you in some way. About 200 in the afternoon now. Well, it took you a few days of travel. There's no additional growth. One actually goes ping! And it shoots off. (laughter) All right. As you guys step out into the thoroughfare of the Quadroads, it is beginning to rain a little bit, and you can already hear people moving through the city. You make your way towards the central portion of the Quadroads, where the large bazaar is set up. There are a number of tents and small shacks set up. Some are temporary and move in and out, but everyone seems to have their various tarps up and things to help protect, overhangs, from any prospect of customers from getting rained on too heavily. However, the floor of this city, which is already pretty dusty and dirty in its own right, has now become sludge-like mud, and there's this constant (squelching) as you're walking through the city. It's easy enough for you, Tiberius, to go ahead and find a blacksmith. Generally, there aren't too many in this area. A lot of those tend to be pushed up more towards the Braving Grounds, so it's easy to find the one or two plumes of black smoke-- Animal? Okay. All right. Make a perception check. So as you're walking along, nothing's really catching your eye. You do manage to go to the blacksmith that Percy sent you to. What are you seeking in particular? Okay. Blacksmithing is more for construction. The blacksmith there says, "Well, I "mean, I can certainly make some for you, but there's already plenty of ready-made ones over at the "general store across the way." And he points to a smaller building. "All right." And the scruffy-chinned human rubs his half-beard and thinks it over. "I can "probably fashion something. I can't tell you how wieldy it'll be, but we can certainly try. Give me "about-- four hours, probably, with a ready-made quarterstaff?" "All right. For the custom, put you back about, say, 80 gold for the custom job." "You wanted a crossbow, you said. You want a heavy crossbow or--" "Then you're probably going to go with a regular hand-crossbow. Go talk to that general "store over there." And he sends you across the way. You head over to the general store. You purchase, base price for a hand-crossbow is 75 gold pieces, so mark that off. All right. A short sword is easy enough to purchase, that is ten gold pieces. You also have to manage to get your ammunition, as well. 40 bolts, I'd say I put those-- I'd say for 40, two gold. Bolts aren't too expensive. It's bulk bin. There are only currently 80 available. You've never heard of Vesh. What? I'm just enjoying some water. So while this is happening-- There's no real potion shops. The construction of potions is not a ready thing. People don't manufacture them left and right; it's a time-consuming process, and a lot of them are exported, so finding them here is a little difficult, and they're usually part of other stores that sell it as part of their stock. You guys, before you journeyed out last time, cleaned out the hag. Make an investigation check. Asking and looking around, no one seems particularly helpful. Some individuals push you aside. Grog, you come up to a gentleman. He's dressed in a fine velvet bright-red-and-maroon tunic, and he's carrying a small satchel at his side, and he's standing outside of a small tent and he's like, "Anyone? Come forth! I carry oddities of all kinds! If you wish to see what I "have for sale, I'll be happy to sell them!" Turns and sees you. "Oh. You, sir! You look like you're "in an inquiring mood." "Sir. It's a respectful term." "I should probably go." "Yes. Strange things from around the lands. I have them sent in from all over the "continents." "Like--" And he reaches into his pouch and pulls out this small jar that contains a liquid, and you can see something sort of floating in this liquid. It's a little bit cloudy. "This is the eye "of a basilisk I procured from the distant north of Tal'Dorei." "Well, then. What are you looking for?" "Let me see." And he rummages through this small tent on the side. You see it's more of a storage tent-slash-bedroom-slash-whatever it takes to set up shop really quickly. This guy's definitely a traveling solo merchant. A little bit. That, with a little more of a fake upper-crust, Renaissance-man visualization. He reaches back. You hear him rummaging through some glassware and he goes, "I actually have a few "potions at my disposal here." He dips under one of the nearby tents that has an overhang, to get out of the rain. You guys are having girl talk right now. This is a little ways out of the way. "I happen to have one such potion. In fact, I have on good authority, it will restore some of "your own damaged internal, should you find yourself in a dangerous situation." "All right." You guys are off shopping elsewhere. You guys are probably together, though. "This one would run you 500 gold pieces." No, this one is a greater. "Very well. For you, sir, I perhaps have this." He pulls out a vial that has a gray, sparkling, almost like it has an iron filing sediment inside this thick, syrupy liquid. It looks like it would taste awful. (laughs) Yes. Yes, it is. "This, I've been told, has been crafted from and distilled from the blood of many a tyrant-like "stone giant from the far off mountains of the hinterlands. This, when swallowed, should imbue "you with the strength of a thousand men." "Sort of." "For this one? This, I'd say, would run you a simple 6,000 gold pieces." "Speaking of which do you offer?" "My robes are quite fancy enough, but thank you." "Put that away. Please. No, it's spraying on the front of my vest." Make a perception roll... No, I'm sorry, not perception, persuasion. Persuasion. 13? All right. He goes, "Pieces of dragon, you say?" "How about this? For direct trade, no coin exchange necessary all 14 of your dragon's teeth, and perhaps two of those blood vials." He accepts all of the dragon's teeth, three of the four vials of blood-- you can mark those off the Bag of Holding. All gone, but you currently now have in your possession one Potion of Stone Giant Strength. No. When imbibed you essentially, your strength becomes equivalent to 23. One hour. No, it's one use. Your gums will get a little tingly for a while. Probably be a little hyper. I don't know, do you want to try? Oh yeah. Your modifier would become plus six is what it would be, a plus six modifier. As you take it and you shake it around, you can see on the inside of that sparkling metallic-- there's a small object floating around and looking inside, it looks like it's a clipping of a fingernail or a toenail of whatever giant the potion was brewed from. Like a tequila bottle worm. Yes. "Thank you for your patronage. Enjoy the rest of your stay here in Vasselheim I hope to do "business with you again in the near future." He turns around and closes the thing. He takes his satchel and he starts closing down his tent and putting things away. Closes everything down. As you point back and look, you can see now a cart is being wheeled away. (laughs) Okay! What level? What level Hunter's Mark? Basic level? He stops in his tracks and feels the rain that's falling in his palm now; it's soaking him a little bit. He has a bit of cloth over his head. He puts his hand out and feels the rain for a strange temperature change, and continues pushing the cart, pushes it through the mud, rolling up the rest of the thoroughfare and disappears into the city. But you have a pretty good idea of where he's going. You guys eventually catch up. You acquire your staff over the next few hours or so as people are resting, having drinks and such. It acts as a regular quarterstaff, except you can choose whether you want it to do bludgeoning or slashing damage. As soon as you say servants, the barmaid who's coming over and filling up your drink goes, "We prefer barmaid, but thank you." She looks over at her. "All right, all right." "For your strongest? Per glass, I'll put that at about--" "Very well." All right. You get water, you all managed to get your drinks. A very, very thick, syrupy mead-type alcohol. Altogether for those drinks, Vax, it comes down to 15 gold for alcohol, which is expensive for a round. This is very fine. You've been around Scanlan long enough. What little knowledge you have of enchanting items, from your experience, and you had this a little bit as well from your own enchanting the process of enchanting a weapon into what would be considered a magical weapon is a weeks-long process. It's doable, definitely, but it's one of those things where you would have to have somebody sit down with it over a period of time, and daily instill it with that magical energy until it finds its permanence within the object. Probably? Mage, maybe not so much. There are other clerics. But yes, it is totally doable. If you wanted to yourself, yeah. At which point the bartender at the tavern goes, "Are you sure about that?" "All right. But you're cleaning my floor." And he goes and fills everyone's drink. He happily takes it, and the wink is a strong wink. He smiles back, but also gives you the look of like, time for bed. You all eventually finish your drinks and find your way back to your respective rooms for the evening and have a good night's rest. And on that note, we're going to go ahead and take a five-minute restroom break on our end. We'll be back here about five minutes or so, so don't go too far, and we'll kick back in the following morning for what appears to be a journey towards the Pyrah tribe of the Ashari. Hey guys, welcome back! We've had our break, so as the party comes to consciousness the following morning, a very heavy hangover coming from Vex for the evening of lamenting the loss of a number of financial things. All right. Go ahead and make your beard roll. 22. As you come to consciousness, Grog wakes up and shakes his head for a minute, and you look, and there is a good solid two-inch beard. Where was once the somewhat clear, stringy, fishing-line-type scruff, you're starting to see a little color come into it. This thick black root is now starting to appear at the base of the beard. It is like horsehair bristles, it's very thick, and you could probably clean dishes against it. Actually, for you it's only coming in as a chinstrap beard, at the moment. As you're glancing about and getting coffee for her, you manage to see a cart that's just setting up this early in the morning in the bazaar. You hear some squeaking and growling and a couple of bird chirps. You look over to the side and there is one small setup that has a number of creatures and small animals and stuff set up in cages. Okay. She glances at the coffee in your hand, "Well, I mean, we've got two that are a bit "sickly, but they're for purchase if you like." "They're both green; it's hard to tell." "Okay. That one's probably more sick, but I'll take it." (laughter) "There you are, sir. Have a good day." "Don't let it die. Feed it. Give it water. Good day, sir." Trinket's nose goes up to the cage (sniffs). Medicine check? Okay, go for it. (groans, growls) He doesn't look the healthiest. No. As soon as your finger gets to the edge, (snaps) he bites on the finger. You take a point of damage. Make a medicine check. You gather this may be some sort of a general illness that lingers for a couple of weeks. Properly fed and taken care of, would probably be able to get it through its system. Okay. You feed him through the cage. Reluctant to eat the first piece. Eventually, it takes a bite and then begins to eat the rest through the cage as you continue through breakfast. You can try healing. It's more of a disease-based illness. The landscape is very heavily wooded, and the canopy of the forest tends to rise and lower about the height of the wall itself. You can't really see anything beyond the wall of the city of Vasselheim, anyway. Make an investigation check. Asking around and gathering a few folks and asking them questions, eventually you flag down one guy at the far end of the tavern; he's an amateur cartographer who's in the middle of sketching out the nearest area. He talks to you for a bit and you mention Sunder Peak Mountains and he goes, "Oh yeah, yes, no. Sunder Peak. It's not too far from Vasselheim. It's about two days' "travel, on horseback southwest. The Sunder Peak Mountains themselves, be careful; they're pretty "steep. I haven't actually gone within the mountain range myself, but I've been within a few miles of "it just to make sure that I can mark it on my map, but yeah. It should be fine. Stay on the road." "This is not done. And I need to finish it before I can give it to a printer to make more." "I should go." And he folds up his map. "Well, that would be very helpful." "Tyriok." "Tyriok." "Anything you come across, please do take note of it. If you require a small piece of "parchment, I can perhaps provide that as well." "Well, forests tend to-- " "There are things that live there that are generally pretty dangerous. They've had people "who've travelled on these routes and at some point they've been attacked. Or worse, never came "back." "I haven't." Glances back over at Grog's ominous stare towards him again. "I should be leaving." "Yes." Hands you this rolled-up piece, relatively well-made. "I appreciate that greatly." "No? Not that I can lend out." "Anyway. I'm usually here in the morning. Just going about my business. So whenever you need "to find me--" LAURA and He goes and heads off. You guys are welcome to prepare as you wish. Your team has horses. This team does not. You did. It was pretty rough getting you there, even as a warhorse. You weigh a lot. Okay. The cost of the warhorse. Initially, when you get there, the stablehand who you talked to originally, "You've gone already through it. I can offer you another war horse. We're starting to "run a little low, if you keep tearing through them at this rate." "Oh, that's 400 gold to purchase yourself a warhorse." Make a persuasion check. He goes, "Here. How about this. I will, based on your previous patronage, and if you can "ensure that you would continue to send business my way, I would be happy to give it to you at half "price." (chuckling) Mark off 200 gold. There was a warhorse for him, and then there's two amongst you. I don't know if you wanted to become a horse and run. Okay. Well, then you're fine. If you ask about this, he's like, "That wasn't part of the deal. If you want another "warhorse, that's a different transaction entirely." "400 gold." "All right. Well, I'm afraid we're fresh out of war horses going forward. We'll have to make "sure our tamer goes out, and probably be a few months before we get another load, so take care of "what you have." "Side saddles for that? I'll throw those in for free, for full price purchase, certainly. Side "saddlebags for your warhorse." Okay. You guys gather your horses, fresh warhorse and saddlebags upon yours as well, Tiberius. Fine sturdy steeds. This one looks to be a little more physically built than the previous one you purchased. Hopefully, it should last you a little longer. Hopefully. You make your way towards the southern gate of Vasselheim. The Bastions open it for you and lead you out to the front road that exits the south side of the city. Slowly, it begins to divide into a southeast and southwest direction. You guys, using the directions you acquired previously, begin pushing yourself in the southwestern direction of the path, leading you deep into the Vesper Timberlands. You notice the canopy of the forest itself is so thick and high that it is not so much an open pathway more than it is an open archway, a tunnel that has been carved through the forest for this path. It is a very dense, very dark-- even in the midday sun-- pathway, and it progresses this way for miles and miles. You can hear birds and the wildlife living loudly and out in the open amongst this forest. There are certain portions of the trail that you do see are being encroached upon by the forest and trees themselves. There are roots and vines that begin to stretch and try to reclaim the road, and you get the sensation that people that traverse here a lot have to perpetually keep it clear. There is something about this forest that in itself is its own breathing entity beyond what a normal forest would be. It seems to grow at a much faster pace, and even your previous experience in the deep portions of this forest, it almost has its own omnipresent, malicious presence. Continuing down for the rest of the day, eventually the sun comes to set and what little bit of moonlight that would find its way through the canopy is entirely cut off by the thickness of the leaves and boughs of the trees. You can continue to go through the night, if you wish to. A big beacon of light blasts out, continuing pushing forward down this pathway. It's about 930pm, and you have pretty good visual in front of you based on the light source that is Tiberius. How long do you want to push on forward? Darkness once again takes the pathway. You gather, glancing up, there are fractions and little pieces that give you the sense that some of the clouds have parted, and moonlight would be visible if you weren't underneath such a thick canopy of brush. If not for your darkvision and the little bit of light in there, you'd have no visual. Instead of a beaming beacon of bright light, it has now become essentially a hood lantern that you are now directionally focusing. It's 900 at night, yeah. I'd say, from when you left, it's probably been about six hours of travel, approximately, to where you are now. At this distance? I would say, at this distance, if you've travelled you've lost contact with him, however on the way out you got the sensation that he was still in the city, just not in the thoroughfare that he was originally spotted in. All right, so. (laughs) You conk out. Trinket takes to a couple, but seems to be reluctant as it's not what he's used to. It's a good start but Trinket still likes the comfort of fresh meat. (bear noises) Trinket nuzzles his nose and pushes it out of your hand on to the ground. Okay. It burns like a torch in your hand. No fire. Okay. You, because the only supplies you have to craft some ammunition without having an actual smithy at your disposal, it is possible; it's just difficult. So go ahead and take your tinker's tool check with disadvantage. 14? You use the remainder of your supplies that are currently on you. You manage to construct 12 rounds of ammunition for your Pepperbox, but you are currently out after that. And you were down to about three pieces left? I put you at a total of 15 bullets for your Pepperbox. Okay. It's hard for you to repurpose anything metal without an actual smelter. Yeah. And you can try for the Bad News ammunition. You should be about five shots left. A long rest is eight hours. Enchanting for a staff is a day focus. You can do it slowly over time to help offset that, but it'll take you a lot longer to do it on the road. It's more of like, when you get back and you want to focus on enchanting it, you can get it done. Cool. You go over your spells, you have that crafted, torch, anything else before you go to bed? Yes. Have you not done that yet? Okay, well let's go ahead and do that right now. d10 plus your constitution modifier. Percy is now level 11. What'd you roll? Right, ten more hit points. You're also three attacks per round now, which is awesome. Everyone's going to eat a Heroes' Feast before bed? Okay? Yeah, it's 24 hours. As you pull out the second gem-encrusted bowl that you purchased in the bazaar earlier, you mark off another thousand gold pieces from your personal fund, and as you guys watch, Keyleth all of a sudden puts her hands out in front of her, and from the very earth itself around your campsite (fwoosh) springs forth this long table of cornucopias and fruits and fine meats. The smell permeates the air like the best eating hall you've ever been to. Okay, so as you're eating and chopping, you step away from the table and set the carpet down, and you grab your holy symbol, and you close your eyes, praying up to Sarenrae to hopefully in some way, shape, or form, be of an aid in restoring this once-enchanted ally. You sense that once again, the attention of Sarenrae is scattered. And at this moment in time, you feel like there is little attention towards this small arcane artifact that was lost not of your own hand. 2d10. 2d10 additional hit points to your maximum. You're immune to poison, immune to diseases, immune to being frightened, and all wisdom saving throws have advantage. After eating this meal, it instills you with an extremely powerful nature-based enchantment. You feel your physical form given unnatural heartiness, and the confidence instills your entire body. And so you are immune to poison, immune to disease, immune to frightened, and you get advantage on your wisdom saving throws for 24 hours. A very fine, a very expensive meal. All right. You guys eventually find yourself getting to rest. Through the evening's rest, Grog keeping watch, eventually the weight of the meal comes to your form, and you begin to fall asleep. You all wake up in the morning untouched, unscathed, but all asleep. Hundred. No progression on your beard. It's all right. But you still have your fancy little Lincoln going on. All right. You ride up again, you get yourself back on the path and you progress up the pathway. You continue to ride for the next six to seven or so hours, stopping briefly to eat lunch and just get your energy up. There's been no change in Lockheed's health visually yet. But you continue the process. You push forward for the remainder of the day, eventually getting to the end of your second day of travel. As the sun is beginning to slowly set, you watch the direction it's passing and you can see now in the distance what appears to be a large mountain range beginning to appear above the breaks in the canopy where you can see part of the trees begin to part. There are aspects of the sky visible. You can see the clouds have regathered; there's a little bit of sunlight that breaks through every now and then, you can see just the general glow of the sky as it pushes over, but you do see the edge of a mountain range in the distance, probably no more than a couple hours of travel to get to the actual base of. You hear a sudden clap of thunder (thunderclap). Comes rumbling through the sky. And you can see, above the mountain range, the clouds that are gathering are very dark, and a roiling thunderstorm is starting to break over the mountain range. You see flashes of light from within, and a few other claps of thunder rolling over the mountain range. It looks like a thunderstorm. It's not ominously dark more than what you're used to, but it looks like there is a thunderstorm blowing through. You take a moment and watch it. It is stationary. Taking a very close look, it doesn't appear to be pouring any rain. It's just a thick gathering of black thunderclouds that has yet to release its watery payload. As you approached and noticed, you could see that the storm is there. As you spend a little time focusing on the landscape around you. What's the range on that? Here we go. Got it. (laugh) All right. So three miles of you. It's a little bit beyond three miles, but you gather at least within the distance there that-- nothing immediately visible, but the temperature, you can gather, gets slightly warmer as you approach the mountain range. That's the most you can gather from this distance. That was the day that Orion set himself on fire. Okay. (magic noise) All of your scales shift into a glistening silver color, that of the same scales that the followers of Bahamut had adorned their armor with when you went to that section of Vasselheim. (thunder) Another lightning clap. You continue riding towards the mountain range at the base of the Sunder Peak Mountains. Eventually the forest begins to give way as the ground itself becomes less and less hospitable to vegetation. There's a certain smell to the air that seems to come through the wind that buffets the bottom of the mountain range itself. It smells like a distant forest fire. Like, you can smell almost like burnt cedar, a little bit of ash to the air. You make your way to the base. Everyone roll a perception check. Okay. Percy. Everyone else, you look about this mountain range and it's just the sheer edge, like there's no real sign, outside from climbing it up, how you'd manage to find-- Is mountainous part of your favored terrain? Yes, these are mountains. You glance up, though. You notice that there is apparently two paths that diverge at the very base. They're very steep, back and forth switchback winding paths that lead up the front of the mountain. It's hard to see exactly where they lead, because once they reach a certain point the rest of the mountain cliff seems to blend into itself. But you do notice there are two maybe five-foot wide, very thin switchback paths that lead up the side of the mountain. We're cultured. (laughter) 14. Glancing at the two sides, the left path appears to be far more worn. The right path is largely untouched, with a thin layer of ash coating it, so you get the feeling that one hasn't seen use in quite some time. On the left side, they seem to go both ways, but even those prints are fairly old. At least a week or two has seen any sort of traction on the path. Footprints. Correct. So you leave your horses behind? Okay. There are some trees towards the edge here. So you guys leave your horses behind. You tie them up to one of the nearby trees, one that's off to the side, leave a little bit of feed for them. Okay. You make your way up the switchback path, up the side of the mountain. It is relatively steep. It continues up at about a 40-degree incline, and there are certain moments where it tends to pinch to about a two-foot-wide path, and you have to uncomfortably put your back to the side of the mountain to get through those passes. You're about, I'd say about an hour and a half, two hours later, the sun has officially set, and what little bit of moonlight would be brought forth is currently encased by the thunderstorm ahead, and you do still hear the occasional clap of thunder and see the occasional flash that almost seems to be happening above the range, out of visual sight. Tiberius creates a beacon of light at the edge of his staff, and being centrally located to the team, is a fairly good source of visual light to the pathway. You guys continue to go up the side. I'm going to go ahead and have everybody do a constitution saving throw here. This isn't a chill-based thing. The air itself, the wind that's blowing down, is filled with this thick ash-type dust that's coming through here. You're finding yourself coughing. It's getting into your lungs a little bit. Okay, you pull your mask down. No immediate effects, but you find yourself unable to suppress an occasional cough. You continue up the side of the mountain. You guys pull your cloth up over your faces. You make your way. It's pushing almost midnight at this point in time, and you're getting tired, your legs are growing sore from the constant perpetual walk upwards at an angle. The path begins to become less of a switchback, and you can see it's beginning to pull inwards towards what looks like a ravine in the mountain range. There's an area where the actual mountain carves inward and leads into the mountain range proper. During that time, Vex, as you guys are making your way up to this slight inward path and it starts pushing into the mountain range, less dangerous and less pressed against the mountain as you were previously, you notice up at the top there are a few shadowed figures just out of your visual range that you can just make out over the backlight of the clouds in the sky. You can make a perception check. Eight. At this distance, it's hard to really make out any sort of visual on their form, their size, but you just see there's a handful of them and it looks like three figures that are moving in unison along the ridge a little ways up ahead of you guys. Can I go ahead and get a stealth check from the group? With disadvantage on the ones that failed their constitution saves. The fail is the nine or below. Yeah. I'll let you know if it's a fail or not, but you guys, everyone has to make a stealth check, and the ones who currently have the coughs have disadvantage on the roll. With a nine? Yes, you did. You're also coughing. 14? Right, so you were fine. Go ahead and roll stealth on Trinket. For stealth. As you guys make your way into the path and she points this out, there's a couple people that kind of, there's a quiet silence, and then (coughing) a couple of coughs coming through. Shushed as best you can, you can see the figures shift and then vanish from sight. Looking around, the pathway still continues upward, and it continues and then disappears over a ridge where the mountains come inward to the closest portion where the mountain range tends to break. You can't see anything beyond that, because it's still too far away from you. You have no idea. You haven't been to this territory. You know that centurions usually are sent out, and people keep watch on the landscape around, but you have no idea. That crappy path is starting to move inward finally towards the actual mountain; it's starting to crest over into the top area, where it goes into almost more like a ravine where the two walls of the mountain come together to give you a small valley path that leads-- Sure, make a perception check. Yeah. Scanlan... paid well for enough attention to celebrate his current non-freezing-death or smashing by a dragon. He's still recovering through the positive reinforcement of numerous female workers. Do you guys continue? All right. You continue pushing in, and this area where the mountain range tends to collide to this path that then leads on. It's slowly winding around and heading upward and closer and closer in towards where the mountain range crests. There's a couple more flashes of lightning, some thunder, and you all look around. 18. Best you can gather, the storm is localized, it is not moving, and this type of storm seems to be more generated not because there is a gathering of storm activity or any natural rain that falls in this area-- and in fact, most of the rock and landscape you see here is very dry-- this usually accompanies a place of very strong power. Natural occurrences where there is a funnel or focus of some sort of unbridled arcane or divine energy tends to call this type of aberrant weather pattern to it. You hear a strange clacking sound, and you glance up just in time to see a large boulder (booming sounds) down the mountain. So for this one in particular, this would be towards the people that are in front. That would be Keyleth, Vex, Vax, and Trinket. You guys can go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. It's roughly six feet in diameter. It barrels through the vicinity. One? We'll let them do the reaction first. 13 and 13. As soon as I finish their action, basically the boulder (smack) and they all tried to dodge out of the way, and then you can do your action. Okay. The casting of the spell itself takes a moment. It's one of those things where it's not an instant thing, you have to do the motions for it. It's not so much instant. However, as the boulder manages to roll by, all of you except for Vax manage to roll out of the way in time. Everyone ducked out as the boulder trucks past. You take 16 points of bludgeoning damage as the boulder slams into your side. You immediately glance up to the top, and you can now see three figures have gathered at the very top of this ridge, and you can see two more are lifting boulders. Glancing up, best you can see, and they're about 45 to 50 feet up on this ridge-line. They appear to be larger than normal humans. They are humanoid. You, with your highest perception, glance up and you can see each one has two heads across one set of shoulders. (straining noises) You can certainly try. You guys all see this happening now. Okay. One of the boulders gets loosed; now this one's coming towards the bottom group here as Tiberius, you reach up and do that. Go ahead and roll a strength check, with the strength of the boulder, which I believe is-- (muttering) What's the strength check on this boulder? They're about 45 to 50 feet up on the pathway. All right, so you just roll and add five. Roll and add five to your d20. 15? He rolled a five, even with his strength bonus. He throws the boulder down, the boulder smacks him right back in the face. You can see he just (groans) tips over backward out of visual range, there are now two of them currently visible at the top. All right, so go ahead and make your attack; the rest of you guys get a round. However, at this point in time as you guys are preparing, the second boulder comes crashing down towards the second half. I need Percy, Pike, Grog, and Tiberius to make dexterity saving throws. Dexterity saving throw. Five? Okay. 14 is fine. 15? Okay. All but Tiberius, you guys dodge out the way. Tiberius, who's concentrating on the Telekinesis-- (impact noise) The secondary boulder, unfortunately, connects. You take 12 points of bludgeoning damage. I need you to make a concentration check. Roll a d20. Add five to it. 24? Yeah, you maintain concentration. As it almost knocks you off your side, you manage to (grunts) maintain your focus on the spell; your Telekinesis is still going. Go for it. 16 hits. You go (flying arrow) you loose it and it goes hurtling up the side through the darkness and it finds purchase somewhere in the face of the entity. Go ahead and roll damage. 17, nice. There are two entities currently that are still up. One you can't see because it got the boulder smashed back into its face. You guys just run? Okay. You start bolting forward (heavy steps). You can see the two entities now reach over and grab rocks and start running. They both throw boulders overhead, now arcing, missing the entire ravine trying to get it downward. Your Telekinesis is still going, yeah. One of them rolls down, and it would have impacted except for the Wall of Stone, it hits-- let me see the strength of that-- oh, it rolled a one on its strength. The boulder slams right at the bottom of the ravine, gets even more speed as it ramps up like a bowling ball and slams into the stone wall. The stone wall (impact noise) heaves and cracks, and portions of it fall and collapse, but it does manage to stop the force of that boulder. The second one comes overhead towards you. Go ahead and make a d20 roll and add five to it. 19? Yeah, I rolled an eight. You manage to (straining) catch the boulder. It's just on the cusp of the weight limit you would have on Telekinesis, but you manage to stop it in mid-air and catch it. You're just throwing it off to the side? Okay. It's a heavy boulder and it's a long 50-foot distance away so I'm going to go ahead and have you roll another d20 plus five. 14. You manage to stop it from crushing your party, and you throw it up and it manages to roll up the side, get partway up, and then continue arcing and rolling down. Away from you guys, safely. Skee ball style. You guys keep running. You notice as you're bolting forward, the two entities that are looming reach over and-- Sure, go for it. Okay, go for it. You're spending a grit point? 31. Definitively hits. What does the arm shot do? It's no damage, right? So as it's lifting the boulder, you fire, and it hits the elbow out from under it. Okay. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. So as one of them is lifting a giant boulder-- 23? You're fine. Percy swings around, fires Bad News. That echoes through the entire ravine, (echoing gunshot) acting as a sound focus. You hear it echoing outward from the blast that sends Percy back, but Percy turns around, throws his arm down on the ground, and using the momentum from the blast picks himself up, leaps onto his feet, and continues running in time with the rest of you, a trail of smoke billowing behind him from the barrel of Bad News, which you can see is now glowing with a bit of red warmth, the metal itself heated from the sheer force of the blast. At this time, you look up and see one of the entities with the two heads is lifting a boulder over its head. One of its elbows (gunshot) out from under it (collapsing sound) as it collapses onto its head, and that one also falls out of view as the other one looks back and sets the boulder down. Starts shaking its fists at the air (angry grunting). In Giant? You recognize the echoing voice, it says, "Come back here, food!" But you shout that back at it. It goes, "Hey!" You guys have just charged. At which point, the ravine begins to open into what looks like a-- let me get a little out of this chaos here-- the ravine opens up into a valley. It looks like the top of this mountain range, the top crested area surrounds this valley that slowly descends into the center of this large mountain. You guys have walked up the outside of it. The valley itself is roughly three miles across to the other side of this crested mountain range. Yeah. You notice this valley is actually a settled-in, bowl-like caldera. You realize this particular mountain was once, or possibly still is, an active volcano. As you begin to move in closer, the ground itself becomes more and more jagged, with what looks like broken obsidian rock, sharp volcanic stone and glass. It is a very warm heat that this area tends to give off, and the temperature is now significantly causing you to sweat. Not just from the run, but the severe change in temperature from what you're used to in this area of the continent. The air, now, the burning wooden ash smell is becoming much stronger, and you re-adjust your cloth to cover your mouth. You also, as you begin to push closer and closer towards the center, you begin to see occasional pools of ashy mud dotting the landscape, where sulfurous gas caused the liquid earth to bubble and fume in certain patches. Everyone go ahead and roll perception. (laughing) Okay! Far off in the distance, Keyleth, as the rest of you look at the landscape, you see what looks like a small forest, a very localized forest right in the center of the valley. You can see a cluster of trees that exists about a mile, a mile and a half away from your current position. As you guys continue pushing forward, you start seeing larger stone clusters and formations, almost like a very violent activity were forcing and jutting up portions of stone out of this caldera at some point. Looking at it, it appears that a lot of it appears to be natural, but there are portions that appear to be sculpted or have sections that are cleaved off or taken by possible tools for use of building or other purposes. Obsidian, volcanic rock, which is very porous and light and somewhat brittle in places, and occasionally you see sections of glass, smooth glass that fill pockets across the ground. As you get about half a mile to three-quarters of a mile into this caldera, towards that forest you were seeing in the distance, there is a loud grinding of stone out of nowhere, this (grinding) sound. All of you glance around as suddenly (whooshing) a series of stone walls rise out of the ground, surrounding you. Front, back, side to side, and a fifth one closes the top off. You are now left in complete darkness, imprisoned in what seems to be some sort of a stone cube. As you look around indeed, relatively rough-looking stone walls have completely encapsulated you guys on all five sides. You are all entirely trapped inside the structure about 40 feet high and 40 feet across. Okay. Go ahead and roll a strength check. (laughs) If you want to. You rush up with you mace, as well. So the two of you together slam your weapons into the side of the wall, a portion of the stone cracks a little and chips fall out, but the stone still stands pretty solidly. Where they chipped away, there's still more stone behind. You're not sure how thick these walls are. About a moment later, you see a small red glow appear from a portion of the wall on the opposite side. Red glow, looking like a portion of the stone, about this wide, begins to glow bright red before dripping off molten, leaving a small slit. You can now see through the slit, a few heads appearing as one steps into, eyes, shifting, peering through the small space. "You trespass "into our home. I will ask you once your business before we let the mountain's fury take you." He looks back for a second. Go ahead and make a persuasion roll with advantage. So? With advantage. You guys have all kneeled around her. There is a moment where they all look about themselves. "So, Keyleth of the Air Ashari, you know of our people, you trek up here with a group of strangers "at your sides, welcome weapons at the ready. I ask you, for the Aramente, whom do you call family? "Whom gave you to this world?" The eyes have now moved away from the slot. A moment later, you hear a large (stone crushing), a large impact sound and a voice say, "Stand back!" As you all back away, the front wall of stone that was put up before you, that the eyes were looking through, suddenly (crashing) crumbles into a pile on its own, revealing the caldera before you, once again. There stand about ten individuals, all dressed in what looks like dark brown and black hides and leathers, with sections of what looks like obsidian-tipped weapons, certain arrows are cocked at the ready against the rest of you, and one individual, the one that was speaking to you earlier comes forward. You see all of these people, they are from varying races dwarves, halflings, humans, about three half-elves among them, when an elven man comes forth, and you recognize through the eyes and the tone of voice, this is the one that spoke to you through the slit in the stone. He has no hair. Completely bald of all hair. Tattooed darkness around his eyes and you can see his entire left arm is covered in a long-healed but horrible burn scar. He steps up and gives you a nod of affirmation. "Then you shall tell this to the Flamespeaker. If you are "indeed Ashari, he will know what to do with you. Come with us." Glances back over his shoulder. "Calhoun. But I'm not the one you wish to speak with." He turns around and continues walking back towards the forest. You guys continue walking alongside Keyleth, and as you do, most of the druids flank you to each side, about four of them, with arrows still drawn, walking behind you as you progress. They are still armed and keeping a close eye on you as you travel. Calhoun leads the way and you guys continue traveling for about half an hour or so until eventually you begin to reach an area where you see more of these rock structures, but many of them have been carved out, or a series of stones have been gathered to build small huts and abodes. You can see this is essentially a village built from all the materials that were scavenged from or brought to this caldera to construct Pyrah, the realm of the Fire Ashari. As you move through the town, silence still claims the entirety of the druids that are escorting you, with Calhoun leading the way. You can see other druids begin coming out of their abodes, glancing around and watching you as you approach. No scowls, no smiles, just a general air of indifference amongst them as they carefully watch the strange outsiders stepping through their homestead. You are then led through the village to the outskirts of this forest. Now, the forest you see, as you get closer, all the trees are long dead and petrified. There is not a leaf among them, and most of the wood you see is either gray or black from being charred, burned, or dying over time and being petrified. As you head towards the edge of the forest, Calhoun stops and turns around and just crosses his arms and stares at you. "Sh." At which point, the ground (explosion) shudders and you can see, in the distance, from within the forest almost, you see a large spray of molten rock disappear into the loose canopy of the burned trees before you, some sort of brief volcanic eruption seems to have sprayed out from the center of this cluster of dead trees. About 20 seconds later, you see a shape begin to emerge from the dead forest. Stepping out of the shadows, you see a man standing there. Human, very thick, sturdy build. No shirt, brass-colored bracers, long, billowing pants of a deep maroon color, with gold trim and designs. His skin is very darkened, whether by blood or by sun. He has a very dark complexion to him. His hair is long and jet black. You see his jaw is very square, and his cold black eyes show no emotion as he ignores the rest of you and steps toward Keyleth. (heavy footsteps) He walks right up to you. Now he's looking down at you. He's standing probably a good foot and a half taller. Once again, no emotion, no expression. "You are kin of Vilya, are you?" "I am Cerkonos, the Flamespeaker of Pyrah, the guardian of this rift. Welcome to Pyrah, my "child. I must ask why have you come?" He crosses his arms for a moment. "She did. She completed the trial, the challenges, and moved on to continue her Aramente "about ten or so years back." "She stayed naught but three or four days... and then her journey took her. I'd hoped wherever "she was, she was safe." He seems stern, but honest. His words, genuinely, come from a place of worry and a tinge of regret at the knowledge that he's just received. "Your mother was strong of heart and was very "fierce. She could stir the heart of the mountains themselves with a word. She was very well "respected amongst us." "I hope not." At this moment his face becomes a little darker and he says, "Korren? I "assume he is well?" (laughs) "Well, you come with compatriots. You trust them?" "Do you trust them?" "Good. You'll need trust. You are here to learn, then, for your Aramente. To be tested, yes?" "Then speak what you've learned to seek, what you wish to learn. What do you lack? What "will be your death?" "Then the test begins now, without preparation. Do you also wish to join her in this "task?" TRAVIS and For the first time, you see a smile across his face. Beneath it, you can see the gleaming, white, toothy grin of the man that acknowledges some sort of honor. "Then the trial shall "commence. Come, within Cindergrove." He turns around and heads back into the forest. The rest of the druids have stepped back now. They've left you to your own devices. (explosion) There's another shake of the ground as you see another spray of molten rock, (spraying) and you hear pattering in the distance of the forest. You all move together into the Cindergrove forest, pushing through the hardened, blackened tree trunks to the left and the right of you. The actual floor of the forest, what appears to be piles and piles of burnt-away brush, ash, and whatever else once was considered life amongst the boughs of these trees when they grew there. Eventually, you find your way to the center of the forest, and you can see now the source of these molten rock sprays. There is a large crevasse bisecting the center of the forest, about 35 to 40 feet across and about five feet wide that is a pool of slowly roiling lava. You can see the actual air around it is heavily warped by this intense heat that's being released, and all the trees that are immediately around it are all warped and bent and have been burnt to near lack of recognition. Standing there, amongst the edge of it, is Cerkonos with his arms crossed, trained on you, Keyleth. You see occasionally a couple of bubbles (lava bubbling) in the lava behind him, and even his form is shifting from behind as the air itself ripples and changes. He looks at you and says, "Sit. Focus. Ask permission." Go ahead and make a wisdom check. Roll a d20. Add your wisdom bonus. 27. As you sit down and close your eyes, you begin to focus your mind towards the center of this mountain, the heart of the fire that gives it its life, and as you all watch, a minute passes of silence before suddenly the ground shifts again and you can see the lava begin to grow more and more active, sending off little spittles of rock. You guys begin to see now the lava is shifting and beginning to roil and you're almost afraid it's going to start bubbling over and fill the area, and this nervousness grips your heart. Especially you, Vax, who had previously had some unhappy run-ins with molten rock. It's a genuine fear that you hadn't quite acknowledged since that moment, and you begin to feel really uncomfortable being this close to this opening. As you continue to focus, you hear Cerkonos's voice again, calm and methodical. "Ask permission." I'd like you to go ahead and roll a nature check. 19. (rock scraping) The ground shifts again. You can now watch the lava. Strangely enough, it's beginning to billow upward but not spill over the edges of the crevasse. It's actually slowly circling. You hear this strange sucking sound, almost like sludge is being pulled through a tube, and the lava beginning to slowly spin and spin. Cerkonos is still-- the back of him you can only imagine is either burnt to a crisp by the sheer proximity of the heat, but he is unmoved. "Keyleth of the Air Ashari. Ask permission!" Go ahead and roll one more wisdom check. d20 plus five. This time, with advantage. 18. At this point, you guys notice one final shift of the ground, and the trees actually crack, and you see bits of broken branch and tree begin to fall and hit the ground around you. The air is beginning to pick up, and even though you try and cover your face the ash is still pushing through and your eyes are starting to hurt. You feel suddenly this blockage, this tension, like the mountain was fighting you, give way. And in that moment you (gasps) breathe in and open your eyes, and you all notice that the lava that has been slowly circling now (whoosh) pulls down into a vortex that disappears into the crevasse and is now a spinning whirlpool of molten rock in the crevasse, as Cerkonos still stands there. Cerkonos now steps aside and seems to vanish from your sight in but an instant, his voice lingering in the air, saying, "Now, you may enter." Looking down, you lean over and you can see this slow spiral of molten rock. It seems to disappear 15 to 20 feet below, you cannot see the bottom of it, and when you try and lean forward the heat is so intense that you have to close your eyes; you're forced to. There is a leap of faith here. Which gives you fire resistance? Okay, good to know. And then... Keyleth? You guys watch as Keyleth steps forward and tumbles off the edge, into the vortex of molten rock. (whoosh) She's gone. Make a wisdom saving throw, as this is fighting a very strong fear of yours. Okay. You shrug it off, and the thought of your sister, the thought of Keyleth, the thought of the moments of connection you guys have had, you push through that pain and you leap and swan dive into the vortex. You leap off. Tiberius dives in, as well. All of you guys jump in. You don't need to roll anything. It was only because of his fear he had to. The rest of you leap into this vortex. And Trinket (roaring) leaps in, looking over his shoulder at you like, what have you done?! As you all individually leap through, it's interesting. There's a falling sensation, and then gravity seems to shift. You're facing downward, but you feel gravity begin to pull you to the side, and your feet find purchase on what seems like the lava spiral, but it doesn't burn. You step on it like it's hard rock, shifting slowly beneath your feet, where you have to continuously change your step, like a slowly rotating tunnel you're walking through, and you're walking downward, downward, this way. And you see light before you, very bright light, and you move towards it and move towards it, and your eyes try and focus, and you cover your vision, and eventually you step out of this tunnel and it takes a moment for your eyes to focus, and looking around you, you see a vast barren wasteland of black cinders, embers, and ash, for miles and miles around you. Thin rivers of lava cut across the plains like blood splatter. The wind blows extremely strongly, and the atmosphere is dry and nearly unbearably hot, like the hottest desert you've ever imagined. An intolerably blazing sun is coming to rest near a distant mountain range, but your eyes catch an even more distant danger a black, roiling cinderstorm a few miles off, red lightning flashing within its turbulent ash clouds. It looks to be moving away from you, thankfully, but you do indeed find yourself standing in the center of the Elemental Plane of Fire. A voice echoes from behind you, and you look over your shoulder, and you can see there is a circular doorway still held aloft there, shifting slowly, the vortex you stepped out of still locked in place. A voice says, "Stay together. Follow the footsteps. When "you find the stone spire, there you will find your trial." Right. That was illusion dust, so it's fine. Make another wisdom check. You sense there is a very, very faint comfort in this path, so you know it's been walked before. You're unable to glean anything beyond that, but you know you're on the right path, but your mother's been gone a long time. Surprising you've even caught wind of this type of an essence lingering. It's hard to tell. Make an investigation check. You sense within the mile-- because it's not like blips on a radar, you just generally sense something nearby. In three different directions, elemental presence. Strong elemental presence. You glance up. Very strong elemental presence as all of you can see, about a quarter mile, half mile away, you see there's something drifting in the sky that is burning like a beacon. What did you roll? 16. Glancing about, trying to gather a sense of direction, you look and notice that there's no footsteps. There's no sign of any sort of stepping. The wind that blows through here, and there's a strong wind, and all of you are having to keep your eyes closed and arms up to try and block your vision from the wind. And it is a perpetual difficulty to even just breathe here. Every inhale burns the inside of your lungs. There you go. Tiberius has a big old bottle in his mouth now. Like a magical pacifier, and you've got your mask on, which is helping. It is still very hot here, and under all the armor you're wearing, you immediately break into a very heavy sweat. You notice though that, through your investigation and the connection with your mother and the directional sense, while there are no tracks, there are small pools of lava that progress in a pattern, one that would even resemble footsteps of a giant or some sort of large creature. All right. You guys begin pushing forward, blazing sun bearing down on you, heading towards the direction of these pools of lava, and they scatter a bit, but there is a general direction you are able to follow. What are you doing? You can certainly try. Okay. So you cast Pass Without a Trace on the group. As you do, the magic pools, a bunch of the ashes (whoosh) from the ground surround each of you, and there's this gentle cloud of ash that just tends to drift off your body and perpetually replace itself from the surrounding terrain. It does offer you some blanket of visual obscuring from any sort of high vantage point or distant vantage point. Up close, not so much. I'll have all of you guys roll a stealth check. With a plus ten bonus from the spell. It would, yes. With the disadvantage? Because you have heavy armor on. But you still get the other one, which is still good. (mocking) Oh, I'm such a rogue. What did you get? All right. As you guys continue moving forward, the wind still buffeting you to the side, you hear this (distant animal screeching). You glance in the distance and you can see, flying through the sky, a very, very large, ancient even, red-scaled draconic beast. For those who are familiar with the training, the Elemental Plane of Fire does seem to be a very prominent home to such dragons as the red. You guys notice this and stop in place and keep low. As time passes, eventually it moves past, heading towards the distant mountain range. Thank god you cast that spell. You wait a little while, until it's out of sight and beyond your vision. You keep pushing forward another 20 to 30 minutes or so through this hellish landscape. The heat is starting to get to you guys. I need everyone to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. I'll say, give you advantage for this. Not for heat. This is the general atmospheric heat. You all are feeling the heat starting to get to you, but currently it doesn't seem to be fully affecting you; you get the feeling the longer you stay here, the more it's going to have an effect on you. However, you're still pushing through without a problem. You push on for another ten minutes or so before you come across a few more of these streams of lava, and there, about 20 to 30 feet ahead of you, you see a single stone obelisk that rises out of the ground about 15 feet up, and towards the top you see embedded in it a single, mildly glowing, what looks like a fist- or heart-sized ruby that is embedded into it like a beacon, or a small fiery lighthouse in the center of this open plain. All right. As you guys approach, stepping towards the obelisk, around the back of it, make a perception check. All right. So. As you begin to step forward, you instinctively stop as you see figures step out from behind the spire. Three normal humans-- in fact, immediately you recognize stepping from behind it is Cerkonos and two of the other druids that you had accompany you into this. Cerkonos walks towards you, arms still crossed, in front of the spire. You see his wind being blown to the side from the sheer force of the heated winds that are blowing through this barren landscape. He looks about the rest of you. "You've done well. But there is not much time." And he looks off to the side, and you can now see the cinderstorm that was once heading away has changed course and is now making its way in the direction of you and the spire. You can see it's probably about a half a mile to a quarter mile off, and you can see the red arcing bolts of energy floating through it, and it's starting to darken the landscape beneath it. "Show me what it is you've learned." And with that, the form of all three druids suddenly burst into flames and grow in size, Cerkonos becoming astronomically large for even the elementals you've encountered. Everybody roll initiative. (groaning) Broken, ruined walls that appear from the landscape. I need... some initiative scores from you guys. All right. So we have 25 to 20? 20 to 15? You had 19? All right. 15 to ten? All right, 15, Tiberius. All right. Ten to five? ASHLEY and All right, who's left? Top of the round, Cerkonos in his oversized fire elemental form darts forward towards the center (flame sounds). An unnatural pace of movement as the flames seem to flicker and dart and reform at the foot of the rest of the group, at which point he brings his arms in and (roaring flame) releases a torrent of flame that bursts out in a 20-foot radius from him, catching all of you. Poison, disease, and fright. All right. I need everyone to roll a dexterity saving throw. All right. So. Percy, what did you roll? 15. Natural one. All right. I need everyone who rolled a 16 or higher, raise your hand. Okay, so only Percy and Tiberius. All of you guys take 13 points of fire damage. Yep, who rolled high. 13 points of fire damage from the blast outward. Tiberius and Percy, you both take 25 points of fire damage-- You take half, because of fire resistance. 25, and you are both set on fire as all of a sudden your clothing and armor (whoosh) burst into flames, and you are considered burning. You take an action to put yourself out. You have to basically take your action, your whole turn, trying to put the flames out. That ends Cerkonos's turn. Vax, you're up. Did you roll for Trinket, as well? Go ahead and roll Trinket's roll. So you move up over here? What did Trinket make? You're behind? Trinket takes 13 points of fire damage. 22 on the first? That hits. 13 misses, yep. 19 does hit. Nine damage. Okay. As you (whoosh) swing up, you hit him with the first dagger, strike and miss with the second, and the third one you slam up into its flaming torso, finding some sort of physical purchase and slicing through. However, with each hit, the fire that bursts back burns you. The first hit you take three points of fire damage, second hit deals six points of fire damage to you from hitting it with a melee attack. Total of nine points of fire damage. That ends your turn, Vax. Vex, you're up. No, he does not have that far of a reach. There you go. He is Hunter's Marked. Correct. He has three of them currently surrounding him. Go for it. 25 hits. Plus Hunter's Mark damage? Go for it. 13 points of damage. All right, so as you come around the wall, release your arrow. As it goes through the air, you can see the wood splinter into a bunch of thorny wood protrusions. It slams into the elemental, which then bursts into the side, you can see its form (whoosh), open up from the inside, and then (contracting sound), reform into an elemental, as the rest of the thorns shoot out, (thorns impacting) hitting the side of the stone pillar to the side of it. Okay. So it's a bonus action to do the spell, and then it's first attack hit, boom, second attack. So dice times two. So two damage plus your bonus, plus your Hunter's Mark. Unless Hunter's Mark's once per turn; let me check. 14 total? All righty. That ends your turn. Tiberius, you're up. Beginning of your turn, you take five points-- actually, no. You take eight points of fire damage, reduced by four, for being on fire. All right. So you took your four damage from the fire. You pull out the scroll. First, you need to roll to see if you can do the scroll properly, so go ahead and roll a d20, and add your plus five. 22, yeah. Not a problem. You take the spell, you pull out the scroll, read it, and the scroll itself you can see is starting to burn on its own just being pulled out in the heated atmosphere that is this Plane of Fire, but before it can burn entirely, you finish the spell. It disappears in a flash of light and ash, and then Blight goes and takes effect. I will say, because the Blight spell is a scroll, you cannot use metamagic. It's magic from your bloodstream is what gives you that ability. What's the DC on that? 17. Constitution. Rolled a 16, so no. Does not make it. (cheering) True, but still spells that you've cast from yourself. The metamagic is how you enhance it as you cast it out of yourself. If it's from a scroll-- 25 damage. Good to know. Boom. You can see as you finish the scroll reading, some of the flames seem to die down and part of its physical form has a hard time keeping itself in one solid place. Parts of it flicker, and then it (growls) angrily pushes through. You're right here. Over there? There? Okay. Cool. All righty. That brings us to these guys' turn. (flames) Right there. Going to move up towards Percy. Coming around the side, is going to make two touch attacks against you, Percy. That is a 13. And that is a 25, with a 19. Definitely hits, okay. You take 13 points of fire damage, and you are still on fire, so it does not reignite you. You are just on fire in general. That ends its turn. The other one, however, rushes up and it's doing a touch attack against Keyleth and Vex. Vax, I mean. Sorry. Versus Keyleth, that is a 16 versus armor class? That's going to be a 20 versus you. All right. Vax, you take 12 points of fire damage, and your cloak bursts into flame. As you're like, shit, now the fire's crawling up around you. That brings us to Percy and Pike's turn. Percy, what are you doing? Beginning of your turn, you take ten points of fire damage. He would get an attack of opportunity on you if you ran, yeah, but also ranged attacks at point blank are at disadvantage, too. Okay. So you're running which way? Over here? Okay. The elemental reaches and strikes. That is a 21. You take 12 points of fire damage as it just swings out and hits you in the back. You feel the flames now licking beneath your armor. You're sweating profusely and you feel the burn marks as the skin begins to boil and crack beneath the armor. That would be over here. That ends Percy's turn. Pike, what you got? Correct. You have half damage from fire. All righty. Go ahead and roll your Guiding Bolt attack. Against which guy? These three here are visible. Big guy right there? Okay. Go ahead and roll your attack. You add your spell attack modifier to it. All right. 15 does hit, yes. That's 4d6 radiant damage, and the next attack against it has advantage. 11 points of damage, all righty. Good to know. Well done. That's your turn. Do you wish to move anywhere, or are you going to stay where you are, Pike? As a level 3? So add an additional 2d6 to it. Cool, gotcha. All right. You want to move or you going to stay where you are, Pike? You're right here. All right. Keyleth, you're up. Grog, you're on deck. Okay. All righty. Dex? He rolls a three. (cheering) Correct. All right. Go ahead and roll damage. 16 damage, nice. And he is grappled, currently, as you are swirling around him as this vortex of water. As you hit for the attack, you do take six points of fire damage from being in the midst of that flame. Water susceptibility, essentially, he takes one point of cold damage on top of that, and if he tries to moves away from you, he moves slower. However, because it is a fire elemental, it is immune to being grappled. Because it is just fire, you can't really grab around it. And it is uncomfortable being in this plane as a water elemental, but you're pushing through it. That was six damage. Which should be halved, because you have the resistance still on you, so that's three damage to you... You also entered its space, so you also are on fire. Strangely enough, you are a water elemental that's caught fire. It's strange. The water is steaming, and the flames are having a hard time rolling. I'm going to say... I'm going to say you can't. That's stupid. A water elemental is not going to catch fire. That makes no sense. I'm going to say, for the sake of this battle, you are immune to being set on fire. Fucking water elemental. All right, that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. So you're going into full frenzied rage. Certainly. Three strikes at him. 24 hits. Hits. Hits. Damage on all three. 11 damage. 19 damage. 12 damage. Great. You strike in, axe swinging through. It's interesting, because you're not hitting physical matter, your axe just swings through, but you can feel the resistance as it's carving through whatever magical essence is holding this elemental together. Each hit, though, the flames shoot out of where you wound it and blast across your arm and your hand, burning you. You take ten damage from the first strike, eight damage-- and because this is magical, it's not reduced. So that's 18, plus another ten. 28 total points of fire damage from striking at it. All right. That ends your turn, Grog. Up to the top of the round, that's now come to Cerkonos. Cerkonos is going to stay right where it is. It's going to go ahead and make three melee touch attacks. It's going to be... probably going to be one against each of you, actually. So against Keyleth, that is a 24 to hit? So that would be 12 points of fire damage, reduced to six because of your spell, but you're not ignited. It's doing an attack against each of you. It's just reaching out. Cocked dice. That is 18 against you? All right. You take nine points of fire damage. And against Grog, that is a natural 20. (groaning) 22 points of fire damage, and you are set on fire. Currently, but the flames are licking up the sides of your shoulders. Cerkonos is going to stay there, just taking you all on at once. That brings us to Vax. To start your turn, you take nine points of fire damage. It's not an attack. You have a bonus action and an action. So you can disengage and then move, then you have your action. Four, five, six. That'll put you right there. Okay, you use your action to put out the flame. The cloak's fine. It's a little burnt, but it's okay. The flames are gone now. You're no longer taking fire damage. That's your turn. Vex, you're up. All righty. All righty, so that one right there? All right, that hits. No. The arrow is no longer there; it is now just a bolt of lightning halfway through the arc. 4d8 damage. All righty. Grog, go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. 18? No. What's your spell DC? Okay, yeah. So he makes the save, go ahead and roll 2d8, and he takes half damage. Within ten feet of it. Every creature within ten feet of it. You take two points of lightning damage as (flicker) part of the lightning arrow arcs off and tickles your shoulder. You barely even notice, you're raged out and focused on him. Did Hunter's Mark damage on the last one, right? Nice. So it's now bleeding. Interesting thing about this. I will consider bleeding as part of its conditional immunities, because it does not have blood. It is a flaming elemental. But it still took damage. You can see now, the flames of this are starting to flicker a little bit; it's having hard time keeping itself cohesive. Yeah. That ends your turn, do you want to move anywhere, you staying there? That's as far as you can get with your run right now, unfortunately. Okay, that ends your turn. Tiberius, you're up. Hit all three of these guys? What's the arc on that one? 30-foot arc? Okay, you can get these two. You'd have to get into melee with this to hit all three, which would be disadvantage if it's an attack roll. So what's the saving throw? Dex? 17 dex. Okay, go ahead and roll damage, and it's half damage for that, right? 35. Okay. Keyleth and Grog also make dexterity saving throws. Two. Fails on Cerkonos. That is a natural 17 for the fire elemental, though; it takes half damage there. So what's the total on there? Oh, disadvantage. Natural 20. Sorry. Well, it still takes half damage. This elemental, you notice its form suddenly (cracking) freeze into ice, and then shatter. (cheering) What'd you roll? With disadvantage on the saving throw, guys, by the way. Both of you guys take 35 points of cold damage. Cerkonos also takes 35 points of cold damage. All right, cool. That's Tiberius's turn. This druid is going to go ahead and is going to transform into an eagle and head back in the path from where you guys came from. This guy is going to move in there and is going to make two strikes against you, Pike. Natural 20. And that's a natural 18, plus six is 24. Welcome back. (laughter) That's a natural 18 plus six on top of that. Seven times two, that's 14 plus three. Take 17 points of fire damage from the first strike. The second one does... so 14 from both, so total of 28 points of fire damage, and you are ignited. All of a sudden, your armor heats up and you see flames begin to lick up through the different sections of the plate, and the fire elemental is harrying right on top of you. And with that, it's Percy and Pike's turn. Well, Percy, at the top of your turn-- actually, you both take-- That's right! Take 14 points of fire damage. You also take what would be four is now two, so a total of 16 points of fire damage. As the actual protective energies of the Frost Brand gives this layer of cold across your armor and reduces the impact. You're still on fire, but the fire is doing less damage to you physically as the cold is counteracting it. Cool. Percy, what are you doing? Okay, go ahead and roll the check on that, if you could. You just barely make it. The gun is not broken. As you spin, you go to fire, and something about the trajectory of the bullet is off, and as you release the trigger, all of a sudden the whole front of the barrel (cracking) encases in ice, and you're like, crap! And you have to chisel the ice off. Well, it takes an action to try and-- Then yes, you're able to do that. Then it takes an action to fix it, that's what it is. Yeah, it's an action to fix a broken gun. 20 does hit, yes. Seven points of damage. Sometimes it works out that way. All right. Cannot use your attack again until an action. It is an action. It's an action to repair, and then if it breaks, you cannot use it until you're out of combat. It didn't break. It jammed, and then it managed to alleviate that. No worries. That's the downside of the firearms. So no damage, you don't get your second attack off as you take your full action. Cool, so that ends Percy's turn. Pike, what are you doing? You'll not be able to get to him. You could with your Sprinter's Boots, yeah. All right, so (whoosh). You get by there. The fire elemental does get an attack of opportunity on you. And that is a 17 to hit. Armor class is 20, so as it reaches towards you it just streaks off your armor (impact). The flames heat one of the plates below but you manage to pull out before it can actually find any real aggressive attack on you. So as Pike rushes up to you and touches you on the side of your waist, as you feel all your wounds and burn marks tend to subside and heal up instantaneously. That ends Pike's turn. Keyleth, you're up. All right, go for it. 18 also hits. 23 points of damage. Your attacks in this form are considered magical, correct? So yeah, it doesn't do half damage. It's full damage, because normally it would have resistance to bludgeoning. But because of your magical weapons, because you're a crazy druid, full 23 points of damage. As all of a sudden the elemental form starts slamming him with these giant tidal wave-like fists-- There you go. (wham, wham) You can see, steam is starting to billow off of Cerkonos's elemental form. They're both in this crazy tidal, epic elemental throw down. This is WWE style. Are you going to stay where you are? All right. That ends Keyleth's turn. Grog, you're up. As soon as you dart off to the side, he'll get a strike on you. Go for it. Three strikes against Cerkonos. Hits. Hits. All three hit. 19. (whacks) Once again, streaking into him, mouth open (roars). The foam that would normally be gathering at the side of your mouth though is just this dried crust on the side, because there's just all this heat in the air. With each yell, as you close your mouth, you can taste the ash that is coalesced on the back of your tongue, it's this terrible smell. It would bother you if you weren't so focused in your furied rage in this vicinity. However, you do take three points of fire damage, two points of fire damage, and ten. So a total of 15 points of fire damage from striking at it with your axe as the fire blows back onto you. Also, at the top of your turn because you were on fire, you took another eight points of fire damage from the flames burning and licking up your shoulders. You smell the scent of burning hair reach your nostrils. That ends Grog's turn. Hold on, that your turn? At the top, Cerkonos is going to angrily now go into three more attacks. One against Keyleth, two against Grog, because Grog's starting to look a little rough, and the flames are affecting him more than it's affecting Keyleth. He turns to slam you twice. That is a 26? Nine plus eight. That is a 17? 19 plus eight, that's a 27. I'm sorry, that one's against Keyleth. So one hits you, one misses, and the last one was 27 versus you. So you take 11 points of fire damage from the strike. You take ten points, reduce that to five. So you take five points of fire damage. That is Cerkonos's turn. That brings us to Vax. 18 hits. Hits. Just the dice roll. All right, so. (whoosh, whoosh, whoosh) You're launching the daggers out and it's difficult to focus on, because there is currently this swirl of water and flame that is going around. As your third dagger hits you can see the elemental form shrinks, and the water elemental that is Keyleth absorbs what you see now, Cerkonos in human druid form now, floating aloft in the center of Keyleth as an elemental. (static) Take that, microphone. Sorry, guys. (impact) And is that your turn? Okay. Vex. All right, go for it. No. All right. Hunter's Mark is a bonus action. Okay. 15? That does hit. All righty. As you come around the corner, releasing the arrow, it slams into the side of the elemental, bursts into it, you can see the splinters shooting throughout its form, sending out all these little fiery sparks as all the thorns burst into flames from the contact with the body, which then diminish and burn away into ash in the middle of the air. What was that? 13 just hits. (cheering) 20, all right. (impact) The arrow hits and then bursts and gets caught into its form before it eventually gets expelled, it is just this tiny flaming shaft. That ends your turn? All righty. That brings us to Tiberius. At the top of your turn, you take ten points of fire damage, reduced to five, from the flames that are burning on your body. Currently, the elemental is just in the middle of-- it's just an amorphous flaming mass. Okay. For its saving throw, it rolls an 18. What's your DC on that? So half damage. Go ahead and roll for the targeted blast. 32 points of ice damage reduced to half, because of that, so it takes 16 points of ice damage and would be grappled, if it wasn't immune to being grappled. As the ice encases around it, its fire form flicks out from underneath the ice and keeps itself fluid and moving. And with that, Tiberius, you gather the fire off of your body-- I'll say you are no longer on fire, as your Control Flame has pulled the fire from your torso and you're now just tossing it around in the middle of the Elemental Plane of Fire. The elemental's turn. It turns angrily towards you, trying to shoot it constantly with the ice blast. Rushes forward (whoosh) with immediate speed, darts up in front of you, attacking twice. That is a two, so that misses. That's a total of eight. And 19? 19. Gunslinger's dodge? All righty. As it swipes out for you, you spend your grit point to dodge out of the way, slow-mo. The giant flaming hand streaks past you. What bit of scruff you had on your chin is now slowly withered away and burned into evaporated air. It's pretty rough. That ends its turn. Percy and Pike? You immediately have your action. So three attacks at disadvantage. Hits. Second one? Hits. Third one? So three shots against it. 35 points of damage. (gunshots) As each one blasts through, the elemental form shimmers, and you can see now the druid left there in its space. Lands on its knees, looks up at you, and gives you a quick little smile. At this point, you guys hear (roaring flames) this rolling, crumbling, angry, fiery sound as you glance over and you can see the cinderstorm is nearly upon you at this point in time. At this juncture, you guys can continue to fight if you want to, but you can see Cerkonos is looking over and looks at the rest of you. "We should go. Now." TRAVIS and As he touches down, he immediately (poof) turns into a giant eagle, swoops and grabs you, Pike, (gripping sound) and heads towards the exit. Okay. What's the speed on it? Okay, so same speed as you normally would be. All right, so. As you guys begin charging back in the direction you came from, dodging the lava pools as you come, the cinderstorm begins rolling in and you can see it's a full like-- you know that scene in the Mad Max movie? Looks like that, and it's pouring into the path you guys are running. You get about halfway there, about ten minutes into this run before the heat grows so intense that you can feel it now burning at the side of the face. Okay. That helps a little bit and gives you guys a little more leeway as you're pushing forward. The storm blows over you entirely, and darkness comes in. It feels like you're in the center of a cloud. There is light, somewhat, but your vision is obscured about five feet ahead of you and you think you're heading in the right direction towards the portal. You can see roughly, as Cerkonos is carrying you through the storm, I need everyone to go ahead and make a constitution check. You currently are being held aloft, and you can't see the rest of your party, unfortunately. You can ask him to drop you, if you want. You guys keep pushing forward. For you guys, the sheer amount of heated ash that is starting to pour into your lungs, even though Keyleth is keeping a tunnel ahead of you-- All of you suffer ten points of fire damage. You can, yes. Okay. You don't know. LAURA and Okay. You shrug off that damage. You don't heal past it, you just shrug off that damage. So you take no damage from that. So. As you guys are racing forward, the storm is still blowing and you can hear Cerkonos shouting as a hawk, adding this beacon of noise as you guys are trying to follow suit. Since you're leading the way, Keyleth, I want you to go ahead and make a survival check. I'll give you advantage on this survival check. Go for it. 24. You're able to keep a focused direction on both where Cerkonos is going and keeping a connection to where that portal was you guys stepped through to get to this elemental plane. As you're pushing forward, you find yourself not getting lost in this darkened storm, thankfully. Slowly ahead of you, Keyleth, you see what looks like the slowly rotating portal that you guys stepped through. Everyone once again make a constitution save. All right. Everyone below a 15, you take 12 points of fire damage as the fumes come into your lungs. The wind tunnel is helping reduce the DC of the roll to a certain extent, but this is a very dangerous storm to be in. Essentially, every minute that passes that you're in it-- You need a short rest to get there. You guys make your way to the outskirts of the portal and you leap through, as one by one, you all jump into this portal, the druids following behind. The sense of falling becomes this jettison motion as you are shoved and thrown into the air, out of the portal, and landing about 15 feet, 20 feet from the fall. I need all of you guys to make an acrobatics check. It's a skill check. So. Grog? All right. Percy, Tiberius, Vax, and Grog all take three points of damage from the fall. (whack) You've hit the ground around this open lava crevasse, smacking onto the ground, looking up into the air, catching your first gasp of relatively clean air, comparatively to where you just were. You hear with a rumbling sound, the lava spiral begins to close off (sucking sound). ASHLEY Mass Cure Wounds? 33. Oh, you guys managed to catch yourself, and don't take any damage as you land on your feet. Oh, you rolled a one? Oh, I thought you rolled a one. I'm sorry. You take the three damage. That is true. As the lava vortex closes, you can see the cinderstorm that's been billowing out like a giant stack of black smoke and burning embers slowly fades away, the portal closing off entirely. As the molten rock pool comes to rest, Cerkonos is now standing out, covered in soot like the rest of you, and he steps forward and releases his hand out towards Keyleth, as you're sitting on the ground from the fall. Lifts you up to your feet. Looks you in the eye. "You. You have the blessing "of the Pyrah behind you." "Go forth and continue your Aramente knowing we acknowledge your wisdom and ability." He reaches his hand out and clasps it. Lifts you to your feet. At this point he turns and nods to one of the nearby druids. The druid steps forward, presenting a black orb about that big of blackened rock that has red veins of pulsing energy arcing through it like a bolt of lightning locked in a single moment in time. "This is a spark stone, rare within the realm you just "escaped. We've harvested but a handful over generations, and few have returned with them. This "one is yours, Keyleth. To use yourself, or bequeath to an ally. When crushed by the hands of "one, their fists shall burn with the fury of an efreet." "For as long as you wish." "The choice is yours, who this blessing is given." "Well. You're welcome to stay as long as you wish before you must continue on your journey." At which point, water begins spewing forth from this vial that Tiberius has. (spraying) All this steam is rising up as it hits the ground, the heat from the vicinity-- The other druids step forward, looking a little thirsty themselves. It's a magical source of water, where they have to toil to bring it to their location. They all take out their cups and fill from it. You all drink. They take the small cups they have off to the side, they cheer to you, eventually leading you out of the Cindergrove. You guys break your way towards the druidic village on the outskirts of the forest. Cerkonos gives a nod, rubs his shoulder. "I am to tend to the wounds of "my helpers in your test. Do as you see fit. Leave when you feel comfortable. And good luck." "Kaitiake, princess." And he turns around and steps back towards the forest. We'll say for the sake of brevity, as it is getting rather late, and which for all of you guys watching, consider this lengthy episode a gift for the fact that we won't be doing this next week because some of us will be out of town. But you rest for a bit. You eventually find your way back down to the base of the mountain range. Your horses have not been touched, although they are a little hungry. An uneventful journey, make your way back to Vasselheim, where over the past six or seven days of travel, Pike, you come to find the curse has been lifted from the temple of Sarenrae, and your followers, as they are now calling themselves, though you had not expected to become this beacon of light to these worshipers who had no central focus or entity to guide them in their worship, you've become a very important figure to them, and they welcome your return to the temple. Then talk to the producers of Blindspot. Pike turns and returns towards the excavation of the long-lost temple of Sarenrae, you all give her-- And Keyleth, you have the boon of the spark stone to gift to whoever or whatever you see fit. Best you can ascertain, looking at it, is once the stone is crushed, the hands of whatever creature crushes it become bequeathed with the flame of the elemental plane itself. You can keep tabs on it. It doesn't affect a weapon if you're holding it. It's only physical attacks like punches, claws, anything like that are affected by the flame. Yeah. So an animal form of yours, Trinket, anyone like that would have flames on their forearms. Go ahead and mark Spark Stone in your inventory. And with that, as it is 1130, we're going to go ahead and bring this-- (laughs) Bring this session to a close, thank you guys for your patience. Thank you crew for your patience. Wanted to give Ashley a proper send-off and bring the conclusion to this chapter of the Aramente for Keyleth. Well done on your first brief journey to the harsh landscape that is the Elemental Plane of Fire. Just a reminder guys, me and Marisha will be out of town next week. There will be no Critical Role. We'll have members here that will be still here to stream and play games and answer questions and all kinds of stuff they'll have planned, I'm sure. That's awesome. And some of you guys are going to be at-- That's going to be fun.