Hello everyone. My name is Matthew Mercer, voice actor and Dungeon Master for Critical Role on Geek & Sundry, where I take a bunch of other voice actors and run them through a fantastical fantasy adventure through the world of Dungeons & Dragons. We play every Thursday at 700pm Pacific Standard Time on Geek & Sundry's Twitch stream. Please come watch us live if you have the opportunity. Back episodes and future episodes will be uploaded on the Geek & Sundry website. You can also check them out there. In the meantime, enjoy! Hey guys, welcome back. To give you a little heads up, we are playing the 5th edition of Dungeons & Dragons. We recently converted over from Pathfinder, for those who play Pathfinder. One of our players was a gunslinger, for which there are no rules for in 5th edition. So I had to create and customize those for the game, so bear with us on that. That will be an interesting ride, regardless. We do have an eight-player game we've been playing for two years, which is a little crazy, which is why we go a little loose with the rules. It's a great group, it's a lot of fun. Not everyone can make every game, so we have enough players to definitely pull a party each time. Okay, audio bottleneck. That's okay. Just a second. You let us know when it's okay to talk. Are we all right? And how are we? Exterminate. Exterminate. Is the mic adjusted? Is it any better? Well, great. Thank you guys. A couple of things transitioned from Pathfinder to 5th edition may be a little strange and fun. We have a lot of players, but they're great folks and most of that just means I have to work really hard to make sure the game keeps going, so that's on me. Ashley Johnson, unfortunately, cannot join us. She's our gnome cleric, Pike. She'll be here next week. Unfortunately, she's in London accepting a BAFTA, so I think we're okay. For the Last of Us. That's harsh. Also no donations this week, but going forward we will have donations available for those that will help partially run the show from our wonderful cameraman and crew. Also, half of our donations will go to the 826 charity. Marisha, if you want to talk a little about that. Yes. Also, as a heads up because I saw some of you guys ask me in the chatroom These videos will be available on the Geek & Sundry YouTube Channel soon enough, as well as a more extensive backstory of the party. We'll have all that content ready for you so you don't have to memorize it. Maybe a bio page, I don't know. We'll figure something out. It'll be fine. Anyway, let's open that up. You know who I am. Matthew Mercer, voice actor and I've been running this game for two years. I'm a hardcore nerd. Let's go around the table and introduce our players so you can attach the faces to the intros you just saw. Let's start on this side with Travis. The ranger with the bear. No, you're elven. Half-elf. Okay. Orion. ORION and Let Orion have his moment. Don't try and break-- There you go. All right. Dragonborn sorcerer. All right! Let's jump on in. Thank you. Last we left off, to give you a little backstory. The party had completed a large venture in saving the nearby city of Emon. One of the central capitals of this human civilization of Tal'Dorei. They managed to halt a demonic insurrection within the throne and as such were greeted to a hero's celebration and had a keep built in their honor. Over the six month period of the keep being constructed, they went their own ways and then returned to see its final creation. However, they did not have a chance to really enjoy it immediately as one of their good friends and allies, Arcanist Allura Vysoren of the Tal'Dorei council came to them requesting their aid saying that a long time friend of hers, Lady Kima of Vord, who is a very well known and very well respected halfling paladin of Bahamut, the Platinum Dragon, had been gone on a pilgrimage for a while, essentially a vision quest that is part of her own development as a paladin. As part of this, she let the information go to Allura that a dark vision had come to her saying that some sort of evil root is beginning to breed beneath Kraghammer and the mountains within Kraghammer, which is the nearby dwarven civilization that you guys have previously not been allowed entry to because the dwarves weren't fans of nobody without any political means of entry. However, she managed to acquire the necessary documentation and offered you a very substantial reward should you find the whereabouts of Lady Kima of Vord and hopefully bring her back safely. You left on the pathway to the dwarven citadel of Kraghammer. You were ambushed by a group of roaming barbarian goliaths. Part way through the battle, Grog managed to recognize one of them as a previous ally and no longer an ally at this time. Yep, the barbarian for his first and only time so far managed to avert battle through a social encounter and rolled pretty damn well on a persuasion check. So you got one. You get one. You got your one. Never again. Yeah. Essentially. Which managed to not turn it into complete bloodshed. You continued on your way to Kraghammer, presented your paperwork, were given entry into the city and that is where we begin this adventure. In the city of Kraghammer. Yeah, you were talking to the front guards at the gate of Kraghammer. They have begrudgingly let you inside. Giving you a couple of pointers little prods and sent you into the city proper. You made your way through the darkened alleyways and stone carved tunnel that leads into the main, central portion of the city proper. An enormous underground metropolis sprawls out before you. The dark earth and shadows creating beautiful stone work, marble columns, archways, and labyrinthine bridges climbing across the vertical cityscape. All warmed with the red glow of some strange, crimson rock peppered throughout the town as a light source. A large metal forge envelops the center of this cylindrical city. The entire is a three-tiered cylindrical city that is built into the ground of the mountain itself. Welcome to Kraghammer! No, Allura got your paperwork so you were actually able to get in this time. Pike speaks Dwarvish and she's not here. The only other bit of information you have about the whereabouts of her is that she came here to go into the mine Apparently, a mithral mine where this evil is supposedly brewing. You heard that the one person who owns the biggest part of the mithral market here cornering, his name was the dwarven Lord Nostoc Greyspine. That was the only name you had in regards to this deep earth quarry. Greyspine, correct. Oh, there are many! As you finish this conversation you look about there are two guards posted nearby wearing dark crimson and brass chest plates that have a uniform scar carved across the front. It's actually built into the armor itself as a design. They're both staring awkwardly at all of you arguing in the middle of this entry thoroughfare of Kraghammer. One dwarf shouts over to another one, "You hear that, Jepson?! They're looking for a place to "stay." "Aye, I heard that right. It's about time we had some new folk in town. Well, if you're "looking for a place to stay I'd say your best bet would be the Pig Pits." "Yes! Certainly! The Pig Pits." "Ask for the Pig Pits--" "What?! No! Not at all." This is all in Common, yeah. "Pig Pits are that way." He points over the edge and you see down past the central forge structure in the city to the very bottom nearby a large temple that envelops the bottom floor of Kraghammer proper there is indeed a distant slop of mud where internal livestock are being kept. "It's good to see that at least one of you speaks Dwarvish." Takes the coin, kinks it in his teeth and goes, "All right, now if you're looking for a proper place to stay you're going to look "for the Iron Hearth Tavern. That is to your left up that way no more than a half mile. Keep an eye "out. Listen for the laughter and the people who are very drunk. That's your best bet." "No worries." "Well, thank you kindly." It's a feat she took. You progress to the western side of the Kraghammer rotation as you curl around the central platform. Making your way eventually to the outside of this rather large, central tavern inn. As you walk in, you can hear music playing, you can hear laughter and boastful cheer, you can hear some arguments in the distance. You can hear it from a good two or three buildings away. This is definitely a central social environment here in Kraghammer. As you walk inside, you-- Let me get some proper tavern music here for you. You hear some loud boisterous (hearty dwarven laughter), some drinks being clinked together. As you walk in, the first thing that catches you is the scent of stale alcohol and smoked wood of some kind. There are tables, most of them in decent condition, some of them half-broken and repaired, probably from some previous encounter in the bar. In the center of the room, there looks to be a not currently in use, specifically built brawling circle. It's about 30 feet by 20 feet. It's more of an oval. It's not in use, currently. Essentially. The ceiling actually is considered vaulted ceiling for dwarves so it runs at about seven feet. For Grog, it's uncomfortable, almost scratching your head across the top. As you enter, about seven or eight of the nearby dwarves at the front door go, (hearty laughter). They look immediately at the ragtag non-dwarven group that just stumbled into the center of the tavern. "It's not very often we get someone with that kind of a mug on you. Let me buy you a drink, come "sit down!" Both tables next to the table they're at are completely filled with dwarves. The music stops. The conversation stops. All dwarven eyes turn to the table and they all turn to a single dwarven woman in the back who's behind one of the bars, who has a towel over one arm. She's looking around, she's staring confused at you and all eyes are on her, and she goes, "Well, "it's about time someone around here had some generosity! Certainly, pay upfront. Drinks all "around on this half-elven gentleman." "No worries, Adra's got your back, be right back." She wanders off to the back room, comes back and starts pouring stein after stein after stein of ale. You do notice she is definitely the head of this tavern and all of her barkeeps are male and seem to be worked rather ragged. "Adra. Yeah?" "Adra." "That's right I do!" "Of course. Patrons that come and drop coin like that are welcome any time." She reaches below and pulls out a big tome and starts thumbing through it. "You know, "actually we have openings right now on the second floor." "Do you need them side by side?" "We could pull him there and push him into room seven." "Giles!" One of the dwarf barmaiders comes over. "Aye?" "Get Stepheson out of his room, move "him to the third floor. We have to open a block for our new guests." "Ugh, fine." The older dwarf stumbles his way up the stairs begrudgingly. "Right, so I can get a room for each of you. We're "looking at eight rooms separately, that will run you per evening about 25 gold pieces. Does that sound about right?" "25 total pieces." She visibly deflates a little bit and is like, "All right, fair enough. Five rooms it is. 15 gold per room." "How long do you expect to stay?" "Right! Well how bout we pay the week in advance and I'll give you a discount?" "Let's say, 100 gold for the week, all five rooms." "Ah! Great!" She pulls back and pulls some keys out and hands them to the rest of you. Hands you some paperwork, shows you which rooms are yours and says, "You're welcome to stay all you "like, ask questions, hang about. Just make sure you don't do anything stupid near the Carvers." "The Carvers, the Carvers!" "The Carvers!" "Is this your first time in Kraghammer?" "The Carvers are the guard that run this city. They're the ones that keep the law." "Yes, the armor, the Carvers!" She leans back and as you reveal the rather gnarled scar on your chest. She reels back a bit and two of the nearby dwarves go, "Yeah!" They chug down their drinks. They start showing their scars and are like, "Oh no! I got this one from an iron bolt!" They start talking about different creatures they fought. "All right. Well, the Carvers are a bit of "a-- how do I put it? A military class in this city. They run a very tight ship on the streets, "so be careful." She thinks to herself and goes, "There was a halfling woman, but she was staying at the "Firebrook Inn." "The bottom floor, for a couple of weeks. There was talk about her. She got in a few fights "herself. The one with the silver armor? That one? Yeah, she was a firebrand if ever I saw one. Right up my alley, I like that one." "Oh, she went through a few weeks. I haven't seen her recently." She turns the barrel that she has on the table towards you a little bit and you can see the actual symbol, this burned image on the side that says, "Balgus Brewery." She goes, "That'll be Balgus. The one "that supplies us with what you're drinking. He's the undefeated champion. But I don't think he's "quite right to fight at the moment." She points towards the very edge of the bar and you see one older grizzled dwarf, long gray hair pulled into straight braids in the back, big bushy beard that's all shoved up into his face because he's asleep, drunk as a skunk, on the edge of the bar. "You said Greyspine?" "Which Greyspine?" "Nostoc Greyspine. He's definitely a business type one." "The friendlier of the types would probably be the head of House Greyspine." "Oh, well there's probably several at this point, I've lost track. The family line's been "going for a while. However, of House Greyspine currently, Ironkeeper Gradim Greyspine is the head "of this entire city. Voted in ten years ago, actually. He's head of the council." "Ironkeeper Gradim Greypsine. Gradim! You're-- (sigh) These commoners. Learn to speak "the language!" "Unfortunately." "Probably. As long as you don't do anything stupid. As long as you keep the coin flowing, and "as long as you stay to the upper levels. The lower levels you get to more of the business the "miners, the forges, the foundries. When you get to the business areas, that's where the guard gets "heavier and that's where folks don't like you poking near their money." "The mithral mine, aye." "There is one now. It's all been, and has been for quite some time, completely helmed up and "run by House Greypsine. The Keystone Quarry is what you're looking for." "Yeah, I would not recommend it. Not without proper business credentials on that. You'll end up "being questioned very heavily." She gives you a look almost like it was a slightly racist statement, but then passes it off because you paid her a lot of coin today. "Yes." "Oh, there's a reason he's the one put in charge of the mines and the businesses and the foundries." "Well, if he's not home at the actual Greyspine Manor-- which is a sprawling house. It contains all the ones who live there." "He's probably down at the actual--" What is it? Pardon. Bear with me. Consult my notes! "He's "probably down by the Greyspine quarry itself, keeping an eye on the business there." There's a nearby dwarf having a few drinks, goes, "Ah, Greyspine, there's been troubles round there! "Apparently, a friend of mine works there. Got a big, nasty scar last week. Wouldn't even pay him "for his time off to heal. It's bullshit!" He slams his drink down on the table. "Aye." "He works there! Said there was things pouring out of the caves. Goblins and the like!" LAURA and "Ah, goblins are nothing." "Seems there's something other than goblins poking out through this hole. Just saying, that "business is in for a serious problem if it doesn't change." He pours another drink. At which point, Adra slaps his hand and says, "Pay that. He bought one round!" He finishes his drink and walks away. "Of course! What, you think dwarves are just the baseline folks who brawl each other?" "What you're looking for is House Thunderbrand. They are the ones who, by blood, "have the arcane arts in their family line." "They run most of the enchantment process in the city, they also train-- they call it train, "some of us call it more 'indoctrination.' But, they're definitely the focus of all arcane arts "here in Kraghammer." "Certainly. Now if you don't mind," She scoots you aside, and you see a line, a queue of dwarves behind her, with their empty cups, waiting to get to her to fill up the drinks that you bought. Best that you can tell, inside-- you can't. You just arrived, probably around 300 or 400 in the afternoon, so you're probably pushing sunset right about now. Make an intelligence check! This would be a straight intelligence roll on this one, so your general knowledge of dwarves. 20. That's not too bad! In your experience, you know dwarves, depending on their lifestyle and what they do for a living, their clocks can run differently, but for the most part, they run in tandem with most other races just because it makes it easier for dealing with outside forces. But, like I said, it's very variable. There is no set, locked time of this is morning, this is evening, they just sleep when they need to and wake up when they need to. Balgus. Close. (snores) You play your tune, a beautiful little tune that saunters through the air.The magical energies emanate from the notes you make, drift into his torso; you can see a slight glow and he, "(grumbling) Where's that blasted music coming from?" His hand goes out and paws towards the flute. He wipes a globule of drool that's crusted into his beard. "Aye, you've bothered me nap. What "do you want from Balgus?" "I've heard the same." "Not as often as I get woken up from my sleep. Which is never. Because only stupid people "do that." Make a persuasion roll. That's level ten you get that, by the way. Throw Boobs. 19? He takes a moment, and grabs the drink that you prepared from his hand and goes (gulps). "You've got five minutes." Then he stretches his back a bit. This gnarled hunch that he holds in his physical posture, flexes it a bit, and now you can see the rippling muscles that show beneath his tunic. This is a built dwarf. You don't know what past he's had, moving boulders or forging crazy iron shit, but there's a reason this guy has a reputation. He stands up off of his stool, which you can now hear crack with the weight of a dwarf, which are made for normal dwarves. This guy is solid muscle. He saunters over, looks about for a second, almost like he's looking for his next target. Sees the pointy ears, sees the pointy ears, and goes (sighs) and saunters up to the table, slams his hand down. He sits down. "You called for Balgus, why?" Make a persuasion check. Roll your persuasion. Plus? As your arm reaches for his bicep-- As your arm reaches for his bicep, his hand, belying his grumpy, half-asleep haze-- with unnatural speed reaches out and slaps your hand to the side. Not painfully, but just, "No touching "the drunk dwarf." "Have you?" "You've heard correct." "I've been around a bit, yeah." "Political ass minds is what they are." "Not keen to them-- ass minds." "They've got minds of an ass." "The Greyspines are no friend of mine. " "What do I do? I own the brewery in town!" "The only one." "The only! Of course it's the best!" I've put everyone out of business. We export to most of Tal'Dorei." "Damn right it is!" You set it down and he takes it from your hand a little bit and takes a sip himself and sets it down again. (inhales deeply) (spits) He glances over and says, "Dragonborn. I haven't fought one of your kind in a long time." "I recall his name was 'Broken and Bloody.'" Make a persuasion roll. You can assist if you like. That just means he has advantage. Yeah, so you get advantage on this roll. He looks at you keenly, which-- He goes, "Well no, I don't really want to go anywhere with you. But if you're looking to go "ahead and talk to the Greyspines, you don't want to go empty-handed. It's customary to come with a "gift of some kind." "Well, let's just say, I have the finest brewery in the city." "I have some fine, very rare, very exotic drinks that I could, perchance, sell to you." "How exotic you wanting?" "I can give you the finest of thistle branch, dark blood wine. This was crafted by "myself, from a rare bloodthistle branch that I had brought over from the far-off city of Kamordah. "This, I personally oversaw. It took me four years to fill this barrel full. It'll cost you 500 gold "pieces. But it is a king's red wine!" This would be insight. Go ahead and roll insight. He seems too drunk to lie. "Make it quick! You've got one minute." "My time is far worth the 500 gold you've already been talking about." He takes the sealed cup and sloshes it around in his hand. The actual liquid is coagulated to such a point that it's less of a blood and more of a gelatin. (sloshing sounds) He peeks it open and (sniffs). "Yes!" "I can have this appraised, but if you want to do a straight trade for the barrel for this, "I'll take you up on that." "All right." He takes the cup, puts it in a small satchel on his side. "Adra!" "Aye, what do "you want, you drunken bastard?" "They've bought me thistle blood wine. Take it out back. Here's the "key." He tosses her the key. She grabs it and goes, "Really? Ooh, just walked in, they're buying "fancy." She comes back with two of her barmaiders who are begrudgingly carrying it with her. It's a nice barrel. It has a gold trim. The actual bands that hold the wood together is gold. The branding on the side is gold leafed into the wood. It's fine, exquisite, we're talking top shelf BevMo-style, awesome dwarven wine. He pats it and he goes, "All yours. If this doesn't get you in the door, I'll eat my shoe." "Maybe, I forget a lot of nights." "Minute's up, you'll have to ask around, but it was great doing business with you." He walks away from the table. It does not fit in the bag of holding. LAURA and The barrel is too big, you barely got Dork the ox in there. Which, for the record, they did fit a small ox in the bag of holding and then realized later on that there was no airflow. I felt that was a necessary story. "Ah, well I can have him do it." She pokes one of the barmaiders who turns around. This one's younger, he looks like he's frazzled and maybe new here or at least trying to make his way. He goes, "Okay, I can show you around, just follow me outside, come follow me." He walks out. He's got a little apron on. He leads you guys outside. He brings you to the edge of the outer walkway of the central ring you're on. He points across the way and what you can see is a series of marble pillars that outline a residential district that opens and consumes the other side of the central ring of Kraghammer. He says, "If you go past far in that way, you'll look for the house of Greyspine. It's "the one that has dark black marble with gold tinting inside the spiralling vein of the marble, "it's gold. The gate outside is wrought iron, black iron, that's topped with a series of pikes and--" Pike awkwardly looks sickened, not understanding. "The real key point is, if you look "on the front yard, you'll see a dwarven statue of the current ironkeeper himself. That's where "you'll want to go." "Of course. If you get the chance, you could fill out a little form saying how helpful I've been--" "Here." He pulls out a small parchment and hands it to you. It's handwritten with a couple of checkboxes. "I only have one." "Sorry!" He runs back into the tavern. Short rest is around ten minutes or so. You've technically been short resting in the tavern. It's more of like a post battle-- like, take a breather, bandage your wounds, settle yourself after a harrowing experience. That's what a short rest is. Oh, what you're looking for is the House Thunderbrand. Okay, so you're dividing from the party? Okay. Pike is feeling, and for those of you who are curious in the chat room, once again, elements of this are house ruled, so don't complain. We keep short rest to ten minutes because it makes it move faster. Pike is going along, she seems to be a little distracted, she can't quite understand. She says, "I don't know, I feel like "I've been here before. It's hard to explain." "Anyway, I'm probably going to go rest for the evening." She heads back to the tavern. The polite term. You guys make your way to the Greyspine Manor, you guys head for that, you head to Thunderbrand. His name is Balan. Okay, so you'll get to that. You guys do manage to find what's called The Stone's Pillow. The Stone's Pillow. It's an establishment of comfort and ease, and will run you both for the evening, as you are not Kraghammer locals, 30 gold for the night each. The madam of the house introduces you to a spectrum of ladies, mostly dwarven, and very attractive, you know. This is a nice establishment. There is one gnome. One female gnome. There are a number of male dwarves as well, that are standing at the ready. There is one elf, looks a little shy and embarrassed that a goliath walked in. Those are your choices. Okay. You choose your lady, you take the tallest one which would probably be the elf. As you walk in, the shy elf turns around entirely. She is aggressive and throws you around. You got your money's worth. You get manhandled in a way that you haven't-- You're going to be sore in the morning. Welcome to Kraghammer, gentlemen. All right, you guys. Are you just walking up to the manor? She's got standards. You enter the residential district. It is dark and you see the red stone that permeates the area for a low gentle glow of the entire city is now clustered into these street lamps that are throughout the entire location. You begin to press into the residential district proper. There's some nice homes that are carved into the side of the rock, there's some stand-alone homes that are built out of fine stone. You eventually make your way towards the nicer part of it, where you start seeing some of the more marble buildings, some of the more exotic stonework being used in the construction of the homes. You also notice three of the guards that are part of the city establishment there are following you from behind, curiously. The Carvers. No weapons drawn, but definitely hands at the ready. LAURA and (chuckles darkly) As you continue to walk, eventually some of the dwarves approach. (snobby voice) The marble texture on this is gorgeous. You get about 20 more feet before you get, "Hail! Hail!" "You foreigners are wandering too far in districts you don't belong to. What's your business?" Make a persuasion roll. Either of you, whichever you prefer. All right. The guards look at each other. The one that was talking to you, you can see now, as he comes a little closer into the light, a frazzled black beard that's pulled into a very tight braid that goes down to his bellybutton. All wearing the same basic chest plate; long, black velvet cloak behind; each carrying some sort of heavy warhammer around the side of their belt. Steps up and says, "Well, just to tell you the rules here, if you're going to wander at night in a very expensive "district, you don't want to do it by yourself because you either have chances of being mugged or "arrested. We might have arrested you." One of them looks over and sees the bear that is off in the shadows nearby. Trinket's quietly trying to keep up with his wonderful master. "What's a bear doing in Kraghammer?!" They all grab out their warhammers. At which point Trinket, (subdued growling) just shakes his whole body. He looks at you, confused. Then raises a paw up, and-- (bear noises) (growling) The dwarves take a step back as the claw goes through the, "That's all right. I would say "if that's your animal--" "--don't bring it here." (growling) Trinket begins to walk back. A couple of other dwarves that are wandering carrying some packages to the side make a very wide berth around this armored bear that's slowly moping its way through the streets of Kraghammer. What could possibly go wrong? (growls) You hear in the distance. The one goes like, "Look, I'll show you to the statue and "that's it, then you got to go." "I don't see many half-elves here and honestly I'm excited to meet you, so let's do this "quickly. Come with me." He leads you further into the cityscape. Down the road, you end up going through a few buildings. You find one large wrought iron fence with a series of carved spikes towards the top, and you see the beautiful dark marble building with the gold trim. "This is what you were talking about, Greyspine Manor. Lot of rich sons of bitches." "Aye." "Bunch of rich sons of bitches." "Actually, Ironkeeper's all right, he's been doing a great job. The rest of the family can suck off." "Oh, they have friends everywhere, but I personally don't like them. They run business "pretty dark. They work most of their employees to the ground. To the bone." "I don't think that's how you run a business. Well, that's how you run a business for "profit, but not for--" "Aye, that's the one." "Yeah. I don't know, I don't go that far south, doesn't interest me. "Smells like brimstone." "I appreciate that. You know it's not easy. You're born into it. We spend most of our time "training, which can get very boring." You see that two of the dwarves that are now about two steps behind go, "(clears throat) All right, Thompson! We got to get back to our post!" "Oh, sorry. Look, "we've dillied about too much. Just follow us back, go about your business, don't wander here at "night, and good luck." Mm-hmm. All right. They bring you back towards the entrance of the residential district. All right, roll stealth, both of you guys. Make a constitution check! Plus your constitution modifier. Actually, athletics! Go athletics! All right, that's a fine constitution check. You have impressed your female dwarf. That happened. That's the first time. So that happened. What'd you guys roll for stealth? As you guys begin to wander off-- -- Vax, you vanish. Vex, you take a couple steps. You hear, "Hey, hey, hey! I told you, it's "dangerous down there in the dark! Don't do that!" "Where's your friend?" He looks to the other guards and they're obviously fed up with his flirting, and they're not too keen on you guys. "Well, you guys hold up post, I'll give her a quick walk around." "All right, but I'm going to tell the boss!" "Fine! I don't get this chance very often!" You ask around, and it takes a while, especially since as a dragonborn some folks are like, "Oh, I'm not talking to you!" Some others are like, "Oh, yeah, right over that way!" It's a completely wrong direction, so it takes you a good two hours to eventually find your way to House Thunderbrand. When you get there, it's a beautiful alabaster building large, white dome, with small spires built in to one of the more elevated ceilings of Kraghammer proper. On the outside, there is no gate, just an open lawn. You see grass, you see normally outside flora and fauna currently adorning the scape around this structure. Nice! Go ahead and make a perception check. Five? You saunter right up to the edge of the grass line, and get one step on what suddenly becomes visible to you a rather subtly carved dwarven rune in the ground. In fact, there's a bunch of them, outlining the entirety of the grass. As your foot hits the rune, you're like, "Oh, that's a dwarven rune!" (stomping) (as Tiberius) I've been practicing my Tiberius. Go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw. 15? You manage to pull back to lessen the impact, but a bolt of bluish energy bursts out from the rune in front of you, throwing you about three or four feet behind the rune. You catch yourself. You do suffer eight points of thunder damage. It's a whole different kind of damage you can suffer! You wait about two or three minutes, no response. Yeah. There we go. Balgus and Balan. Best from what you can tell at this distance, because it's fairly dark down here the building itself has four corner spires around the large central dome structure. Each one of these spires is a very thin, tall, alabaster spire that at the very top is crested with some sort of bluish crystal that comes to a point. They're probably a good 35, 40 feet tall. About as tall as the rest of the structure is. You can't really tell how far back the structure goes because it meets with the back of the cave wall. Okay. You are four feet from the door. You can step back and do it. It pushed you back four feet from the rune you stepped on. You're not at the door. Tiberius Stormwind is a dragonborn sorcerer. Everyone is level nine currently in the game. From that far away? Okay, the arcane energy swirls up and forms this loosely hand-like appendage that drifts forward. As soon as it crosses over the rune where you stepped on, there is a spark of energy and the hand is dispelled. Okay. Okay. You cast the Glacial Blast forward. The ice begins to congeal across the bottom of the floor. As it reaches the front of the rune, there is another spark of energy and the ice forms up against an invisible barrier that's there and then the ice that's up against the barrier melts extremely quickly, drifting into a puddle of water. Okay. As you turn around there are four Carvers that are hurrying towards you now, with their hammers out going, "You!" They all surround you on all sides, you have a dwarf on each corner. "You have attacked one of "the great dwarven families of Kraghammer! Name yourself and your business before you are under arrest." Make intimidation check. All four Carvers take a step back, look at each other. "Look, we're just doing our job. "What's your business?" Make a persuasion check. The dwarf guards look at each other and one of them steps forward and this guy you can see now he has more carvings in his armor, he looks to have a little more rank than the other ones. He steps forward, ruddy brown beard, his eyes itself are pitch black. There is almost no color to the irises. He goes, "Look. I'm letting you off this once, but if you so much as spit in the direction "of any other dwarf in the city, we're going to bury you so far underneath the dungeon you won't "see the light of day 'til the day you rot, you hear me, dragonborn?" "Get on with you." He puts his hammer back at his side. They all separate, stare you down as you walk past. Okay. You! You make your way through the alleyways, eventually back towards the building proper. What would you like to do? There are Carvers doing rounds around the city. On the streets wandering through in pairs, keeping watch. You don't see any particular guard outside, but you do see individuals moving past windows. There's a little bit of light from the inside of the buildings. Not between the gates. The yard area and to the front door. What's outside the gate? You're hard pressed to find a moment where the street isn't visible to some Carver. This area is pretty well guarded. You figure largely because the person who is currently the Ironkeeper of the entire city of Kraghammer lives within that building as well as one of the more powerful dwarven families, so it's pretty well watched. You all eventually gather back at the tavern. There's a knock at the room that you guys are currently talking in. Unless, are you in the tavern proper or have you gone back to-- ? Adra's standing there looking a little nervous and she goes, "Hi, sorry to bother you. Is "that bear one of yours?" "You might want to go," You hear in the tavern (aggravated growls) You head downstairs and you can see all the dwarves are now gathered around the fighting ring in the center of the tavern. Trinket's now inside the ring with a couple other dwarves around, prodding and pushing it into the ring. There's raucous cheering. They're not even listening to you at this point. Okay, as you guys head down, you can see now Balgus is now up and rubbing his chin. "Oh, never "fought a bear before! (laughs)" You are very much allowed to cuss. Isn't that right, guys? Fuck yeah! Okay, as you run into the ring a couple of the dwarves pat you on the back, you get a shove into the ring. It's now Trinket and you-- Make a general charisma check. What did you roll? Yes! As you rush and you guys are coming to the front, Balgus sees this and now you can see both eyes are open which means he's sobered up a bit, and he goes, "Oh no! This bear's mine. You "want to fight two of us? Oh, it'll wake you right up!" "Nothing as invigorating as as a brawl!" Okay. As everyone is cheering up and getting ready, this very thick fog begins to fill the center of the bar area. You can now see a bunch of people are, "Wait, what the?!" Some are coughing. Some are like, "What the hell's going on? Fucking hell. Why is there--" Okay. Okay. You see the shadows nearby the fog you hear, "Come at me, I'm going to--" You can see Balgus's shadow swinging wildly at the air, angrily. You grab Trinket. Trinket shrinks down into a tiny little mouse. Trinket, the little mouse face, the moment you see it, looks very confused, very scared. You (whoosh) into a bear form. Now Keyleth is now this giant bear where Trinket once was. Go ahead and make a stealth check. You have advantage because you are in fog. Okay. Balgus's drunken, mist covered state does not seem to notice your approach. He is swinging wildly, though. He has disadvantaged attack on you as you approach. One of his fists swings past you. That is going to be a 12, I don't think that hits. You just narrowly dodge out of the way. You can feel the fist just whoosh past one of your ears. As you come back up, clutching the base of your dagger, go for your strike. Because he does not see you, yes. You are currently stealthed. That'll hit. Go ahead and roll sneak attack damage on this, of course. Yeah. Well, we're considering it nonlethal damage because it's with the base of the dagger. You're watching a lot of fog, with some shapes moving in it. You're like, "Where's Trinket?" You see a giant bear there and you're like, "There's "Trinket! That's not Trinket. There's no armor." You're very confused. Trinket now has no armor, is a slightly different shade-- Crack! A resounding impact hits and there now dwarves that are like, "Yeah! Ooh!" All the cheering stops and there's this lull. Quiet hits. Balgus hasn't moved, by the way. You impact and it's like hitting a wall. There's this taut, thick stump of muscle where the dwarf neck is. As you pull back the dagger, his hand reaches up and grabs your wrist. His head slowly turns towards you and he goes, (laughs) Well he's going to attempt to grapple you. LAURA and Go ahead and make an acrobatics check; it's probably your best score anyway. That's a 30? You manage to just slip out of his grip. Barely. He was about to clamp on. As you step away, he turns towards you and goes, "Oh, well I feel alive tonight! Bring it, all of you! I want "to smash a face in." He's got a little bit of ale froth at the corner of his mouth. It's beginning to drip into his beard. It's quite an awful sight for those that are close enough to see it. The rest of you just see this, shapes and movement. There's still this, "Okay, what's going on?" kind of a feel. You hear Adra in the back going, "Stop this! This is-- I can't even see! What are you doing?! Don't destroy another table!" She's frantically trying to stop this chaos. There's now a bear-- what are you doing, Keyleth? You're a bear. You're a bear, you want to do anything? You see the shape of Balgus like-- in the middle of this fight ring. This is what she tells you. Yeah, it does. You haven't done a fez yet. You need to work on that. A couple more levels. Have you ever seen fireworks go off in a cloud? You get that little boof, boof. There's a bunch of that above you. Cloud, lights flashing. You begin singing your tune. Do you give an inspiration dice to her? A d8 inspiration dice from the bard as you hear the enchanting, jaunty, bear dancing theme. Bard getting his bard on. Go ahead and make a performance check. No, she does. You're performing as a bear! Do you want to add performance dice? I'm sorry, the inspiration dice that he gave you. I know. Okay! You were so inspired, you weren't even inspired to be inspired for this. This array of strange puffy fireworks in the fog; you doing this little rotation. You actually manage to do a bear cartwheel, and slam into the ring, but it looks pretty cool. You get back up. You're on your hind legs, you dance on one foot for a second. Balgus is like, (raucous laughter). He starts laughing, doubles over, clutching his stomach, laughing his ass off. Other dwarves start laughing too. The music gets louder and the band in the back of the tavern begins playing again. There's now this general jovial air restored to the tavern. You guys are pulling through a crowd, covered in mist still. You're having a hard time finding your way through the bar. The people are at least now cheering, in the mood. There's still some people trying to find their way to the front to see what's going because they hear the music and they hear the cheering. "Well, what's going on over there?" They're pushing their way through. You make your way to the bar. You see Adra's really nervous, like, (panicked sounds) "How? Do! Go!" "Here, go!" She hands you one, doesn't even charge you for it. He's still in the center of the ring. No one's still getting near Balgus. They're cheering off to the side. Balgus is laughing. "Ooh, growl for me! Do a happy growl!" "Yeah, there's a happy growl! Oh, it's been so long since I've been outside!" A little tear on the edge of his face. As you approach up his side-- Immediately, instinctively, he slaps it off his arm and turns around. He's drunk, you're offering him ale, and he's been laughing at a bear for two minutes. Make a persuasion roll with advantage. Two rolls, yeah, you have advantage. 15! He looks at you with this big grin, and you can now see his gnarled, yellow dwarven teeth, this railroad of terror that his mouth is. This big smile. He reaches out, his beard poofing over the side, grabs it and goes, "See, now this is dwarven hospitality!" He lifts his drink up and it spills a little bit on his arm. He's like, "Hey!" Everyone lifts up and cheers again. (cheering) If you choose, while polymorphing him, you could make it as a visual aesthetic. Because it was a quick impact, I would say it looks like a normal mouse right now. Sorry. Next time! (squeaks) (cheering) Balgus goes, "Three more! You said three more!" You see his empty cup on the table. "Aye! (whispers) Thanks." She gives you like a really earnest like, "Thank you." You now have a very good idea of how a good third of the tables in this tavern are repaired. You guys head back up to the rooms. Yeah, that was like a (vibrating) when you got the impact on him. I get the feeling that's probably going to go down at some point. You guys are heading back up to the room. Which, it's not a hallway built for a bear. Your shoulders are squeezing through. Well, each one of your rooms comfortably fits two people, maybe. Like, one and a half? If you help push Trinket through the door. Thankfully, dwarves are fairly wide folk, so the doors are built for stouter folk, they're just not very tall. You, actually, have to bend through, Grog, to get into your room. On the bed that you lie on, your legs dangle a good two feet off the bottom, at maximum. You can push Trinket through with a one, two, three! Or you can carry her through as a mouse, and then have her stuck in there. I believe it is, yeah, concentration. You have to talk to Adra. She's like, "There's no stables in this establishment, but we do have a downstairs storage area your bear can probably stay in." "That's not true." "I'll charge you later." Trinket becomes a bear again. I'd say the room's probably a good 40 feet by 30 feet. Half of it's filled with barrels and crates, and storage of dried foods. Trinket comes in and (sniffing) and starts rummaging into one of the half open sacks of dried meat. That's going to be put on your bill. You head back to your rooms for the evening to rest. Anything you guys want to do in preparation for the next day? You turn in your comment cards for Balan. Yes, indeed. Do you want to take a quick restroom break for the folks here? Zac? Folks here might want to use the restroom real fast. You know what, go ahead and play some of the intro videos and we'll come back here in a minute to continue the game, while everyone rests, and empties their bladders. We'll be right back guys. Hang tight. Hello, everyone. Welcome back. We've had our pee breaks. We've had our refills of our drinks. We've got Fireball, so I think we're good for the next venture. Anyway, the party has taken their rest for the evening. Once again, this is one of those weird experiences where you wake up, not because of the sun rising, because you can't see it in the dwarven city of Kraghammer, but eventually you all come to consciousness naturally. What is your plan of action? Okay, so Tiberius fills you all in about his experience, trying to get into the House Thunderbrand. No, it is a perpetual low red glow from all the stones that are embedded around the streets. Oh, dwarves. You guys make your way after your brunch, your delicious dwarven brunch-- -- which is very alcoholic. Tiberius went (whoosh) into a dwarven form. There was a cavern interaction with two male trolls that they had stealthed up behind as a party. I love explaining this to the audience. Tiberius then polymorphed into a female troll to try and Bugs Bunny them, not realizing that dwarves who are underground and-- --trolls don't encounter female trolls often enough to have a one track mind. He nearly got himself in a very bad situation. That was remedied by the party attacking and Vex over here shooting off the troll's dick. Which then went in the bag of holding, which is disgusting. Yup, hashtag not all trolls came from that game. That is horrible. You guys make your way to the residential district. The same guards are there who were there the previous night that encountered you guys so, as you roll up with an entourage- Currently, there are four. He's actually not there. It's the two others that were with you. He is noticeably absent. They look at each other and they're like, "He's been given the day off." "Citizen? I haven't see you about. What's your name?" "What is it, Kraghammer, or what was it?" (laughter) "How drunk are you?" Make a persuasion check. 19. "All right, I haven't seen you around, but obviously it's a bit early to be that fucked up." Well, what's your business, if I might ask again? You already seen the statue. The two new Carvers step forward and look at it. "Ooh!" One of them's like, "I'll tell you what. If you let us taste a bit of that, we'll let you go." You look at it. It does not have any sort of port or exit on it. It is just a solid barrel. "Ah, that's right." Make a persuasion check for that. It's a very persuasion based encounter. The little dice! They haven't come out yet! Itty bitty dice. Okay. They all look at each other. "If you can save enough for all four of us, please do. Bring it back, we'll be looking forward to it." "We'll be waiting. If you don't show with the drink, we'll go right to our supervisor." They all nod. They all look about each other. "Fine. Remember, we're waiting." They all lick their lips a little. They part and let you guys into the residential district. You make your way to the very back. You can see House Greyspine. Once again, guys, for those who haven't been there before, it's a beautiful arrangement. The iron gate around it with spikes on the top. You can see the entire front yard, it's about a good 80 yard walk to the front of the building itself. It's a quite a distance from the front gate and that entire area is filled with like a stone garden with various small sculptures and interesting knick knacks they collected and put on display like as a small museum as you approach the front of House Greyspine. You get to the front door as a large double oak door about ten feet tall, four feet wide, currently closed. There is no handle on the door. No. Easily enough, you see next to the door there is a small chain that protrudes from the stone wall. It has a small bulbous ball at the end. You pull it. Not a ding, but a large (clanging). It is a heavier chain than you expected. As you pull on it, you feel a large hammer-like object is slamming into a brass-type material as it echoes and resounds in the building. Definitely announcing your presence. Boosh! It echoes into the house. All right, are you going to play the music for the sake of playing music? All right. About ten seconds pass before the door-- you hear a large (thudding) and one of the doors opens up. You see a dwarf, with long gray hair that's slicked back and pulled into a ponytail. A very small trimmed beard, very proper, steps out in long black robes and goes, "Can I help you?" He gives you an awkward look. It's like a look of trying to place your face. "Which lord are you looking for?" "Nostoc, I'm afraid, is currently working at the quarry, if he's who you're looking for." He gives you this look. "Gradem is not taking visitors." He gives you this look. "If you're talking mining contracts you want to head to the quarry and talk to, Lord--" Looking him up again in my notes. "You want to talk to Nostoc Greyspine. He's the one who runs the quarry. As far as the Ironkeeper himself-- I mean no offense, but only official political business." "Obviously. Have you not shown them where the quarry is, friend?" The dwarf gives you a subtle look, goes, "My name is Magrim. I am the servant of the Ironkeeper himself." "Right. The Ironkeeper is not open to business outside of pre-approved political understanding." "If you don't have a pre-approved meeting put within our ledger, you won't be seen." He leans over and looks at the cask of ale and says, "Down to the mines, you have to go to one of the chain platform posts at the edge of town that will bring you to the base area. Find your way to the mines there. That should be enough to get Nostoc's attention. The rest is up to you." He looks down at the cask, looks up at you and says, "I would not turn down a sip or two." As he's looking over there, you vanish. All right. "Is that all your business?" "Well, good day." He steps back into the doorway and closes the large oak doors. You are now standing in the foyer of Palace Greyspine. A luxurious foyer, the floor itself is a fine dark velvet red carpet. There are tapestries across the walls and small wooden end tables set at the edges of the hallway, this foyer area that contains sculptures and vases and plants that exist underground specifically. There's a large stairway that leads up into the upper portion of the house and two doors at each side that lead to rooms you no longer can see. Magrim wipes his hands and walks away going, "(sigh) Fucking foreigners." Okay. Make a stealth check. Because you're invisible, I'll give you advantage on that. Go ahead and roll. As you scamper by, behind Magrim, following him towards the kitchen area of the abode, Magrim stops and turns, rubs his stomach, goes (groaning) and continues walking forward, seemingly unperturbed by the sound. Okay, I'll say within the time that you have within the house, you wander through quite a few rooms. There's a wonderful music room, which contains a number of dwarven instruments that you've read of and many instruments that you know as well. You actually find another, what do you call it again? A shawm? A shawm. You find another shawm within, more finely crafted than the one that you have. A gift of lords, if you will. Not everyone, you only made a few. You could only afford five. As you look about the household, you also come across a couple of bed chambers that are locked, pretty hefty lock. Okay. You make your way up the stairway, and there's a long hall that leads to, essentially, a throne room that is still partially under construction, mostly finished. It actually was an intentional build onto this house. House Greyspine, when the current Ironkeeper went into office, it seems, began to have this room built. It's nearly finished, but it's an extravagant room with a large stone and dark metal throne, steps lead up to it, and its raised dais-like pedestal in the center of the room. A series of great magically glowing and flickering lanterns across them. There are two dwarves inside that are currently finishing up the stone work. They're doing various sorts of masonry and plastering in areas and carving out and chiselling out pieces of stone, and making them intricately carved in this flavor. Other than that the room is currently empty. Hashtag "gnomishdeuce." Okay. Do you have on your person any sort of thieves' tools? You can, through the message-based ear enchantment. Do you wish to pick one of the doors? Okay, you have disadvantage on this. So roll twice, and we'll consider this a straight dexterity check. You futz with the door for a good minute, trying to bend a piece of wire you had, thinking to forge some tumblers, and eventually get to a point where you hear, (tink). And it broke. Okay. The door is currently closed. All right. You blink through this small, purplish arcane doorway. It brings you directly outside. You guys are waiting, Scanlan just pops into view. Yes, the bard was doing a lockpick with no lockpicks. He was fashioning it from wire. Exciting but pointless! You make your way to the edge of the center ring. You find that there are long spiral staircases that move to the bottom, where there are elevators that bring you to the bottom floor. The elevators are chain based, like a ratchet-type system with two Carvers there, of course. You approach one, eventually you talk with them, they lead you down there, but once again they give you a look of, "Watch your back!" They nod, and let you pass. As you continue downward into the lower area, you can see the red stone that lets a lot of the atmospheric glow of Kraghammer is used less and less and a lot more central torches are now in place; sconces. The stone itself is either rarer the further down you go or has less of an illuminating power the deeper into the earth. You eventually reach into the center part of town. You now see from where you're standing a number of large structures in the very center of the bottom part of the city of Kraghammer. You can see-- There is a giant domed temple that is made of gold and bronze in the center. It looks almost like a gargantuan gazebo that has doorways on each side that is currently closed off. No guards at it, though. You do see a number of other buildings. There is a large, heavy foundry far off to the left of you that has a little bit of smoke that's coming off of it, but most of it looks to be filtered into a giant, metallic funnel that is then placed into the rock. Almost like all the smoke based exhaust is being funneled outside of the mountain. That is the closest; that's the foundry. Then to the right of you, you wander a bit and you can begin to see that part of the mountainside to the far right has that look of a strip mine, or like a large portion of the minerals has been pulled away and is currently being mined further. That looks like probably one of the better places to look in looking for the Greyspine Quarry. You eventually make your way to the outside of the quarry. You now look down into three large pits that descend deeply into the side of the mountain. This mine has been going for quite some time and a large chunk of this looks like it may be being prepped; almost like the mine is what's growing Kraghammer. The more they mine into the mountain, the more they fill the mined area with further city construction. It's this self perpetuating cycle of expanding the city downward. Currently in the quarry, there are a number of large stone dwarven buildings in the edge of it, one of which is the largest of them all, looks like it's made more of a black and red, iron aesthetic; some of it's been oxidized a little bit and has that rough and tumble, iron feel. That one has the most guards around the base of it. The Carvers are gathered entirely around it. Looking down into the center of the quarry, towards the bottom there are a number of tunnels that lead into the hillside of Cliffkeep Mountains proper, surrounding Kraghammer. Okay. Stoneskin is placed on you. You have not turned Alter Self off. You are still a dwarf. Oh, Stoneskin is a concentration spell, so yes, that would eliminate the Alter Self spell. Okay, so you revert back to your dragon form, robed self, but Stoneskin is in effect. You using your, what's it called again? Druidcraft! Thank you. The Prestidigitation for hippies. Portions of the wood begin to sprout from the outside of this dark wood barrel and form these entangled ivy vines that eventually embrace the entirety of this cask with little buds of dark, ruddy flowers. Something that would definitely appeal to a dwarven aesthetic. You approach the guards, of which there are eight currently at the front. Would be more of an insight. Yeah. 13? Okay. Strangely enough, they are fairly distracted and after a rather long, uneventful morning, most of them are used to being in armor and waiting for business to go down. There are a few along the edges that look a little more alert, and one of them is looking occasionally down into the quarry. Just keeping an eye on the established area. The newest of the bunch would be the one that's on the far left that is looking down into the quarry as well. He has a shaved head, has a small brownish beard that looks like he's starting to grow out into a nice, long tuft. Either it got shaved in some, I don't know, terrible college dwarf accident. You know part of his entry into some fraternity. It's a fairly thick tuft of unkempt brown beard that goes about that far out. It's starting to be pulled in like tiny little scruffy braids. It's not quite there and he probably gets a lot of shit for it from the other dwarves. He seems to generally be looking at you guys. The other guards reach back and grab their weapons. One of them looking to you. "All right, what's your business?" They curl up around the apparent barrel that Grog's holding. They look wary of Grog, but once they make note of the barrel they all, "Ooh!" "I've heard of that, but I've not seen anyone actually drink it. There were long standing rumors that this even existed." "This is a Balgus original?" "Inside, please." Him and one other guard flank you guys as you enter, making sure that you are not left without that appearance. You are led into the center of this portion of the mine's main structure, a series of long hallways. There's this general smell of soot and ash and broken stone dust in the air. A hint of brimstone-ish smell. It's not very pleasant, it's very well worn and pungent for those of you who spend most of their time on the surface. As you enter, there is a general dust in the air, a little light seems to peek through from the torches that are placed up along the wall. You can see this general haze amongst the interior here. It's definitely a work environment at the base of an underground dwarven establishment used to mine. You are led further down the hallway. It curves to the left and you're brought into a large dwarven study. There are books on the walls, a series of ledgers and paper stacks on a large desk and at the center there sits a dwarf with fiery red hair cut very short, almost like a buzz-cut on the top, with a long beard that is not braided, but kept very smooth and very-- not curly, not bunched, it's a very straight beard. He's very clean cut, he already has this intimidating dark glare. As you walk into the room he goes, "Okay, you brought me a drink. You have my attention. What brings you to the mines?" He raises his finger and goes, "You have not paid for your pleasantries yet." As you pull it up he pulls under his desk and pulls up a goblet. As you fill it, "Top it off! Thank you! Now put on the side of the desk!" Puts it down. (satisfied sigh) "It's pretty fucking good." He takes another long drag, while making sure you all watch him do this. This goes on probably a little longer, the pageantry of him drinking this in front of you is definitely a power play, and he's establishing some sort of unspoken dominance in the room. Eventually he finishes his tankard, sets it down under the desk again. "Right, so where were we?" At which point, as you say that, he gets this grin to his face and goes, "Aye, I know of the one you speak." "She is a strong-headed one, that one." "She stepped on a few toes around this place." "One could say that, aye. You say you are compatriots of hers?" "She certainly left a mess in her wake. There's this strange vision quest she kept talking about. It brought her into atmospheres-- portions of this city, portions of my business that she has no right trespassing on. She went against Carver rules, she broke away from partial arrest and she went screaming down into the caverns of our mines without my permission, blade drawn on some crazed suicide mission." "Great. I'd like that actually." "She looked small and angry. She seemed to have some weight to her. She was a strong lass." He gives you this strange look and goes, "I will not discuss the physical aesthetics of a halfling." "Obviously this lass means a lot to you, doesn't she?" "There is nothing going on, we're fine. We have everything under control, we don't need your help for that. If you want to find your friend, go find her! If she is still alive. If not, take her corpse back and leave." "I appreciate your offering. You have bought your time. Now, if you are here to go find your friend, I'll let you pass. You may pass into the mine, but if at any moment you cross over to any sort of thieving bullshite--" Looks over at you. "I recommend--" (laughter) "I recommend-- that you fall down the same path your friend likely did and get killed real quick. I don't take kindly to those who cross on my business." "Then go." "I'll speak with the men. They'll let you down. If you come back, good on you. I think our business here is done." At which point, you hear muffled in the distance a loud ringing of a very loud bell. (dinging) At which point, he perks up a bit. "Our business here is done. Please, shove off." He looks over to the two other guards who are up front. The two Carvers say, "This way." Sleight of hand check. He currently does not seem like the talkative type at the moment, you can certainly try. He has already rolled it. As you fill your flask-- You hear this loud-- (clears throat). This is the first time you have witnessed the pristine, delicate yet well trained palm of a dwarven hand go straight to its forehead. "Get out of my office." A second and a third bell starts going off and the guards that are waiting for you guys. They're like-- They start leading you outside and as you make your way outside the main building, you can now hear voices shouting, down in the quarry below. "Something is flushing out of the quarry." "We don't know." Some of the guards are motioning each other to follow and some of them start going down to one of the tracks that leads down to one of the nearest quarry below. Okay, you guys follow down towards the quarry, you ask the guard that question and he goes, "I don't know, we've had quite a few interesting things come through." He swallows and says, "Things I can't describe." Not yet. As you head halfway down the quarry walkway, you begin seeing dwarves start running out of one of the large quarry tunnels. Well, they're quite a distance from you. You're still walking down the side. They're a good 100 feet from you. They start running at you, you see blood streaking down one of their faces. They're charging out, one of them has a weapon and is limping, and you start seeing small green scampering things rushing through. One, two, three, four, six, ten goblins come rushing out of the tunnel. The three dwarves that are running out, one of them gets hacked down by one of the goblins and jumps on them and is tearing his neck. Okay, both you guys roll-- You throw a dagger? Three of you, roll for attack. There is an open funnel towards the tunnel. Okay, you guys you all hit from this distance because goblins are puny little things. They're still a little small to see, but you're all pretty well trained and pretty honed with your aim. You fire simultaneously, gunshot echo through the hallway, arrows, flying dagger, you see three goblins fall off a nearby dwarf who goes, "Thank--" At which point a large fireball explodes, killing off about ten or so of the goblins and probably two of the dwarves. The guards stopped. They they start looking around and they see you pull out your weapons and they all take a step back and realize they don't want to die either. "Well go, if you're going to help, go!" With you guys charging in, you can now see a handful more goblins are rushing out. They are like running really fast, sprinting. Okay, what's the radius on that? That's the range. What is the radius? Okay. You find a portion of the central point where the things exit from the tunnel and these strange reddish vines begin to protrude and to begin to grab nearby goblins and pull them up in this massive, weird vine creature. You hear (stomping) and you now see two larger ogre-like creatures come storming out. Everyone roll initiative. (cheering) All right, do we have initiatives 25 to 20? 21, you said? 21 for Tiberius. What did you get? One? Aw. You now see Scanlan, who's usually a jovial individual, his eyes begin to tense with fury. All right, so we have-- 15 to ten? Ten to five? Six. Okay. All right. You got a three. Yeah, it's fine. Then we have Scanlan. I'll get you guys in placement here, as your bear is currently back at the inn. Unless you wanted to bring him along. All right, we'll say you brought him along. That's fine. That's all right. Those of you going first, we're going to keep you on the field here. A number of goblins that are currently held over here. Top of the round, Percy you're up. Percy stops just as he gets to the quarry, a little bit elevated, and he pulls out from a small sack on his back this large elongated contraption, this weird construction that looks similar to the pepperbox he usually carries, but much larger and cumbersome. He sets it up on the ground with a small stand at the front and preps itself with a visual point. Ogre back here? All right, roll for your attack with Bad News. His own tinkered construction, Bad News. Yep, that'll do it. Go ahead and roll damage. Natural 19? Yeah, that should critical for you. That means the damage dice you double. Roll for damage, double that, and add your modifier after that. You guys hear this cacophonous, large blasting sound, a flash of blue energy and sparks shoot out the back of the weapon. It actually lifts Percy off the ground for a second and he shifts himself from the sheer blast. This streaking, heated bullet, reddish, white hot, goes cascading through the air, plunges into the side of the ogre's shoulder with a smattering of blood splattering against the cave behind it. It's actually moved back a step and has to catch itself. Slams its club into the ground. That ends your turn? Tiberius, you're up. This is the entanglement, by the way. Everything there is fighting from the entanglement. Most of these goblins are currently inside of it. Both of them? You moved up to here? All righty. These guys here are entangled. These front goblins are not. Scorching Ray you said at which ones? All right, so I'd probably about there would be where you'd want it. Okay. As you rush up, you pull back your hand and you see the arcane red energy begin to flow in your palm. You then throw the beam out, and it arcs, slams into the center, and explodes hitting each of these five goblins and the two ogres. What's your DC on your spell? Top of your spell page on the right. 17, okay. Wow! The two ogres actually make their saving throws. They got 18 and a 19. The goblins, however, all disintegrate. There's no way they're going to survive the damage you-- they (poofing). You see this hint of a red ash mist go, (squeaking) where they once were, and they are all turned to black nothingness. However, roll damage for the ogres. They get half damage because they made their reflex save. So 8d6 damage. 27, so half that. As the blast of fire dissipates, you can see one of the ogres is now burnt on half of its chest. Looking a little rough. There's blood streaking down from the side of his face where the shrapnel got thrown at him. The other ogre's looking okay. Yes. Okay. Which one? The one left here? He does fail his saving throw. You lift him up in the air and throw him into that. That ogre is knocked prone by the impact. The other one is also knocked prone. Before (splatting) into the wall, both of them slam to the ground. Go ahead and roll 2d6 impact damage for the force of the throw. Ten damage to each of them? All right. Both of the ogres are now on the ground reeling from the impact. That brings us to Grog and Vex going simultaneously. Okay, that'd be this one here. All right. Do you want to move a little closer? All right. That would put you right there. Okay. You pull out your arrow and as you pull it back, a little bit of energy courses through your fingers, strikes through your arrow. You can now see this crackling energy as you're pulling it taut in your bow. You let it loose, roll for attack. 21 hits. Yep. You do the damage of the arrow plus the damage of the spell. 17. Okay. The ogre that's been beaten, blasted by the fireball, it's getting up-- (grunt). It grabs its club, and it begins to get up on one leg as the Lightning Arrow slams into its chest. You can see it hits. Looks down for a second, and then the charge pulses through its entire torso. As it does, it screams out, "Ugh!" into the cavern, its whole muscle system locks tight and it falls forward again, onto its chest, smoke rising off of its whole upper area, unmoving, on the ground. He is gone. Which, with a one, he does. Go ahead a roll damage for other ogre. Ten damage. Nice. As he falls to the ground, the arc arcs over to the other one who drops his club for a second. Picks it up angrily. You can. Yes, all right. That brings us to-- It doesn't matter. You killed him. You just ultra killed him! (valley girl voice) He is so dead. Oh my god. This ogre is done. (normal voice) All right. The other ogre's angry. It's now the goblins' turn. These goblins rush up. They are dashing forward. You're dealing with the fact that you just fired your gun for the first time and it burned your hands a little. You're like "Ugh!" SAM and Grog is familiar with one thing, fear in the eyes of his enemies. Looking at these goblins, they're not charging to attack. The attacks seem to be instinctual. They are running. They are scared. They are fleeing from something. Grog, it's your turn. Right over here? All right. Go ahead and roll for attack on the first one. That definitively hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 13? Okay. As you rush up, you bring your axe into the first goblin to your right (whoosh) clean. You don't even feel resistance. You hear this little (wheeze) sound as this being is bisected. Its head and upper torso rolling off to the side before rolling to a stop. However, the inertia of your axe still keeps through to the one on the other side of you. Go ahead and roll for your second attack on that. Also hits, go ahead and roll damage. As you cleave through the first goblin, you swing around, another goblin looks up at you, scared, and pulls a dagger out with its gnarled tongue, (hisses), at which point the axe embeds itself straight into its face. Its angry face goes, "Ugh!" and falls slack against your blade. You lift backward, and it's stuck to the edge of your axe. Just limply dangling against-- you shake it off a little bit. Great. That ends your turn. The thing about rage is that you can use your bonus action for a third attack. If you wanted to do a frenzy action, but you don't need to. That brings us to the ogre's turn. The ogre gets up, let's see if it makes its saving throw for an attempt to get out. It does with an 18. However, the ogre gets about that far. It's going to make a double move. I know. He managed to resist it. It's a big ogre. The ogre takes his full turn to get up in melee with you guys. It does not have its attack since it used its full movement there. Once again, you see as it's lumbering forward, it also has this look in its eye of desperation. Now it is Vax's go. Correct. All right. As you dodge to the side, this blur of shadow and speed, you coast up to the side of your sister, dagger both plunge towards the side of the ogre. Go ahead and roll for an attack. All right. Yeah it does because you have another ally adjacent to it. You don't get advantage on the attack roll, but you can still do the sneak attack. Yeah! You can multiply the sneak attack damage. It does. Modifiers don't double, but any dice you roll double. In my game. (clicks tongue) 35 damage. The poison's not going to factor in. You swing past her, both blades jam right into the side of its rib cage. You hear it howl out in pain. As it does, you twist the daggers in a way where both blades are now going in two different directions, and you carve out a section of its entire abdomen. As you do, the flesh, like whale blubber, sloughs off the sides of it. Organs spill out, intestines, and it looks down and tries to pull them back in. You see the color draining from its face, and you lean up and kick it down. The ogre and falls to the ground lifeless, destroyed. Yes. That brings us to Keyleth. There are two goblins left. Right here? Right, here? All right, Wall of Stone. All right. A giant wall of stone now completely seals off that part of the mine. I'm going to say that you moved up to there with your movement. All right, I'd say probably over here, not right next to the goblins and that will give you enough range. Okay, so the wall of stone-- (boom) They are all watching you do this now. They don't want to put their lives at risk, and you guys seem intent on getting into the middle of this battle, so they are going to sit back and let you do it. Make an intimidation check. A very gentle attempt at intimidation, however, the message gets across. The guards look at you, taken off guard. "We don't know! It's been different things. Strange abominations. It's hard to describe. They're put together. Something's making things down there." As they're talking, you hear a (boom) against the stone. The stone cracks, and you can see a noticeable crack and an audible (cracking). Okay, so you come over here. Do you want to bring Trinket with you? All right. Roll stealth both of you. Oh, the ceiling right now is the rest of Kraghammer for the most part. Yeah, it is a huge ceiling. These are braziers here. By the way, Stoneskin goes, this disappears. Yeah, the entanglement is gone. There are minecarts, some rocks, there is a smashed cart over here from when the ogre barreled through. This is a piece of stone that rises about 15 feet, and these are both braziers for light in the center of the area. Yeah, it's hundreds and hundreds of feet up. You can look up to the very top of Kraghammer from here. Whatcha got? Well, let's see. Keyleth, that's your turn, Stoneskin and moving up. Anywhere else you want to go? Right now, we're technically not in combat. Briefly. Okay. Back here. Both of these goblins-- I'll just say that you guys end up taking them down. It's not even a question. You step on them and crush them. You can. Balgus? You tell them, "Get Balgus!" and they're like, "Who?" Some of them have set crossbows up by the way. They're barreling down to get ready to fire at whatever comes through. (impact) Another crack in the wall. You can see the dust settle as the stone cracks again and a large piece at the top tumbles off. The stone wall's probably not going to hold another impact. Anybody else want to move anywhere? Not currently, no. You guys have had a pretty clean sweep into this battle, so far. You can inspire anybody. Just give them a dice. You can spend all your uses to inspire as many people as you have the uses of it. Each of you has to have a single d8 dice, inspiration dice. The bardic inspiration is flowing through you, that you can use to add to an attack roll, not damage. You can add it to an attack roll, a saving throw. There you go. That's what a shawm sounds like, apparently. You can use it on attack roll, a saving throw, or an ability check. Any skill. Tiberius, are you going to stay where you are, are you moving anywhere? Last chance. Right over here? Yeah. Okay, Stoneskin goes away. Nope. They're both concentration spells. Okay, Stoneskin stays on. At which point (boom) the stone breaks through scattering across the ground. Immediately bursting through-- A bulbous, oversized, naga-like creature. You've encountered a naga before, which is a large serpentine creature with a humanoid head. However, this one is swollen, it is bulbous. The way it moves looks unnatural and it has affixed to it not one, not three, but five other different colored naga heads stitched to its body. It is a seriously terrible abomination. As it breaks through the stone, (hisses and growls) all the heads rear back. We're beginning back at the top of the initiative order. Correct, you can, yes. Because this still part of the encounter. That is now marked with the Hunter's Mark. Percy, you're up first. You've had a moment to train. You haven't seen the creature until it just burst out, so it would take you a round to aim. Okay, so you're aiming. That brings us to Tiberius. I'm keeping the same initiative order. Scorching Ray, all right. It makes a saving throw. It does not! Rolled a two, so full damage on it. It's an aimed ray attack? Then you have to roll for the attack. Roll a d20 and add your-- Top of your spell page. 23? 23 hits. 12 points of damage to the naga. That brings us to-- Yeah. Okay, so you fire one beam off and it slams into the side of one of the naga heads. The second you bring back and as you do there's a flicker of arcane instability. His arm shakes as he releases the surge of scorching energy as it blasts into the side of the naga. Also, does not make a saving throw again! Roll full damage. 12? Multiplied? Or did you roll a 12? 12. Times two. 24 points of damage. Next week, you can donate to then. All right, so that brings us to the end of Tiberius' turn. You want to move at all, are you staying where you are? Grog and Vex, you're up. What did you roll for stealth, by the way? What did you roll for stealth, by the way? Then yeah, he has no idea you're there. He sees the bear going (growling). All right, go for it! Arrow once, arrow twice, Legolas style. Okay, so using your bowstring. That he created and crafted! All right so as you pull the second arrow out you nock it. As you let it, go it bursts into flames arcing halfway through the air. What was your to hit roll on that? 21 hits! Well inspiration dice is to hit. 11 points of damage. An additional seven, so 18 total damage and that arrow (impact) in the side of its body. One of the serpent heads reels back from the pain. It begins snatching at where the arrow's now protruding from it, trying to break it off. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. Grog, you're on deck. 14 damage, all right. Both arrows sink into it. Definitely piercing through the scales a little bit, but not sticking too deeply into its body; it's definitely a hearty creature. Grog, you're up! He comes running around, rears back, and takes his double-handed great axe and lobs it overhand. The chain, that's wrapped around your wrist, keeping it attached to you, in some degree. Go ahead and roll for the attack. 17? It just hits! 15 points of damage. The axe embeds itself pretty deeply into the torso. Roll Hunter's Mark damage right now. Six? Awesome. Six damage. All right. Go ahead and roll an athletics check. Roll a d20. It's a DC 12. Plus-- Plus your athletics! 12 is the DC! So yeah! You pull back the chain and as you do, the blade is resisting, it's stuck in the torso and it actually (whoosh) and flies back, and you barely catch it. Now it's its turn. (bursts of wind) For its size, when it moves, it moves in a burst of lightning energy. It's too fast for its corpulent form. As it goes behind to Keyleth and Tiberius, it makes an attack with each of its five heads. Two on Tiberius, three on Keyleth. Remember, you guys have Stoneskin, so I believe you have resistance against damage, right? All right. So. Against Keyleth, it's a natural 20. That's a 12 plus seven, that's going to be a 19 to hit? Natural 20 again. Two critical hits, and a hit on you. On Tiberius, that's a 22 to hit and a 13 to hit. Okay, cool. Against Keyleth, you take-- I know. So you take half damage for these. Which is fine. That's two plus four, that's six, damage halved, you take three damage. Oh, sorry. Three multiplied by two because it's a critical. So you take six damage from the first strike. Not too bad. You take seven damage from the second strike, and another six damage from the 3rd strike. Actually, it would have been six, four and six. Because you have resistance on the damage because of Stoneskin. Yes. However, make a constitution saving throw. As venom from the fangs of the naga begin to pulse into your bloodstream. Yeah, constitution saving throw. Natural one? Natural one on the constitution saving throw. You feel this burning pain pulse into your bloodstream, as your whole body doubles over from the pain. You suffer 31 points of poison damage. Yep. The poison damage is not halved because it is not a physical attack on your body. Tiberius you take 13 points of damage halved by Stoneskin so you take a total of seven. Also make a constitution saving throw. Whatcha got? 16, you manage to physically resist the poison in your system. You feel that slight tinge, the muscles tense, but then your dragonborn form begins to shrug off the effect of the venom. Sure. True dragonborn challenge. That brings us to Vax. You're stealthed currently, so you would technically get a sneak attack, but you have to be in melee for you to get the other bonus. It would be sneak attack for this damage if you were to roll or if you were to throw a dagger at it, you would get the sneak attack. You can throw both daggers at it. You can add it after you make the roll by the way. Because you're a rogue, isn't that critical for you? Two criticals! That also hits. You chuck both daggers out, they both arc around. You're used to throwing around-- For flavor it's fine. Just go ahead, it's fine. Yeah, 44 damage. Rogues, man. No, only one sneak attack per turn. One actually hit one of the heads, one of the various naga heads directly into its face. As it does it goes through both eyes and you can see it begin reeling from the attack. It's looking pretty rough, actually. The stitches beginning to come apart at some of the seams and you can see a black ichorous liquid spill out from some of the suture marks. Because magic. Magic rogue shit. Keyleth, you're up. All right. Makes the saving throw. He gets pushed back, so he takes damage, just half damage. As you're setting up your gun it gets slammed right point blank to you. Four damage, all righty. We'll say for that, because I forgot to bring an eagle, you're now a-- (eagle sounds) That's pretty great. I forgot to mention you actually take half damage for the saving throw for the venom so you still would've taken 14 points of poison damage, so mark that. It is half damage on a save. That brings us to Scanlan. Because you're Scanlan I'll say, yes. You have such a high opinion of yourself that even you could inspire yourself. So yes, why not. There? There. Okay! Straight line that way? You don't have to roll to hit. You just roll damage on that. I make a saving throw. What's your DC on the spell? Top of your spell list. 17? That's a failure on its saving throw. Go ahead and roll 8d6. Bards. Gets spells from other classes. 24 points of lightning damage. How do you want to do this? (yelling) I let the player describe their victory. As you sing to yourself to bolster your arcane energy, you release a shear bolt of energy. How do you want to do this? Because of your bardic ability to actually shape sound from an arcane standpoint, a lightning bolt should be an instant flash of arcane energy, you actually cause it to crawl. You control it as it begins to cascade up the torso of this horrible abomination. As it does you can see the bolts splinter and destroy each suture wound as each of its heads begins to slough off the rest of the torso until nothing is left but the single head screaming into the air. As the bolt makes its way up the neck, its eyes burst out in a blast of energy. The body falls limp to the ground. A Scanlan-shaped lightning bolt is burned into the torso of the strange naga beast. The dust settles, the adrenaline still pumping in your system, Scanlan. All the rest of the dwarves begin stepping down, putting their crossbows down, looking down at the little gnome that created a storm from its hands. One of them pats him on the shoulder and goes, "Well done." "Okay?" "That was pretty cool." All the dwarves look into the tunnel that it came from and the one that you spoke to earlier goes, "So that's the kind of thing that's been coming out of there." We'll go ahead and leave the game there for the night. (cheering) Dude, thank you, Zac! Good! That's good.