Hello and good evening, everyone. Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us voice-actors get together and play Dungeons and Dragons-- crazy, fun, nerdy times. So we are unfortunately missing Travis Willingham again this evening, because he's a pussy and had to go see Avengers tonight, so feel free to let him know on Twitter. But anyway, we have a really fun, action-packed adventure-- as if last week's wasn't tension enough. Let's see how the rest of the group manages to recover from their climactic battle at the top of Emberhold. But in the meantime, let's go ahead and give you an intro and some of the character backgrounds before we come back. [dramatic music] I don't know. It's Joss Whedon (laughs) Oh, that's true. All right, so, welcome everyone. For those of you who's this the first time, (laughs) buckle up for some interesting-- So we're a bunch of voice actors who play Dungeons & Dragons and this is our campaign we've been running for a while. To give you a little heads-up on the story so far, the party was hired to find an individual named Lady Kima, and she is a halfling paladin. The platinum dragon Bahamut is her deity You did. I was going to get to that. (all laugh) Mostly. There's some... You can see four of the five toes. About three and a half. (laughs) This would be the small. Yeah, a little bit. Sure enough. Make a perception check. Glancing around, you start hearing various duergar screams from above as the individuals that were still inside the fortress are in the process of trying to get out, or in the process of slowly melting in the molten rock. What you do also notice is that off towards the bottom base of the stronghold, a number of duergar that reside in the buildings that surround the exterior of Emberhold proper are mounting arms and charging up towards the stronghold to give aid to wherever this seeming, loud shouting and screaming is coming from No, they're far enough away where you don't think it's an issue, and you're off to the side, for the moment. But you do see probably close to 30 to 40 duergar are currently swarming out the small city, making their way towards Emberhold. From what you can see. No. He's in darkness. He can't hear. He's not conscious. You can try to. You currently are carrying two large solid stone statues with you, so it's definitely possible, but you're going to have to come up with a creative way of doing so. Grog had the entire bag of holding. Okay. You can find out. You can. So I will say for this circumstance as you guys are preparing this casting the spell, beginning dragging the stone. The group make an initiative check. Yeah, you have some flashing, there we go. So, 20 plus whatever your initiative modifier is. 27. All right. You guys begin to drag the stone, or (chuckles) your two stone companions across the jagged obsidian floor in this deep, dark cavern. The heat from the nearby lava fall is still causing you to sweat profusely, and you're sore from the previous battle you just endured. Those of you who are wounded, you can feel the stretch of the muscles and tearing of what sinew has taken damage in the process. As you begin to pull, parallel to this duct of lava that pours off the side of Emberhold, you keep low so that you aren't actually blocking the light source, which would be a very keen visual to anything that's looking in that direction from a distance, but you slowly make your way across. At this point, the duergar have not been able to get there before you guys move off from the side, so they haven't caught up to the position you were previously, but they're beginning to swarm around the sides, and you see them yelling at each other and shouting commands. Some of them are starting to grab large rocks and fill in areas of the stronghold. Some of them you can see are robed individuals begin casting spells. You can see portions of other stone walls beginning to mount up and try and block the flow from the interior and exterior of Emberhold. However, you guys are still within eyesight, technically, of any duergar on that side of the fortress, so I'm going to ask everyone now to make a stealth check. Those that are pulling the statues with disadvantage. Correct. To the final roll. They do. Your foot being wounded, though, is a disadvantage right now. So that then goes back down to disadvantage. Just for this circumstance, unfortunately. You're dragging a statue with a partially melted foot right now. So? Plus the ten? All right. All right, so you keep hunched low, slowly (stone grinding noise) dragging these stone obelisks of individuals across the jagged floor. You seemingly do so without any of the duergars' eyes catching you through the low light of the cavern. Partially due to the fact that you guys are doing a pretty decent job and partially the fact they're more obsessed that the central piece of their fortress right now is essentially about to be completely filled with molten rock. About 20, 25 minutes or so, you manage to pull just past where the lava flow dips down into what looks like a small opening in the flooring, and you are past the immediate heat of the magma river. You are now pressed up against the wall of the cavern as it begins to twist around and head downward, further deeper into this subterranean mountainous space. You're all beaten, you're all sore, and currently, what do you want to do? It's the same type of topography you've encountered when you first entered this giant cavern. So you can see large, crooked black spires of obsidian rock shooting up and curving towards the ceiling. It's all over the place. How long does it last? Go ahead and make a perception. Because you are in the Underdark, correct. As she's glancing at that, you make your way about ten minutes away from the area where the rest of the group is currently gathered, keeping a very very close eye on the topography of the wall of the cavern as it slowly curves around and further in that direction. You do manage to find portions of the wall that jut out and leave these small pockets. They themselves might not be super safe for a long period of time, but they give you a little bit of-- Little bit of cover, depending on how well you were to dress. You might be able to see few individuals discovering you if you were to stay there. Okay, so as you walk back to notify the party, you watch as a portion of the mountain seemingly out of nowhere, extends, and a lava flow appears, pouring out of the wall. She was out and about while you did this. So your heart rate eventually normalizes. You do have a decent pocket of space here that as long as nothing attempts to walk into the wall, you should be okay to rest here. You can certainly try. It's a very ramshackle set-up. You do not have an alchemical set, but you can certainly attempt to, using a small fire, a couple of your general smelting tools you use for your metal work. You could attempt to distill it down, but that would be a combination of a tinkering roll on your point, followed up by somebody else's medicine roll to attempt to properly prepare it. Yes. Okay. So as you're having this discussion. Tiberius, you briefly go from this moment in the heat of combat where you feel your muscles intensify and tensing up and not answering to your mind's command as you look up angrily at a series of duergar that have just been blown up by a fireball, to cold taking yourself. And as the cold fades, you are now in the center of a gargantuan cavern surrounded by all of your friends. You guys watch as Tiberius's form fades in through the stone. MARISHA and Clarota, who is currently like staring at the statue of Kima, you can see there's a brief bead of thought behind Clarota's eyes and the voice sinks into the rest of your minds simultaneously. "We may be able to leave her here for safekeeping." "If you insist on bringing her, then we should do it soon. We should not be leaving "anything behind. Trace of our passage." Clarota thinks for a second and says, "It was not my kin that took him but the duergar. If "anything, I imagine he might be residing within that infernal city, though if they've taken him "elsewhere I do not know the way of the ash-skins." Okay. Okay. Classy. As you reach out, the divine energy emanates from Pike's hand that begins to cascade across Kima's form. Kima, who is in mid battle, with her greatsword in the air, as soon as her flesh returns to her, she finishes her swing. However, it does (ping) into the side of your shield and you deflect the blow and you see Kima for a second is like, (panting slowing to normal breathing). She throws the blade down on the ground and goes, "I am so sorry." She reaches around and she pulls her symbol of Bahamut out from her around her neck and just clutches it for a second and says, "What happened?" She turns around and glares at Clarota briefly with a look of confusion and mistrust and Clarota just goes-- (all laugh) She glances back at you and gives under her breath, "And there's a good chance none of us may "be here if it gets its way down the road. (louder) Nevertheless, I thank you. It is good to know at "least we took one of their top champions down. The fact that the queen still exists is worrisome, as "at least from what I seemed to gather she had the true reign over most of the duergar down here." "Where did she escape? How did she take him?" You can attempt that. Six to eight hours is the general long rest period that I would allow for that. LAURA and So you take a moment, you step beyond the boundary of the illusion momentarily, close your eyes and concentrate on that small blip of nature based divine energy that you lent and grappled onto Queen Ulara with. You take a moment and concentrate and you recall her face, you recall, strangely, her scent. In a weird way, the bestial nature of your connection with Trinket and nature, scent is a very strong means of tracking and the scent of a duergar is a very terrible mix between salty brine and earth. Essentially, yeah, yeah. It's Ye Olde Axe. You concentrate on this and you recall the stronghold, you begin to see a trace where all of a sudden her path in the stronghold is fading and is cold. A new path has opened up in the center of the duergar city at the base of the stronghold. It seems to have moved slightly in that direction, but you can't pinpoint where, and is currently at rest somewhere in that vicinity. Essentially, where the cavern kind of rises up and meets the wall, Emberhold is at the top of that rising of the ground, and Emberhold lies there, where all the lava pours down and trickles down. You guys are off to the side. This whole portion of the floor that crawls up to Emberhold is covered in duergar buildings. It is a small city that surrounds it. She resides somewhere in the center of that. They are a little bit above. You guys are at a lower point, as the actual ground you follow curves around and descends. You glide through the earth. Essentially. It doesn't work that way. (all laugh) Kima comes over, Kima puts her hand out a little bit and says, "It's all right, he's a "strong one, he can handle himself. If I could survive what I've been through, he can do far "better than that. Rest is good. I think we need to take some time, discuss our plan of attack, our "current direction, and decide on how we'll move forward." She glances briefly over at Clarota, who's now further back towards the wall just sitting in this meditative state. "So. Let us rest." You have not encountered a person with any sort of physical marring to this degree, necessarily, and those that usually did, it was a permanent thing. So this is something that you would have to experiment with. You could certainly try. Possibly. All right. All right so go ahead and roll the corresponding dice for that. 4d8 + 5 Is what it would be. Very much so. Plus your modifier, which is five. Your song of rest would actually be of aid to this. All the healers convene, Scanlan begins-- As you take the healing energy you've gathered from your own nature-based casting, you infuse the healing spell. You do how many points of healing from the spell? 27. Go ahead and make a medicine check. Roll a d20, and add your proficiency modifier 21. As you finish the spell, you can see where the mostly-gone second small toe has grown to mostly a full toe, and there's a small stub where the little one is. You're promoting a level of divine regeneration at a very, very slow pace. You've never attempted this before, and there is some progress, but this may be an over time thing you have to do. Once a day, you might want to attempt this and eventually he probably will recover. But not immediately. "I think I should." "If you're worried about the mind flayer, I'll be keeping an eye, but nothing beyond that. "Remember he has to make the side-step, the wrong step, before I take any action. Trust and know "that if I were to strike a blow, it's at his own poor choice and actions." Make an insight check. Insight. She seems to be true. She is legitimately concerned about Clarota. But also understands that at this moment, it has not done anything to necessarily draw her blade. Clarota says, "Should you insist." And Clarota's image shimmers and vanishes. As you guys are all going to sleep, Kima's still sharpening her sword and she stops for a second and goes, "Everyone, I'm sorry you've lost your friend. If he lives, we shall find him." "But if they have indeed taken him prisoner and Emberhold is lost, there is only one place "they would bring him Yug'Voril." "Considering the mess that you've made since entering their realm of living and work, you'd "make for a great gift to their current standing demigod. If we aren't able to find him within the "city, I think that may be the next place to look." "Not as long as you're keeping concentration, we should be fine." There's a softness that hits Kima's face and you can see a bit of a quiver to her chin and she goes, "The guilt I feel for unknowingly putting you all in danger for my sake is immense. It's "because of me and my actions that you even delved this far and nearly lost life and limb, merely at "the behest of Allura and... I want you all to know that I appreciate it. I really, truly do." "I would really appreciate it to speak to Tiberius." She chuckles a moment and says, "All right. Allura is a good friend. Well we've known each "other for... gods, 15 years now. Since we defeated the Scourged Rider, together. But she has always "had more of a political mind than I do, so, when we were both offered a seat on the council of "Tal'Dorei and Emon she stayed, and I... I'm a woman of action, and I "knew my destiny was out in the world." Her eyes have glazed over and are staring off into the distance. (all laugh) "I was speak to Allura of your honor and deeds, Tiberius. We try to have drinks and swap "stories every few months. She's a good one." She takes a moment to herself and looks around at the rest of you and says, "The cruel "king. Who dealt the final blow?" She steps up and walks over to you and puts a hand on your shoulder and gives you a stern look in the eye and shakes your shoulder. She's a halfling, so she's not too much taller than you. (all laugh) "Good. The cruel king is down, and I thank you for that." She walks back to the little perch on the rock at the side of the wall and says, "He tried to break me. Relish in his false "superiority. Dragging hooks across my flesh, underestimating the will of a servant of "Bahamut." "Murder and justice are two entirely different things and the deities of all good saw "to it that this King's time was limited." "No, but we enact them, as long as we work within your plans to keep us safe." "My life has been given to guidance of the platinum dragon, who has not seen nothing but the "positive direction for all of your species, mine and the rest of humanity, that exists in the "material plane. You would do well to not disrespect one who looks out for you, even though "you may not look up to him for guidance. The reason these lands that you grew up in are safe "and free, as much as they are, are because of the sacrifices of my brethren who came before me under "his light and guidance. I'm not saying you to worship him-- each one has their own gods of "choice. I just say, show some respect." "I watched as they executed my companions! The wondrous men and women who came down to these "caverns at my sides with my coin in their pockets, with the promise of justice. And they laughed as "they cut their throats before me, hoping it would be able to crack me. It was Bahamut's strength "that held me there." Kima takes a step forward towards Keyleth. And as you look up at her face, there's a tension, but you can see now that she's stepped near in to you, towards what little bit of light seems to cascade through this cavern, there are tears streaking down her face. "They tried all they could to break me, but I knew my destiny would not end here. I have a "destiny that does not end here." She puts a hand up towards you. "Child, let me explain to you why we are here. As while you "may have stepped into the pretense of keeping me out of harm's way, there is a purpose that I and "now all of us serve, here in the Underdark. Now, I've been on this journey for more than a year, "traveling wherever the wind took me, finding where my gift would find an end to suffering, justice to "the wicked and comfort to the downtrodden. I'd just returned from the frozen tundra northeast of "these Cliffkeep mountains, heading to meet with Allura, the same friend who brought you here." "Shh." "My vision came to me. I'm sure you're familiar with visions. The great platinum dragon "bestowed upon my humble self a dream. I saw an ancient vision of the great and terrible god of "undeath himself Orcus. His crimson, leathery skin and endless wings rumbling through the Abyss "itself. He had chosen a champion, one that would unite the material world and the heart of the "Abyss, bringing a doorway of oblivion to our world. He cut from his own head two of his "terrible black horns, placing them upon the brow of this chosen warrior, his avatar to these "realms, granting him power no mortal should ever have. "I saw heroes, long forgotten, rise up to destroy this shadow champion, losing much in the ensuing "battle. Loss, far more than you or I will ever know. The body of the avatar was burned away, but "the horns of Orcus remained. Untouched by flame, blade, nor divine judgement. These keepers of the "horns had a title that time has taken and the whereabouts of the artifacts that had been, "thankfully, lost as well. "Until the next dream dispelled my confusion. I felt a cackling entity of immense power, who had "discovered one of the holding vaults, never meant to be found. This creature obsessed, spent all "their attention to unlock the promised treasure within and over time, they did. One of the two "horns had found a new champion, one who now resides deeper within the Underdark here. One "we've now known to be called K'varn. This one who has united the illithid and the duergar alike "under a banner of madness, expansion, and mockery of life. I've seen these experiments, as have you. "This is what I came down here to dispose of, once and for all. "Now, I hired some of the finest warriors in Kraghammer for this, all of whom have been slain "or worse. That guilt weighs upon my soul. And this very quest, whoever this K'varn monstrosity, it "holds the horn of Orcus upon its brow. My visions have told me that we must destroy it and must do "so soon. If it had already unlocked the artifact's true potential, Kraghammer would be a ruin before "you even arrived. But it's only a matter of time. We must end K'Varn and retrieve this horn and "return it to the Tal'Dorei council to discuss how to seal it once more, hopefully for all of "eternity. "Your friend's loss is a terrible thing, but we will try to find him and should we not, understand "that his sacrifice was not in vain. For we're here not to save one, but thousands, hundreds of "thousands of lives, if we succeed. So we sleep, we rest, we find your friend and we destroy this, "this abomination, this anathema." She picks up her blade, sits back down and goes back to sharpening (sounds of a sharpening stone hitting blade). (bear sounds and sniffing) Trinket comes up and curls next to you. The evening goes by, uneventful. Occasionally, you stumble out of your rest, keep an eye out. The beacon still resides. From what you can imagine, a natural body sleep cycle that you're used to passes. A few begin to wake up before the others, as you have no daylight to ascertain whether it is day or night. Indeed, who knows what it is at this point. Just wake up in a puddle of his own dragonborn filth? Yes, you've all healed completely at this point. You had an evening's rest. You get your spells back. Your mark? Wait, your mark, your Hunter's Mark, which you can feel, the magic of it is slowly waning as the spell comes to the end of its effective period, is moving. It's moving out of the city. Best you can tell, it's heading towards the opposite side of the cavern towards where it curves down, deeper and below. To where you guys are? If you're looking out from next to the Emberhold, it's to your right, curving down and around. All right. To take back the child, which you have stolen. Yes, the side of Emberhold, which you followed the curvature of this giant cavern around and you slept on the side, up against the wall, using the illusion, the illusory terrain. You're already away from Emberhold, you're on the side of the wall, maybe about a quarter to a half a mile further down. You'll head down further into the cavern, seemingly in the direction where her Hunter's Mark is currently leading, which has now faded. All right. You're sweeping behind the group as they're all moving along. With your imaginary brush. That's all right. All right, you do that. All right, so. Okay, so your Ioun Stones are now slowly rotating around your head. Well, you can only have one up at a time. Yeah, okay, good. You said stones, so. I know. So moving around your head slowly. All right, so the rest of you gather, you cast your spell Pass Without a Trace. You continue to crest along the outskirts of the cavern wall at this point. Looking over, you can see, throughout the night, most of the fortress, currently-- the lava fall that once contained it is completely cooled and is dark. It looks like their way of stopping the flow was to stop the entire magma fall. Who knows how much damage has been done, but currently the flow is halted and you can see now, there's a number of parties of duergar that are wandering out, through the cavern, presumably in search for you. As you say that, she grins to herself and says, "I would like that very much. I had some "sentimental value to that equipment." "And there is a vault." "I think right now time is of the essence for your friend more than anything." "Besides, I highly doubt that that stronghold has been left alone, just because it's "filled with rock." Okay, so as you guys progress on the side, I would like everybody to roll a stealth check, please. You still have disadvantage, but you have advantage with your cloak, so you're neutralized. You're a normal roll right now. No, you have disadvantage still. Plus ten. Essentially, as opposed to having this minutiae of reminding you all to eat, I just consider when you rest and take short rests, you're snacking and resting. Otherwise, we communally spend ten minutes a game talking about what you ate. If food begins to become scarce, which it may in time, I'll let you know. It's like pork rinds (chuckles). All right. So, as you continue down this cavern, you begin to see the search parties in the distance and you keep low and watch as they pass. Some of them have small, that red glowish stone torches set out to keep their vision about. You can see a few of the parties returning to the city. Eventually, you guys begin to crest down deeper and dropping into a small decline as this giant, almost hatchback cavern where most of the duergar civilization is built in comes to an end. You begin to travel deeper, deeper into the Underdark caverns below. As you're continuing forward, you find a very very familiar scent catches your attention immediately, as you're tracking through, trying to keep your attention on possibly any sign of Grog. It's the smell of blood. It's the smell of fresh blood. Fresh-ish. Fresh-ish blood, if you will. You smell fresh-ish blood. You immediately glance over and you can see on the side of this cavern, which is about 50, 60 feet wide at this point, as it's come to a pinching point leading downward, you can see a spatter of blood across the wall to your immediate left, and what looks like a mangled mass of what once was a duergar, currently just torn asunder across this rock wall. Go ahead and make an investigation check. You check and look around on the ground as well, you unfortunately, as you look around, you're not able to pick up the fine details. You, however, just being naturally understanding of the Underdark, as well as having the previous knowledge of inspecting the initial camp yes, these tracks are very similar. You see what looks like these strange dragging marks on the ground, these elongated ones. No footprints. Occasionally you see what looks like a human-sized footprint as well, and then these drag marks. You also notice that there is just beyond the rock threshold, as you step over towards the wall, you see three other duergar bodies that are torn asunder. Many of them partially eaten and violently torn apart. Some parts are scarred, some sort of acidic burn, and you see tooth marks, you see claw marks and you see portions of limbs that have been pulled off by sheer force. You certainly can. 26. It's weird. There are elements of the drag marks on the ground that resemble a creature that has pseudopods or some sort of a tentacle-like mass, but you know of no natural creature that also has this power, this type of hunting technique, nor would be this far underground. Go ahead and make a tracking check, so just go ahead and roll a d20. You have advantage, because you're in the Underdark. It should be under your tracking ability under your ranger abilities there. In your spells, under you ranger abilities. I'll see if I find it before you. It's on the sheet I gave you, with all your character stuff. That one. The one that's easiest. Okay. It's a survival check. There you go. You have advantage on it. 22. All right. Looking around, what you do find is, there is a very familiar scent that a goliath barbarian does have. You, using Trinket's help, as you yourself are not quite as attuned, Trinket does pick up a little bit of Grog's scent in this pathway. So Trinket (moans) gives you a nudge and points deeper down the cavern. And you can see what looks to be a smattering of small duergar-sized feet and two grooves. About two-inch-wide grooves that continue down the path. It could very well be wheel tracks. They're consistent and their width is consistent. Keeping your eyes peeled, you travel for another two and a half hours down this cavern path. It grows tighter at points where you can only really fit three or four individuals through, it's about 20, 25 feet wide, then opens up sporadically into other small pockets, where the natural topography of this portion of this Underdark cavern structure seems to weave and bend. The warmth and that sulfurous smell that was intrinsic to the duergar portion of this cavern that you were so used to, begins to slowly fade and temperature begins to drop. Still uncomfortable, but it's growing more humid as opposed to dry heat. After another hour of travel, keeping your eyes out, the temperature drops significantly and is actually quite cold. The heat in the volcanic portion of this cavern structure apparently has passed you now, and you've hit an area of the rock where it is a much more chilled, much more ominous-- Human? Humid? The humidity begins to fade as well. The air becomes a dry cold. You eventually using, which by the way the only light source you have going forward is the light from your staff. I assume you've had it up this whole time or you've been walking in the darkness. (chuckles) You continue down and the topography, which was once the black, jagged obsidian flooring of the previous portion of the Underdark, begins to give way to a more natural gray sand-type texture. Your feet sink about a quarter inch or so with each step, and you get about ten, 15 feet before the color of the sand and the texture changes dramatically. It looks almost like a peppering of small whitish-yellow stones and rocks, as well as bits of black and grey. It's like a giant, rocky pit out in front of you. You find sand and then the sand eventually gives way to like larger pieces of these rocks and stones. Essentially. Okay, go ahead and make an investigation check. 15. Checking the walls immediately in your vicinity, you see there are signs of mining, but they're old, they haven't been used in a while. You can see some veins that are dried up. Looks like maybe the duergar had business down here mining. Sure, go and do that. What did you roll? What are you checking? What are you checking? Nothing arcane seems to emanate from the vicinity. You seem to be still in the Underdark, but the Underdark in general you're familiar with; your training and studying on the denizens of it, what things to look for. This is not a natural or overall occurrence you've read about before. Not per se. Rolled a 16? As you're looking around, you go and inspect the stones. What you do notice is, they're not stones. There are pieces of glass, little shards of actual volcanic glass scattered across this entire field mixed with an endless seemingly sea of small bone chunks. Pieces of bone that have been rounded off, ground, broken. They're ancient. It's hard to see. Most of the bones that have been here, have been around long enough to the point where they've eroded, been broken, destroyed over and over again to the point where you can't discern any of the original creatures they may have come from. It's just a sea of bone, obsidian glass, and small bits of stone that have fallen from the actual nearby cavern. Go ahead and make a perception check. 18? You look past the barrier of his light spell, because you can only get a little bit past that due to your elven low-light vision. You do notice there are occasionally some spires of natural rock, some stalagmites that are jutting out in the distance, and you see what looks like some semblance of a ruined wall just beyond the edge of the vision. Like a crumbled, small wall. Certainly. All right, so how does your primeval awareness work, miss ranger? Right. Which are? What you do gather, you do sense a very strong force of aberration-based, much further, like five miles ahead, way ahead, and you have this weird, "Okay, good to know." You don't sense anything else, but you do sense a general presence about this entire sea of bone. As you move to either edge, you can see the wall comes to a straight meeting with this. Aside from the climbing the walls proper, you have no other way of traversing this. Yes. The cavern itself is about 120 to 150 feet wide. You don't see the ceiling right now. Correct. From what you can tell, it just opens up and then continues and then darkness. You cannot see beyond it. There are a couple of small spires about 60, 70 feet out. Around you? Most everything that's grabbable are part of it, yeah. You look around and find a small pebble, and you chuck it (sound of pebble flying through air and landing) It arcs around, bounces a bit, and comes to rest. Once again, there's something about this whole area, there's a presence about it. It's ominous, and everywhere about this floor. Okay, cast out an arrow. As it shoots over, arcs through the air. You get a look of the cavern. You can see it's a large, arched, natural cavern with a number of hanging stalactites at the top. It goes up, arcs past, and then lands probably about a half a mile down the way. Really nice shot. And it lands with a (impact noise). With what little bit you can see through the arc, this path just continues and continues and continues for that full half mile. You do get a nice view of what looks to be more of these little, central pieces of broken wall. Looks like there was either a small series of structures or buildings that were built once within this cavern that have all completely crumbled to ruin with but a few small bastions of foundation that still remain. How big is the wall you can make? You saw about a quarter to a half mile. This seems to continue. Do you step out a little bit into the area? Hand on the wall? I mean, it's a wall. But you step out with your hand on the wall. All the way up to the wall. So, using a very earthbender-y hand motion, you take a portion of the wall right next to you, send it outward and begin to shape it into this large cylinder-- Disc-like platform, that's (boof) on the ground, right at the base of the platform. Trinket weighs more than that. Trinket, I mean, looking at it, you haven't really weighed her yourself, you gather-- Trinket weighs approximately-- (all laugh) Trinket's probably close to a thousand. Quarter to a half mile from what you can tell, like I said, you only have vision enough to where the arrow arced and it was a very long arc, that just trailed off so you gather anywhere between a quarter to a half mile. Oh it's probably about 60, 70 feet out. The perpetual presence that you sense across the entirety of this bed of bone and glass, if you had to describe it, it has some sort of undead-ish realm. It's not your specialty, I mean it is, like undead creatures are, and the presence is similar to that. You instinctively glance around, you look down, and you notice your holy symbol of Sarenrae has a hairline fracture in it. What was once a perfect and impeccable sphere of design-- you've had this your entire life, you look down and see, you don't know how recently, but a portion of the metal symbol itself is cracked. Your Mending Wheel, which was where? It was in the Bag of Holding. The Mending Wheel's this big. You haven't been carrying it with you this entire time! (laughs) Tiberius. (bear noises) (laughs) Trinket glances over at you with a look in the eye of like-- Trinket's form (shwoop) shifts down into this tiny white puffball with a pushed-in nose. You sense immediately, Trinket is not necessarily pleased, but will deal with it. All right, so you all hop onto this giant stone. It's really cramped, you're all shoulder-to-shoulder pushed onto here, clutched onto your new Persian cat. Kima and Clarota step onto it. Okay, how much weight can you push through Telekinesis? Okay. Yep. Kima weighs 105. With all of her armor, she'd be 105. Clarota can float. Does that still fall under a thousand total? Rock's 100 pounds? That's not a lot of stone. That's a very thin piece of stone. All right. Okay, all right, so you all stand on the platform. It (straining noises) rises up, and it's one of those all of you have to gather yourself, but nevertheless it is now floating. How long does it last, concentration wise? All right. So, as Tiberius begins to concentrate, the stone begins to glide out over this expanse of broken bone and obsidian glass. Okay, so you're cresting about six feet. You have to move it around occasionally to avoid some of the large stalagmites that are jutting out of the bones. Okay. You guys, keeping an eye out, you see more and more of this ruin, and you can see the the further in you go, you start seeing bits of bone that are larger than what's near the edge. You start seeing bits and pieces that are full bones, so they've been more-- still rounded and weathered, but they're less ground down as supposed to the edges where most of the traction seems to be. You get about 300 feet out before you hear a loud, echoing scream across the cavern. (loud yell) In front of you guys. It's male, and it's loud. Correct, okay. As you speed up and continue-- Okay. All right, so Keyleth, you transform maintaining concentration on Polymorph for Trinket, I believe, right? All right. It's not a spell, it's an effect you do. So you (whooshing noise) you transform into a giant eagle, you grab both the gnomes, you guys are lifted up off the platform as the platform continues to push forward. A little bit more. As you're pushing forward you feel the stone itself has this weird wobble to it, but you still manage to keep concentration, pushing forward. Eventually, the little bit of light from your Light spell cascades past one of these joining parts of a wall, and then beyond that you can see what looks like a few other stone pillars that are sticking up. And you see what looks to be a small party of duergar that are in the middle of battle. There is one duergar who is splattered across the bone floor. You see a troll that is currently in the middle of a fistfight with something that's moving extremely fast. This blur of motion. You can barely make out the physical form before the troll turns and runs in your direction, surprised to see the light coming towards you, and in its expression of extreme confusion and fear, you see something (whoosh) past, and its head just (soft falling sound). Rolls off the top of his shoulders. (crashing sound) The troll body hits the ground. As it does you see bits of bone begin to rise up and pull the troll down underneath. As you guys begin to push forward you can see two of the duergar are now backing up instinctually. One looks down at his feet now that have been grabbed, and he's being pulled under, and he just starts trying to wrestle himself free. This blur of motion jumps off one of the platforms, spins in the air, and lands with a slam that completely splatters across the rock that he's right next to. This duergar, you can see part of his jaw go flying off to the side and silence hits him in the middle of his scream. The last duergar there, you can see who's looking around, sees the stone platform, and goes, "Let me "on! Let me on!" He goes running over and is trying to jump up towards the stone platform you guys are on. Well, he's going to go ahead and try and grab it with an athletics check-- he makes it! (latching noise) He gets onto the side. Okay, okay. You go ahead and (punch thud noise). You just beat him in the face. He holds tight. You're not a very strong person, unfortunately. "I don't know! Get it away! Get it away!" Okay, so, using that you glance down and in this brief moment where it seems like the cacophony of this entire circumstance slows down (slowing sound noise). And your eagle eyes glance down, and you can see in a brief moment the blur stops. You see a humanoid form. Looking at the body and the torso, it looks elven. Its very thin and gaunt legs dangling as four giant, jagged-looking tentacles sprout from both sides of its torso, holding it aloft. Two lifting it off the ground and keeping its body suspended, while two are (fwhoosh) whipping around in the process. As you're glancing, you see its head (cracking noise) glance up toward the wall. These blank, white eyes shooting around in different directions spontaneously, with this maddening look. Whatever this is is clearly insane and is currently driven on some sort of hunger bloodlust. The stitch marks you see across its body are very reminiscent of the earlier abominations that you saw, created by K'varn and sent throughout this cavern structure. You guys haven't yet. At the moment, you're talking to this dwarf or you're shoving him off the platform. (laughs) All right. As you chuck the duergar through the air, the creature who briefly had stopped, and you guys now see its motion stop, and you get a full view of its horrible form. (grunting, panting sounds) All right, you cast True Strike on yourself? On him? All right, so it stops for a second. You guys all get a view of its vision. As it's looking up towards where Keyleth is, suddenly its head (shh) snaps back into focus as the duergar goes swinging through the air. As it does (snarling) it licks its lips and you can see now, where its mouth is, the lips curl back and the jaw splits open slightly with this horrible Predator-like fanged jaw, and the two tentacles that are currently up in the air reach out, grab, and (tshhh) just split it in two. Its torso then divides and sprays it with crimson as it (tongue flicking noise) licks it out of the air. (breathy growling) Everyone roll initiative. All right. I'm using this as the figure for the creature. Yes. Gotcha. So! For the purposes of this, the two gnomes are alongside Keyleth's eagle form. What? Yes, we are. Let me pull them out right now over here. There's the rest of you. Although, Trinket is a kitten. This is the stone slab over here that you guys have created. All right, so. Initiative rolls, everyone. Starting at... 25 to 20? All right. That puts Vex at the top of the round there. And brings-- there we go. 20 to 15? 18? 15 to ten? Ten to five? (laughs) Okay. Pike, what did you get? Okay, yay, Pike, bringing up the rear! Top of the round is the monstrosity. It is a very quick-- move the camera. Follow me this way. There we go. (all laugh) This is going to be at you guys. This is going to be one at Kima, one at you and one at Tiberius as you are the three currently within its positioning view. First one is going to be at you. Oh, that is going to be a 14 to hit? All right, so you (whoosh) dodge out of the way. The one towards Kima. Oh that's going to be a 15 to hit, which it strikes her armor, but she manages to pull out of the way and it gleans off the side and you can see a little bit of this acid scarring across the edge of her leather armor. The third strike going out towards Tiberius (swoosh). That is (laughs) a critical one. It actually whips out and strikes the bottom of the stone you guys are standing on, which rocks it for a second, and you all essentially get worried but it seems to have no effect. That was a really terrible opening round for the creature. Oh yeah. That brings us to Vex. All right so you mark him Do it. He is Hunter's Marked and I'm putting this on here as a reminder of your mark. Isn't it though. Correct. that was your bonus action. All righty, thorn hail him. Okay! Okay, so as you pull back your arrow, you pull it up, you can see the thorns (thoosh) actually grow rather rapidly out of the wood itself and as you pull back, the bowstring itself ignites setting the bow, the shaft of the arrow on fire as well as you release, rolling? 22 to hit? That hits. Correct, plus the fire damage which is 1d10. Okay and then roll technically 4d10 because it's the fire. Yeah! So 21 plus 14? 35 points of damage. Nice. So you release (soosh). Yep, there you go. That's why you did it. Nice, 41 points of damage in the first attack from the ranger. All righty, so you release the arrow as the creature (woosh) shifts into place, it lashes out with all its tentacles and as it pulls back, looks like it's ready to pounce you release the arrow right towards its torso, it hits, and it looks down instinctually and it bursts into a spray of thorns all over its face and its torso and you can see it (monster screech) reels back from the pain, you can see the flames licking up over the front of its body. You can see there's a semblance of clothing on it. Whatever this thing once was, it's still wearing the clothing it had and a portion of it has burned off part of the torso. Whoever this poor soul once was, there is no shred of humanity left in it. And that's your turn, and you're holding a kitten. Oh, he's tucked into you? Okay. That brings us to Tiberius, you're up. Tiberius, what are you doing. What you got? What you got? It's about 15 feet round. Okay. So the platform comes cascading down at a fair speed immediately breaking over this creature, as it is a pretty thin wall to have only been about 100 pounds. It completely shatters over the top of it. Everyone who was on that platform, go ahead and make a dexterity check. Correct. All right so. Oh, Pike's not there. Yes. 12. All right. So all the rest of you manage to leap off and tumble the best you can to catch yourself-- except for Tiberius. You do. You're still on the platform. It just shattered around you. So you however fall prone on the ground from the impact and land on the ground. That's also going to end your turn. Unfortunately not, due to the failed dexterity save. It practically knocked the wind out of you due to the impact. That was the unfortunate part of missing that dexterity check. However, it does deal from the crushing damage to the entity that'll be I'll say 3d10 points of damage. I'll see if it makes its save to reduce to half. Which it does. Rolled a 21. What's your DC in your spell? So it makes its save, so it's half damage. Roll 3d10 and it's half that. Okay, so it takes a total of nine points of damage. Crushing damage from the blow of the stone on top of it. Nice. As it (crssh) shrugs off bits of chunks of stone that are around its body, you can see a little bit of blood is being pulled to the seams of its body. It's taken some hits. It's still doing all right but it's definitely-- you can see it's not impervious by any means. That brings us to Vax. Your Boot of Haste. Oh yeah I was messing around. You unfortunately do not get sneak attack on this. It knows where you are. You do not get the round before it-- nobody else is adjacent to it because everyone else had to jump off the platform. Currently no. You are the closest one to it because everyone had to jump off as it fell, and the fact that as soon as you rush towards it, its head (cracking noise) clicked over its back and looked straight at you, almost the neck bending in the process. No, this creature is really quick and very aware of its surroundings. 23. That does hit. You do. What did you roll a one? Okay, so the first strike hits. The second one, you feel the poison energy pulse through the blade. What's the DC on that again? That hits. You feel the poison (crssh) enter its side, and it looks down-- oh, it is immune to poison. Sorry. Oh, abyssal abominations! So the second blade goes in. The third one, you go ahead and swing towards it, and it (splssh) actually slaps the blade out of your hand and sticks to the ceiling. (whoosh) Thankfully, it returns back to your belt because magical belts are cool. All right, cool. That ends your turn. Kima's turn. Kima, who just managed to land, grabs her sword and reaches over. You can see the divine energy instilled within her blade. She is going to make two attacks against the creature. She rushes towards it on that side there. It's going to be yeah, 17. That'll hit. That's 27 to hit, and then a natural 20. So a hit and a critical. She's going to go ahead and get 15 damage from the first strike. Second one is going to be... All right, as she strikes it both times with the sword, you can see the first strike hits and the second one, she swings around and she instills with her Divine Smite, which does an additional eight points of divine damage. The second strike, as it slashes across, you can see the torso splits open. As the torso opens up, you can see a part of its guts spill out, and they begin to slowly pull themselves back in. (laughs) Scanlan you're up. You guys are up in the air being held by her. Probably actually I'd say... You guys are about 30 feet up right now. Okay, what's the range on that? No it's a male elf. What's the range on that, Scanlan? You're about 70 feet. You can hold your turn if you want to wait for Keyleth to go. Yeah. Meaning if you're waiting for someone else to take their turn first, you can hold back until they do theirs. So you can wait for her to pull you closer. All right, gotcha. All right. Clarota takes his turn. Clarota is going to... the situation's too dangerous to do anything Lightning Bolt related. Clarota instead is going to use Mind Blast against the creature. No that's no good either, at this positioning-- yeah no, because he'll get a bunch of you guys, too. Instead Clarota is going to... No. Clarota's not really the healing kind. Clarota is going to cast Blur on himself to try and keep it from taking one of these points of wound damage. So he uses his turn to cast Blur. Clarota's form begins to shift and vibrate in and out of place where it's hard to see exactly where Clarota is standing. Clarota is going to take two steps back, unfortunately in the threat range of the creature. It gets (whoosh) a reaction to attack against Clarota. Thanks to the Blur spell, though, it misses entirely. So the strike strikes and it passes through with no effect. Clarota moves behind one of the rocks here, actually this far, for cover. That ends Clarota's turn. Keyleth you're up. Like over where? You can, but you're going to have to let go of the gnomes to do so. You hear (bird noises). All right, so both of you guys make acrobatics checks. Disadvantage for you because of your armor. Not for acrobatics, you don't. Okay. All right. As both of you guys get released as you go to perch on these rocks. Okay. So we'll put you there. Keyleth, no longer an eagle. This is out of the way. You guys both land here and here. I'm considering you on the rock, but I don't want to have to try and balance you right there. Scanlan, you land, catch yourself on the bones, and you're fine. Pike, you sink into your waist at the impact. Speed and the way your inability to catch your weight and use it. You just go (schoomp). Just stick directly into the bone up to your waist. Percy you're up! Right. Sorry, you turn back. So Keyleth, what are you doing? Yeah. I would say, based on the description of it here... Ten foot by ten foot panels. Alternatively, you can create ten foot by 20 foot panels that are only three inches thick. So yes, you can, you can create any shape you desire, so you can make it a doughnut hole type thing if you want to. So, it's just around all of you guys or underneath everybody? Okay. You might not be able to get Pike. No, because there would be a weird loop there. I would say you can either get Pike or you can get these guys here. That's about where you're going to call it. What are you going to do? The wall comes out and it stops there. That's as far as you can get it. This whole area now is a wall. It pops you out of the stone as the stone lifts you up. You have to catch yourself for a second, but it's not so abrupt to the point where you get knocked off the side. You're all lifted up about ten feet. So just mark that area as stone wall. Got it. Except for douchebag. After Percy, and then it's your turn. You all get to hold at the same time, so. Percy. You don't know. It took one reaction against Clarota. Okay. Go for it. 14 does not hit, unfortunately. 28 will. So the first shot, you shoot, the body just goes (sound of air splitting speed) and totally unnatural sense sees where the aim is and is already out of the way before the bullet gets there. Returns, but you catch it up with the second shot from the Pepperbox, and blast in the side of its chest. Go ahead and roll damage. Six points of damage. All righty. Right here? That's going to, with your run speed, you're going to have to do that next turn. You don't have enough action to do that, but you get to it. Scanlan, you're up! Are you using your hand cone? I assume you do, for the most part. So what's your DC with that? Good. All right, fails its roll. ORION AND As you release the arcane essence, you can see this darkness spill up and completely cascade over the white, almost soulless, freaking out eyes of this creature. It's very Silent Hill in the way it moves. Suddenly, its eyes (shhh noise) fill over with darkness, and you can see it beginning to writhe and move around like it's unable to truly grasp the full surroundings. It appears to have taken effect. Take your 1d8 inspiration. All right. That ends your turn, Scanlan? You're going to stay right there? You're on top of the wall, right here. Okay. Pike, you're up. Yes, on top of this wall here. You roll and add your spell attack modifier to it, I believe it is, to hit for Guiding Bolt. I'm pretty sure, yeah. It should be in the description. Your spell attack. It's on your spell page, top of your spell page. You haven't used it in a while. Yeah. 23 does hit! 4d6 points of radiant damage to it. Yes. You can't add that to damage. It's only to hit. 19. So, as you look down, you grab your holy symbol, and even though it is cracked, you still feel the presence of Sarenrae looking down upon you. The divine energy coalesces in your hand, and you throw it forward with a divine wrath as it streaks across the air. It slams into the side of this weird twisting abomination, and as it blasts into it you can see its tentacles reel back and pull back in severe pain and it roars this horrible, screeching (bleeegrh screech) scream into the cavern around you, echoing down the hall. It's looking a little rough. That's your action. You can move if you'd like. Move along the wall, or hop off it, or whatever you want to do. All right. So currently, because it's-- So technically, I should have remembered this, but you hit anyway while it's blinded, attacks against it have advantage. And its attacks have disadvantage. So, as a note. Top of the round, now, the monstrosity goes ahead and gets its round. It's going to go ahead and lash outward. Thinks people are around it, seeing the wall go up, it's going to swing out towards you. All right, that is a 16 versus armor class. Nice! So, as it swings out towards you on the wall, you duck out of the way just in time. A second tendril (whoosh, swish) reaches out and is going ahead and head forward... let's see. This one's probably going to make its way either between your foot or Scanlan on the wall. I'm going to roll to see who it goes for. Goes for Tiberius. That is 16 versus armor class again. 17? Nice! Let's see... Third strike is going to whip around and attempt to grab... roll between both... Okay, it's going to go for Lady Kima. And that's a natural 20. Well, actually, no, technically it would've still been a 15, so it's not a critical, but it still hits. Unfortunately, without her full armor, her AC is not that crazy. So it's not a critical. That's nice. That brings it to a total of 18 points of damage with an additional six acid damage to Lady Kima. And the tentacle (whoosh) wraps around her and grapples her in place, and she's currently held in place by its tentacle. She stays where she is. It is now going to attempt to leap away. It brings all of its tentacles to the ground and (whoosh) leaps up into the air. You get one attack of opportunity against it. 27 does hit. No. 11 points of damage? All right. It takes 11, and it leaps away, (whoosh) taking her with it, and here, it's actually going to land about there, and you can see as it leaps away and lands, the wounds you guys have left on it are slowly healing. Vex, you're up. Okay. All right. Go for it. Roll for strikes. You have advantage on these strikes, by the way. Well, actually, let me see, because I think it gets a save each turn to try to get rid of your blindness, which it does not make. Okay. So still blinded. Hits. Definitely. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage on both attacks. First one with the extra d10 for Blazing Bowstring. This arrow once again, you pull out, burst into flame (whoosh). The heat is a bit strong for your face, but you release it forward; it actually impacts into your damage. Streaks across with an arc of fire, and slamming into its side, dealing? All right. Second one? Nice! All right. She's already attacked, but to other people, you can. And you can do it after they roll. If somebody rolls and you're like, that's a really bad roll, you can be like, plus ten! and it might give them enough to push them over the edge. It's not for damage. Attacking, to make sure you hit them. Correct. Oh, did you not roll that damage? All right. Extra four damage from the Hunter's Mark. Tiberius. So, do you get up? You're currently lying on the top of the wall. Okay. You (grunts) stand back up. You're currently at the top of the wall; it's ten feet up. Go ahead and make an arcana check. 20? All right. As you focus your Telekinesis, the tentacle begins to shake and is pulled off her body. Kima wrenches herself free. She is not currently grappled. The tentacle starts slapping around its body, and it looks confused. It's not enough to do any damage, but it looks unsure as to why it's having a hard time controlling its own limbs. (laughs) Well done. All right, cool. Vax, you're up. All right. It can't see you, by the way. It's blinded. Go for it! Okay. Well, you have advantage, remember, because it's blinded. 29 hits. It's the dice. Correct. Correct, and then the bonus at the end gets added on to that. 47 points of damage. Oof. So as you rush past, you (swoosh) slam the blade into the side. You see where part of it seems to start and open, but it's starting to close up again. You reopen that seam and drag across, leaving a giant wound across its side. 25 hits. Are you doing damage, or you grappling him? Okay, so there's no damage on this. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Nice! So you grab it, and you pull it. You have it currently held. Its physical body is pulled to the ground, and you can see its arms are trying to pull it up off the ground, and (slurpy noises) flipping around. Complete chaos in the air. You imagine you'll probably have a hard time holding it down, but for now it's currently blinded and grappled. You do. That hits. You don't get the bonus-- oh, for the extra attack you do, because it's with your main arm. So, seven damage? All right. Cool. You bring the blade across, and you can see the blood begin to pour out from it, and as it does, you can see the throat opens up, and where you cut on the throat you can see what looks like white gleaming teeth on the inside of its throat. The entire interior of its trachea is coated with teeth. Kima's turn. Kima sees you holding it down. Takes the sword, swings it, and is going to come on down, spending a level-three spell as a Divine Smite against it. That hits with a 22. This advantage is kicking its ass. Second attack. Oof. Yeah. Both hit. All right. 36 points of damage, and a divine strike. And 12 points on the second blow. As she comes down and slams it with the big sword twice, the first one arcing down with divine energy, streaking across the barely-lit cavernous area. It hits the ground, and it splatters blood across. You can see one of its tentacles is barely hanging on by just a section of muscle and sinew. However, she looks down real fast, and you can see now these skeletal hands are reaching up and grabbing her legs and starting to pull her down. She's going to attempt to try-- She's unable to break from that. She's now being pulled down into the ground beneath her. That brings us to Clarota's turn. Clarota is going to move-- Ugh, can't do this. Clarota's going to stand here and pull back and begin to coalesce this bluish crackling energy in Clarota's hand. The tentacles of Clarota's face begin to swirl and pull back into this horrible grimace as it releases this bolt of lighting energy that arcs past, just overhead of where Kima is, since Kima's been pulled down below. Lightning Bolt. Two ones in a row, are you fucking kidding me? I'm rolling terribly tonight, guys, by the way. Yeah. So that Lightning Bolt would do 15 points of damage. With disadvantage on its save. Still makes it, so (laughs) with a Lightning Bolt that does a grand total of seven points of damage-- Clarota looks away dejectedly. "It was the best I could do." All right. Keyleth, you're up. All right. No, continue. Here? Okay. All right. So as the vine pulls out of the side of this rock (whoosh), it reaches out and wraps itself around her body and begins to pull. Right. Good distinction. All right. Yeah. It's a good thing. So, Grasping Vine... yeah, okay. So it pulls 20 feet; she gets pulled 20 feet. I'll go ahead and say, make a wisdom check. Right, I understand. This is more your strength of will versus the strength of whatever-- Yep. 20. So, as the vine wraps around her and begins to pull, she reaches over and grabs the vine for extra strength, and (fwoomp) it pulls her out of the wall. She goes flying over and lands at the side of the stone with a vine that's still loosely wrapped around her, but it's definitely pulled her free of the floor. Sure! Yeah. She's currently held aloft by this vine that strapped her. She's looking confused. Thankful, but also wants to be let go. Sure. Is that the end of your turn? Okay! As you finish casting the spell and shouting at her, you look down and notice the ground. (swish, shoosh) Begins pulling you down Go ahead. It's really hard to be on top of that and cast spells and talk about this. (chuckling) It's a giant piece. I'm going to say, go ahead and make an athletics check. Okay! You manage to precariously stay on the top of this stalactite, holding on to it, casting spells and shouting out. All right. Percy! Okay, well, at the start of your turn, make a dexterity check. All right. You manage to pull out. Now make an athletics check to try and make your way up to the top of this rock. This would be athletics, just to pull yourself up on the side. 13. Okay! You can decide whether or not you want to attempt to ascend this or make any attacks this turn, because right now it's going to take your full round to get to the top of this. It's a very thin, jagged, almost vertical wall you're trying to climb up and hold onto. From the platform here? You're probably about 35 feet. You could make it in a run, yeah. No. You'd almost make it. Yeah. Right now, this wall's blocking you from even seeing the creature. As far as you know, you see a giant wall and you hear fighting on the other side of it. Okay, so. (grunts) You get up to the top. I'll put this here as a reminder. But that's where you are right now. Okay, that ends your turn. Scanlan! I'll say you'll be able to get right up next to Tiberius, right here, and be able to get line of sight. No. It's a he. Tiberius looks over. You look over your shoulder at at Scanlan with a curious look. Rolled a four. So essentially, being blind, all it can rely on right now is audio sensation around it. And it picks up ringing through the air. What hint and shred of humanity is within its psyche understands the Common you speak in its direction. And for a moment, it seems to sag all its tentacles. Go ahead and roll damage for your Vicious Mockery. I was just seeing if there's another effect of Vicious Mockery. Is there anything else it does? Vicious Mockery-- has disadvantage on-- okay! So it has disadvantage on disadvantage on its next attack. Got it! Nah. If it did, that would be awesome. Pike, you're up! All right. You are strangely inspired by that. Okay. That brings us to Pike. You're up. You're right there, on top of the wall, on the far back end. You can't even see the entity. It's way off to the side and a bunch of people are in a row on top of a wall that Keyleth created. You've guys rolled really well and it has rolled terribly. It's a very thin wall. Make an acrobatics check to try and move and tumble through the people. With disadvantage because you're in heavy plate armor. You do. Roll twice. You're at disadvantage. No, disadvantage, because she's in heavy armor. 16? You just manage to barely squeeze through people without falling off of the top of the wall, finding yourself right there. Okay. Roll to attack twice. You have to roll to hit it first. Roll twice, because it is blinded and has disadvantage. You have advantage on it, I mean. 18 plus your spell. That does hits. Go ahead and roll damage. You are at 4th level, that is 7d6 damage. No, that's just the 7d6. 26 damage, nice! As you pull through the rest of the crowd, you stand next to someone, you grab your holy symbol again. This time, looking up to your hand. This divine energy materializes and shines down in a god ray onto your hand as you gather it with your fingers, it seems to formulate this actual thick rock feeling sensation. You swing it underhand softball pitch with absolute furious anger that slams into the side of the creature, bursting with the divine energy, doing a very sincerely impressive amount of damage for a small Guiding Bolt. It's currently still trying to get back up after Vax has been holding it to the ground. You can see it blast its side. You are almost pulled over on top of it by the sheer force of the impact. That brings us to the top of it now. After all the impact, all the sounds it's hearing, it moves over to this vicinity. Oh, you're holding it here. It's going to attempt to break from your grapple. So you make an acrobatics check. For this check, you do, I believe. 27? 29. It slips out of your grasp, moves over to this vicinity here. And you can see now, the tendrils open up, even though its eyes can't see. You can see what looks like a bunch of gills across its body, slits in its torso and it almost looks like all of them open up into these tiny little mouths. You can also see teeth rippling through them and expels this cloud of green gas that (fssh) around everyone within ten feet of it. Everyone on the wall, right here. Clarota-- you are just out of range of it-- and Kima are affected. So that would be Pike, Vex, Trinket, technically. Clarota. So I need you guys to make a constitution saving throw. Pike? Whenever she comes back. Pike, Clarota, Trinket, Vex. Wait until she gets back. What did you roll? Clarota does not make it. Kima does not make it. All right, go for it. All right. Trinket rolled a...? Right, as this cloud of greenish gas bursts out from all these strange slits in its body, you feel this acidic fume fill your lungs and touch your skin. You manage to duck out of the way and resist a lot of the damage, as does Pike, pulling up her cloak in front of the way. You guys take 14 points of acid damage. However, Clarota and Kima and Trinket all take 28 points of acid damage. Yes. Yep. Trinket's kitten form is taken away as the Polymorph wears off-- (boosh) This bear bursts out from your chest. So Trinket's at full health again. Hold on, the kitten form, I'm going to say, would have about five hit points, so taking five from 28... Trinket has taken 23 points of damage. 14 points of acid poison damage, as this entity vented its torso into this giant fume of acidic gas. At which Trinket bursts out of Vex's torso, landing into the bones below. (growls) Yeah, because on the wall (fwoosh) out in front of you. All right. It's going to finish its turn. That brings us to Vex. Yep. Oh, actually, I should see if it-- it does resist. It is no longer blinded. You can see the darkness fades from its eyes and the whiteness bursts from its face. It's intent now, as each eye individually darts around and takes reference of all the points of possible attack that are now before it. Trinket is. Okay. Trinket can, yeah, if you want. He will. What's the radius on Hail of Thorns? Five feet. Okay. Trinket is going to attempt to get up the wall. Make an athletics check for Trinket, (laughs) who's going to try and climb a ten-foot solid stone wall, which is-- Trees, yes. Solid, smooth stone walls? Little more of... but-- It's going to be athletics for Trinket. 19 plus strength. Okay, Trinket scrambles up the side of the wall. As it does, one of the white eyes is looking around like an iguana (tchh) focuses on Trinket, (whoosh) goes to whip toward Trinket. That is going to be a 24 versus his armor class. Trinket takes 17 points of damage. Plus an additional five points of acid damage. As Trinket climbs up the wall, (shh, groan) and then streaks and falls back down onto the bone, unconscious. So you're now there up top. What are you going to do? You watched Trinket fall and hit the ground. You gave Trinket your move on this turn, so you can still attack from where you are. What are you doing? Within five feet. You've used your flaming arrow twice. No, you used it at the top of the round, too. Okay. Make your bloodseeking strike, now, with the fury and anger and frustration-- Hits. Nice. Okay, when we get back to its turn, it'll have ten bleeding damage on it. You have your second attack, too. 24 hits. Okay. So both arrows (zoomf zoomf) sink down. You can see your jaw's tense and you can feel the tear running down your face, but you are intent on taking this son of a bitch down. That brings us to Tiberius. Actually, at the end of your turn, go ahead and make a death saving throw. For Trinket. To a death saving throw? It has to be attacks for you, unfortunately. So that's one death saving throw on Trinket. Tiberius, what are you doing? 27? All right. I'm just trying to get familiar with this one real fast, guys. Watery Sphere, you said? Watery Sphere. Got it here. Okay. Over the edge, and ten feet-- okay, it's not an attack roll for you. It has to make a strength saving throw. Saving throw. That is a 21. What's the DC for your spell? Okay. So yeah. The sphere appears. The creature is ejected from the side right there. So the sphere is still there, but the creature is un-grabbed by it. As far as I know, it just grabs. It restrains and grabs things inside when it has them. It works more as control than as a damaging spell, but the sphere is still there. No, not if he makes the save. If he fails the save, then yes, you have them trapped in the sphere, but currently basically (sploosh) pushed his way out of it. Okay. Vax, you're up. Right here? 29. Yeah, that hits. Damn. Rogues, man. It's not a critical. That's a lot for a non-critical. Holy shit. (laughs) 29 points of damage. Still nice. So as you reach back and you angrily take the dagger and drag it down, you actually find one of those seams of its arm, and you drag it across the front as the arm actually (floop) falls off on the ground and it squirms on its own. You've managed to pull one of its tentacles off. Okay. Okay. Nice. Eight points of damage, got it. Great! Kima is going to rush around here. Kima's going to attack twice with her greatsword. Kima goes to strike twice, but with each blade strike, the head glimpses over, sees the attack and the body bends out of the way of the first strike. The second one, a tentacle actually slaps the blade out of her hand and she has to reach over and pick it up again off the side of the ground. The blind was very effective these past couple of rounds, but now it's back to its full strength and can see, and you can see now that it can see where everyone is, it's going to be much harder to hit. Unless you're this guy and this girl. That brings us to Clarota. Clarota can't use what Clarota wants to do, unfortunately. Instead, is going to-- You've had it used on you before. It's called a Mind Blast that the mind flayers did before in a cone attack that can stun things in front of it. But everyone's been clustered around it, so Clarota can't quite get a place that doesn't affect somebody else. So instead he's going to do a tentacle attack against it. That is-- oh, wow! That's a 26. That hits! Takes 15 points of damage and is grappled by Clarota. Clarota currently has his tentacles wrapped up onto it and is trying to pull it down with a combination of psionic energy and its tentacle grab. Keyleth, you're up! All right. You use another 4th-level Grasping Vine? Okay. So the Grasping Vine-- from this one here? Okay. The wall is here, so it's going to have to curl around the side, wrap around the body. As it begins to pull, you can see the bones have already begun to reach up and begun to start pulling Trinket's body down. Go ahead and make the check for that again which is... For this one I think it was to try and-- wait a sec, I'm just making sure. I think it was wisdom for the-- Let me check it real fast, just to make sure. This is starting to get down to the heavy. "Creature must make dexterity saving throw to resist pull." Yeah, so go ahead and make a willpower check. Wisdom check, sorry. The vine wraps around Trinket and begins to pull. The bones hold tight and the body is not moving from its position. It's a standoff between the vine holding the unconscious body of Trinket, who you can see is still moving and shifting in unconsciousness. The bones are beginning to rise up almost like this slow tide to begin to wrap over the body. All right, that brings us to Percy. It's at a standoff right now. Yeah. Not sinking, but not being pulled out, either. It's this stalemate right now between the two. The vine is taut and holding Trinket level. Okay. Bad News. You see it over this wall now. The top of this stalagmite-- it's about 50 feet to the top. You get to the top, you pull the Bad News out. You have a pretty clear shot down towards the entity. Go ahead and roll damage for this one. How do you want to do this? (all cheer) Okay. So as the entity turns around, its head cocked to the side, its tendrils (sucking noise) flailing around it, one lifting it up. You can see, it begins to reach up to bring a lash down upon the bear that is being clasped on the ground, its eye streaks around and catches yours. You release, pull back on the trigger... (gunshot) The impact blows you off the top of the stalagmite. You fall in the air, but in that split second, you keep your vision on as you're floating back and this whole-- this moment as time slows, not wanting to lose this moment, you see the bullet (ssst) into the head. One of the eyes now goes dark from the crimson impact. The jaw opens slack (groaning), with all the teeth exposing as the back of the head (explosion). Explodes. All across Vax. Who was standing behind it, just (vrushh) The giant hole now, which is like you can see portions of its lower jaw are still visible, but the entire top of its head is gone. You can see parts of its flesh trying to reach up and re-form, and then starting falling limp as its form begins to quiver and eventually fall apart. The seams all begin to unravel and its entire body begins to fall apart into chunks. Eventually what's left is this elven torso that slinks to its knees (boof), takes a step,takes another step, and then falls onto its back, completely destroyed. The bones begin to reach up and take its body. Trinket is still currently being held aloft. Okay, make an arcana check. You have advantage on this because the Grasping Vine is also helping. 12? You (strains) you're pulling, you're pulling, you're pulling, but unfortunately whatever cursed force holds this land is keeping the body-- All right. Pike, you're on top of the wall. You look down and see this happening with the effort of both of them unable to do so. You leap off the top of the wall, swinging the Mace of Disruption down in a giant arc. You slam it into the bones on the side of Trinket's body. As you do, you see the actual stone and bones around it cave in and shatter into dust at the sheer force of your Mace of Disruption, leaving this big old cavernous space where there once was ground. As you bring it up again, you begin swinging it around the outside of Trinket, releasing all of the bone in the vicinity. As you do, you also notice that the bone at your feet that's beginning to grab onto your legs as you landed begins to give away and slowly back away from you. Between the two of you guys, you manage to, now that it's been released from the bone, as Tiberius (strains) lifts up and the vine grasping, you lift Trinket up onto the wall, and Tiberius you (thud) release Trinket on the top of the wall. You reach out the Grasping Vine and you lift up the remnants of the elven man. Yeah. Okay. Well, the dance floor-- the wall here? So you chuck the corpse up onto the stone wall. All right, so you've all gathered around, you administer a potion. Trinket heals-- which potion are you using? Yeah, yeah. That'll be 2d4 + 2. All right, so Trinket comes to consciousness. (bear moan) As soon as it opens up and the first thing Trinket sees is your face, Trinket begins to lick the side of your face. Kima, Clarota, and Vax. You guys are still on the ground. You can feel the stones and bones beginning to pull up against your feet. Clarota immediately begins to lift off the ground using his Levitation ability, and pulls free of the bones, lifts there for a second. Yes? You can. As you're walking along, you're just (kssh) hitting bits of bone. As you are, they just disintegrate and turn into dust. It's leaving a track. A little bit of a groove in the ground as you do so. Make an investigation check. 24? All right. You start looking at it, and the clothes that are on it are soiled and destroyed and are just ruined by whatever process it went through. as you inspect the shoulders where the tentacles are, you start seeing these strange little fleshy nubs, and as you pull away at where the wounds were taken from pulling off, you can see there are arms inside the torso that were pushed inside to attach this entity. Can you what? You can see a couple of fingers poking out of each side. The tentacles were stitched to it, and you can't see any actual stitches, like it's this weird thing where it's actually bonded to it, but it looks like some sort of strange-- Okay. There is a magical essence from somewhere in the torso, but you can't quite ascertain-- Yes. (laughs) You don't recognize any of its face because it's gone. Bad News disintegrated its head. Unless you want to piece all the pieces that are currently on Vax together and try to reform the face, but from what you can tell it wasn't anything you could recognize necessarily. As you (squishy flesh sounds) begin to pull out bits, the rest of you guys manage to make your way up to the top of this stone wall now. You're all for the most part safe, for the time being. Sorry. You cut through the body. You start seeing there are just layers and layers of teeth growing out of all portions in the interior of it. You find the fingers are attached to a hand, which are attached to a wrist. You pull a little bit, and with this horrible sickening (fssht) sound you manage to pull an arm out from inside the torso, covered in its own blood and fluids. You clean it off. The magical essence you were seeing earlier actually is coming from a set of metallic bracers that are on the wrists. Okay. Okay. Make an arcana check. 13? It takes you a while, but you manage to get an idea of what the essence of the magic is. You rolled a 20 total? Okay. So Trinket heals 20 more hit points. So keep tabs on that because that will carry over into the next session. All right. So you guys are now standing aloft, on the wall. You can barely see past, about another 120, 150 feet ahead of you, the sea of bone chips and glass seems to eventually fade into more stone. Okay. So you're pushing this behind her? Okay. So the sphere crests ahead as you guys push forward. Pike, you're taking your mace of disruption with your shield up and you're slamming it before you. As it does there's just plumes of dust that are being cast in the air behind you guys. You cough a little bit as it's lifting the small spray of dust. You begin to make your way across this open field of bone and glass to the other side, finding for the first time in a little bit of time solid stone ground. You all take a moment and gather your breath, and as you're taking a moment, you look over and you can see in the darkness ahead of you what looks to be a faint source of light around another large pillar or cluster of stone in the distance. It's reddish-orange and appears to have a flicker to it. Go ahead and roll a survival check. It's probably about 70, 80 feet. 25? You see more duergar feet patterns, and you see those same singular tracks. Yes. Roll stealth. 25? No spells back, unfortunately. You guys stay back while you go ahead and stealth your way up. Did you roll disadvantage on that one? That's right, yes, so you're fine. It's a natural roll. 25, okay. So you make your way through the darkness, around the side of the stone platform and as you crest your vision, you can see the flickering is indeed a small campfire. Not used for light, but apparently used for cooking as the scent also hits you. There is some sort of meat currently being cooked on this flame. It smells pretty good. You're not quite sure what the source of the meat is. You worry for a second because you see the two duergar that are sitting there, currently holding the meat in the center of this, are staying next to a giant troll who has his hand on the side of a rickety wooden cart. On this cart, which you can see, there are two sets of wheels on each side, there is a large lumbering goliath individual currently held down with bands of iron. Your mind for second thinks, "Oh god, are they eating him?" but you see he appears to be intact, though with a quick glance as you peer around the other side of the stone column, you can see his body is riddled with scratches and small wounds and incisions, and you can see where streaks of dried blood are across his entire body. You also do see, across the way there are three tents set up around this area. One of the tents opens up and you see a duergar female step out silver circlet across her forehead, long robes. Queen Ulara walks up and starts talking to the other duergar, pointing to your goliath friend, to Grog, on the front of this. Motions to the other two and steps back into the tent, closing it behind her as the two other duergar grin. One reaches into his pouch and begins to pull out small, looks like metal hooked utensils, possibly to go in for another round of whatever they'd been doing. And this is where we're going to end today's session. (all groan) Yes, thank you guys so much for donating to 826LA. They're an amazing charity and your support is very much appreciated. Moosiuk! ManaGeek! Thank you guys! Thank you, Amir! Just a note, guys, good choice tonight on the abyssal abomination. That's awesome. Aw! Playfully loving shit because the movie's awesome and it's great. Make it happen! May your dice roll 20s and TPK your party. UselessRogue, yeah! What's up? "Assuaging my guilt over my vote in the straw-poll tonight." I thought you chose well. That was a fun fight. Awesome! Thank you! Aw, thank you so much! Thank you so much. Yeah. Thank you, VerCatJoel. I feel you, GeoNerd! I feel you. Thank you, Poltergeist. Awesome. Thank you, Zofer. Thank you Aldowin! CheeseBug! Aw, thank you, CrazyNexy. Oh, totally. That's fantastic! Well done, guys. Thank you guys so much. Have a wonderful night. We'll see you next week!