--and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons & Dragons and point to Liam O'Brien for the evening, you motherfucker. So for those of you who are tuning in for the first time, welcome to the chaos. We have a fun continuation of a very fun story line, but before we get to that, let's go ahead and get through our announcements for the evening. First and foremost, once again, we thank last week's sponsor Backblaze but today brings back Loot Crate once again! Sam, why don't you tell us all about it? Thoughtful! I still think Stork Patrol's the best Andy Samberg-related stork thing that's ever happened. I feel like we should put a Twitter poll up at some point about which of those three we all believe it might be. Yeah. (laughs) Next announcement-- Marisha, you want to talk about the new host-- Tranquilized, in a Spielberg ET walkie-talkie gun replacement world, he was "tranquilized." Awesome! Laura, did you have an update in regards to the-- How do you want to do this? We'll have further updates after tonight's episode on this. Just riding that wave of interest and tension. Well great! Do we have anything else we need to announce, or is that the end of our--? I think we're good! All right! That being the case, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Who knew? With Captain Damon, who had previously taken you guys to Vasselheim long ago. You, through the druidic mastery of Keyleth, tore through a storm that would have slowed your arrival, seemingly forcing an earlier arrival than expected from the team at Glintshore. You guys went into full-on Avengers mode and tore into their ship, destroying it in the bay outside of Glintshore, swooped down onto the edge of the dark glass- and soot-covered beach and you now are all gathering the scenery around you as to what your next point in this aggressive maneuver is. So at this point in time, you've all gathered along the eastern beach of Glintshore. Grog, you are still an eagle, a giant eagle, polymorphed by Scanlan. You have your wings out still. You guys have flown about and you've seen the remnants of some sort of small campsite, with a faint ember still burning and giving off a hint of smoke, but it's been a while since it's been utilized. About five hours. You just got there and checked it right now. We'll get into the more specifics of that here in a moment. So we have currently, if I recall, Grog as an eagle, Scanlan, and who else is in the center of the beach area between the actual shoreline and the jungle? You guys had just gotten there. Yeah, so we have, in between the shoreline and the tree line, the mostly dead, petrified trees, gray in the distance. We have the two of you and the rest of you currently are now gathering at the beach at the campsite. Okay, Trinket (growls) looks around, immediately looks down at a paw with a piece of glass sticking out of it. So you see there are two small boats that are currently pulled up onto the shore, just outside, slightly north of this campsite. There is a tousled blanket that is somewhat dirty, with a small pack that was pushed in the side, the leftover campfire and some sort of movement, like something heavy had been pulled from the water into the campsite and somewhere else from within. Do you wish to continue to inspect the campsite? Make an investigation-- for this, for you, are you just inspecting for details? Or are you trying to track? Okay, make a survival check to see if you can follow any tracks. What are other people doing at the campsite? Okay, make an investigation check. Okay. What'd you get? Okay. They're boats. They're made of wood. Yeah. There's two blankets that are folded in there. Yes, your low roll investigation allowed you to completely miss that there was a pack on the side of the blankets. You go to inspect it. You check and see that there are a number of footfalls in this area clustered-- --sporadically, it looks like some of them seem to be with haste, some are dragging, like, heavy-- the heels are pushed in deep. And you see a large, heavy groove that was pulled to the campsite and has pulled further and further inland towards the treeline. What are you guys doing right now? (laughs) You're such a dick. All right, you guys take off over the treeline. Make a perception check, both of you. And you have advantage, Grog. A one. Okay, you swoop up over the tree line and do a couple of scans over the-- while the trees, many of them are dead, you do see there are a few peeking bits of green. It looks like even in the midst of this barren landscape, elements of nature have still managed to push through here and there. Little dappled, peppering of green. But the canopy itself is still too thick for you to make out any details from above. That's as much as you can make out. Both. It looks like a lot of it is burnt black, but some of it also looks like the wood itself has been dead for so long that it's become a dull grey, hardened exterior. Petri-fried. Okay. There were at least three on the ship. [no audio] a head shot by Percy as it caught fire. There was another that was crushed beneath your feet. Okay, yeah. You coast up and begin pushing through and down below, you can see occasional breaks in the treeline here and there where you can-- there's heavy brush underneath and the same horrible texture of broken glass jutting out in haphazard patterns. There are certain areas where the glass is aggressively broken, and some more smooth glass. It looks like it depends on at what point this event happened that turned this entire island and how much has been traversed in the time. But you can't make out much more than that from your height. Approximately. Okay. You go heading off in that direction. Okay. You guys land at the treeline. As you land, Laura, Percy and Keyleth, you guys-- there's this breeze that's been blowing through the beach since you've gotten here, it's starting to pulse a little. (wind sounds) And the wind's starting to pick up, rather suddenly. Keyleth, you are relatively sensitive to this, knowing that the sky has been relatively clear with bits of cloud. There's no particular reason as to why there should be a sudden gust of wind. There is no weather that is indicative of that sort of-- Yes. 14. This is definitely not a natural wind. And as you start to get that dark feeling at the back of your head, you start noticing that some of the broken glass that is across the entirety of this beach being picked up by the wind. Swirling and congealing into a small whirlwind of broken glass and dust. You watch as the wind begins to pick up into two other separate, smaller shapes, but that one central funnel continues to grow and grow, like this angry, waving tornado of broken-- Make an intelligence check. With advantage because it is possibly elemental-based. Two of the entities that are coming out of this wind from the sides are definitely air elemental by nature. You're very familiar with this form of physicality. You've taken on this form of physicality. However, whatever this large, strange glass-shard-encompassed entity is, it's elemental in nature but you're not sure what it is. You've not encountered something of this form, at least on this plane. Bigger. I would like you to roll initiative. Not at the moment, no. Percy has taken one of the boats and placed it as a guard. Keyleth stands here. You guys are way off at the treeline. Oh god! I killed Percy! There we go. And Vax, you're off that side. What you're seeing is this swirling torrent of broken glass with these two air elementals encroaching on the sides there. And with that, let's go ahead and roll some initiative, folks. We'll say as the wind's picking up, you can begin to get up in the air, yes. How far are you going up? Whole 30 feet? 20 feet? All righty, let's do it. Nope! Okay, we'll say there you are, on your broom. So initiative rolls here. All righty, so 25 to 20? Everyone right now? Even though you're not currently in the middle of the fray, this is going to gauge how soon you can get to them. You do. So plus-- what's your dex? So 22. All right, 20 to 15? 17. You got 19? Scanlan. Vax. 15 to ten. Swirling forward, the giant maelstrom, its speed rapid-fast, this torrent of razor-sharp glass bits spirals forward and threatens to engulf both Percy and Vex. Yeah, it moves around it. Unfortunately, a [no audio] like this can swirl through the small spaces. All right, so we have that. It's going to go ahead and attempt a Whirlwind. So I need both Vex and Percy to roll a strength saving throw. Okay. So Percy. You go ahead and take ten points of piercing damage as the glass shards go splitting towards you, jamming into your exposed skin. You get underneath the boat and it just gives you enough cover to minimize the damage. You, however, up above. The wind picks up and swirls around you. You're losing control of the broom. You take 20 points of piercing damage in the center of this cyclone of death. All right, and you are flung 40 feet in a random direction. That would be that way. So you are flung this far away, off the broom and prone, and you fall and hit the ground. I need you to go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw. Actually no, because you didn't hit anything else. You don't need to do that. So this is going to be straight fall damage. It's an additional ten points of bludgeoning damage as you hit the ground, the wind almost knocked out of your chest, still clutching the broom in your left hand. Yeah, you're still holding onto it. All right, that ends its turn. That brings us to Percy. Beginning of your turn, you are still in the whirlwind currently, and its jagged form forces you to take 13 points of piercing damage, just being in the maelstrom itself. 13 points of piercing damage. Now it's your turn, Percy. Okay. Are you going to move, or are you going to stay where you are? It will give you disadvantage on each attack, because you're doing ranged in melee. Which direction? Into the water? Okay, you're still technically in melee. It has a large reach with its [no audio] if you move five more feet, you can. You're now above [no audio] Knees and waist, so your movement is halved. However, as you pull out of its range, a giant pseudopod of swirling [no audio] (whoosh) runs towards you and gets an attack of opportunity on you. It rolled really bad. That is a 14. You weave underneath, the wind causes the water around you to splash and scatter in both directions, but you avoid a giant blender of broken glass to the face. What are you doing? Grog, you're up next. 23 to hit hits. Okay, gotcha. You fire and you watch as some of its form takes impact and some of the glass breaks. It looks like it did sustain some sort of esoteric wound from the blast, though not as much as you would hope from your weapon. But it did take damage. Okay. With the Sharpshooter minus five? Hits. 24. All righty. This one still is a larger impact than the last one, but it's still shooting in the middle of this swirling mass, so it's not impacting it as much as you'd hoped. 21 hits. All right. Underneath the surface there. It is murky and dark. It's so close to the shoreline and with the black silt that washes in there, you have no visibility underneath. All right. That brings us to Grog. You can't hold your movement, unfortunately. So you spend your movement and you can hold your action to do something if you want to. Okay. Giant eagle's speed. So yeah. You're a little over 100 feet away from them, so the 80 feet as your movement speed, with just your movement and holding your action if you wanted to, you can coast up as fast as you can, and at that apex of the end of your movement, what action are you holding? What's the trigger? Okay. Well then, you can use your action to then move again, like dash it and go right above it if you wanted to do that. All right. There's you with a Scanlan. Unless you didn't want to be on him. You want to stay behind? If you want, you can still be 100 feet back. Because I was thinking you were on his back still. All right, there it is. So you're holding, so that's your turn. What are you doing, Scanlan? 80 feet up. All righty. So with that-- That is 19 for its dexterity save. What's your DC with your cone? 21. So yeah, it fails. Go ahead and roll damage on the Lightning Bolt. It's right at the cusp of the water. I would say that due to the proximity you might take a little bit because the conduit of the water around you. Because it's a lot of water, it's going to dissipate pretty evenly. 28. All right. It blasts through the storm, slamming, causing glass dust to shoot up in this giant cloud around it and fall gently to the beach side. You go ahead and take, Percy, five points of lightning damage, just being nearby in the water. It impacted, though not as strongly as you would have hoped. It seems almost like the lightning is somewhat in the sphere of the element of whatever this creature is. It took damage, but it didn't take full damage. (laughs) Does that end your turn, Scanlan? Are you going to move or do anything? He's the only one within earshot, so yes. All right, go ahead and take your d10 inspiration die. All righty, ending Scanlan's turn. Vax, you're up. You just took off when this happened or heard that, so you'd be your full movement away from it, which is 60 feet? At this point, Haste has worn off. So you're 60 feet away. It would take you your full movement. You can swoop back and get right in the fray. You're going to dive-bomb through and chest-burster out the other side of this whirlwind. Okay. Hold Divine Smite until you hit. You don't have to say you use it until you confirm hit. That'll hit. Yeah, that'll hit. 38 points of damage. As your wings out, bullet-bird form Vax, you swoop down and punch straight through the back of this maelstrom. You see its form briefly fluctuate and have a hard time holding itself together as you slam into the beach sand and glass right over next to Trinket, sending a cloud out in front of you that slowly comes down like a wave on the opposite side. You stand there for a second, look back over and Trinket licks you up on the side of your face, making a very cool moment maybe not as cool at the very end, but still pretty cool overall. Cool, do you want to do anything else? You used your movement to get there, you used an attack to go through. Okay, this would be a throw, because right now, the angle you had to come through to punch through it, you would have landed about 15 feet from it. 24. So you land and then (whoosh) throw another dagger back at that. 14 total. Nice! So after you punch through, you can see the burst through with this flash of vibrant radiant energy that sparks through its internal form, a glow that's reminiscent of what you've seen from Pike's spells before, but with more of a grayer, less yellow color to it. Throwing behind with that secondary dagger, it plunges into the whirlwind and you see some sparks inside as it clashes with the different broken pieces of glass and eventually returns to your hand. I believe that ends your turn. Now, the two other elementals are going to go. Yep. This one's going to flank up behind Keyleth-- No, these are actual air elementals. There is some glass being pulled up in their form as they go, but it's not quite the maelstrom in the center that's drawing everything into it. That's going to be two slam attacks against you, Keyleth, and two slam attacks against you, Vax. Against Keyleth, that is 21? And 19. Yes. That is 12? And the other is 12. Rolled two fours in a row. The elemental comes up and swings its giant whirlwind-like fists towards you. You duck under one and then leap over the second one, landing back on your place in the beach. Keyleth, unfortunately, looking at the focus of this and trying to ascertain the nature of what these creatures are and how you could possibly control or bend it-- 14 points of bludgeoning damage. And 13 points of bludgeoning damage. So 27 total. All right, that ends their turn now. Vex, you're up. You're ground into the sand right now, dug a few inches into it from the impact of your shoulder and left a groove on the beach. There's glass sticking into your shoulder and you're like "Ugh!" Half your movement. So you still have 15 more feet you can move. Big one? Do it. 27 hits. Yeah. A natural one just misses, yeah. 23 points of damage with one arrow. That's really nice. Also, don't forget that-- Right. Four is lightning. So actually, that would be halved. So that would be 21 points of damage. Also. When you take the attack action-- no, you already used your bonus action to do the Hunter's Mark. Never mind. I was going to say having Trinket next to it, but I realized you used your bonus action to-- Right. Okay, cool. Sure! You go ahead and grab the broom and you manage to go ahead and-- I'll say due to the nature of this, no, not quite. You get 20. Let's see. This is the extent of your ascension right now. There you go. That ends your turn. Keyleth. Vax is here with Trinket. Elemental, elemental and the giant glass maelstrom. Yep. Like a circle, almost? So like a Wind Wall-- Around a circle this way? What shape do you want with the Wind Wall? A circle like this? Out. I see. Right. Okay, so over top of them. Completely around you guys? That's about the length right there. I mean it'll hit all three of them. Yeah. So you reach down, concentrate, slam your hand onto the ground and as you do, the wind picks up out of the dust and the dirt and the glass and begins to cause another torrent of chaos around you, this one controlled by you, slamming into the other ones. They have to make a strength saving throw. What's your spell DC again? 19. So this is a strength saving throw. 18. Fail for the maelstrom. And fail, and fail. Fail for all them! So that's 3d8 bludgeoning damage. Correct. So right now they are all currently locked in the Wind Wall right now. It's 15 feet. 15 feet high. So how much is it total? All right, cool. Finishes your turn, Keyleth. You staying where you are? It'll still get an attack of opportunity as soon as you break from combat, but you can still move away. No, not grappled. They're fighting to keep themselves in place and together as the Wind Wall is tearing them apart. The maelstrom cannot pass through the wall. It is going to move away from it, shifting over to where Percy is currently underwater. As you're hiding down, this whirlpool begins to tear into it and all the water around you is jettisoned from all sides. You're no longer submerged as you're lifted up. This is an extremely forceful, angry magical elemental tornado of death and hatred, so yes. It does get its Whirlwind recharged, but it's not going to use it. It's going to slam attack you twice, Percy. It has advantage on attack rolls against you because you are currently prone in the sand. That's going to be 22. The second slam attack is going to be 31. The first attack is going to be 28 points of piercing damage. Right on top, slamming you. Your face goes right into the muck with a sucking sound as you feel like someone's grinding a hundred blades into the back of your skull. Then it releases and comes down a second time for 22 points of piercing damage. But you'll be there! It is now your turn, Percival. At the beginning of the turn, as you're in its jagged form radius, you take-- double ones. Seven points of piercing damage. He starts his turn within the center of its form. Yeah, even being in its form is terrible. It's like one of those money grab booths, except instead of money, it's just lots and lots of pain. It does. Can't pass through it, correct. Yep! You stand up, using half your movement. Go for it, and it is a magical sword. All hit! Go ahead and roll damage. Okay. How do you want to do this? (cheering) From the inside. Okay, you guys watch as suddenly the maelstrom begins to come to this uneasy torrent holding its form together. You start seeing slashes and whirls of metal and flinging of blade-like action within the inside of its form before, all of a sudden, there's a burst of glass and dust that then rains to the ground as the water rushes into the space. You see there standing damp, cut, all these small wounds across his face, lines of blood dripping down the sides, Percy, with the blade jammed into the beach, one hand in the air as the water (splashing) up to his shoulders as he slowly stands up in place. Okay, so that's as far as you could get. Because on land it's considered rough terrain. Or, you can go full speed but you'll take damage for every five feet you move full speed. Glass, it sucks. All right, that ends Percy's turn, Grog you're up. Yes you can. (caws) Right next to him. Yes. So holding your attacks until the form is lifted. Totally. That ends your turn, except for your held action. What are you doing, Scanlan? Yeah. It's your turn. Yes, it does. Where is Bigby's Hand going? Before you continue that, as soon as Bigby's Hand appears, the eagle form vanishes and Grog, you come out with your axes in your hands, angry. Not raging unfortunately, but you do get your attacks. You're angry, you're just not raging. So go ahead, and take your two attacks. That's fine, but these are regular not rage attacks. 15, the first one? Total? That hits actually. That just barely hits. No, two attacks. Hits. So two hits on that. 22 for the first hit. Correct. All right, awesome. This is-- you're not adding your rage damage to this. Cool. So that finishes your two strikes. Whack. Whack. Scanlan, you have your Bigby's Hand up. What are you going to do? Yeah. Right in its wind fucking face. All right, go ahead and roll an attack using your melee spell attack. Roll a d20 and add your spell attack bonus. You can't hold a bonus action. That was on your turn. 20 just-- no, 20 hits, totally. So yeah, roll 4d8 force damage. So between Grog's attacks and the giant fist slamming into the side of the air elemental, you can see it gets slammed to the dust, causing this push and it begins to lift itself up, causing this almost jack-o-lantern angry face to appear in this whirlwind. But it's a having a hard time keeping its form together. It begins to glance about for some form of escape. Scanlan, do you want to move on your turn at all? All right, take your inspiration die. 1d10. Did your inspiration die go up last level, or is it next one? Right, but I'm trying to remember. I think it's next level it goes up to a d12. Yeah. Next level it becomes a d12. Basically. Scanlan's turn's over. Vax, you're up. You can attack them both, but you only can sneak attack once per round. Well, let's go ahead and and look at that Wind Wall. It won't have much of an impact on you. You're fine. Just making sure. Forcing your hand through it. 23 hits. Are you sneak attacking this one or the other one? Okay. As you stab through, the form dissipates upon impact. As you throw your dagger, it does catch the Wind Wall and gets flung out of the way. Oh, you want to run this way. Okay. You can move up to there. That you can. 23 does hit. Seven points of damage to it. All right. One is destroyed. You rush forward and stab the other one. It's hard to push through the Wind Wall to even get to its form. You do manage to find purchase. It takes some damage. That ends your turn. It is now its turn. It moves into both of your spaces now, we'll say up against the two of you there-- --and it's going to (whoosh) into a whirlwind. Yeah, it can. It's an air elemental. The Wind Wall? It can fly up and over. It has 90 speed. Because the Wind Wall itself, if I recall-- I'm going to check now before I do all these rolls. It is 15 feet high. It does (hissing wind) and swirls around in a whirlwind between the two of you. I need both of you guys to make strength saving throws. Yeah. Keyleth and Vax. Both of you guys succeed, so you take half damage. You both take six points of bludgeoning damage. And you hold your ground. It doesn't fling you about. It's not strong enough. It's wind, its smaller form unable to push both of you entirely off your feet, so well done. That ends its turn. Vex, you're up. You can, actually. You fly up enough where you have a view over the Wind Wall and take two shots, and as a bonus action, Trinket will rush up and bite it. 26 hits. Second attack. 14. So that was Trinket's attack? 14 points of damage from Trinket. Pushing forward and (growling) growling and biting through the middle of it, mouth full of glass. It's not fun, but it does some damage. Hits. Okay, so two hits. Roll damage on that. Nice. Up above, releasing two arrows. You see a spark as they are released from the bow impacting into it. You see Trinket tear into its form. Every now and then, you see an arm of Vax swing through and Keyleth's trying to push her way out of the elemental. Right now, it's this mix of swirling dirt and wind, but it's seemingly being worn down. The speed in which it's swirling in its space is beginning to slow and images within its form are getting easier and easier to see. That brings us back to the top. Percival. It's about 35 feet from you. Okay. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. 46 total? These are all with Sharpshooter, right? Even halved from the impact, you manage to blast the creature, its form hitting the Wind Wall and scattering against it. No longer physically able to hold its form there, the elemental dissipating into the sky in the end. As you all take a moment to catch your breath and look around, everyone roll a perception check. You guys take a moment and glance around. It appears that whatever disturbed wind brought this sudden attack on has dissipated, and the creatures you've slaughtered have brought this calm stillness to the beach. All you can hear around you is the occasional (wave sound) of the water up on the shore. It does not appear that there is any immediate danger on the beach. They are sketches and designs, one of which is of a more refined pepperbox. Okay. You glance through. There are other variations of Retort, the pistol that she had before. You also see a few very complete sketches of a Bad News rebuild. Not as good. Even looking at the design, you can see a few faults in it that prevent it from being as powerful as what you've created. Nevertheless, it is a fairly high-powered rifle-like weapon. Beneath them, you see notes of five constructed, and then it's erased, two on hand. It's like a ledger keeping tabs of each thing that she's created. Okay, so (fluttering). As you say "baby," the voice has this, "baby," this low tuning fork vibration hits the blade. As you begin to go nuts on this ship, you guys watch as splinters of wood go flying. You put quite a number of pincushion-like blows to the exterior of the ship's bow. Neither of these will last much in the water. You were about to when this happened. Make an investigation check. Yeah. Well this is investigation. Yeah, then roll a perception check for Trinket. As you're looking about, you see the tracks. You also see in some of the grooves where this heavy object was being dragged, you see one portion where it's dragged up, or seems to have been dragged up onto a shelf, like a very small six-inch shelf of glass. You can see a scrape and some splinters of wood. Whatever was being dragged appears to be wooden and part of it was very, very faintly damaged when it was dragged up onto the shelf. So you know you're looking for something made of wood. The wood slivers, as you look at them, they're a little swollen and damp. Whatever these were, they were underwater for a period of time. Trinket goes, (sniffing, growling) and leans the head forward towards the jungle. 2d4 plus six. The ship is sunk. You do not see anybody currently swimming in the water. Make a perception check. 22? Looking about, you can see the bits of the reef that are slightly visible through the murky water surface here in the bay, but the ship is gone. You can see bits of floating broken wood from the impact of the ship. It's probably going to end up as driftwood on the beach itself. No sign of any survivors. You do see two figures out towards it that are floating in the water face-down. Okay. You're not going to be able to drag both of them with the wings. One you could, yeah. Basically, yeah. All right. You grab one, and it's hard. You can barely get any lift, especially since he's so soaked with the water, it's an extra weight. I will ask you to go ahead and make an athletics check. You're barely able to keep from being dragged into the water. It takes you a while to get there, because he doesn't ever actually leave the water, you're pulling him through it as you go. It takes you about 15 minutes to get him into shore if you do. Yeah, you're getting pretty close to the end of your time with those. Yes. Make an investigation check. You guys watch as Vax swings in with the wings, dragging a waterlogged seemingly unconscious or dead body, throws it onto the beach and begins rifling through the pockets. 22. You find 145 gold pieces. You find a spyglass, and you find two small reddish-purple stones that are perfectly spherical in the pocket. Okay. That's all you find. Fly up, glance out. Make a perception check. The DC will change based on what you're looking for. You have a closer look of the canopy of this jungle. You basically make out the same details that Grog did earlier. There are bits of green. There are bits of live tree here and there, but most of it's dark and dead. You see from this distance, there is occasionally a break in the jungle, or a path that could be taken that isn't completely overgrown and too thick to walk through, but that's all you can make out from this distance. It looks almost like a polished red quartz, imperfect. You can see texture cracks or layers of a natural forming quartz-like material on the inside. It's like a larger marble of stone. Make an arcana check. These don't get used too often. They're usually used more in emergency nautical circumstances, or used as a means of gaining attention. It's called a flare stone, and essentially they're impacted hard, and then thrown high, and they turn into a flare. Trinket catches up to you. Trinket's running alongside you, following the smell (sniffing). You guys watch? Is everyone-- Okay. All right. You guys push forward, reaching the treeline, and then pushing into the jungle itself. The smell of the saltwater air gives way to now the smell of ash and burnt forest, but old, very faint. It's less of a recent burn and more an ever-present scent of dead brush. You do catch the occasional sour smell of a tropical flower. You do see bursts of ground brush and living plant life that has pushed through the glass and is slowly retaking the island over time. Yeah, and you see it a few times. It has a yellowish milky-white color to it, and it has a vibrant purple stamen that protrudes from it. It's almost a sour milk-type smell. It's not very pleasant. Okay. You continue pushing through the petrified forests. You guys pick up, and Trinket picks up, as well, as you're pushing on for another 150 feet or so, you start noticing broken branches. You see little elements that you're used to in tracking movement from individuals. You can see what are sheer signs of heavy footfalls, occasionally another grinding along the ground. It looks like whatever was being dragged has now been seemingly picked up, or is now leaving less of an impact. It has more people now working towards moving it. That groove is subtly vanishing as it progresses, but you do see signs of people pushing through the jungle at a rapid pace. Right now, it's Grog and Trinket in the lead. If you guys want to change up marching order for this, let's do it. Make a strength check, or an athletics check, Grog. You make an acrobatics check. You dart forward, grinning, as you just left him behind and all of a sudden, you feel your hood go (choking) and choke you from behind as Grog's holding it and pulls you back to him. Glass is cracking and breaking beneath his footfalls. Make an intelligence check. It's hard to tell. From the beach, the only sign of any activity that hasn't been washed away by the elements was the campsite that you saw, and that was relatively fresh. You gather probably from the rather rapid rate of rainfall that storms through this area that a lot of any sign would be washed away over time. However, you guys flew over in the skyship, and as you cased the island, you did not see any pockets with villages. You didn't see areas of the jungle that have been harvested for resources. Okay. Okay. So you guys are keeping tabs on anything around you that might be a sign? Okay. I will guess in this point, one everyone roll a stealth check, if you're stealthing forward. Glass rabbits. All right. The half-elves catch up on this. As you're making your way towards this knotted section of the jungle. This is the stealth check, right? Yeah. You guys are pushing forward, you guys without a single touch of sound. A little bit from Scanlan, but as the bulk, you guys manage to stop him and as a group, push forward, you imagine, fairly unseen. Pretty proud of Vox Machina. Grog, especially, being the one that stomped forward. You continue to push forward. Everyone make a perception check. The half-elves, once again coming through with the skill checks. You guys, being quiet and being careful and methodical in pushing past brush without damaging anything, Vex keeping an eye on signs of movement, and the more you push forward, you start seeing some of the branches that are broken have less dust or general settling material on them. You're coming upon something relatively recent. Yes? There are bits of dried brush, but there is still a very glass-based floor here. There are sections of it that are smooth. There are sections that are broken. You can see the further in you get, the less that it appears to be a jagged, broken experience. But it does vary, depending. You can navigate through carefully as you move. It's pretty thick. There's small breaks here and there, but for the most part, there aren't carved paths through the jungle here. There's natural clearings, and you guys have to find your way through. Sometimes it gets tight and you have to move around some of the larger trees, but you're able to navigate without a huge issue. It's not terribly choked off. The half-elves, as you guys are quietly pulling forward, you pick up on what sounds like whispers. Hushed voices, at least. What do you do? Sure. The arrows would be poison, yes. Roll a new stealth check. Okay. So you guys are all staying behind. What's the marching order, by the way, you guys are currently in? All right. So Vax is going ahead. Vax is going forward. Vex, you are staying behind him? Are you going along with her? Are the two of you going forward, or are you letting him go ahead? Back with the group, or with him? He's moving ahead of everyone else. Make a stealth for Trinket, by the way, too, because you forgot to do that. Roll a stealth for Trinket, because you've got to do that, too. Well, then Trinket is popped into your necklace, if you wanted to go with that. Probably safest. So marching order is Vex. Who's behind Vex? Okay. Scanlan's holding up the rear. Grog behind Vex? And then Keyleth and Percy behind that and then Scanlan. Vax, as you stealth up ahead, you-- The spell? The level-one spell? Right, the paladin ability. All righty. You stop and concentrate at the end of your turn. All right. You do not sense any celestials, fiends, or undead. You scoot ahead, and there is a small break. You see that groove reappear in the center of this break, and you see three figures on the other side of this, seemingly in a conversation. You see, to the back, holding a large wooden crate, and is currently leaning against it and impatiently looking at the other two figures, a female goliath with a heavy scratched scar across her face, head shaved bald. She has a shield slung over her back and a big sword currently sheathed over her shoulder. She looks wounded a little bit. There's a little bit of blood trickling down the face. And then right in front of the crate, you see a younger man with a dark hood up and cloak, arguing with another woman wearing a very intricate cloak with a sparkling blue interior. Darker brown hair pulled into a very tight bun in the back with streaks of white in the back, and familiar-looking weapons dangling from her belt. You're too far away to hear anything, but you do see them. It's too hard to see from this distance. Looks humanoid. Okay. You were about 100 feet from them. You were on the outside of that slight open clearing, and they were in the center of it. It looked like there was momentum moving through, and they have stopped to have this argument, so you don't know how long until they're going to keep moving again. Okay. Minor Illusion is very limited as a cantrip. It lasts for a minute, and it stays in that place. Where do you want to create it? So you're releasing the dog? You fly up into the tree there, you guys all making your way towards the edge of this clearing, the dog goes, "I'm terribly sorry. What were you requesting?" "Hi." This black mastiff quizzically turns his head to you. "Yes. What are we doing? Who are you? What was the presence here?" "Great." "No." "Maybe." "I'll see what I can do. When? Who?" "All right. All right." "Don't call me that, please. It's demeaning." You already have his name. I'll have to go look in my notes again. Anyway, you know its name. It's fine. We won't go into too much-- You guys make your way towards this clearing, preparing for the sequence. We're going to take a bathroom break and come back for the ensuing chaos. So we'll see you guys back here in a few minutes. Thank you, Loot Crate. Check out the stuff; we have awesome stuff with them. Back here in a few minutes, guys. Welcome back. Last we left off, Vax noticed that apparently Ripley and some of her crew are trying to make their way back further into the jungle and are in mid-discussion. This is just for spatial awareness at the moment, and depending on what happens, possible battle. Where do you guys want to be for this? This is the goliath right there holding the box. I didn't have a box, really, but there's a big box. That's Ripley, and that's the hooded figure. All right. What's up? We'll say you're up here, Vex, off to the side at this open bit here. The rest of you guys, tell me where you want to be placed. Anywhere that's green is essentially tree overbrush. That's Ripley, that's the hooded figure, a hooded thug, and that's the goliath. Over here? Make a stealth check, Grog. Make a stealth check. You're getting close. That right there is going to be-- It's up to you. A 14? Keyleth, where do you want to go? Stealth check. Scanlan, you have a little dog with you. 20 total? Okay. So as you guys are setting up place, Vax, you can start hearing, and you start hearing some of the conversation. You hear Ripley loudly whispering, "Look, I've been "carefully setting my scheduling on this, and we have at least 15 to 20 minutes before they arrive." The thug turns to her and says, "You also said they wouldn't be arriving to the island for "another day or so. We don't have time to drag our prize to the transport site." Anna returns immediately with a "You are a fool to argue with your superior, child. I hired you as a "bodyguard, nothing more. I plot, you protect. If this doesn't suit you, allow me to fire you from "service." She pulls one of her guns out and cocks it and points it. He goes, "No, I mean no disrespect, but we must begin setting a trap here now if we hope to stop them." It's a he. Anna says, "You aren't wrong. Luska, take the relic to the others at the "mountain. We'll wait here and prepare for our pursuers." And the goliath reaches down and begins to grab the box and goes, "You mean use the relic against them?" Anna says, "It may be too dangerous given we know little about it. Let me think." As this is happening, you hear a (cracking) in a nearby brush, and all of a sudden, they both look over in the direction as a goliath holding an axe is visible behind one of the trees. (yelling) (laughs) Okay. So who's firing right now? Okay. You, you, and you. You're releasing a dog. Okay. Going around here for this, you release the dog. The dog begins to run. I'll say it gets about there. Vax, you're throwing a dagger? Roll for an attack. No, Grog broke the surprise. You still get the advantage on the first strike, though. Okay, 24 on Ripley. That hits. Roll damage. Okay. You throw both daggers. One goes into her shoulder and she pulls back, the impact hitting but her seemingly resisting, not taking the full brunt of the blow. The second one hits again, and it's a delayed reaction from the impact. She's like, "Stop! Stop now!" Puts her hand out like that, shouting out to you, shouting out to the direction of where the dagger came from. She sees you moving past in the brush, glancing, and is putting her hands up like that. What are the rest of you guys doing? Are you going through? You don't know. All right. Vex? Bramble shot from up here? Okay. She has pretty intense cover from you from that side. That high up, you can see where she is, but she's pretty much almost full cover, so she has a big bonus to AC. First strike? 22. With the cover bonus, no. Arrow misses. It hits a tree nearby. (impact sound) Hits another tree. Nothing. She's still shouting, "Stop! Let's talk!" Scanlan and Percy, what are you guys doing? You see her holding her shoulder from where the dagger impacted. The other hooded figure has pulled a blade out and is looking around. You shout? All right. Grog, what are you doing? It snaps loudly. Okay. Keyleth, what are you doing? She begins backing away. The spell has no effect. She's holding the gun up, her hand up now. She put it up and begins taking a step back. She stops moving. The other figure is standing there, looking what to do. The goliath is holding the crate now. The goliath shouts out, "Here or bring it to you?" Drops it to the ground and begins to back away from the crate about there. Anna, who's standing there now, looking over and seeing you where the voice is coming from-- "Faster than anticipated. Congratulations. Well, now. We stand in a curious position. Shall "we talk?" You see the blood pooling down her shoulder. The other humanoid male, you can see now it's a man behind there holding the blade out to the side. You're going to have to get lower to get a better look here. You can get about there to get a better view. The dog, which has moved forward-- Steps back there. There, you mean? You can still see her through the brush. You have a better view. She only has half cover now from the trees. You, make another stealth check. Well, you can make a bonus action to hide, essentially. Okay. Both of you guys, roll stealth. You essentially both hide as your roguish talents let you. 26. Okay, gotcha. She says, "I have fairly procured a few artifacts for myself, and you have "done the same. Do we call it an honorable draw and go our own ways?" "I have no interest in the petty tyranny of drakes and dragons. Every great beast that has "asserted dominance through history has fallen to the ingenuity of man. I worry not what you're after." "The other races, Percy, and you know this in your heart, they lack our dynamic ability to "adapt, to build upon failure so quickly that success becomes an inevitability. I have faith you "will all succeed in your mission, so long as you keep your precious white-haired boy in the lead." The man with the dagger out glares off at you in the distance. Make a perception check, actually. Everybody, right now. The twins in. Come here, guys. Anna continues, arm up, says, "Religion is archaic and unnecessary." The man stands there. "Look, Percival." As you're talking, she cuts through your voice to him and says, "Don't worry, Percy. Our "toys have already made the rounds. I sold a couple in Vasselheim and a few more in Ank'harel, "partially because I needed the money, but also because he told me it would drive you mad." "We're looking at six and the instructions for creation to two other seemingly very curious "and up-and-coming tinkerers like yourself." Okay. Go ahead and roll. This combat has halted, and now it's progressing again. That's your attack. Roll your attack. Okay. You fire, and the dagger gets thrown. The dagger passes through her form. Your bullet has no effect. You watch as Ripley smiles and lowers her head. Both her and the figure that were standing vanish from sight. There's a streak of bright light from the distance as a small beam hits the center and detonates in a small fireball, which then causes the ground to suddenly rumble and (explosion) erupt in an explosion of white light and force. Everybody but Percival, for a moment, you are tossed with the blast of a hundred hammers across your body and face. Your vision is faded as you hear the sound of thunder but inches from your ear. Numbness takes over your form. I need all of you to roll a dexterity saving throw. It may. You threw it over there. It seemed to cause a smoky apparition, but no effect. He has advantage on dexterity saving throws. The dog would, yes. How many hit points does the dog have? Even if the dog made it, the onyx dog that reformed into a small object is now flung from a large fiery explosion. Dexterity save? Percy, you actually-- no, actually you should make it too, from the sheer force. Everybody makes it. Okay. So Grog, you manage to leap out of the way as you begin to see the fireball explosion that's just out of the range. It hits in the center here, and doesn't hit anybody, but in a split second, you watch as certain things in the ground catch flames and explode from underneath. The ground itself erupts, like something deep beneath the earth bursts outward. Grog, you take 32 points of fire damage. Vax, you manage to dodge out of the way behind a tree, the tree of which is blown past you, and you duck out of the way, but it takes the brunt of the damage. You take no damage with your evasion. The rest of you take 65 points of fire damage. The goliath probably took some damage, too. (chuckles) Trinket also takes the damage, by the way. Roll a reflex save. Yep. Grog is not blasted prone. Managed to catch himself. 21. Trinket takes 32 points of fire damage. As the ringing subsides from the blast, you all were thrown dozens of feet from your current placement, most of you onto your back aside from you, Vax, and you, Grog. Actually, Trinket would have caught himself as well. You now see a giant crater in the ground with rock and rubble and shards of glass tossed around you. The trees in the center have been blasted out, and you can see a number of broken trunks and roots curved up with little bits of fire and flame burning off their edge, what little bit of burnable material still remained on some of the living trees. The smell of heavy gunpowder recently burned sits in the air as the giant cloud of smoke rises up in the center of the jungle. At this point in time, the goliath has stepped forward from the brush, as well as two other figures off to the side wielding long-barreled rifle-like weapons. There are a few other figures on this side, as well. And actually, you don't see that one. And Ripley steps out of the bushes from the side. Over there. The opposite side. This is a heavy groove in the ground. These are the only parts of the land that still stand at normal ground height. The rest of this is a giant slope that goes into a crevasse and rises back up. Vegetation in that area is completely gone, and there is broken rock and glass everywhere. It's about 20 feet deep at its deepest. Everybody sees everybody right now. I need you all to roll initiative. (groaning) A number of initiative rolls on that one. All right. Going from this, here, because this is going to be a bit of a complicated battle to keep track of for initiative, I'm going to write it here. 25 to 20? 30? This would be the time to do it. All right. What'd you get, Grog? 22. 20 to 15? Vex. Right. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Six. The Hex is still around, meaning you cast the spell, and it's a concentration spell. Actually, I need you to roll a concentration check on it. Oh, you've got to roll a natural 20. That was a lot of damage, buddy. Jesus Christ, Taliesin. Somehow, in the blast, as your eyes flicker to and you immediately shoot up from the ground in a sitting position your eyes immediately focus on Ripley appearing from across the way, from across the crevasse, and that little lingering scar of Orthax in the back of your head maintains the anger of your Hex. You would have to designate it onto her next turn, but you still maintain the spell. Top of the round is Percy. You are over here on your ass right now. That's half your movement there. You're right at the edge of where the ground breaks and falls in. You're within 400, yeah. Yeah, if you'd like to. So you move the Hex over to her with your bonus action. She's now officially hexed. Dex disadvantage. Got it. Okay. Go for it. That'll hit. She has to make a strength save, is it? That is a 19. She makes it. It doesn't knock her prone. It hits her in the foot. She almost falls over. Roll damage. Nice. (gunshot) The blast hits the leg. It almost knocks her onto the ground, but she catches herself against the tree right behind her and pushes herself into place. It is a tree about ten feet behind her. 32 to hit? That'll hit. Another strength check. This one she does not make. As she readies herself, you fire a second time, and it hits her foot. You can see a spatter of blood off the side. She falls and slams down on the ground taking three points of piercing damage landing onto the broken glass and the rubble around her. Actually, because she's on the ground it's at disadvantage. Any ranged attacks against prone people. It's not so much cover, it's more the fact that they're a smaller target to hit because they're closer to the ground. It's not cover that gives her the bonus. Right, it affects cover, it doesn't affect her being a smaller target in general to hit. It's the way the rule works. Okay, there you go. It's a straight attack roll. 14 does not hit. It scoots past her and slams into the tree behind her. You see the splintering of petrified bark. Around Keyleth? That ends your turn, Percy? Grog, you're up. Regular rage or frenzied rage? You can just get there. You see him loading a rifle, and all of a sudden you rush up to the side and he goes, "Oh shit!" Go for it. 29 will definitely hit. 33 points of damage? Oh, I see. They both hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Nice, so 34, you actually did more! Second strike? It's all right. 29. As you rush up and hack into him with the blade, angry, your jaw clenched in anger, the gunner is pushed back, each blow gashing into his chest You can already see the crimson line of each slash across his armor, folding away from the impact. He's trying to get the hell away from you. Does that end your turn? Next up is Anna Ripley. She stands up from her space angrily and goes, "That's all right. We "can finish the job." She brings her hand up and begins casting a spell on herself. She finishes casting the spell. A weird outline begins a gold-like shimmer across the edges of her shoulders. You're not quite sure what it means. You watch as her right metallic hand detaches and hits the ground. You watch as a flare of purplish-black energy begins to swirl off her shoulders and where the arm was, now you see a giant shadow claw emerge. You see a shadow begin to encompass around her, another pair of shoulders and glowing yellow eyes over her form as she says, "I found a new friend recently. Seems he doesn't like being abandoned." With that, she vanishes. This gunner here is going to aim at you, Vax, while this one is going to attempt to step away from Grog. Go ahead and make your attack of opportunity on him. That hits. Nice. As he runs away, you hack again, this time across the back of the shoulders. He arcs in pain. He's looking a little rough, but still keeping up. He stumbles away, turns around, whips the rifle behind and goes to fire at you with it. It has advantage on you because you reckless attacked. That's a natural 20 on the second roll. With the rifle, it's 2d10. 42 points of piercing damage to you, Grog, from the crit. Because you are raging and it's not magical, that's halved, so you take 21 points of damage. Going to reload the rifle and then go for another strike. With advantage, that's 17 plus ten, so 27. Next hit is 13 points of piercing damage, reduced to six. The other gunner, aiming at you, Vax. Yes, and it rolled a one and a 19. The first shot goes clear. It hits your form, but your form shimmers-- Yeah, it's going to. The rifle immediately (gunfire) smoke starts pouring out it. You see the metal is bent now and he chucks it to the side, turns, and pulls out a small pistol and is going to take two shots at you with disadvantage. That's five plus ten, 15 misses. Second shot misses. Turns the barrel, goes to fire a third time with disadvantage. Six and a 19, nope. The third one fires, and each one's hitting your form, but your image shifts around it. No impact. It's going to step back into the bush here, try to get out of sight. That guy's going to stay over there. That ends their turn. Vex, you're up. You're over here, flat on your ass, looking up at the open space where a bunch of tree cover used to be that is now blown open, the sky is visible. These are some trees that survived the explosion that are singed and burned. This is a trunk approximately this big underneath. Using half your movement to get up, you would have 15 more feet, so this is as far as you could get. But you could use your bonus action to dash if you wanted to, because you're second-level rogue. You dash, but you can't roll a hide, as well, unless you want to use your action to do that. You can, yeah, so long as something's in range. What's the range on your longbow? It should be written down. You should have written it down. Longbow is 150 feet and 600 feet. Yes. Pretty much everything except for maybe the farthest guy is questionably within your first range category. Yeah, you do have a shot at most everything. He might be; it's hard to tell at this distance. You'd have to gauge it. Go for it. That hits! 21 points of damage. As the figure's disappearing backwards trying to get into the brush to hide, the arrow hits the female warrior, and you can see her move. You can take your second attack on her. That was the female gunner, yeah. Right there. 18 just barely hits. Didn't quite get into cover. You hear the echo of angry, gritted teeth from the pain of two arrow blows. You're using the tree. You're at half cover at the tree. Vax, you're up. The one that I whispered to? Was an illusion. It vanished. You don't see that figure anymore. Yeah, right there. You saw the two arrows. Are you going to move closer, or are you leaping up onto the-- This tree's too thick; you're going to have to get up onto the tree to do it. You leap up and get onto it. Both hit. Unfortunately, no sneak attack. You're up next, Keyleth, by the way. Great. The two daggers pierce, vanish in place, come back to you. Yeah. You leap just beneath and if you want to use your bonus action-- no, you used your bonus action. You're done. That gives you three-quarters cover, though, from behind anywhere from that angle. Yeah. He's behind Percy now. All right, that comes to Keyleth. You have three. You can get behind Trinket. Grog, after you see the guy back up and you start lurching forward, you faintly hear out of the corner of your ear a rustle, and your eye turns over just in time to see a hooded figure leap out with a blade in hand towards you from behind. That is going to be, with advantage against you, 26 to hit. Doesn't help you in this. Yeah, which he got advantage on the saving throw. You feel something cold and painful sink into your back and your muscles tense up. You take-- From the sneak attack-- 28 points of slashing damage. Halved to 14. Through your back from the blade. Surprised that the impact didn't take as well as it did, pulls the blade out. Looking at the blood curling on the edge of the blade, you glance over your shoulder at this thug-like figure. Young man, looking a little scared. That brings us to the goliath. Sees you. Dashes forward, takes no action, pulls out a shield and a big old thick broadsword. Comes up, yelling at you, getting your attention full-on gladiatoral warrior-on-warrior combat,. Shield at the ready, ready to tussle with you. Scanlan, you're up. Yeah. It's a gradual crevasse that comes down and comes up to these points here with the ground that's been blown out. Yeah, roughly. Both of these guys are about 25, 30 feet from each other. That one and the next one there? They would be roughly 65, 70 feet apart. Two dex saves. The DC is 15. The robed one succeeds, so takes half damage. The gunner rolled a natural one. Roll that 8d6 damage. Percy, you're almost up. We have one more turn before you after this, so be prepared. 17 fire damage to that one and that gunner there. (explosion) Another fiery explosion, you can see the streak from the wand of Scanlan in the distance. This tree begins to catch fire as it's one of the few not fully burned, petrified trees. It's going to curl up. The robed figure ducks out of the way and manages to avoid some of the impact. The figure that's already been stabbed and shot by arrows takes the full brunt of it and is looking charred, burnt, and barely holding on right now. I'm letting it, yeah. You can take a potion as a bonus. Greater is 4d4 plus four. Uses a bonus action to Misty Step. Onto there. Robed figure-- Yeah, it's up at eye level. Stands there on the edge, lifts the staff up, the hand begins to glow in a shimmer of rainbows, and as the hand comes down like this, the rainbow blasts out in front of it with a sudden, nearly-blinding show of magical arcane force. Did I get my templates? Because I'm going to need a template there, Ryan. I don't see them in there. It is within 60 feet. You're using your action to Counterspell? Go ahead and roll, adding six plus two, so plus eight to this. It's a d20, add eight. 12. I had an interesting thought, here. Peerless skill. You can add one of our own bardic inspirations to an ability check if you want to. It is technically an ability check. Yeah, it's an ability you got at level 14. You can roll the d10 and add that. 16's not going to be enough. Only catches those two, unfortunately. Wasn't quite as good as he was hoping. Actually, it would get-- no. Trinket's barely misses. I need a dexterity saving throw from Percival and from Scanlan. 18? No, you have the ability, Indomitable, as a fighter to do that. Scanlan, what'd you roll? 24 dexterity saving throw? Nice! Well, he gets 10d6 fire damage to you as one of the red rays strikes into you, Percy. 15 points of fire damage to you, Percy. Would have been 30. That is really shitty rolls on that one. Wait, Percy, you failed, so you take full damage, sorry. So it is 31 points of fire damage. I rolled an eight, so that's two rays against you, Scanlan. It is! That's yellow against you, and orange. So that's 20d6 damage. Thankfully, you made your save, so it's half each. Lightning and acid. However, the acid you have resistance to. 10d6. The acid you would take would be 47, reduced to 23. So you take 23 acid damage. 38 points of lightning damage reduced to-- for the acid damage, you took half of that, as well. How much did I say you took? 23. That's reduced in half because of your resistance. That brings it to 11 points of acid damage. Then you take 16 points of lightning damage. You roll 1d8 when it's cast, and on you I rolled an eight, which means you get two rays. Thank god you had resistance and you made your save. What happens, yeah. It's everything in a 60-foot cone. Was hoping he was a little closer. That's a 7th. That was his big one. Not with that crevasse, unfortunately. I will fight you. Truly, I will fight you, I have two guys fighting you. Percival, you're up. You can't right now, no. No. Okay, go for it. 27 to hit, with the minus from Sharpshooter? 24 to hit? Yeah, that hits. Make up your mind, man! Wasn't an intentional roll? Reroll. The bullet hits. You see the robed figure, the hood flies back. You see a man in his 40s with a chinstrap beard. He's still holding his staff, keeping himself there. 12 does not hit. This time, you go to fire, and the mage, now aware of your presence and what you're firing at him, ducks out of the way, and it shoots past. 21. As a reaction, the mage is going to throw up a Shield spell, seeing it coming towards him, adding to his AC. The bullet, while it should have hit the torso, ricochets off an arcane shield that shimmers briefly in place, having no impact, unfortunately. 4d4 plus four, yes. All right, that ends your turn, Percival. Grog you're up. Correct. Yes. You'll have to move to push her. Yeah, you shift around that way. You'd get an attack of opportunity from the rogue. And I would say, so you're aware, usually it's like when you go into a rage you choose to frenzy rage, but I've always liked the idea of you going into a frenzy if you want to. I don't think it takes an action to do so. It's a bonus action to rage. Yeah, you're fine. You go into it. All right, so you'll move. One over this way. The rogue goes to strike you. That is 21? That hits. It is not sneak attack right now because he already used it until it comes back to his turn. So you take ten points of piercing damage reduced to five. As he swipes at you, cuts barely across your back and you move into place. Okay now the goliath turns her shield up in front of you. Okay, so the first strike, make your athletics check, I think?This would be your athletics versus hers. Yeah. You push her back five feet there, and you push into that space there. First attack, she puts the shield up and as you slam into the shield, slides against, you see all the glass building up behind her ankles and tumbling into the crevasse behind her. All right go for it. Roll again. That is a 13, as she stands there with her blade at the ready, getting ready to arc down with the counterattack, you slam into her shield and she (yells) falls backward, tumbling into the crevasse. Down into the pile in the center. She takes 15 points of damage from the impact and the shards of broken, jagged glass that are at the bottom of it from the explosion before and she's like (groans) on the ground. Yes, you can. Yeah. Yeah, that'll hit. 17. You rush up and slash across with the axe. He puts up the rifle to try and keep it at bay. You cut through the rifle, cutting it in half, and the blade impacts in the chest. Pushes and pulls the weapon out as you pull backward, ready for another strike. A big streak of blood pours out from the wound. He's standing, but looking extremely hurt. All right, that ends your turn? Yeah. He has the ability to use his reaction to attack someone back immediately. Once per round, yeah. All right. Suddenly, (whoosh). Ripley reappears ten feet from where she was before, and you can still see the smoke pouring off of her, the presence very easy to see of Orthax now bound to her, the inspiration for her recent designs in carrying on the legacy that you chose to end. And as she appears, she goes and takes aim with her refined pepperbox across the way at you, Percy. No, you have half cover, which is a plus five to your AC. She rolled a 28. Yes. So the first one hits. The second strike, she's going to spend a grit point to Violent Shot. That is a 26? Okay. And a third strike, she's going to Headshot you. That's all right. That was a natural one. It misfires. The first two shots hit, but the third one misfires. So with her refined pepperbox she takes aim (gunfire) takes a shot. Actually, before she does that, she bonus actions towards you, and you feel a similar feeling take over you as you now, Percy. LIAM and So the first shot with this is going to be 12 points of piercing damage from the first strike, plus two psychic, as the impact hits you and you feel this shocking ring in your head. You see a flash suddenly in your mind of the dark-shadowed face of Orthax laughing. Yes. Second shot, which is a Violent Shot, on hit has double dice value. So that's 18 points of piercing damage. Okay. Plus four psychic. Go for it. Okay. You catch the bullet, and for the most part it still pierces through. Plus four psychic so eight total. The third gun. "Shit." And you watch as she goes, "Very well." And vanishes again from sight. That brings us to the gunner's turn. This one here is going to go ahead and it's horribly wounded. This one, the rifle misfired, if I recall. Yes. And has pulled out a pistol. So the gunner here, using a pistol, is going to take three shots at you, Vax. With disadvantage on them, correct. Well, two shots. One, and then a reload, and then one. So the first shot with disadvantage, that's a 27 and 24. All right, so the disadvantage has faded. But still. You take from the first hit 12 points of piercing damage, and the second strike without disadvantage is terrible. That is a 13. Rolled a three, but it did not roll enough to misfire. So reload, last shot fire misses. It's going to run this way. Yeah, you can do that. So half damage. All righty, the other one who's in front of you, Grog, and is scared out of his mind is going to attempt to step back. So go ahead and take your-- he does not want to be in your face. That hits. Roll damage. Yeah, no. It's too late. 16. You arc back. This time you jam it into the leg, and you see him now limping, one eye is like half closed and swollen, breathing heavy. One arm is busted and is still holding the pistol up, and points it toward you. He's going to take three shots with the pistol that's already loaded, now that he got rid of the big gun. The first one is going to be (shouting) 12! You dodge to the side. Next shot is 25. This one will be eight points of piercing damage. And this one it's going to use all three grit points that it has to do a triple Violent Shot. It adds more to the misfire score, but it can add to a lot of damage. 22. 26 points of piercing damage, reduced to half. To 13, yeah. Goes firing at you with the shots and as you're still standing and taking it all, he's shaking and backing up. All right, that ends the gunner's turn. Vex, you're up. All right. Still visible over here, yeah. Go for it. That'll hit. Oh and Percy, I forgot to add, nine additional points of necrotic damage from the Hex. I forgot to add that to the damage you were taking. I give it to you all the time. All right. (grunts) 23 hits. 17 points. The other arrow snaps into her leg as she's trying to run past (grunts) she almost stumbles for a second and has to-- Okay, go for it. Vax you're up. Over there? To the crevasse or around it? 25, 30. Slide down. Moving at this speed you're taking damage for each one, so you take six points of piercing damage, or one point of damage for each square that you run past in the glass. No, one point per square. I kept forgetting the glass aspect of this. That's as close as you can get. You took a total of 18 points piercing damage. It's going to have to be a climb check to get up, next round. That's as far as you can get, you're running through the crevasse as you go. Okay. There you go. All right. For this one? As you're ducking through, you're shouting it out, but you don't even know if he's really paying attention at the moment. All right, ending your turn. Keyleth you're up. (chuckles) All righty. All right, so it's a ten-foot radius. So a ten-foot radius. I'm going to kill all of you. A 30-foot high cylinder. So you're creating it here? All right. So you guys watch as the wind kicks up-- You could, technically, yeah, if you want to. All right. So you watch as a cloud begins to appear above and shoots down in an instantaneous funnel. A tornado slams down into this crevasse, as Keyleth's eyes glow, her reaching out and drawing it to the ground. All right, it sucks up any medium or smaller objects that aren't secured. Creatures make a dexterity saving throw the first time on a turn that it enters the whirlwind or the whirlwind enters its space. So they both have to make a dex save. The mage, that's an eight. That's a nope. The goliath. That's a 19, and 18 plus one. What's your DC? It succeeds. The goliath does. The mage does not. 10d6 bludgeoning damage, if you could. 10d6. 21, plus? 36 bludgeoning damage. The goliath grapples on to some of the shards of broken glass, and while taking the bludgeoning impact manages to stay in place. The mage has to make a strength saving throw or become restrained in the spell until it ends, and rolls a two. He is restrained. Restrained means speed becomes zero, attack rolls against him have advantage, and it has disadvantage on dexterity saving throws. He can try to use his action to break free, and then it is hurled from it. But right now it is currently held. When it starts his turn, he begins being pulled up in the air inside the whirlwind. It's pretty cool. All right, cool. And you can use your move to move the whirlwind 30 feet. So now that's he's restrained in it, if you move the whirlwind elsewhere, he goes with it. You know, you didn't use your movement. You can move up to 30 feet and possibly pick up other things if you want to. No one is directly nearby, but you can start moving it in a certain direction, if you'd like. Okay, so leaving behind. 25, 30. That's where you're going to want to leave it, there. Currently held up inside that. That sucks for you. Keyleth, that end your turn? Keyleth. As you're casting the spell and holding aloft, the hooded thug, the younger man, runs behind and flings a dagger in your direction. Yeah, you do have half cover on that, which adds. Three-quarters cover is plus five. It may be plus two for half cover. Let me double-check. I'll say it's three-quarters cover. That's fine. You get plus five to your AC. 24. What's your AC? Yeah. That hits, still? Yeah, it still hits you. Okay, so, flings the dagger. This black, curved, razor-like dagger sinks into you. Currently no sneak attack damage, but you do take-- 16 points of piercing damage to you. I need you to make a concentration check. Just roll a constitution saving throw. It would be ten or higher. Don't roll low. Constitution saving throw. You make it! You maintain concentration. However, as the blade hits you, you watch as it was thrown, you notice Kynan shifts into shadow and goes after the blade, vanishing. The blade strikes you, and then suddenly Kynan's hand appears where the blade stabbed you, and he appears next to you. Up on the log, right there. You see him shaken. There's sweat on the face. That ends his turn. It is now the barbarian. Not the barbarian, the goliath's turn. There, is going to attempt to make an athletics check to climb. That's enough. Gets up just barely to the top and that's not going to be enough to really do much else on her turn, unfortunately. Messed up everything she's been trying to do. Yeah, shield. Climbs up, wipes off the blood from the side of her mouth, (growls). Scanlan, you're up. Yes, it is. Oh shit! All right, hold on. Reverse Gravity. 100 feet. You could totally get it over there. 50-foot radius, so yeah, it's going to get-- You can get everyone in that, including Grog. Grog, make a dexterity saving throw, with advantage, because it's against a spell. Nope. The gunner fails. The goliath fails. Interestingly enough, the mage is unaffected because he's not affected by gravity. He's currently being held in a whirlwind. However, go ahead and at the full 100 feet high, everyone hits the very top of it, and then you can choose to then either maintain it or drop them immediately. There's a gunner there, and then there's the goliath warrior. They are all currently now (screams) unable to attack, unable to really do anything well up from there. Yeah, he's over there, and there's the gunner over there. 50-foot radius? Yeah. That would have put-- I'll make a dex save on them. That is a 21. What is your DC? So just makes it. So it's barely holding on right now, reaches over and grabs part of the tree and is like (groaning). Seemingly, yeah. Currently, he's holding on to the branch, preventing himself from falling upward, grabbing a root and part of a tree, and is like (yelling) stuck there in the moment. Do you want to move? Through it or around. It's up to you. This way? Five points of piercing damage to you, Scanlan, as you're running across. Grog's taken none because Grog's rage essentially halves the one point you take per walk, so you don't take any damage. Everyone else has been barely moving, so they've been doing the half move. You take one point of damage per square you move. What level are you casting it as? 2nd-level? Okay, so 2d4 plus six. 12 points healed to you, Vex. All right. The mage, who is currently held in the whirlwind-- let's see, here. He's just restrained. He can still do things while it's in the whirlwind. It can't move, attacks against it have advantage-- Apologies for the delay. Okay, that works. So the mage, who's currently held aloft and floating about, looks over at the source of the whirlwind, puts a hand out and goes (grunt). You watch as an arc of lightning arcs over in the direction of Keyleth. It arcs past-- No, the throw is when he breaks free of it. Right now, he takes damage. Where is it? Basically, it just does the damage, and then it holds him in place. You can basically control where they are, which is the fun of it. It's restrained, and it's held within. Just making sure I'm not missing any of the elements here. First time in a turn that it enters the whirlwind or the whirlwind enters its space, including when the whirlwind first appears. So yeah, it doesn't keep taking damage. It is being held aloft right now, and you can move it over other guys as you continue to press through more damage. So anyway, the arc of lightning arcs over 150-feet distance, hitting towards you. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Keyleth. No, it doesn't help you. This is true. So go ahead and dexterity saving throw. Does not help, unfortunately. It's 10d8 lightning damage. We'll find out in a second. So Keyleth, you take 59 points of lightning damage. 59 points of lightning damage from the Chain Lightning spell that just hit you. You fall unconscious. The whirlwind vanishes (thump), and the mage falls prone-- Cannot grab onto anything, because he was actually lifted up in the air, so the mage is now 100 feet in the air. However, three bolts then leap from the target to as many as three other targets. So that's going to be-- Goes to the first-- that includes Scanlan. So Scanlan, Percy, and Trinket all get a bolt. He chooses the targets. So I need Percy, Scanlan, and Trinket to make a dexterity saving throw. Not unless you already have inspiration. Let me see here. Make sure if it's an ability check. Only for an ability check for you, unfortunately, Scanlan. And Trinket? So you took how much damage from that? 59? 59 points of lightning damage to you. Scanlan goes unconscious on the ground. Percy, you take 38 points of-- It would be-- no, sorry. Half of 59. 28. 29. 29 points of lightning damage to you, Percy. And Trinket takes 59 points of lightning damage. Yeah, (whoosh) so Trinket turns into a little burst of dark bear shadow and (whoosh) shoots into your necklace. And everyone falls. (laughs) That is 30 points of bludgeoning damage. Yeah, you take half. Because you can still maintain your rage while up there, so you take 15. Exactly. The gunner splats. Just a messy splat of red crimson on the ground. Impacts, is alive but hurt, and is like (pain grunt) on the ground. Yes, and then takes an additional-- Actually, let's see if she manages to make a saving throw to stay there. She actually lands on the edge, because that's where she was standing before. Nope! Not with a five. So that's an additional 13 points of damage. Oh, she's looking rough. But that other gunner is gone. That guy's fine who's been holding on. The mage takes-- The mage splats. Grog, you are prone on the ground there. Percival, it's your turn. Go for it. Yeah, go ahead and roll for an attack. No, roll a d20. You add your proficiency bonus of five, plus your strength modifier. I know. You know what, for the, hmm-- I would say, unfortunately, because you're not a monk, it's going to be strength. It's for every physical impact. You hit. What'd you roll? Yeah, you're fine. Yeah. But you do actually strike. So he's going to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. Natural one. Although I love when the dice make narrative work. So go ahead and roll. With a lightning charge earlier, any additional charge? So 3d6. Ten points. All righty. Ten points of damage to Kynan. And Kynan is stunned for the round. I also need you to roll another d20. Just roll another d20. 11? Okay. Diplomacy shorts out and is probably going to need to be repaired. He's like (grunt). The electricity hit. He's currently shocked. He's going to be stunned-- he can't do anything for the next round. Yes, you are. To feed somebody a potion? That's a full action. Yourself is a bonus. But that requires you to pull it out, grab someone, open their mouth, pull off the cork, pour it down, and make sure they swallow it. Go for it. Go for it. Oh yeah, no. He is stunned, so attacks have advantage. Technically, it's incapacitated-- Well they're both crits. Yeah, because they're melee. Double dice, then add bonus. 34 on the first strike? Total? Okay. 34 points of damage. As you (swish) and start carving up the currently paralyzed man, the armor separating with each slash, the red crimson beginning to pour from the wounds, the eyes are quivering in fear. Okay. Ends Percy's turn. Grog, you're up. Yep. You still have 25 feet of movement if you want it. That's the goliath. That is Vax'ildan. You can. If you slide down to meet her, with that kind of force, you will take seven points of piercing damage reduced to three. So that's three points of piercing damage. You (sliding noise) down to the bottom. She is prone, yes. You do. You may. 28. Sure. Regular is 1d4 plus-- no, 2d4 plus two. Sorry. So Grog. Yep. You slam that axe down once into her chest. She (pained yell) gives out air and grabs the blade to try and pull it out from the wound. You put your boot down on her face and push her away, pull the axe up. How do you want to finish her off? How do you want to do this? (slash sound) It's purplish and gray. Given the force of the impact and the scattering of the top of the head against the stone and glass, yeah, she is no more. The body goes limp, and as you realize, your foot on her pushing her down, you're actually pushing the glass shards through her body that are underneath her, and you see them begin to pierce through her armor plating. (slash) There you go. Slid down there. I could give you an athletics check to try and climb out, but you will just barely get out. You won't get your full movement. With advantage, because you're raging. You rage-climb to the edge. End of your turn? All righty. Reverse Gravity fucked up everything a little. Ripley appears at the edge of the crevasse. She glances about and sees the state of her party and goes (groans) and then peers off in your direction. All right. She is going to go ahead and-- Well, she can take a bonus action to go ahead and attempt to repair it. Well, no. For this, this would be-- --an action to do it, yeah. That's true. That's a success. So she repairs it with her action. An action surge? Oh no, it's on the list. Don't worry. The first strike, she has two more grit points. She's going to spend one to do a violent shot on you. That is a 25? 25. 25, yeah. It wasn't a very high roll. All right, so that's a violent shot on that. She's going to spend another grit point to do-- well, let's do that attack first. So that is 2d10. (counting) 25 points. 25 points of piercing damage with two points psychic. How often can you snare ranged stuff? No, but I'm trying to see how many times you can use that. Every turn as a reaction? That's pretty cool. All right, go for it. Just want to make sure. So it was 25 plus two, 27, so 19. Plus two points of necrotic damage from Hex. What are you at? For this, you are unconscious. Let me see this real fast. You'll see if it has a perk. No, that does not affect you at this time. Okay. So are you unconscious? You hit the ground. As you fall, the shadow around Ripley flares and you hear a voice go, "Yes!" She aims and takes another shot at you. Yeah, that hits. You lose a death saving throw. Third shot at you. Second death saving throw. She shouts over her shoulder, "Finish him!" And... she doesn't vanish. There's a shimmer, and she goes, "Ugh! Curses!" And runs (counting) 30 that way. Actually, not quite. Right there. She shouts over her shoulder, "Finish him!" This one over here, looking over to the side, goes and takes aim. Yeah. The gunners go next. Correct, and technically it is-- This is with the pistol. (gunshot) Takes a shot. The third bullet (rushing bullet) sinks into Percy's form, and the breath fades to stillness. The necklace (breaking glass) shatters around your neck, the one that Pike gave you, and a sudden burst of divine energy fills your body, and you're restored to one hit point. (gasping and exclaiming) She pulled it from under her bed. And yeah, that's going to go ahead and end the gunner's turn. Vex, you're up. Scanlan goes far after you. No, because it has to be-- as you get two attacks. It's either you attack or you do something else, so no. You do take-- that is your movement to get there and back. You aren't taking slow steps. That's going to be six points of piercing damage, running across the glass. All right. End of your turn? Vax, you're up. On Ripley? Let's do it. She is hunter marked. I need you to make an athletics check. You can't get out of the crevasse. You try climbing and the rock's breaking away. Make another attempt. You get almost to the edge and the glass breaks. You slide back down into the crevasse. You climb up to the edge. (panting) That's your turn, but you're out of the crater. Make a persuasion check. 19. Okay. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth? I need you to make a death saving throw. 11, okay. All right, it is now Kynan's turn. Kynan is stunned. The stun wears off at the end, but Kynan is left there breathing heavy, looking down at the two bleeding bodies before him. One that is, eyes flash open on the ground, and Keyleth currently face down in the dirt, with a little puddle of blood around the corner of her mouth. At the end of Kynan's turn, Scanlan, you are conscious, but you are prone on the ground right now. That's half your movement. You can move that far, and you take two points of piercing damage. Okay, that's a bonus action. So that's 2d4 plus six. All right, you come to consciousness. Okay, what's the range of the fireball? Yes, that'll do. She, with a roll of a natural 17 plus, disadvantage on the dex. Oh no, because you were unconscious, the hex is gone. You probably would have lost concentration anyway, but it's fine. Okay, 10d6, all right. So yeah, she makes her save on that. The gunner does not. The gunner does not survive this no matter what you roll. The gunner is a crispy pile of ash thrown toward the back of-- go ahead and roll 10d6 damage. 27, halved to 13. The cloak flashes a bright blue underneath and it seems almost like some of the fire pulls into the cloak. It begins to glow with this pulsing charge. She takes even less damage than you expected. She takes some damage. You can now see this crackle across the cloak. All right. That's your turn. As the lightning's crackling around her, she goes, "Well, sometimes "you have to rely on those that prove worthy." The shadow that's around her shoulders leaps off. You watch as Orthax now appears next to her. The shadow is still connecting them. You watch as this long stretch of shadow curls across and attaches to her leg. They're still bound by this tether of darkness but, nevertheless, they are both together on the field. Let's see. Orthax is going to go ahead and (whooshing) there, and is going to go ahead and look toward you and go, "You will be my "quarry now, big man." You are currently hit with the mark of vengeance. Nope! You are just marked. The form is in a bad place right now. He's there, out of desperation, but there is sunlight coming down from the sky and you can see it's hurting its presence but, once again, in a desperate place. All right, up to the top. Percy. Okay. 29 hits, 15 does not. You see the flash of smoke off her shoulder at the impact. You see her hair that's pulled up has now fallen in her face now, covering part of her in the front, where a little bit of blood curls at the corner of her mouth. That ends your turn? Grog, you're up. You would have to use an action to dash. Well, no, it's an action to do two attacks, so you may-- let me double check really fast here. As part of your frenzy-- Yeah, which means you get one attack. You would move, you would use your action to move again, and you would have your bonus action to do one hit. You'll take an attack of opportunity if you do so. (counting) Yeah, you'd get up right into her face. Her eyes go wide as you approach. Orthax does get an attack of opportunity against you. He has advantage on attacks against a marked creature. That's a 23 to hit. All right. You take (counting) 18 points-- no, I'm sorry. He had advantage on the roll. So that would be 24 points of psychic damage as the claw rakes through your body, missing your corporeal form. It shocks into your system, your brain spiking with pain. It's your reaction to do it, so you could run past and (whack). You run. You get raked. You spin with the axe and attempt to slam into it, using the momentum to keep charging forward. 26 will hit. Roll damage. 27? Okay. You do, yeah. The Mark gives him advantage on attacks, but the sunlight is giving him disadvantage, so he just gets a single regular roll against you. Anyone else, he's going to have a harder time, but the Mark is helping him. You get right up to Ripley, gun still in hand, seeing you rush up angrily with your one angry, raging goliath freight train of an individual. What do you want to do? 28? That hits. A little bit of blood spatters across the ground near her. She takes the wound and shrinks away a bit, clutching her chest. Nice. That end your turn? It's now her turn. First, she's going to use her bonus action to use her Second Wind. She is not attacking you in melee. Seeing you in her face, she's like, "You're next." Leans over and is going to fire at you, Percy. Yeah. She's in melee. Well no, actually, you used your reaction to hit Orthax, so she can move away from you without getting an attack of opportunity. She does take six points of damage from the run, but that gives her a better angle on you. She's going to use her-- No, she has one more grit point. No, I think you're right. She did. She has one more attack. 21? With the cover, yeah. Right. Natural 20, which gives her a grit point back. 17 points of piercing damage and four points of psychic damage. The psychic damage is a thing you don't know. It's 17 points of piercing damage plus four points psychic. Third and final shot. Nope. That is a 26 to hit. You take 11 points of piercing damage plus four psychic. (zap) All right. She vanished. Vex, you're up. She did move her full movement, yeah. Okay, go for it. Roll for two attacks. First attack? 19? Seems to pass through. What are you going to do? Okay, go for it. The arrow goes high over the tree line and disappears in the distant jungle. You get up to the top of your tree right here, up above the tree, looking down into this open area. That ends your turn? Vax, you're up. Kynan's over here on top of the tree. He just got out of being stunned at being shocked with Diplomacy. Persuasion roll. All right, good to know. That ends your turn. Keyleth. You're in daylight. Adding Daylight isn't going to make a huge difference in daylight. Yeah, and he's currently in sunlight. No, there's no tree cover. All the trees got blown out of this area from the explosion, so adding Daylight would just make daylight in daylight. You don't know; you haven't messed with it, and right now you see the tether reaches out and then dissipates, fades. It's still facing this direction. It's just faded. All right, end of your turn, Keyleth? All right. Kynan steps off the back of the log, out of sight. There's a small gap beneath the log where Kynan comes out from underneath, as you finish the healing spell, and takes the blade and jams it right into your back. Tries to, at least. That is 23. (adding) 26 points of damage. He jumped over the top, hid, and then came underneath and got her. As soon as he sees you fall, he pulls the blade out and drops it to the ground and goes, "I'm sorry!" and falls to his knees and starts shaking in place. That's going to end his turn. Scanlan, you're up. Take five points of piercing damage running across the glass. You start waving your hands freely. As you swing it around and you're moving around, nothing. Now Orthax is going to Dimension Door. And then would move over there. Yeah, no, because he can jump through shadow. He's going to use his rampage pulse. So I need Vax, Percy, Keyleth, and Kynan to all make a wisdom saving throw. (groaning) All right. Percy, you take ten points of psychic damage. Still conscious, though, right? Vax, you also take ten points of psychic damage. Kynan actually does make his save, strangely. Really high roll. However, Percy, as you feel the rampage pulse hit you, your eyes go red, and suddenly you're surrounded by shadow entirely. You pull the gun over, and you fire at something that's nearby. I need you to make a single pistol attack, with disadvantage, against Keyleth. Strikes the wood and splinters off. Vax, I need you to make a dagger attack against Percy. What did you roll? Percy is, however, prone, so you have advantage on the attack. It's not a sneak attack. Seven points of damage to you. That ends Orthax's turn. Percival, you're up. You'll find out. 2d4 plus two. Grog, you're up. Good to know. All right, at the end of your turn, (zap) she appears over there. Her turn came about. Two of you have actions that have been held. Percy and Grog. You're not within range to enter melee, so you can do one Chain of Returning throw attack. Or throw the axe and let it sit there. That'll hit. 28 points of damage. (impact) It slams into her, and the axe slices and carves off part of her arm, the giant shadow claw that she still has on the other side clutching the weapon. She angrily looks over her shoulder. "Shit!" That's your turn? You can on your next turn. 12, no. 20. That would hit, but she uses her reaction to use another Shield. The bullet is deflected off an arcane shield on this side. She's like, axe off Grog, deflects the bullet this side. She is cornered and trying the best she can to get through this. Okay. She is going to use her first attack to reload her pepperbox. Let's see here... Okay. She is going to look over with her clawed hand. Actually, no. She doesn't reload. I'm sorry, she has that back. As opposed to reloading, she looks at her weapon, puts it in her off hand, takes her clawed hand and points a finger over in your direction and releases a single beam of red energy that detonates there in the center of the-- (laughs) Okay, at level six. I believe that's a 3rd-level spell. Yeah, it's gone. Yeah, boom. She's not that powerful of a mage. Multiclass doesn't go that far in a wizard. It was a Fireball. She goes to release it, and you shout out towards it. She's going to move. She's going to take six points of piercing damage and (zap). It's an effect that you are unfamiliar with. Now that you've been up close and seen the effect, roll an arcana check. Yeah. Bard of many things. 22. You haven't really seen the spell done, but you've heard in your travels, there are certain mages, certain not-too-powerful magics that essentially cause individuals to occasionally blink into another dimension briefly and then come back out. That ends her turn. Vex, you're up. Yeah. All righty. Sure, go for it. 31. That hits. It's 4d8 piercing, and you would probably add your additional lightning damage. Strength save. That is 19. Okay, so the brambles reach up out of the arrow and wrap around him, all the thorns constricting and tearing into him. Actually, he-- no, he doesn't have disadvantage on saving throws, just on his perception and attack rolls. So yeah, he does break free and all the brambles shatter and break off around him. You go for your second attack, which is? 31 hits. Roll damage. Down to the wire. Clutch Counterspell, man. 18 damage, nice. All righty, so that ends Vex's turn. Vax, you're up. There's nobody currently in melee or someone who is up against him, because you backed away from him. When you got up, you were still-- No, when you got up, that's the space you were taking. You're still within melee. He has a ten-foot reach. You would have been up, but you're still out of melee of him. Or out of your own melee. Sure. You are still in his melee range, by the way. He has a ten-foot reach. Right there? That will get you out of his melee range, but he will get an attack of opportunity on you. All right. He will take his attack of opportunity on you. Yes. At disadvantage, also because of the sunlight. So that's 25 and 19. You duck underneath. All right, finishing Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. A 15-foot cube you can do right there and not hit any of your party members, and it'll hit Orthax. Has a constitution saving throw. 16. So 2d8 thunder damage, go ahead and roll that, and it's pushed ten feet away from you. Ten points of thunder damage, reduced by half because of his resistances, so he takes five. All righty. It blasts him back. Orthax (growls). Okay, go for it. Kynan is still on the ground, wrestling with the whole circumstance. Okay. Kynan looks up at Keyleth standing up, after stabbing her and watching her fall; seems to be really noticing the tide turning. Looking up toward you-- "Sorry." He grabs the dagger from the ground-- He takes the dagger, rears back with it, and flings it to the side toward Orthax. (cheering) You slam both blades into the side of Orthax, and the form itself, the shadow's sparking. The sunlight is scarring and pocking the back of this oily surface that is its muscled shoulder. Each blade strike that hits, you can see black shadow pouring out like a small waterfall of pure void. Orthax is like (pained growling). Each damage he takes, his head doesn't turn, his face still locked in pure hatred and vengeance toward Percival. End of your turn, Vax? Oh yeah, because that was your reaction. Scanlan, you're up. You can move three squares and not take any damage. She was right here, around there. You can go there. Carefully step away. All right. You can add an inspiration die to an ability check; you don't actually inspire yourself. No! You are inspiring to yourself at all times. Ending your turn, that brings us to Orthax. Orthax, glaring intently, is going to move his Mark of Vengeance as a bonus action to you, Percy. He's going to step forward. From Vax, who is not here. He's still in melee. Do you want to go ahead and roll an attack for Vax? Go for it. That hits. Roll 1d4 plus whatever his bonus to one of his daggers is. All right. Ten damage to Orthax. He takes the hit and keeps walking forward, straight toward you. As it walks up, takes both its claws back and unleashes on you, Percy. It would have disadvantage in the sunlight, but the mark gives it advantage, so it's a basic attack against you. That is 18 plus nine. And the other one is a 14 plus nine. So the first hit is 2d8-- no, 4d8 because he has advantage on you-- no, he doesn't have advantage! 21 points of psychic damage. You're out? Yes. Second strike hits you. Two death saving throws. It's a melee attack within five feet, and you're unconscious. It's two death saving throws. That ends Orthax's turn. Percy, it's your turn. Roll a death saving throw. I believe that is not a failure. Yep, ten or higher you succeed! (screaming) Scanlan is standing where she was last time. Over here? All right, so it is now her turn. She is going to appear right there. Just out of reach of both of you. This is a five-foot melee attack, and she's just out of range of both of you guys. When she bamfed out, the axe fell to the ground, and you pulled it back in. Do you make your throw attack? 32 points of damage. As she appears, you throw the axe, and it's a very short distance, so a big amount of your physical strength is put behind it. The axe embeds itself right in her upper abdomen, and she's like, (groaning). It's still in her right now, and she's, "No." You're going to throw? All right, roll with disadvantage. Mythcarver? Yeah, but you'll have disadvantage, so it's your regular attack with no proficiency bonus. You're not proficient at throwing weapons, so this is a serious penalty. What did you roll? That's not going to do it. You throw the blade, and it whips past her. As she appears, she takes one step, two steps there past Grog, sees Orthax whaling on the corpse of Percy. "And that's "another name off the list." And fires. Yeah, we can get to that. We'll see what she rolls. You're technically prone, so she has disadvantage. So that is a 15-- no, 13. 13 plus 14. 27. Roll a d10 and reduce her attack by a d10. No, he is prone, and that's given the disadvantage. Two. The bullet sinks into Percy. You hear the air escape from his lungs as Orthax suddenly flares up with darkness. You watch as the edges of the barrel, some sort of script that was carved on the side of one of the barrels flares away with a purple flash. And it seems like some of Ripley's wounds heal a little bit. She goes, "Now, it's time to make an escape." And she's going to use a bonus action to Misty Step that way, and vanish. As she runs away, the axe drags a bit behind her because of the chain. As soon as she vanishes, it falls to the ground. That brings us to Vex's turn. Percy is now devoid of life. Go for it. Roll two attacks. Both hit. Roll damage. All right. Okay. You going to stay where you are up in the tree? You fly down this side? Okay. That ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Trinket is currently unconscious in your necklace. Currently, yes. Yeah, because he's in melee, so roll a sneak attack on that. 2d6 to that. Okay, that's eight. All righty. Vax? Okay. 24. Roll for sneak attack. 31 damage. Okay. Ending Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Orthax is right in front of you. Okay. Thunderwave. Constitution saving throw. That's a nine, so that's a failure. At 5th-level? That's an additional 4d8, so that's 6d8 thunder damage. As you turn back out of frustration and blast forth this wave of thunderous energy, you watch as Orthax scatters for a second and falls into this small pile of shadow on the ground that is now shifting for some sort of focus, (hissing) around the ground like a slippery snake. Orthax is essentially at zero hit points. That ends Keyleth's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Okay. You take five points of piercing damage to go over and get it. Gingerly, you can't quite get to your sword. You can hold a spell, too, if you want. What spell are you holding? Okay. All right, that ends your turn. Back up at the top. Grog. Okay. You pick up the axe right there where it was on the ground after she vanished. Okay. End of your turn, she appears. Yes. Otiluke's Resilient Sphere. All right, dexterity saving throw against a DC of? That's true. That would be a 16. The sphere encapsulates her. She is now currently bound within the sphere and she looks about suddenly, going, "What? What the heck is going on?!" She stands there and fires at the wall, and it has no effect. Okay. Well, first, at the end of her turn, the last round of the Blink spell does not go off. Yeah, she didn't blink out, so she's now locked in the sphere and she's starting to look about extremely nervously. The shadow of Orthax comes and finds her and is beneath the orb and can't quite get through. You guys all bring yourself towards the edge? For the sake of brevity, we'll say it comes back to Scanlan's turn, and everyone's holding their action? Kynan actually walks along with you and heads up. Her hands are on the orb, eyes darting around. She's trying to think her way out of this. You see her face flash in a couple of ways, and she looks cunningly at all of you and smiles. All right. Go ahead and roll, Grog. Roll your three attacks. Vex, roll your two attacks. Vax, roll your attacks. Scanlan. Spell attacks is fine. She doesn't have a whole lot of energy left in her engine, and we don't even need to roll damage, because How do you, Vox Machina, want to do this? (grunts) The arm plummets to the ground, the shadow still coalescing where the wound is. The shadow of Orthax shoots up into where the exposed wound is. With that moment, who does what next? As she's clutching this, you reach forward and grab her by the throat, her eyes wide, and slash across. Right now, she has no strength to resist. Keyleth? The vines wrap around and hold her in place. Vex? The scream is cut short as the arrow finds its place in the back of the skull. The other one straight to the chest. Grog, your blade cuts through the midsection as the grasping vine pulls the lower half down. Ripley is entirely torn asunder in a final silent scream. The shadow of Orthax dissipates, sputters, and vanishes. The battlefield grows silent. You all turn and look back over your shoulder and see the still body of Percy against the tree trunks over there. And that's where we'll pick up next episode. It's what they would have done. There are certain people that have magical, divine abilities that have been known to restore life. It's happened before to other members of your party. We can keep going for a bit-- Pike would be an individual to talk to about this. The story will continue next week. Have hope. Have faith. We'll see what transpires. It's fun to be the DM.