Well, first and foremost, guys, I want to thank all of you for being here tonight, for what is already the craziest night of my life in a long time. And we haven't even started, really, which is nuts. I want to give a big thanks to the Dungeons and Dragons team and Wizards of the Coast for gifting us an awesome series of gift bundles that we'll be able to give out to some of you lucky winners here in the audience and some of you lucky folks at home, as well. There'll be information for that throughout the chat as those events arrive. And also, in that same vein, thank you to them for helping me and Chris come together and help make the event of Force Grey Giant Hunters, a new series we've been working on, recently coming out. (cheering) So that's interesting. Yeah, as if I didn't have enough free time already, now I'm putting that together. But yeah, the first book is going to be a Tal'Dorei campaign setting, specifically within Exandria. And if that does well, hopefully we'll be able to extend that to other continents, like Issylra with Othanzia and Vasselheim, maybe Marquet and Wildemount; we shall see. But the first book I'm really excited about. It's a labor of love, and when that does come out next year, I hope you guys get a chance to enjoy that, so yay. (cheering) All right, enough of that. Bringing us into tonight's game of Critical Role. The last time we saw them, the group of adventurers Vox Machina had found themselves in the Feywild, intent on discovering another one of the Vestiges of Divergence, one of the many artifacts that they hope will aid them in their struggle against Thordak, the Cinder King, and the rest of the Chroma Conclave. Defeating two of the members, three still remain, Thordak being the seeming powerhouse head of that troop. So now, deep in the Feywild, a crazy alternate dimension in which fey creatures rule a landscape where up is down and everything is topsy-turvy and nothing is what it seems, they've made their way through the Moonbrush, parlayed with a group of lycanthropes-- werewolves, werebears, weretigers-- and a group of pixies and made a choice, the pixies now scattered and stapled to a number of trees in the forest. The leader of their troop, an extremely large, powerful werewolf lord named Ukurat, has pledged his aid to some degree in the near future, should you need it as you travel duskward past the Gilded Run, eventually to the source of where apparently this bow Fenthras exists in the Shademirk Bog. And now, we pick off where we last left off. The rest of you, after resting in the treetops on the outskirts of the duskward side of the Moonbrush, you've come to consciousness, gathered your things, escaped the forest, and headed northward, just beginning to see the cresting edge of the tangled river mass of the Gilded Run. And beyond that, the dark, ominous shadow the Shademirk Bog. So before you guys press anywhere forward, is there any preparation you want to take on your adventure? You're about to travel forward. What do you want to do? Roll an investigation check. No. Oh! You strongly recall information that inform you that the last bastion of true civilization is long past you, south of where you originally came from. Vax turns to you and goes, "Yeah, I usually feel a bit that way. Quiet." As you guys are preparing for the morning, there's a strange sound like a simmering, high-pitched whine. Two or three times, you see these sudden bright flashes of light in your vicinity. And there's a burst of white light, as out stepping from it, you see the somewhat-corporeal, divine energy-based form of Pike Trickfoot. (cheering) Garmelie, at this point, watching this whole circumstance, walks up to you and goes, "It's good to see you again. I don't know where you went away last time, but I hope "you enjoyed the last sketch I did. If you need any more, let me know. I got plenty of paper." You look down and see the small faun who you previously had commissioned to draw-- "Well, thank you kindly." "Let me know. Your form's closer to mine, so it's easy for me to get a full view." (laughter) Make a perception check! (laughter) First roll of the night. 18, okay. Glancing ahead of you, you see the hint of the peak of an ominous mountain range slowly growing in the distance. At the base of that, you see a treacherous weave of powerful rivers rushing past, and around the exterior of the Shademirk Bog, these large heavy trenches of water jamming and folding into each other. You've heard of the Gilded Run, and you've seen a few stationary rivers in the past, but this is a cluster of perpetually rushing rapids that fill a rather sizeable period of the land surrounding the actual Shademirk Bog. And you can see just past it, the edge of the bog itself, these very dark, glistening, almost black oil-caked tree canopies that vanish into shadow beneath. But that's a couple of miles off. You can see them maybe half a mile in front of you. And you can see the spray occasionally shooting off some of the rocks, and the shore of the river just barely shows the speed of the water passing by. Okay, so you decide to walk the half-mile to make it to the river? It's a series of long rivers that completely wrap around the Shademirk. One side of it seems to be vanishing into the Green Sea, which you could barely see to the far seaward side of you, and it curves around the outside of the Shademirk and vanishes into the horizon. Do you want to get close to it first? You have a jaunty jog on your way towards the Gilded Run. A very short time passes before you begin to actually hear the waters in the distance. And as you begin to approach, about a hundred feet from the edge of the first stripe of river, and you can see some are tighter together, some are only a few feet between the rivers, some merge into even thicker roaring rapids. They're all traveling from the seaward side to the tangleward side. In layman's terms west to east. The rivers change in width. The smallest one you can see is maybe ten feet across. Some of them swell to upwards of 30, 40 feet, depending at which point you come across it. They're all pretty matching in speed, and they're pretty hefty. You can see there are occasional rocks in the edges of water that are just spraying, causing the water to smash into the side and split off around it. There's nothing visible in the water drifting, through. Most of it is destroyed in the process of crashing against the rocks in the sides of the bank. "Fine, I'll go ahead and give it a look, I suppose. Although you can fly any time you want, "if you wish." He seemingly ducks down into the grasses that you guys are standing in and vanishes, barely giving a small path as he disappears. Occasionally, you see him glance up and loudly grumble. "I appreciate the backup, sister." And he keeps continuing forward. As you get to the edge of the water itself, he looks inside. It's pretty clear, the water, as you can see the bottom of it right there. You can see a deep-set blanket of greenish-brown algae-type plant life that cakes the bottom of the river floor, the occasional stone protruding from it and everything is growing and pushed around it. He releases his raven wings from his armor, which shoot out in a large 15-foot wingspan on each side. He jumps in the air, makes his way over the first short river, and lands on the other side. Okay. Glance over. His wings fold behind him and he's like, "Was it so hard, sister? Really?" (sighs) He scoots underneath your broom, as you're hovering on, and one of his wings catches the edge of it, flicks, and then tries to knock you off your broom. Make a quick strength check. Strength, my dear. As the edge of his wings smack the back side of the broom, it spins out from under you, and for a moment, you grasp the edge of the front of the broom, and it slips from your fingers. You flick off, tumble to ground about ten feet. Not too far. You take one point of damage from the impact; nothing huge. But as you roll to the side, your broom scatters across the stones and dips partially into the river, which begins carrying it slowly-- Okay. You grab it and pull it out. As you turn back over, your brother's sitting there with his arms crossed, his wings still folded, smiling. Make an attack roll. This is not with your bow, by the way. This is just adding your proficiency bonus. You're not even proficient. This is an improvised weapon, so you have disadvantage. Go ahead and roll again. You're not proficient, really, in attacking with brooms. 13? With but an instant of reaction time, it passes a good solid foot and a half in front of his face. His wings furl. A couple of feathers dangle down, and he turns around and decides to hop over the next bit of the river. "I know, sister." As he takes off. Any of you guys also doing anything, or are you just watching them scouting ahead? As you scoot up to catch up to your brother, he's probably a good 15 feet ahead of you-- As you hop up after him, you notice his wings go into a dive, and he ends up curving downward at an alarming rate, diving right into the river. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. As soon as you see your brother dive into the water, you begin to coast downward. As you do, there's an impulse in your head that begins pushing and steering the broom lower, lower. And even in the back of your head, you sense this is bad; we're going far too steep. It's like you're outside of your physical body. The control has alleviated itself, and your body forces you to splash into the river, as well, both of you guys submerging yourself in the raging rapids. You guys see this in the distance, with a splash of two impacts on the riverside. There is a ten-foot river for you guys to traverse first, before you get to them. Each of you who are trying to leap across, make an athletics check. I said anyone who wants to try. Grog's got two gnomes on his back. Of course he does; that's perfect. Two gnomes on Grog's back. You grab both of them, do a quick sprint and leap, as heavy as you can. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Much like how Hulk escapes a fray, you watch as Grog bounds into the air in a large arc, slamming into the other side, causing the stones on the outskirts of the riverbed to crack beneath him. You stand back up, proud of yourself. Pike and Scanlan, you're a little jostled from the impact. You smile as you hear a splash behind you. Percival getting right up to the edge and leaping, as his foot catches the stone and goes right into the smaller rapid, being carried, as well. Keyleth? If you take a moment to watch-- The three who've been pulled under the river-- that includes you, Vex'ahlia, Vax'ildan, and Percy-- I need you to make a constitution check. 14. Okay, you manage to pull yourself up to the surface and you almost get to the point of actually getting some air, and a force pulls you back under. However, Percy, you do maintain the breath in your lungs. You and your brother both (coughs) give away a bulk of the air, and you feel yourself in the beginning spasms of drowning. You know what? Yes, you can. In the aspects of this sequence though, it is a difficult job to cast this. Is it a concentration check or not? But is it a concentration spell? That is the difference. From you guys out there, they're maybe 25 feet from you. That's all right. So I need you to roll another constitution check, if you could. Okay, so yes. As the rapids are rushing by, you open your eyes, and the sting of the very high-powered water hitting your eyeballs causes you to have a hard time even seeing what's up and down. As you glance up to where the little bit of light from the ever-dusk sky of the Feywild pulls your attention, you put your hand out, and using that burst of ranger magical energy, you watch as the undergrowth of the river itself stretch out and form this strange, slimy mass of vine that wraps around you and yanks you out of the water surface, slamming onto the ground just outside of the river. (applause) No, Vax is in the next river over. Percy is about maybe 20 feet from you, but is quickly being rushed down the river. Percy. Okay. Just pat it. (shushing) It's okay, Gilded Run. It's okay. All right, perfect. So you see this influx and see Vex get thrown out of the river. You see Percy's hand get pulled back under as the river pulls him along at a very fast speed. You concentrate, and as you put your fingers forward, you see the rapid river begin to slow down at a certain point, and it's almost like an invisible dam gets held up as the waters continue to flow out and carry him a little bit further. It slowly descends to leave him on an empty bank of water as the rest of it slowly seeps to a much lower level. You catch your breath, Percy. However, I need you to make a wisdom check, as this is a very powerful, magically-enforced river, and it's currently combating the strength of your spell. This is Keyleth. She's making a wisdom check. All right, feeling confident in your druidic ways, but unfortunately not yet undergone the formal training of the water Ashari, the actual forceful wave of the river begins to push back your control over that being, and then cascades down, picking Percy, once again, back up an additional 30 feet down the stream. You are at the surface at the moment, though. You are not considered drowning. You're not drowning. Your brother, not doing so hot. Well, before we get to that, the three of you guys now get to act. Fine, you go and take your inspiration die. Okay, taking Bigby's Hand. I need you to make a strength check for Bigby's Hand, if you could. Add a plus eight to it. 25. You watch as Bigby's Hand plunges into the river itself, vanishes for a few moments, and then like a reverse cannonball out of the water, coming curving around and at an incredible speed, looks like it's about to spike Vax onto the water's edge before slowing down and limply dropping him on the edge of the bank front. Which is good, because the pat actually forces the water out of his lungs. (coughing and panting) "No flight." Okay, I'll say it is your turn, because he move quite a bit down the river, but you have a pretty high movement rate as a barbarian, so you tie the chain around yourself at your full movement speed, and you get to the very edge of the bank and begin to wade in just as you pull the jar over your head. And that's going to be the end of your action there. Pike, you're holding him at the edge. I need you to make a strength check, if you could. I believe it's a plus four. 18. Without an issue, you watch as this giant anchor of a man is being held solid by this tiny rock of a gnomish cleric. You watch as her teeth bite down, and her tongue sticks out the edge as she digs her feet into the bottom of the river rock. Percy, you see a dark form in the river as you're rushing past. I need you to make a perception check with disadvantage, as you're being drawn underwater. This is a perception check with disadvantage. 14, okay. Just as you see this strange dark form appear out of the way, you instinctively sweep your hand out, and you smack and catch the edge of Grog's pants. At the hip. And you catch it. Grog, you see the hand emerge, and you catch the edge of it and pull him up out of the river. He's now out. Caught his breath; he's no longer beneath the surface. You guys are still being pulled, now, by the water. Your feet are beginning to fall out from under you as the rocks that are holding you up are being pulled along by the force of the river. It seems the longer you're in the river, the stronger it's getting. I need you to roll another strength check, Pike, as you pull them in. There is a little more weight on there, so the DC's going to be a little higher. Go ahead and roll. If you want to, yeah. She's taking it now, so roll a strength check and add. Even with the fantastic rhymes of Scanlan's voice ringing in your ears, and you're holding tight, you feel your heels begin to scrape as the river rush is pulling you now towards the river. Grog and Percy, you feel yourselves being brought deeper into the center of the river. Yeah, you do. So coming back to Keyleth, at this point. Keyleth, I'd like you to make another wisdom check, if you could. Just a check. 16. That's better. As you guys are being swept away, you feel the current begin to subside slowly, and Pike, once again, you get your ankles dug in. You begin to pull on this, and between the two of you and the concentration of Keyleth, you manage to wrestle Grog and Percy's forms out of the river onto the bank. Now you guys are between the two. (cheering) Yes. There are a couple of small trees that are planted or grown up between the river banks, and you can still hear the rapids rushing past. Looking ahead of you, there's probably 12. The experience, when you were trying to cross over, was reminiscent of that urge to jump whenever you're near the edge. That weird, very base impulse whenever you get to a point of danger that says, do it! It's like that being triggered and preyed upon. It would take you guys about 20 feet across. It looks like some of them swell between each other and then split off again. Some are solitary, from your current position that you can see, but you only have what's immediately near you to really see. Since some of these are hills, and it carves into part of these hills, you don't have a complete view of how they intertwine and merge beyond the immediate hillsides. He's back on the other side. "Some help, please?" "I told you I've heard about this land. I haven't actually been here." "It's dangerous, and it keeps the Shademirk from spreading!" "No!" I'd say it's getting towards the end. Make a strength check. Being a small and relatively light-weight fey creature, but also smug in a standing position after proclaiming his negative approach to Grog's idea, he doesn't quite notice the spiraling purple hand that swings up from behind, grasping him and lifting him into the air with an incredible speed. All you hear is the distant (squeal) as the hand full-on fastball special chucks him. Arcing overhead. (distant scream, impact) A little plume of dust. He made it past five of them. (applause) Which gets more and more awkward the longer it goes by, until eventually you see a shift and this small form rise up, raises a thumb... which quickly transitions into a middle finger. (cheering) Make a wisdom check, if you could. No! They just haven't been charged properly. (cackles) So as you guys begin to prepare your attempt to cross the river, Keyleth concentrates. The river stalls for a moment, and then pushes past, seemingly unaffected. Mind you, the spell does seem to have an effect when you're having a better time concentrating, but it is a magical force versus a magical force, and you can see it actually angrily swells against the resistance. That's where the actual tension comes from. There is something living, like an entity that these rivers seem to almost mingle as. There are a few sporadic trees scattered around, yes. They're not that tall. Some are maybe 15, 20 feet up. These trees specifically are a little more marsh-based. They're not quite swamp-based trees, but that's as tall as they get. No, these are maybe five feet wide. Oh, the rivers. Sorry. The trees are five feet wide. I misunderstood. Yes, the actual rivers are between ten to 20 feet. Probably close to 150 feet? You go up to one of the nearby trees at the edge, and you can see across the way, it looks like there's part of a crumpled stone corner, some long dilapidated ruin. You can see what looks to be one dried tree log that has fallen over and rotting on the other side. But there is one tree right on the edge of the bank that you guys are on that leads across this next river that is pretty solid looking. Maybe four feet in thickness there and 25 feet. You're tying the rope to an arrow. Okay. You have, at this point, a good seven minutes left. Okay. As you guys grasp hands, both of them vanish in a swirl of purplish-pink smoke. You see, simultaneously, across all the banks, right at the edge of the Shademirk, this little burst of energy. You guys land on the ground immediately, your feet sinking about three inches into this black sludge-like tar material. Already, you can smell the outskirts of the Shademirk. It's a very sulfurous decay smell that permeates the ground by you, and you can see it seeping into the river like a slow-moving morass of syrup, and the water carries it away upstream, like an angry force of cleaning. It's a little sludgy where you stand, but you guys are across. 17. What did you roll? Okay, just making sure. Because ones are always fun for situations like this. All right. You fire the arrow. It goes a little wide while you're aiming in the proximity of Scanlan and arc off and staples to one of the outside trees, sticking in it. The rope goes lax and begins to be carried in the water, and you can see the tension as the river itself seems to be trying to pull the rope underneath the rapids. Okay, you begin pulling it up, and it's hard to pull up. The actual river is almost pulling the rope under itself. All right. I need both of you guys to make strength checks together. What's the range on Control Water? Yeah you can do that. I'm assuming it's a low roll. All right, so what did you guys roll for your strength checks? As there has been no druidic aid, unfortunately, in this particular moment. As the two of you rush over the 30 feet to the tree that the rope is stapled to right now, it's taut and you can see it's starting to break the arrow as the strength of the rope being pulled into the river. Between the two of you guys, you manage to slowly pull it out of most of the rapids. It's still being dragged by one. It takes you another minute or so, but you manage to get the rope entirely taut against the edge of the arrow. Pike, you catch the actual rope on the other side before the arrow snaps and carries it back by the strength of their pull. So you take it and you make a little knot. Tie it strong from your experience as a sailor to the Immovable Rod, and it is solid and in place. He looks to you and his wings (whoosh). He lets them dissipate, as they're not going to be much of a help in this moment. "If I'm going to be tied to the rope, "I want to be tied close to you, at least." He shimmies over. You're all tying yourselves like a daisy chain? All right. Once you've all affixed it, what is the order in which you guys are affixed? I'm just curious! He's in between the two of you guys right now. He's waiting. "Good!" He looks over his shoulder at Scanlan and goes, "Good." All right, you guys all begin to pull yourselves forward on the rope, taking your time to make sure that if anything bad happens, you take a moment to pause and help out your friends. I need everyone who's on the edge of that rope to make a general athletics check. Everybody who's currently tied onto the rope, so not the gnomes. Yes. I'm going to say no. So that's 20. What did you get? 22, okay. You guys begin to pull yourselves forward. The two half-elf twins, in their physical waif-like state, begin to find themselves being carried hard down the first, second, and third progressive rivers as you guys pull through, but you manage to make up the slack and get them back on the land each time. It slowed down your progress. You only have three more minutes on your spell. All right. You manage to make it across the next six or so rivers. You get to where Garmelie is, who's sitting there tapping his little hoof impatiently. He looks up at the rope, which is basically head level. "Give me some slack!" "Thanks." He wraps it around his midsection, ties it up, and it's uncomfortably tight because as soon as you start moving it pulls on his midsection. When it's pulled taut, because of his size, he's actually lifted up between you guys, so his feet dangle, and he's top-heavy in how it tied, so he rotates. His feet are in the air. (cheering) Harnessing the inspiration of frustration at your recent failures to control the elements that you've been so hoping to learn to bring to your beck and call, you look forward at what would be the third-to-last river in your progress forward, and angrily do this with your hands. You guys watch as the river, like a paper, is torn asunder, the water held at bay. You guys run down the bank, stepping over. As you start to reach the other side of the bank, Grog, your heavy foot hits something that seems to react to the impact of your weight. You guys make your way up the edge of the river. As you glance over the side, you see something in the mud vanish beneath. As you guys all get across, the water slams back, continuing to flow with the river. Angrily, it roars and seems to almost swell up over the bank where it once was before it slowly descends back to its natural rushing rapids. There are two more rivers now ahead of you. There's one right before you, and then the one that separates you from Scanlan and Pike. There were roughly 12 ahead of you when you asked. You guys have now traversed nine of them, ten of them, so there's only two left at this point. Keyleth. The actual near-growl of the rapids begins to slowly subside in the river before you as the water sinks down into a slower, more gentle pace. You can see it building up and backing up behind you as the river here comes to a soft, cool dip that you guys can begin to walk through as well. Yeah, make a perception check. Grog, being in the front of the troupe, as the river is slowly separated for this, you step down into the mud, and you don't notice a similar shift curl up behind you as suddenly a rapid (whoosh). A set of gargantuan, long tooth-filled jaws come pouring out of the mud underneath the bank, snapping towards your large half-giant form. (evil chuckle) It has begun. That is a 22 to hit. I believe that hits your armor class. All righty. Getting ready for the first real attack damage of tonight's episode. You suffer 27 points of piercing damage. (groaning, laughter) Most of you go flying in an arc at the sheer force of this impact. I need you guys to make acrobatics checks to try to stop yourselves. Acrobatics. All right, and your brother does well. Of course he does. You guys all manage to catch yourselves right now, still attached by the rope as you now see this heaping 15- to 20-foot-long giant barrel of muscle, green scaled skin, but what looks to be hundreds of tiny roots that spread from the center of its midsection, reaching into the ground. As it begins to move forward, it's actually rooting and uprooting itself as it moves. You can see the moisture and the life force of the land is pulsing into its form as it holds Grog in its jaws. I need you all to roll initiative. (cheering) You guys are way over here on the edge. Please remind me the marching order again. If I recall, it was Grog... Grog, Percy. Thank you. Garmelie was between the two of you guys, yeah. Perfect. You get to see a little behind the field there. There he is. There's Garmelie. Great. So top of the round, we have initiative of 25 to 20? All right, so Keyleth, a 20. 20 to 15, anyone? All right. 15 to ten? Scanlan and Pike, what did you guys get? The gnomes bringing up the rear. All right, so Keyleth, you're up first. You watch as this giant mass of a creature is now clutching Grog in its jaws, and you see its tail begin to whip up, and it's now guarding itself on all sides as the roots are dragging themselves into the earth around you. Elements of it. As you get a closer look now, you can see parts of its scaly hide emerge into leaf-like protrusions. It is a strange mixture of both giant croc and some sort of a plant-based entity. All right. This is a perfect Keyleth moment. So Speak With Plants generally works with plants. He does. However, in the purposes of this type of circumstance, it's usually meant for smaller plants that have no sentience that you can normally interact with, like roses and petunias. You can probably communicate with it, yes. I'm saying, issuing commands on this might be a little more difficult for the rest of the spells. This is not a spell that can be cast at a higher level, unfortunately. So what do you want to do? You're casting Speak With Plants. Make an intimidation check. (cheering) As you shout this out, pointing at the large crocodile-like entity, you look deep into its beady black and purple eye that darts around in the sunken socket of its crocodile skull, and you can see it re-initiate its clutch on Grog, readjusting, pulling him even further into the jaw. Grog, you suffer another nine points of piercing damage. Another nine points of piercing damage. Sorry, Keyleth. Are you going to stay where you are? Sure. You get that far before the rope on your midsection stops you. Grog, your turn. He has you in his jaws by the midsection, and he's trying to turn you so you lose your footing, and you're getting pretty close right now. So he has you clamped right around your hip and chest right now. The nostril's right here, and the other half of the jaw is almost completely wrapped around the side. Yes, you may. All right, so you use your bonus action to go into the rage, and you have two attacks, so go for it. That'll hit. That also does hit, yes. Roll damage for both of those strikes. All right, 24 points of damage. 20 points. Fantastic. So you're slamming it as hard as you can with the axe in the side. You're jamming it into the side. You can see part of its jaw split open from the impact, and you can see a gleaming of white, slick bone beneath that begins to expose from where you slammed the sharp end of the axe into it twice in a row. It's (snarling) shaking you in its grasp once more. Does that end your turn, Grog? All right. Next is the croc's turn. At the beginning of its turn, you watch as the wound you just left begins to slowly seal shut. You watch the roots protruding from its body begin to suck the water, moisture, and life force from the land around it, and it begins to heal itself slowly. So some of that damage goes away. It begins to heal itself, healing from the ground it's rooted into. Grog. 24. I believe that hits? You guys watch as the crocodile backs this way slightly, which allows Vax and Garmelie to get an attack of opportunity. Vax does hit. Well, no, it could be sneak attack, although Grog technically right now is not threatening it. I'll let it. Sure. The timing is pretty close on this, and you'll hear why in a second. 31 points of damage from Vax. Garmelie misses. He is awesome. So as it pulls away, you guys watch as the crocodile spins around in the direction of you guys, grabs and tugs Grog, throwing him up into the air. In doing so, all of you guys get pulled this way, and Keyleth dragged behind at that point. The jaws open, and Grog vanishes down the creature's gullet. You all got dragged right to the edge of its mouth, so right now, Percy, you have the rope right at the edge of its giant snapping jaws. This creature's pretty profound at swallowing larger entities, so that's fine. (laughter) Yeah. Things go to darkness. You now have a general idea of what Scanlan and Vax went through, oh but a few days ago. Cool. Yeah, you are completely locked inside of it right there. It also spins around as it does so, and its tail (whiplash) whips out, and you see at the very tip of its tail what looks to be some sort of strange, jagged stinger. This is going to whip around in the direction of you, Vex. That is going to be only a 14. Yeah. You duck under it as it scrapes across the ground, causing this huge section of the dirt to grind past, leaving a small trough behind. That's going to end its turn. It is now your turn, Vex. Trinket appears at the side of it suddenly, spawning out of this strange burst of shadow energy from the center of your necklace. (roars) Trinket happily does so. He has advantage on both of these strikes. Go for it. You would have to pull a dagger out, and that would be a bonus action. So you can do that now, but you wouldn't be able to cut it until next turn. Okay. Hits. Yes. We'll say the first one will be the bite, and then the claw. Both hit. Roll damage for each. Eight? Eight damage, all right. Total of 20 points of damage as Trinket tears into the side of this giant gator-like creature. As you pull your dagger out, you're like, Hunter's-- damn it. But yeah, at the beginning of your next turn, trying to hack away at that rope; that's fine. That ends your turn, Vex, unless you want to try and move. Currently, yes. And you don't have your broom at the ready. Perfect. Well done. Percy, you're up. Hey, Percy. You are in melee with the creature. You have disadvantage on your ranged attack. Roll again. (groaning) Don't even try it. Okay, that does hit. I would say given the fact that you said specifically that you were too nervous to do Sharpshooter, you're also too nervous to remember your Hex, but you can finish your turn with that, if you'd like. No, that's true. You can do it. I'll let you. All right. Marking that down. What's the save DC on that? That is a 12, so yes, it is currently blinded. There we go. And you are Hexing it, you said? Okay, good to know. Correct. The mouth is currently slightly open. Maybe. You can certainly try. What did you roll as the jam? You rolled a natural one? Okay. Roll damage, anyway. Yeah. Without the Hex damage bonus. Grog, you take ten points of piercing damage. But it does jam. So as you go to fire, it splinters off, and there's a burst of smoke and the heat hurts your finger, and you hear this dull (impact) on the inside and a (grunt). It's halved, yes. This is to try and clear it, though. You still have to clear. Okay, yeah, so you manage to get it cleared and get it back and ready to go. Using it as an attack is a reload. Make a strength check. If you want to use an action on your next turn to assist with this, then yes, that'll be your action. Eight. As you say, "everyone push away!" Your feet feebly glide against the muddy surface of the riverbank as the jaws open slightly and you hear the low, guttural (growling). The breath comes pouring out into you in this strange combination of muddy swamp low tide and compost. It's delightful. But you're all mostly taut on the rope now. So you can. That's what you tried to do, and it failed miserably. That's your turn, Percy. Vax is up now. Vax tries to push inward. Actually, no. He's going to stay where he is out of range. He's going to try and throw his daggers from where he is. He is not going to use his haste boots, though; he's going to save that for later. That's two attacks; both hit. So with the first strike and with the offhand throw. The first one with sneak attack, because it is currently next to Percy. You are threatening it at the moment. 28 points of damage, and the second strike for a total of nine. So after Vax throws both daggers, both sink into the sides of the giant crocodile. It moves ever so slightly with the first impact, the second one seemingly to no effect. Both daggers appear in a puff of smoke to the side of his belt and he looks to you and goes, "Sister, what are we going to do?" He can't really move at that point. It is now Garmelie's turn. Garmelie, who can't turn invisible, who can't use his normal tactics, is just, "Um!" He pulls up a small pan flute from his side and (whistling). There's an awkward pause, and he goes, "Shit!" He then tries to scoot away as far as he can, but is once again caught between the very taut sides of the rope, unable to shift. That brings us to Pike. You guys are over here, so I'd say, from what you can gauge here, you're approximately 40 feet from it. You go right up to the edge of the water, toes dipping in. Of course you are. So that is 8d6 damage if you hit. Go ahead and roll your radiant attack against it. Spell attack bonus. Roll a d20. Roll a d20, add your spell attack bonus, yeah. 15 just hits. So 8d6 points of radiant damage, and it is currently marked for an advantage on the next attack against it, as a giant bright light now bursts across the front of its head, causing its eyes to retract and close in pain. (snarling) 24. Not too shabby. 24 points of radiant damage, and the glowing divine beacon now flashing in the center of its face, causing it to close its eyes. The next person that wants to make an attack is going to have a nice little bonus. Is that the end of your turn? You're going to stay right there at the edge of the river? Okay, that's the end of your turn, Pike. Scanlan, you're up. They're within 60 feet. That's a lot of missiles. After the flash of the Guiding Bolt, the rest of the party, you look across the way as you see Scanlan, after singing this delightful song, turn around Rambo-style and release this burst of arcane energy. These arcane darts come firing straight towards the croc, and in a moment of excitement, expecting each of these impacts to blast into the side of this creature, they suddenly soar up into the sky and arc down towards each of you. Before you have a moment to really react, the word leaving your voice, "What?" They streak back down, slamming into each side of the rope, causing it to burst into frayed, burnt rope chunks and pieces of twine, all hanging loosely to your sides. All of you guys are now free to move about as you wish. Well done. Top of the round again. Keyleth, you're up. Anybody. Whoever has the next attack roll against it has advantage. Well, it makes the saving throw with disadvantage and the spell deals maximum damage to it. So what's the spell DC of this? 19. You can come look at it if you want to. I understand. (chuckles) 15. This is going to suck. So that is 64 points of necrotic damage. As you clench your hand like this, you guys watch as the roots that connect to its body suddenly begin to wither and dry out. You watch as the outside bark then cracks and turn to ash and dust at its side, and its once verdant green hide begins to curl into this dull gray, lifeless husk. The creature's eyes spring open, and its low, guttural growl turns to this horrible shrieking pain sound. From the inside, Grog, you feel everything tense around you as its form all of a sudden is being drained of the life essence and water that keeps it going. It manages to recover, and the life pumps back into parts of it, but that sucked. That is not a happy creature. (applause) All right, so you move past to this side. Sure, closer's great. Grog, you're up. You're currently still constrained inside its body. The tautness of the rope around your waist has gone slack, so in a moment, you realize either your friends are dead, or they managed to break the rope. You would think that, if you weren't so full of anger and rage at being shot and squeezed and devoured by a giant crocodile. What are you doing? We'll say you can take your action to reach into your Bag of Holding and pull it out, yes. Well, he had it out earlier. Have you had it on your head this whole time? If that was the case, the sheer force of the creature biting you initially and throwing you onto the bank would've tossed that jug quite a ways away from you. That's what I thought. So do you want to spend your action to rummage through the Bag of Holding and pull out the jar? That would be your action, yes. You can use your bonus action to attack because you're in a frenzied rage. You have disadvantage on your attacks. You can still attack him from the inside. You can certainly try. Is that what you want to do? As your mind is suddenly clouded with the thought of, "Jug! I need to get the jug... No." You feel your body, your physical form begin to ripple and swell. You guys watch as the crocodile, now currently recovering from the blight-like withering of its form, suddenly its eyes go wide once more as its gullet begins to swell wider and wider. You hear this low (retching), like a cat coughing up a hairball slowed down, as you watch an enlarged Grog get immediately vomited up and out of the creature to its side. Yes, you do have benefits to that. So yes. You manage to do that, sir. Okay. As you rush away, he gets an attack of opportunity on you. It does have disadvantage because you shot it last turn. Which is good, because the second roll was a natural 20. That's a total of 20 to hit. What's your armor class? Okay, so it just hits you with the bite. You do have a reaction, so yes, you may. Yeah, it's not inspiring somebody. It is intended to distract the opponent. And this crocodile, probably having a rather rough time in the early 2000s, manages to provide even more bile from its stomach at the sound of a rehashed Hanson song. Go ahead and make your roll. You roll your inspiration die. No, it's a d10. You were intent on that happening. As it reaches out to try and bite towards Grog, it hears the sound and its head quirks, vomits a little. Grog, you manage to get away, at that point, we'll say about that far. As you turn around, the daisy chain has not followed you. Glancing down, the rope that was once around your waist has snapped by the growth in size, and all the rest of the ropes have also been snapped. Sorry. Perfect. That ends your turn. It is now the croc's turn. It's going to make a bite attack right now. This is going to be at Percy, since you're right there in front of him. With disadvantage, that is a 23. That hits you. All right, as the head turns back towards you, it opens to the side and tries to clamp on you. That is a 34. 34 points of piercing damage, and you are currently grappled and restrained. The crocodile has now snapped, its jaws moving to Percy, and Percy, you're currently held tight in its jaws. It's trying to lift you up now, possibly to fill its now terribly empty stomach. It lost more than it originally started this battle with. As it swings around its tail, in doing so, its stinger sweeps overhead. It has a reach of ten at this point. We'll say in that arc there. This is going to be towards Vex. Towards you Vex, with disadvantage. Still, that's a 21. What's your armor class? 20, okay, so it still hits you. All right, so the stinger (whipcrack) grinds itself into your flesh, tears through the armor separation there, and you can feel pulsing. I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. Well, you take 16 points of piercing damage from the actual stinger itself striking you. You now feel that pulse of venom through your body, and as it begins to swell through you, you feel all the colors and all the images of the landscape around you begin to shift and bubble and move. You are tripping balls right now. You look to your left and see Garmelie next to you, whose frightened expression becomes suddenly this giant feral wolverine that hisses at you! You look to your right, and you see the giant crocodile holding Percy suddenly merge into one strange, giant Medusa creature. You don't know which way is up and down, and you are extremely frightened and confused. Well, that ends the crocodile's turn, and it is now your turn. Currently, you cannot take reactions, and I need you to roll a d8 to see what you do. (chuckles) You're so stunned by this moment, and your brain being completely turned around. What did you roll? Roll of five. Okay. You take no action, and you use all of your movement to move in a random direction. You go into the river. You turn around and begin to flee. Looking ahead of you, you see what seems to be a moving sea of grass, and all of a sudden you feel your feet (splashing). The river begins to pull you away at the end of your turn. Make another constitution saving throw. As soon as your vision comes back to you and a breath of relief hits your form as suddenly you have control of your form. As it begins to be sucked under the water. End of your turn. Percy, you're up. You're restrained. You can attack. You can't move, and all your attacks have disadvantage. I don't think you count as an item, I'm sorry. I don't think that's how it works. It's not like you hit a couple fingers and they drop a cup. This is a massive muscle currently clamped on you, trying to swallow you. I know. Sorry. Okay, so we'll say you use your bonus action to draw your weapon. It's right there by your side. You pull it out. Go ahead and make your attacks against the crocodile. 15 just barely hits. Actually, technically it would have been the first attack since Pike's Guiding Bolt. Thank you for the reminder of that. So it would've been a normal attack. Yours didn't have a spell attack, it just instantly hit and made a save. So technically, what was your first roll? Yeah, you hit. The Guiding Bolt wears off. However, that did manage to get rid of the disadvantage on that one strike. Seeing the bright side of its face, you take your blade out and hack downward for the first hit, which does strike true across the side of its face. You can make your next two attacks. On his next saving throw, but he's not making a saving throw. And if I'm going to be a stickler here, Sam. The next time he has a saving throw, I'll keep the disadvantage in mind. Yeah, all three strikes hit. Go ahead and roll damage on all those. Slamming into the side of its face, you begin splitting open a section of the side of its head. You can see its cracked, withered form from the Blight spell earlier has become a little more brittle, and each impact is cutting deeper than any of the previous hits has. We're going to take a quick break here. Five, ten-minute break to use the restroom, and return to the apex of this battle. [break] So on Vax's turn... Vax is going to go ahead and dart around this way, behind Garmelie, getting to where Trinket is flanking along the river bend there. As he does pull out of the range of the tail, the croc can go ahead and make an attack of opportunity with the stinger out towards him behind. That is not going to hit, that is a natural four. That's going to be like a 16, so yeah. As it swings with its tail wide to Vax, Vax ducks beneath it, arms up to the side, leaps in the air and catches himself right on the edge of the bank. He looks over and notices you, running off to the side. Immediately decides to put his daggers back away, and then uses a dash action to dart over to the edge of the river where you are, and is going to reach out and try and grab your arms. You guys are reaching for each other right now. That is how it's going to go for this moment. That brings us to Garmelie, who now, free of the rope circumstance and the chaos around, looks and sees you out in the river, scoots around, goes out with, grabs your brother's arm and then reaches out towards your arm and chains his way towards you, putting his hand towards you. "Grab!" So you guys grab and link arms. At that point he's going to go ahead and make a strength check to pull you out of the roaring rapids. Okay. He manages to hold in the moment, but doesn't actually get any ground on pulling you out of the river, so now it's just him and Vax holding you at the edge. The river's pulling you harder and harder, and you can feel the actual swell getting stronger, but they're still managing to keep you in place. That ends his turn. Pike, you're up. He's looking hurt. You've noticed each time it's had a moment to itself, its roots have dug in and it's pulled back into its form, yeah. It has been still regenerating every round, yes. What are you doing on him? Sure. All righty. Where do you want that Flame Strike to land? Wherever you see it, onto the middle of its body. As you look over in the distance, unable to really see beyond the form of the creature, you bring the Flame Strike down onto its form. It's going to make a saving throw with disadvantage because of your Cutting Words, which is good because it rolled a 17 for the first one. And it rolled a 15 for the second one. No dex bonus for it because it's not very fast. Your DC is? 18, yes. 8d6 radiant damage. Go ahead and roll that. That's a ten-foot radius. I'll say for the sake of knowledge in the area, too, and seeing Trinket attack, you manage to pull it out of the range of the bear, not wanting to ignite him. Scanlan, you're up next. How much fire and divine damage? 28 points of damage. As you guys see this gathering of small reddish and white divine particles circle in the air, faster and faster, and then (boom) a column of divine flame strikes from the heavens, blasting into the side of this creature. It rears back (roars) in pain as you see now its slightly withered, blight-impacted grayish-green back is now burnt to a black crisp, and smoke begins to rise off of its form. It's very pissed off. Is that the end of your turn, Pike? Are you going to stay where you are? What's the range on it? 60 feet? Yeah, you can get to him from there. So you're casting Healing Word at second level? Go for it. Roll the dice. All right. Scanlan, you're up. Real fast, Pike. That was 2d4 plus five? No, just add plus five. All right. Scanlan, what are you doing? It would be classified as a huge creature. All righty, so let's take its wisdom saving throw against your DC. That is a six with no modifier. It is certainly sickened, though its disadvantage has worn off, of course. Take your inspiration die, Grog. All right, staying where you are, Scanlan? Keyleth, you're up. You are. All righty. Saving throw against the DC with disadvantage. A six and an eight. (laughter and applause) You hear the phantom chanting in the back of your head. How do you want to do this? Percy is still in its mouth, yes. As you slam your staff into the ground with a giant ripple, all of a sudden you watch as the various plant growth in the ground begins to turn to a dark black gray at the base of the staff. It curls across the ground, like the actual line of blighted death and decay seems to spear out across. It manages to catch the bottom and sink up the roots of the creature. As it begins to swell up into its body, you see it taking form. How do you want the Blight spell to take hold in its body? All right, so as the Blight spell spirals across his body like a spider web, crackling, it begins to (snarl). It rears up with its arms out in front of it taut, the muscles locking up like this giant arching statue, its jaws up in the air holding Percy aloft. (laughter) On that note, too, I need you to make a strength check. Right, just a check. (chuckles) You and Vax and Garmelie still hold your ground, but unfortunately, not a whole lot of physical strength in this daisy chain right now. You can, yes. And Trinket rushes over. (moans) Comes up behind Vax and bites the back of his cloak and begins tugging on him as he's now being slightly strangled by the bear. Pulled back toward Trinket, adding his strength to that. What's Trinket's strength bonus? With a roll of a 17, that brings it to a 21. Whereas you began to pull them in towards the river, Trinket makes up the back end of it and manages to drag all of you out of the wake, onto the side. As you get up and cough out the water, Trinket comes up to you and nuzzles you on the side of your face. (moans) "What was I supposed to do, watch you drown? No! We're almost to the end of our agreement." Trinket rushes up and looks up at you underneath with open jaws. As Grog, large Grog, comes lumbering up. (heavy footsteps, whack) With one clean hit, the bloodaxe carves straight through its body, causing the upper part of the torso to slam into the ground with a big speed. Upon the impact, it rolls a few feet, taking Percy in its jaws. You do suffer two points of damage from it, but eventually you hit a point in the bank where the jaw cracks into a hundred pieces, and you tumble onto the ground and catch your breath, after being restrained for so long. As you extend your fingers about you, you see small strands of green go (popping) and you hear a hundred soft voices go, "Eh." Okay. The very tiny, pressed stomach interior of this creature, petrified as it is, it's like staring into one of those weird high school science room half-man organ presentation statues. You can see where the folds of the stomach lining are. There appear to be some remnants of bone, some entities that were partially digested, but nothing that catches your eye to be something worth pulling out of it. And with that, (shatter) the pieces of it go scattered all across the ground. Elements of it tumble into the water and get washed away. It is no more. Many small, petrified crocodile pieces. One more, technically. You guys have all made your way across. There's one last one that leads to the outskirts of the Shademirk. Go ahead and make a perception check. Make a strength check. Which you have disadvantage on. Hold on, because you took a point of exhaustion from frenzied raging during the battle. However, you do get advantage on strength checks while raging, so it's a singular roll, so the natural 20 stands. So as you pick Pike up, she smacks you in the face. The grin crawls across, and you (whoosh) lob her. She lands in the top of a tree. You see (cracking) in the bushes as a few leaves dangle down. You can see some gloppy black stuff out of the side, and you hear this muffled voice in the distance as Pike landed okay. Vax says, "I'd rather run." And he goes running forward and attempts to make a leap across the river. He leaps, makes it most of the way, catches his ankle on the edge, and begins to flutter backward. Yeah. However, he does manage to right himself. He only got partially into the river and managed to pull his way out, so he's fine. Grog, who are you throwing next? Go for it. Strength check. (grunts) You lob him. It's enough to get you across, but the landing is not very graceful. 21. You manage to use the actual momentum to go into a shoulder roll, stumble forward, and you come to a standing point. However, when you do, you realize you rolled through a bunch of slick, tar-like muck, and the side of your jacket is now seeping with it. There you go. You feel balanced. Make a strength check. You see Trinket come up. Trinket goes into your necklace. I would say the lighter half of the twins, but I think they're an equal weight class. You grab her by the side and (whoosh, grunt) launch her into the air. You catch your stomach contents. Make an acrobatics check. You actually catch yourself on the side of the tree, landing, and then leap off of it with the last bit of momentum, stepping gingerly on the tips of your feet. You hear muffled clapping in the tree boughs ahead of you. She's about 15 feet up. (grunts) With a big long toss, you make it most of the way over the water and begin to descend very close on the opposite side of the bank. Make an acrobatics check. The good news is, you miss the river. The bad news is, you Warner Brothers cartoon faceplant into the actual ground on the opposite side. (laughter) Tonight's episode of Critical Role, not brought to you by IHOP. And probably never will be. Garmelie's on the side. He goes, "Don't worry. You first." "Once he's across, our accord is complete." "No!" Roll an attack. Well, technically, this is a grapple, so it's an athletics check. You reach out and his eyes go wide and he darts around, and your fingers barely catch the edge of his fur, and you get enough of a hold to lift him off the ground. He's now dangling from your giant half-giant ass hand. "No! I don't have to go there! "I'm just going back the other way when we're done!" Make an athletics check. Your large, bounding form (heavy footsteps, impact, scream). As you make it across, you hit the other side. The actual bank shifts, and you guys feel the impact on the other side beneath your feet, and there's a small crater in the ground where you landed, and the river bank slowly fills it in as it lowers it just below river water level. Garmelie is now clutching your arm, his hands and legs wrapped around your forearm. (laughter) He looks past you, and you all turn and look into the Shademirk. At this point, you can see the bog itself is an endless dumping form of sludge into the Gilded Run. The water itself is barely tearing it away, what you guys noticed before. The black oily material is itself thick, ichor-like tar. The smell that you're very familiar with, that horrible, acrid, sulfurous scent is very thick in the area, mixed with a terrible rotting leaf and decay. You see bubbles going (bubbling) and churning up in certain parts of it, and there are elements where you see knotted and gnarled roots that tangle up above the surface. It is the most uninviting place in nature you've ever seen and experienced, and you can see in the distance the swamp trees with high root sections overhead so you can walk underneath are scattered throughout ahead of you. Garmelie slowly turns his head back to you and goes, "No, I'm all right. But I appreciate that. "Be careful. Don't stay in one place too long. The longer you stand still, the harder it gets "to escape the place you stood. And there's a lot of things that tend to live here, from what I've "heard, that wait for stillness as a means of attack. So keep moving." "I don't know. It's time for me to go. Thank you guys so much. I appreciate this. "It's been something." A little kiss on the head, and he goes, "Well, at least it's been a pleasure travelling "with you, my lady." He takes your hand and does a little bow and (kiss) on the edge. Make an investigation check. 23? As you feel down, you feel this slight little bump inside of his fur, and you're afraid to touch it for fear of it being-- on the outside of his body! Not that you understand the physicality of the satyr, but still. It's hard and smooth. And appears to wiggle loosely when you touch it. Do you reach for it? All right. Grasping onto it, you tug, and pull forth the small onyx mastiff that you had found earlier in the campground. He goes, "Oh, that's right. I was holding this for you." "Fantastic. Well, wish you all the best of luck. Stay alive." "I have my ways." And he turns invisible. You see little sludgy footprints go off down the shore and around the bend. What do you want to do? You cannot currently see him now. He's already vanished. It happens. All right, so what are you guys going to do? This would be the tangleward tip of it, the southern tip of the bog, yes. Okay. You step onto it, and your foot descends about three inches before it comes to a stop. (squelch) But as you go to remove your foot, (sucking sound). It's very sticky. Effectively, you guys are at half movement moving through the bog. Yeah, it is a very thickly wooded swamp now. The ground floor and the base of most of the trees, and occasionally dripping from the top of the canopy itself is that black, sludge-like material. It's seemingly seeping from everything. Read out Land's Stride to me. Technically, yes, you can move at your normal pace. The rest of the party still has to stay slowed. You can try. It's up to you. Okay. As you guys get up onto the broom, you release it from your grasp, and it goes (splat) onto the ground. Both of you guys sink about three or four inches into the ground. It lifts up and pulls you guys slowly out of the sludge, (squelch) finally freeing yourself, and you're now hovering a very short distance above the ground. Make a perception check. Right now, technically it's swamp, yeah. Not considered forest. As you guys take a moment to look out in the distance, you're unable to really make any idea of a form or movement. Keyleth, you do see on the tree on the other bank, it looks a little thicker towards the top than you expect, and as you take a moment to glance, you can see a rather large creature drop down from the canopy onto the ground, and then slink behind it. He's following you. He shrinks sideways against the tree and is now barely visible, other than his furry chest that's now peeking out one side of the width of the tree. No reaction. Vax at this point is like, "So are we going to move on, then?" "Let's do it." Make a stealth check, guys. 32? Percy. Keyleth. All right, Vex. 32! Pike. And over here we have 12-foot-tall Grog. What did you roll? You guys begin trudging forward into the Shademirk. Everyone's being kind of... and he's lumbering through it like a mammoth. You all shush him, and you find ways to cushion his footfalls. As unstealthy as you may be in the moment, the rest of the party helps try to keep you going forward the best they can, being unheard. You guys continue forward for about 30 minutes, not really understanding the direction. You know that heavy mountain that you saw on the way in is central and to the right of your direction, and you're not entirely certain where the tree is here in the Shademirk, but you're keeping your eyes peeled, and you continue to move forward further and further in. It is difficult. It is hot. It is muggy. There are heavy insects, large winged bugs (buzzing) through the air, and you knock them away. The bubbling of the ground itself is releasing sulfurous gas and various other chemicals into the air that are probably not healthy to breathe extensively. Many of you are having to cover your mouth to keep from coughing to break up your stealth capabilities. Put your mask on, okay. Make a perception check. Yes? At this point, it has now died down, and your form has shifted to its normal form. No. As you guys move forward and Vex is keeping watch, Vex, you see ahead of you about 80 yards, a large, stocky tree in the distance that has a gentle glow emanating from the trunk. It's hard to say at this distance. You would have to get closer to get a better look. About 80 yards. A series of trees and a few low areas of open sludge. It looks thicker than a lot of the other trees that you've seen in the area, and there's a dull glow at the base of it. Trinket emerges (impact) in the sludge. (moans) (grunts) And Trinket manages to stalk forward. Make a stealth check for Trinket, without the plus ten, because Trinket was not around when you cast the spell. His dexterity modifier. Nope. He's not very stealthy, that bear. Oh, it was a six. I thought you were joking. All right. Trinket (squishy footsteps). You can hear the impact coming as each footfall hits the sludge. As you get closer towards it, keeping at bay, as best out of sight as possible. You see the tree, while it is thicker, it is not as high as the other trees. In fact, where there would be a top of a tree, it looks to be instead a tangled mass of branches that have been matted over and tied down to the top of where this tree ends. Trinket stops. You get a glance and the small glow is apparently a porthole or a window that is carved circular out from one side of the trunk of this tree. The glow is a dull reddish-orange, and it's flickering like firelight. Trinket backs up towards you. (squish, grunts) Dives into the necklace. It's like you're lagging. All right, what are you doing, Vex? It seems to have an interior and some sort of warm firelight from the inside. All right. Vex returns from out of the shadows of the forest, no Trinket in tow. There are a number of trees in the vicinity, yes. Where this thing is, though, there is about a 30-foot distance between it and any other trees. It's in the center of a small clearing. All right. So as you ascend the side of the nearest tree, and it resembles Atreyu climbing up the tree in the Swamp of Sadness, as it's these large gnarled branches and bits of muck and dust falling off the sides, and the oil slick that is surrounding the base makes it difficult to find your handholds, but you do eventually get your way up into the tree over the next five to ten minutes. You were going to cast Commune with Nature, you said? All right. What do you want to ask? You're asking this of the tree? Or is this the land around you, right? You concentrate for a second. You feel yourself link with the land, and it's a very jarring sensation. You're used to connecting with nature being this serene, wonderful experience. This is like plugging into a nightmare. Suddenly, your thought process is filled with this ever-drawn sense of dread. You feel this cold sensation fill your form, and you manage to get this information across, but it leaves this very hollow feeling in the center of your being. Feeling out, you do not sense a cancerous tree, but you do sense the strengthening presence of the source of this entire swamp's perpetual destitution and slow decay, further to the northwest of this. Correct. Okay. In feeling any source of bodies of water, you're too far from the Gilded Run to sense any of that, and there is no running water within the actual Shademirk. Everything is a very slow-rolling sludge from the direction that you initially sensed. It's this perpetual billowing of slow, crawling death. What little bit of running water you would sense is deep underground, and probably still in danger, over the next 50 years or so, of being corrupted itself. You need to be a little more specific than that. (laughter) So you do a sense for large, dangerous plant life entities like that crocodile. As you extend your presence, you get no images or any sense of creatures like that crocodile. However, you do sense a rather intense presence throughout this bog at certain places of other corrupted plant life entities. No. That's your final question. The spell fades. You climb your way back down out of the branches of the tree. Have the gnomes already been set on their path at this time? Yep. So as you guys are having this discussion, the broom slowly glides up to the outside of this tree. As you get close to it, you notice, too, from your immediate position, that mass of dried roots and branches that are up top are threaded together with rope. There is definitely construction to this, almost like a wooden thatched roof. The side porthole you see does have a wooden crossbeam in the center. It is definitely a functional and pretty well-crafted window for this rather rough exterior. The roots of the tree, though it is not very tall, it is thick. It is round. It's probably a good 25, 30 feet wide, this tree's trunk, and the roots are large and sink deep into the ground in the vicinity. You see the glow from the window. What do you want to do? One from what you can see. What do you do? Okay. Make a perception check. Okay. You don't pick up a lot of detail, but as you come up over the top, looking on the inside, it looks to be rather comfortable, surprisingly. It's a small home. There's a table, and there's a small hearth. There appears to be what looks to be a shelf of some kind, ramshackle, maybe, but still functional, with books pressed into it. You can see a number of small baskets hanging from the ceiling, containing various roots and other pieces of plant matter that are gathered and bundled together. You can see there is a fireplace by the hearth. There is also a series of drying animal carcasses hung in the corner that are all stripped, and they're being aired out in that space. You also see what looks to be a large chair that is facing the hearth, slightly away from you, and a small end table next to it that contains a little teacup and a little tea set. Actually, the chair is pretty large. It's tall. The tea set is small. And as you're making a look, you see one large crooked hand reach out from behind the chair with impossibly long fingers with hooked nails reach over. You can see what looks like dried wrappings hanging from parts of its wrist and elbow as it reaches over and wraps its gnarled fingers around this tiny teacup and pull it back behind the chair. At this point, you hear a snap sound, and next to you, you hear this (creak) as a little bit of light peeks out to your left. A door has slowly opened on the side of the tree trunk. Flying where? Okay. You guys turn and begin making your way back towards the party, and the broom slows. It comes to a stop and then drops out from under you both (squish) into the sludge. All right, and you're casting Invisibility? I believe that's what you do to get more of that. Making sure real fast, so we don't mess this up. You both turn invisible, her clutching the broom. You're both invisible now. You're clutching the broom. Yeah. You watch them vanish ahead of you. A few moments pass, and you guys end up making your way back to the group, and you see the (squish) footfalls of both of your tiny gnome friends. From your perspective, you can't really see anything through the window. You're just going off of what they've told you, which has been very little. You're looking into the side of the window, and all you see is a little bit of flicker of firelight. That's it. Clutching the broom in your hands, as you emit the phrase that you've known to bring it to vibrant magical life... (groaning) The broom jumps to life. (cheering and laughter) And there, backing up from this abode in the center of the Shademirk bog, your broom retrieved, your party members gathered, looking towards that glowing window, and now the ajar door inviting you in to some degree, we'll pick this up next session. (cheering and applause) Oh, that's right.