Hello, everyone, and welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. And get the somewhat adjusted, altered countdown to us going live. It's great. But yes, welcome. We have just a couple of announcements to do tonight. Nothing too long and crazy. First and-- Okay, Sam's is really long. Speaking of which, let's go ahead and get us into our wonderful sponsor for tonight, Loot Crate. Thank you so much, Loot Crate. Sam, if you want to tell us a little about Loot Crate. And you know, based on our viewership tonight, it's a pretty good opening night. (laughter) So, well done, Sam. Awesome. Well. Next up, we have a quick announcement that a special guest is going to come in here and tag me out. We have Brian Foster. Go ahead and tag. Boom! (cheering) Motherfucker. Didn't get enough of that at BlizzCon this past weekend. Okay, then. (laughs) Thank you, Brian Foster. He's taken, unfortunately. By you? All right, so, anyway we have one more quick announcement, Liam, if you want to take over for this. For all you Critters who are under the age of 35, you have know idea what we're singing. I'm sorry. Well, thank you, guys. Unless you have anything else to kick forward, I think we jump back into the chaos of the City of Brass and the elemental plane of fire on tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] "Let us find our way to the Zenith Forge where he does most of his work." "Zenith Forge. Now come. Follow me." And he tugs the chains with a sudden burst and pulls you along. As you begin walking, he begins to talk about how "Whaska is one of the few giants that "still maintains the privilege of freedom. There was a coup within their people a few years ago, "seemingly orchestrated by some of their own. As such most of the fire giants in the city "either were cast out or were placed in chains. And the few that remain, one of which you'll speak "with on this day, is one of the ones that sold them out. So. I hope you have your questions ready." "Shh." Don't talk to your master in public. You did not establish one. (laughter) You're led through a multitude of streets, led along the outside of this large place that he points out to you that he refers to as the furnace. "That is where the Charcoal Palace exists "and the sultan of the entire city. We won't be going there." "The Charcoal Palace. You are listening; you are not supposed to speak." "Charcoal Palace." The air itself here, as you're spending more time outside-- and the interior of these buildings aren't meant to detract heat or cool either. Most if not all of the denizens here are well-tempered against the heat. As you guys are being dragged along, I need all of you who do not have fire resistance to go ahead and make another constitution saving throw. Nope! So I think that you don't have to worry about it. Yes, and how long does that last? It's been about an hour now, so that's past. Okay. A saving throw, yes. Constitution saving throw. Only on ability checks, sorry. 11, okay. All right. Vex? All right. All of you manage for the most part to resist the heat. Your sweat is starting to become more of a prevalent downpour across your face. Pike, you take a point of exhaustion. So you are currently at disadvantage on ability checks. Travis can work you through the exhaustion levels. Heading past the buildings and constructs you see these spires that come into these rounded point towers all made from some colored glass, some dark greens and blacks. You begin to see there are deep, carved, and well-manufactured waterways or what would be considered waterways in other cities. Except here, the actual molten lava from the Sea of Fire pours through. So there are large bridges that lead over these constantly bubbling and churning long aqueducts that are filled with molten rock. In the ground. Similar to how you see most city aqueducts constructed, except for the Sea of Fire spills into it. Anything going over there is uncomfortable as the heat grows astronomically as you pass over each bridge and the air itself becomes more sulfurous. And you find yourselves coughing autonomically as the fumes reach your lungs. You begin to pass by-- You do. You see as the sun which--and you've been here for two hours now so you have some time. It's still very busy in the city. And as you pass by, you see many efreet on their own business. Some coasting at different levels of height, some just traversing through. Occasionally you come across strange, horned devil-like entities that work, walk in clusters. Yes. No one else reacts except for Senokir. Who looks back towards you with this-- (laughter) Being led through the street you eventually see two large, lithe gray-fleshed creatures that stalk by with these large hooked tails that bend over in front. You can see barbs sticking out of parts of their body and they move in clusters of three or four. Two feet. They're bipedal. And they're stalking through-- It resembles that. The more you push into the city, the more diverse the populace becomes. And you do see the occasional human, the occasional elf, not being subjugated, though they do usually carry some sort of a bodyguard or a handful of servants at their side as well. But you do see devils walking amongst the people here. And many, many efreet that are all walking the streets with large scimitars at their side and with a uniform, a long silk vest of a dull grey charcoal pattern. And it looks to be a pendant that hangs around their neck that constantly churns with a flame. And it's a uniform for each of these, and you get the sense as they walk around singularly or in pairs, that these probably act as the patrol, as the guard of the city. No. They are very diverse in their attire. You get the sense that at least the outfits they're wearing is their signature outfit. But you also have a hard time grasping what the cultural intricacies are of the City of Brass. Being that you're Grog. As you're passing by these various aspects-- do you have a question? Okay. As you guys are walking past, and at this point Senokir is talking and he mentions off to the side, "We are now passing the street of artisans and the city market. This is what we call "the Pyraklum. This is where we're going to find Whaska. This is where we're going to find the "Zenith Forge and hopefully the end of your journey. But we can work out the specifics later." As this is happening, I need you to make a sleight of hand roll. Okay. Go ahead and make a lockpicking check. Okay. It takes you the better part of about four or five blocks to very carefully, walking with your sister, keeping in pace with her gait, making sure not to rustle the chains or anything to distract Senokir or Uten as they walk along-- and Uten is being very, you know, very careful with his watch. Not just on you, but on the city overall. It's not like they're, you know, honed in on you per se, but very observant of the atmosphere. And you get the sense that Uten definitely, as far as the partnership goes, seems to be the more paranoid of the two of them. However as time goes on you eventually (click) hear the gentle release of the lock on one of her arm manacles and then slowly the other. As you begin to approach a large black and gray building built from heavy, heavy stones-- Uten says, "It is not often that we take newcomers under our wing like this. Usually they "are either customers or, well, to be arrested shortly. So, no, this is probably the first tour "we've given. Senokir seems to strangely enjoy it." "Apparently!" Motions over and Senokir, other hand out, is like, "And around this way, you "can see the Fenstral Spire, which is a wonderful craft fair that happens once every two weeks!" Uten goes back to you. "We've been in business together for about the better part of ten years. I've only been here "about 12. It was a very dangerous scavenge to begin, but at least the laws of the normal world "do not apply here. I have no idea how long Senokir's been here. He keeps a lot to himself, "that one, but I trust him." "Fine jewelry. I showed you our establishment." "No! I must admit, our life is not as interesting as you might be expecting, and I am "sorry for that. I will say, probably should not be talking so much right now." Doesn't physically hurt, but emotionally, there's a scar. As you continue pushing forward, eventually you come to that gray building with heavy gray and dark stones. It's large, square in shape, and you see an oversized chimney that bellows out constant black smoke that pours upward into infinity. There are a number of stacks like that throughout the entirety of the city, hundreds that all eventually bleed together as they all mingle and join in the atmosphere, whatever this atmosphere is consisting of. The large doors are partially open, they're about 20 feet tall and about 20 feet as wide as well. They are made from a very dark wood, but as you get close, it's just a textured stone. You see a dull light from the inside. "Welcome to the Zenith Forge. So, once we enter, I would have to be the one to ask all the "questions, but that would be difficult for us to do. So the choice is yours. Either we try and find "a careful way to funnel questions, or we put our cards on the table and you do the talking." "You already look like Uten and other compatriots. You can still speak, I just want to make "sure that, well, our slaves don't talk out of turn." "It's been a while. Since the upset socially, I found it best to not deal with them "outside of a customer-patron relationship." "They're curious." "You're sweet, little one." "They're very big." "And consider that since they kept their freedom, they're probably rather cunning." "You'll see." As he begins to tug the chains and pull you through the doorway. You're going to stop as you're being pulled into the foyer of this building in chains, and you're going to begin to cast the spell. I mean you can do it, it's a visual thing. "Yes?" "All right. Then decide. I mean, if you wish to progress--" All right, it's really quick. And you basically have to pull out your component from the side there, it's a little twig and you snap it. And you continue the ritual. All right. You concentrate for a second as he's talking, and currently no. You do not sense it. It lasts for up to ten minutes, yeah. 1000 feet. "Well, here it's a few rooms. It's large enough to house Whaska and his servants to "construct the crafts that they are good at." "As far as I know, arms, armor. You see, fire giants, they find their sense of self-worth in "society by their craftsmanship. So it's a very important thing for some." "I said arms." "Would you like me to speak slower?" "So. Are you to funnel questions, or do you wish to ask as a troupe?" TRAVIS and TALIESIN and "Then decide on your questions now, or covertly speak once we enter. But we cannot stay "here in the open and continue to talk long." "I don't know." (laughter) "I know enough. But I don't know of the bloodline specifically. I've heard of it. You can "certainly inquire within. That's why we're here!" "These questions aren't pertinent at the moment." "Thank you. Now, shall we?" Gives a tug on the chain, leads you guys inside. The interior is very dimly lit. Thankfully, most of you have some form of darkvision. This is an open, heavy hall where, in the distance, you can see four different forges that are burning simultaneously. They are being fed by a small trail of the exterior sea of lava that is being funneled into the back corner. Within, you can see there is a large anvil in the center of the room as well as a number of smaller anvils off to the side. It appears to be four human-sized figures-- you can make out the shadow of them in the darkness. They appear to be human or human-like and they're in the process of moving things behind. They have troughs of water so they can quench the heated weapons. There at the center anvil, you see a large, hulking figure standing. Dark black leather apron across the torso, currently holding with heavy tongs this large, superheated piece of metal. Red sparks fly and illuminate the room with one hit. The second splash of light, as you see this piece of metal being slowly rotated from side to side. It's beaten into a heavier shape, the dark metal having a bladed edge to it, the actual length of it probably twice the size of Grog. I'd say in the neighborhood of 20 feet. 16 to 20 feet from this vantage point. (hammering) "So? Go." "Well, you're the one who wants to ask questions." The last hit strikes the blade before the hammer pulls back. The currently hunched and focused fire giant suddenly pulls back, and is standing. You see the glowing iron metal off the side, gently gliding across the ground and scraping the stone before it comes to rest at the side. The giant stands at its full height. You can see the heavily red bearded chin of itself gently singed on the edges. The dark gray ash-like skin of the face looks down at you, the eyes glowing with piercing red dots through the shadow. "Yes?" The metal blade lifts and smacks the ground with a resounding (ting) sound that rings. All the other individuals working at the forges stop their work and look up. The giant looks back. Does this with his hand, you hear the wind resistance across his massive arm, and all the rest of the servants gather their materials and begin to finish what they're doing quickly and set them aside. As they begin to go about finishing up their business, Whaska takes the large, unfinished metal blade and sets it onto the anvil, puts the tongs down with this heavy, echoing clack in this large chamber. The apron gets removed and tossed over the rest of the materials and tools and walks up (slow, heavy footsteps) and stands there looking straight down at all of you, towering over your group, backlit from the glow of the red forge hue behind him. "You may ask your questions." "Then I have probably made it." (chuckles) His eyes squint a bit. "I am not familiar with this. I did not make this armor you ask." "A game of cards?" "I may know who you would actually be seeking." "This information that would lead you to this powerful, legendary, sought-after armor you "seek-- is it worth a lot to you?" He crosses his arms. You hear the clatter of the metal bracers he has on cling against each other as his muscles tense. "Then--" He begins to walk over to the side (footsteps) grabs something in the shadow and you hear this scraping sound (creak) of heavy wood being dragged across stone as he lifts up and slams in front of you a table. A little bit larger height than you, you can look just above it, but it's a relatively large table. (boom) "Then make your offer." "Well, usually as a craftsman, they want something of their craft, perhaps." "Or you could always ask." "Yes?" He reaches forwards and rummages through a small pouch that's affixed to the side of his belt. When I say a small pouch, small by his comparison, the pouch is about the size of you, Keyleth, and as his fingers dig around inside you hear the clanging of heavy metal and various other objects slamming into each other. As he pulls out some sort of strange, small cylinder, he lifts it to his eye and peers through it. Scans through. "For servants you all walk with many enchanted, powerful, and desirable affixions to "yourselves." Puts away the cylinder into the pouch. "Offer me some of what you could give up. And should it be worth the information you seek, "it will be yours." It's about eight feet up. Yeah, you'd have to leap for that, man. You're not pickpocketing a giant without some high rolls. Mind you, you can certainly try. I would love for you to try. You hear the heavy foot taps of an impatient-- Can someone run that to me real fast, if you don't mind? So you take the big Greatsword and (crash) put it on there, and take the ring, place it up there with it. Both of his large, meaty fire giant hands grasp the side of the table as he leans down and looks them over very intently. Takes the blade, holds it in his hands. "This is a very good start." As you place it there, he glances at it for a second. The little, burning pupils of the giant look up towards you. "It was a strong start. Not a very strong follow up." As he leans back up, he says-- He seems unmoved by the presentation of the ring. He says, "You are to make one more offer. If "you do not, I will tell the Illuminated of the dubious outsiders masquerading as servants. Slaves "sent to undermine the rule of the The Grand Sultan of the Efreet, The Lord of the Flame, The "Potentate Incandescent, The Tempering and Eternal Flame of Truth, The Most Puissant of Hunters, "Marshall of the Order of the Fiery Heart, The Smoldering Dictator, The Crimson Firebrand Marrake "al-Sidaan al-Hariq ben Lazan." "So. What is your final offer?" One large hard raises up, and begins to tug at the edge of his beard. "Make your offer." His finger taps the edge of the table. Yeah. You go ahead and unveil and put 40 pounds of white dragonhide-- You manage to pull all of the hide out. With flourish. As you finish, Whaska's mouth turns into this wide grin, as his arms go out (thump) scoop it all to his end of the table. "Your respect will "be remembered." He takes the handfuls of it, and the sword, puts the rings into the pouch, takes the sword and jams it into his belt, takes the hide, and walks over to the side and opens this large chest. Throws everything into the side of it. Closes it. And begins to walk over. As he walks away from it you hear this heavy metal click when he's about 15, 20 feet from the chest. He steps to the table. "Now--" He then rests his elbows on the table, folding his hands under his chin, leaning forward towards you, and looks over the rest of the troupe. "There are two other fire "giants here. One is Sugan. Sugan, well, was the brains behind our positions. I have this foundry "and this forge because Sugan led us against our people. He currently enslaved most of our kin, "with my help, and with the help of Juuraiel, and her late husband, Guras. Sugan, he currently "resides within the foundry itself, as a respected chain lord to the rest of his kind. Do not speak "to Sugan. You seek Juuraiel. Juuraiel runs a powerful slag mine in the pits. Her home is "outside the Shrine to Surtr, called the Smoking Hammer Shrine. Look for the spiraling tower of "black iron and copper. If there is any problems--" And he reaches back, and pulls forward a small, square, metal icon. And he flicks it over towards you. It looks like a small piece of copper in his thumb. But as he flicks it in your direction, you reach out instinctively to grab it, Keyleth, and then realize, "Oh, shit!" And you have to back out of the way as it (loud thud). Roughly the size of a manhole cover. It's a large piece of square metal. You look at it and it has a series of runes that you recognize as being Giant imprinted into the metal. "This will grant you respect and conversation with "Juuraiel. Should she show any resistance, just tell her I gave it to you." Make a strength check. (laughter) You can get it a few inches off the ground-- Yeah, just with your modifier. You get it a few inches off the ground before it (crashing sound) hits the ground with a resounding clang. Almost got your finger, but you're fine. Between the two of you, given about five minutes, you guys could eventually carry it. Grabs the table and moves it back to the space he got it. (thunderous claps) "Our business "is done. Good luck. And should you find yourself in any trouble, you never heard my name." Turns back to the anvil, slowly puts on the apron, and goes right back to work. (metal ringing) Holds the metal over into the large furnace to the side to let it glow to a brighter orange, to white at the tip, and begins hammering once more. As you guys gather the rest of your strength to pull that along with you. There is this awkward pause. Whaska stops and looks over. (laughter) "Depends on the question. What do you ask?" (metal ringing) Goes right back to hammering. You could roll one now to gain his current composure while he's hammering the large sword. He seems focused on his work and cares less about your presence now than he did when you entered. Yeah. As Keyleth and Pike carry it along at an angle because of height difference. Wait, wait, oh oh oh! All right. You guys make your way out into the main thoroughfare. Senokir turns back. "Very "well. I know where this shrine is, so follow me." "Are you mocking me?" "Right. Continue, please." Pulls the chains a little bit. An extended period of time to make it towards where the mines and the pits are for the next hour or so, walking through the streets. As you're heading in this northward direction, you pass by a series of intersections where a lot of these lava rivers merge and splinter off. You can see there are individuals that are taking elements of it and carrying off large metallic buckets. You also notice in the distance one very terrifying-looking structure. All the rest have this beautiful, grandiose design to them. There is one that looks like it is made of curved obsidian spikes, like a series of giant, clawed hands climbing up over themselves. It forms a bastion in the center of the city. This is on the outskirts of the furnace that you walked past or saw in the distance when you first left Senokir's establishment. Pressing beyond that, you notice that there is a heavy number of nasty-looking devilish entities that seem to be running patrol around the outside of that building. You get the essence that there's a heavy devil presence in the City of Brass. Devils of multiple kinds, you gather. Many you've never seen before. But they seem to be gathering around and have that same terrifying essence to them. You see some that are humanoid, but covered in long chains with hooks at the end, dragging on the ground behind them. You see some that are these nasty little impish looking creatures that leap from section to section and usually travel in packs. But they all have business; they carry small satchels at their side. They mingle with the rest of the efreet and the other denizens of the city unmolested, unbothered, unprovoked. From a distance, you're not getting too close. No one seems to pay mind. "That is the embassy. We shouldn't go by there." "Well, that's where the ambassadors to the Nine Hells reside." "Sure." (laughter) As you continue, eventually you come upon the outside of this beautiful temple that is made of hundreds of heavy, dark iron and metal hammers that are all molded together in this mish-mash that forms this giant archway. As you walk past it, Senokir pipes up again, "And that is the "Smoking Hammer Shrine that was spoken of. Which means--" And he points over to the right. There you can see-- it resembles a home that is conical in its advancement. It's thick at the base, and it spirals upward, made of black metallic substance. Rough around the edges, like it's been pushed together, similar to the shrine you saw. But it's this spiral that continues upward. This very thick spiral that quickly tapers off into a point. You see there are levels to it, and there appear to be openings and windows. This is an abode of some kind. A very massive abode, and to a certain extent one of the more impressive buildings you've seen in this immediate vicinity. Easily. As you get to the front of the building, there are no windows that lead to the bottom floor. There is one very heavy door that is a half-circle. You're not sure how, where, or from which direction it opens, but it is this big, round, metal slab that stands there at the front. You do see a brass knob in the center of it, that is roughly about eye-height to you, Grog. And that's the extent of it. As you approach, Senokir turns around, "So I believe we've found our way to "the home of Juuraiel, as you acquired the information about. Your turn." "So? What is your intent here?" Other giants. Well, they have, depending on the type of giant, many natural enemies, usually that exist within the topography they're used to. You only really know about stone giants in the Cliffkeep. And maybe hill giants. There is no specific, sworn, vengeful enemies to the stone giants that you're aware of. You got the essence that there was a large coup. There was a larger free citizenship of fire giants that existed within the city. Through some circumstance, these three currently remaining giants sold the rest of their kind within the city into slavery or had them ousted. The three that did so elevated their social status and became more powerful figures within the City of Brass. All right. As you go and pull up your component, you snap a twig. You take a moment to wait until there's no immediate approaching individuals that might see it. As far as spells go, it still requires a lot of physical action, but you can keep it condensed. As soon as you finish, you feel the immediate glowing beacon of your intent within that structure. It appears to be maybe 25 feet up from where you currently are at an angle, on the inside of the building. There are no windows on the bottom floor. On the second floor up, there are, yes. Which is about 40 feet up. For climbing, this would be athletics. Dang it, Bobby! All right. Thanks to the rough construction of this building, it isn't too difficult to find handholds, though there are certain moments where you have to leap and catch to get there. It takes you probably the better part of 15 minutes to eventually get up to that area. The first opening you see, even though it's a window, is an oval porthole in the side of that structure. As you glance inside, getting your arm up in there, you are inside a servants' quarters, but even the servants' quarters are very large. It's simple. You see two beds in there, but the beds are 30 feet long, 20 feet wide with various hides and furs that have been patched together in this quilt-like fashion, but haphazard in their stitching. Other than that, it's not very pretty. You see two very large metallic pissing pots that currently reside at the edge of each bed. Were you so inclined, you definitely could. Nobody in here now, no. It's a ways off to the next one, but you could try to climb over if you'd like to. I need you to make another athletics check for me. You slowly shimmy over. While the rest of you guys are waiting, as you're sitting there, you can't see what's happening; you occasionally see a pebble (thunk) and a bit of dust fall. Senokir's like, "Well, how about we walk around for a moment, so we aren't looking weirdly in public doing "nothing." "Well said." Tugs the chain, and you guys begin to be dragged in a heavy circle around the nearby street. All right. You leap over, grasping, lose your hand for a second, and get back up there. The soreness is starting to kick in; you're not used to this much physical activity of this type of strength, and it's kicking your ass. So fast, but so weak. It's already hot here, and the beads of sweat are pouring down your face at this point. Yeah, basically. Thankfully you have fire resistance so you don't have to worry about the heat getting too much on you. It's more of the physical exertion that's getting you. You do eventually pull over to the next window. As you get to it, you pull up into the lip, and as you reach out to grab, your hand hits something. You look up, and you see that this particular opening has an imperfect, thick glass window or at least a glass surface that is currently blocking the entrance. This is actually a window that is closed. Somewhat transparent, yes. It's somewhat opaque, because of the nature of its creation it wasn't perfect glass. It's about that thick, and the entire oval is about six feet high, and about four feet wide. Sure, go for it. Make an investigation check. All right. This window is trapped. As you glance around, you can see that it is. It is a window that has a slot on the side. The glass is wider than the window in a slot that's pulled up through chains that you gather would probably lift it from the inside, like a winch that would pull it open or closed. However, on the bottom, you can see along the edge. On the very bottom edge, you can see some sort of slight bit of material that doesn't match both the glass or the blackened iron structure of this building. It's a silver plate that rests where the glass sits down. As soon as it would move, a weight would shift, and something would happen. It would need to be something from the inside. Even if you were to attempt to do it from the inside, you would have to be at the base of the structure. From this side, it's too big for you to do anything, really. Make a perception check. Which gives you a total of? All right. As you peer in and close your eye on the inside, you can see another bedroom similar to the one over there that you just passed by. But this one is exorbitant in its decor. You see beautiful deep red tapestries along each wall that are the full length of it. The bed itself is a canopy bed that is 40 feet tall with heavy dark silks and fabrics that dangle from it. This is a gaudy bedroom for some sort of a giant. No armor visible from this perspective, no. You do see small pieces of art. There are other metallic trinkets that are built into the wall. But nothing that resembles armor, unfortunately. You eventually make your way down and wait for the rest of your group to return. You guys had a nice awkward walk being led quietly through the street and back around. As you guys begin chanting to yourselves, Senokir goes, "Actually... sure, go ahead," and keeps pulling you along as you guys chant in whatever phrases you decide upon. You come back around and you see the rest of them arriving at the door, although they cannot see you. Senokir does glance over in your direction. "Ah, it appears that our walk was just enough time." "I have my ways, yes." "Your brother is a fun character." "From your standards, yes. Being from where I'm standing, I find it hilarious." (clipped laughter) "Now shall we?" "Well, let's try. I have not been here." Just knocks on it. It barely makes a noise. It's like the knuckle against the stonework; it's making this dull, awful sound. Nothing. Yes, you can. Go ahead and roll an attack. No weapon bonus though, just your strength. Okay. So that's your strength bonus and your proficiency modifier? So that would be 20. You reach back (heavy impact) and you watch as his hand hits the section where the engraved metal door is, dents inward, and leaves this big heavy dent in the front and the impact is like a dull thunderous clap of lightning. You hear it echo on the inside. There was some very faint texture or pattern to it. Yeah, a design that was built into it. You recognize it's Giant. You cannot read. Grog, make a deception check. Which is a grand total of? Keyleth, Pike, I need you guys to both roll insight checks. Okay. Suddenly, as Grog says this, you realize, him being of giant kin and the seriousness in his eyes, and the stark intensity in the way he describes this If you drop this, something terrible is going to happen! You probably don't believe the second half, but you do believe the first half. It's at this point you hear this (thunk) and you hear this heavy, low (clicking) as the sound of chains being tightened and winding forward are followed by the large doorway rising up. You watch as it rises, and there is a small carved slit where the knob itself rises up and fits as the door entirely lifts into the structure leaving the front walkway open and there standing, you see with arms off to the side apparently finishing the rotation of this chain-- No, you see two male fire giants, fully armored with large blocky black metal swords staring down at you from each side. They are both wearing dark plated scale mail, and both of them have these black bands of metal across their neck that have a small, pulsing red gem in the center. Scanlan, that's up to you, man. You've done some freaky shit in your time. Although in this circumstance you'd be the gerbil. You are Lemmiwinks in this. If you want to gain some experience, that's up to you. Anyway. They both stand there expectantly, saying nothing. There's a small pause. You hear a voice echo from further back in the room, though you see no source for it, "What is your business with this Juuraiel?" Make a persuasion check. There's a pause and you hear a few heavy footfalls, getting louder as they go. Emerging from around the side, you see now a tall, broad-shouldered, female fire giant with a very strong square jaw. Her hair is pulled into this long red braid that dangles past her lower back and you can see it drifting behind her with this large metal ring that it's braided into at the bottom. She's not wearing any armor at the moment, just wearing casual clothes, and these clothes are lined with gold and platinum. This is a very expensive ware that she has on, as well as rings that encrust both of her hands. As she steps forward and looks out towards you. "So you want to "play cards and make a deal you say?" She reaches over and grabs it, from both of you. She glances over it, and puts it over in her hands. "So, you have spoken with Whaska?" "Okay, I will hear what you have to say. Let's hear your deal. Let them in!" She turns around and walks across to the end of the room, as the two giants step to the side, removing their crossed swords from the entryway that scrape across the stone. And you may enter the premises. Make a perception check. As you guys walk in this central chamber, the foyer, if you will, it's beautiful. The use of autumn colors mixed with various golds and metallics to create this archway that is a band of brass, a band of gold, a band of platinum, a band of brass, and repeats itself onward. It has this tunnel-like feel, and within each of these walls, there are a number of weapons. Large, giant-sized weapons that are bolted into the wall and have beautiful runes inscribed within, and wooden plaques on the bottom that contain language that only you recognize, but can't read. There are shelves that contain large books that are locked up behind glass and chains roped across it. This is a collection. This is like a small personal museum. To your size, it is huge. To Juuraiel's size, it's like a nice den. As you guys continue inward, there is a large desk on the opposite side, as well as a few comfortable chairs off to the sides and a staircase that spirals upward to a second floor. There are very bright red burning torches that the flame itself would be a heavy bonfire by comparison to any of you. It burns and licks the edge of the interior without any damage done to the beautiful construct of the foyer. This desk at the end, which she has now walked around and sat on the opposite side, is made up of beautiful dark green wood and has gold leaf designs all throughout the legs. Everything here speaks of projected affluence. Juuraiel, this fire giant you have come across, makes a statement with her wealth, with everything she presents. The other two giants that you saw at the entryway, who had the binding on their necks, close the door behind them, place their weapons up leaning against the wall, and both lumber behind you as you walk in, slowly keeping watch as you progress inward. Juuraiel raises her finger and says, "Could you please bring a means of my guests to speak eye "to eye?" And the two giants diverge slightly, both grab two of the chairs and scoot them in, up to the edge of the desk. These chairs are about head height to both of you at the resting point, so you'll have to climb up into them, and then probably get to be up at the desk level. Yeah. If you'd like to. As you guys get to the desk itself, on the back wall behind the desk, above her shoulder, you see a beautiful ruby shield that refracts the light in the room. It's roughly, from head to toe, Grog's size. It's pointed at the bottom and rises up almost like it's designed to look like a flame. It has this uneven, flickering, frozen in time of the construct of the top of the shield. On the other side of her other shoulder, you see, much smaller in size, but a beautiful set of-- make sure I get the description right on this-- beautiful brass armor with priceless cut rubies all across the rest of the silver inlay of the armor itself. It is about 25 to 30 feet up the wall. It's up where it's resting about the top height of the shield, so there's an even point and it's about five feet down from the ceiling. "But of course. You've already presented trust from one of my allies. You are safe within here." You may. You drank the potion, Grog? So you have advantage on intelligence checks. There's a clarity in your mind that hasn't been there in a while, not since being an eagle. No? You need to learn to read still. You see Senokir looks over at Uten. "Not to worry. Uten, if you don't mind." Uten pulls out the ring of keys that he has and goes through and begins undoing your guys' shackles. This will take a little while. It's closed. The two servant giants closed it. Juuraiel leans forward with a grin, "So, "please. What do you come here requesting?" "Even smaller!" And now leans in real close to the edge of the desk. The massive size of her face and the breath; it's delightful. It's a combination of rotting vegetation and very dry earth. But her teeth are gleaming. The smile is interested in whatever you're about to say. Eyes shift back and forth over the rest of you here, "I have an interest in games of chance "on occasion, yes. So, you come all this way to play games?" Make a deception check. Leans even farther forward, to where it's about two feet between you and her large eyes that have come in, and her chin is scraping against the wood to get a really good look at you. She looks over, her red pupils slowly inspecting you. The grin grows even wider as she leans back, "Well, "you intrigue me, small one. If your luck has been so great as to collect these fine specimens of "strangers and you bring them all with you to such a place. Where do you hail from, if I might ask?" "Fair enough. So! You come to play me for what?" "Well, I need to know what the ante is, so I can ask for a suitable request for my side." "Ah, yes." "Ah, interesting. So you wish to play for the armor?" "Fair enough. So." She leans behind and pulls out a wooden box from a small cubby. And you now look behind the desk and there are a series of cubbies that are embedded in the wall. And there are different things that she's thrown in there. She pulls out this wooden box, unlocks it with her heavy fingers, and opens it. She pulls out a deck of cards that is larger than what you're used to playing with, but small enough that you could functionally hold a hand. Small from her perspective. Kind of. (laughter) She takes it and closes the box. Begins to shuffle them, without even looking away from you. As she looks at you, she cocks a bit of a half-smile to one side and says, "So for that, do "you know the history of this? For you to come so far to play a game, there may be a reason you "come. And the thing you select for the game we play has much value to you." "Okay." "We will play three hands. The winner of two takes the pot." "Request the armor. Me, I request your friends." "Take it or leave it. If you truly have no idea what this armor is worth, perhaps you wish to "choose another thing to ante." "How badly do you want it?" "Then we have an accord." "We refer to it as the Tinder Start. But you probably know of it as the Gambit of Ord." This is the thing you didn't end up playing. You didn't play it. You, make an intelligence check. Being a bard that you are. And add a +2 to it. You have played this game. The hand is represented. Each of you roll a d8, but you keep the die hidden. Then you both roll a d6, and then keep it secret. Then you both roll a d4, and then reveal them all together. But you can raise it as you wish. Yeah. The highest number between the three rolls. But you can fold if you want to. This usually is done in a betting type circumstance, so we'll see how things go from here. Anyway, finishes shuffling. Tosses you a series of cards. Takes a couple cards for herself. Sets the deck aside, right in front of her. The two guards in the back, by the way, we hear them stepping away and retrieve their weapons, and head back behind you guys. Just keeping them at their sides. Yes. Maybe 15 feet, 20 feet. Make a stealth check. Okay. You both take a look at your hands. Go ahead and roll a d8. Okay. So, for this circumstance, we'll go ahead and take a d6. Roll it and put it next to the die. All right. And now take a d4. If you fold, you lose the round. At this point, yeah. You walked into a game of her choice. You currently went around the table? Make a perception check. You get a good glance at the first two cards, yes. Make a stealth check. Not with advantage because it's an audio thing. That you can think of. It's cards. The dice is just the mechanic for it. Take a look at your hand. We rolled the d8 and the d6. She looks down and goes, "All right. So, to make this even more "interesting. I'll wait. Let us see how the first hand goes, shall we?" And she puts her third card in front of her, face down. Roll now. "And call." And she turns the cards over. "Four, six, one." A total of 11. "That is an unfortunate way to open it, my small friend. But you seem keen on winning, and I "respect that." She takes the cards, places them to the side. Deals out a new hand, brings it back to her. "Shall we begin?" Go ahead and roll your d8. No, this isn't an ability check. This is quite literally a game of chance. If you wanted to try and fuck around with a creative way to cheat, you're welcome to try. That could also go very poorly, depending on how it goes. Before you do the next one, she stops and goes, "So, as I was going to say before. How about, as your "friends are the ante on the table, throw yourself in as well?" "Perhaps the ruby shield?" Make a deception check. She nods. "Very well." She rolled, the first die is placed there. LAURA and She rolled her last card but is not showing. It's a two. "A ten. What did you roll?" As you begin to mutter the incantation under your breath, she says, "I would not recommend "bringing incantations into our game of chance." "Yes?" "I had a feeling." (laughter) She turns her head to the side, "You do not want to walk this path, do you? Because if you "truly cherish the lives that you and your friends here have, based on your current change in tone, "this tells me that they now belong to me. Perhaps you would wish to continue to make this agreement "you came to make. Show me your card." "By one each time. Perhaps it was time for you to lose cards after all. Based on our "agreement, you and your friends are now property of Juuraiel. However, I see that you are traveled. "You seem capable. You are bold. You walk in here after acquiring the will of Whaska. So, you want "freedom, yes?" "Then perhaps there is a favor you can do for me. In exchange for this favor, I "will nullify our contract, and you will be free to go. Does this sound viable?" "The other choice is you are now mine. Or, as you threatened boldly before, that I was to "die. But I can say, given the current place that you reside, the enchantments I have on this room, "the friends of mine that I have at your back, you will not have the outcome you wish." "Do you agree?" "No." "There are a number of red dragons that walk." "Sounds worthwhile. But do you agree to our arrangement?" "You are full of spunk and life. And you are foolish. Do you agree to our accord?" "If I beat you in this hand, you agree. Otherwise, what? I still own you?" "We will see who wins this hand for your own sake." "It does not change our deal." First die. Second. And third. She reveals four, four, four. Literally rolled all fours. Oh my God! I wish I had this luck in Vegas! Like, literal gambling. "You have agreed to our accord as per the agreement." "You will have your freedom and the armor you seek. My lover does not live because of an "altercation with one who frequents the city. My partner, Drogat, died needlessly in the streets of "an innocent altercation with Ghurrix, a pit fiend that lives at the embassy." "Oh, you should never go to the embassy. But this Ghurrix is tied up with a lot of politics in "this city. As much as I would love to squeeze what infernal life he has, I fear it would cause the "execution of me and mine. So, I sit and fester with the need of vengeance. I need you, if you're "as capable as you promise, to go and find Ghurrix, in whatever way you see fit, and carve "the life from his body. Now, Ghurrix frequents the Arches, which is the slave market of the city, "where he finds rare and unique servants for the Nine Hells and his masters there. Goes about once "a week and is probably due there in a day or two. Go, slay Ghurrix, and return to me with no mention "and no trace that can be brought back to my home. Then the armor is yours, as is your freedom. "There is no agreement. You've already agreed. So go." "Two days, yes." She reaches down to the side of the desk, and pulls out a very small book, relative size, and flips through, and opens a page to turn towards you. "This is what I seek to see "destroyed. You can tell, Ghurrix wears a symbol of his station. It is a thick, black chain. And at "the bottom, it has the symbol of two manacles intertwined within a red symbol that pulses with "anger. That is your mark." "You try my patience, small one." "Two days. Go!" As you guys step down, the two giant guards step back and begin to walk towards the door to let you out. "Hmm." She gets up from behind the desk, and walks up the stairs for a moment. She's out of the room, currently. Yes. They're standing watching all of you. It would fit a human. A minute passes. You hear the footfalls return. As she comes down the stairs, with her hand in a fist, she throws her hand open. Hitting the ground, and scattering across the stonework, some of them stopping at your feet or beyond, a series of black, metal rings that match the ones that the two giants wear around their neck. But smaller. Various sizes. There's probably like a dozen or so you can pick from. Some will fit better than others. "These I had made, but I had no need for servants of your size until today. "So, go. These should be enough." "You as well. Good luck. Please, kill it. Return." Senokir pipes up and goes, "Actually, you're welcome to stay at our place. We have facilities "that could function. Besides, it's a lot of chain we have to carry back now." "That's wonderful, thank you." "Indeed. We'll talk soon about mine." So, the door is lifted. You guys are led back out onto the street. Closes behind you. The time that has passed now, I need everyone once again to roll another constitution saving throw. Your fire resist would have gone away. You could cast it again. Yeah. Well, no. You roll and then you add your saving throw bonus. Vex? All right. Pike, Vex, Keyleth, and Percy all suffer a point of exhaustion. Pike, your speed is halved right now. Your speed is halved, so you are trailing behind everybody. You guys eventually make your way back, being led by Senokir back to his establishment. Let's go ahead and take a little break for now. Go ahead and use the restroom-- "That would be frightening, wouldn't it?" All right, guys, we'll be back in just a few minutes, we'll see you in a second. [break] She's been gone a while. It's okay, welcome back. Ashley, you're amazing. That's okay. So. You guys have returned to Senokir and Uten's establishment to rest until you feel is necessary to undertake this endeavor. But it is your guys' prerogative as to if you want to wait over the next day, day and a half to jump to it or is there anything you want to do to prepare for this circumstance? What do you want to do? "I don't know. Is there?" Specifically, you can choose a target in general terms. It'll probably bring you right back to where you arrived here. So you'd be back to the outside of the city. You can specify a target or destination in general terms. So the City of Brass or Dispater on the second level of the Nine Hells. You appear in or near that destination. Up to you. Crapshoot, it's possible. Actually, by this time, as you guys have gotten back and ended this rest you guys have really come to get really thirsty, and as the exhaustion hits in, you all continue to reach for your waterskins and they're dried up. The sun, however, has gone to a darker red color, like a soft eclipse almost. And as it does, the heat remains but the light gets dimmer and dimmer into a red twilight. And as it does, the city shuts down. Everybody goes home, locks up, and nothing but the efreet that you saw wandering the streets earlier with the little flaming brooches or amulets in the uniform outfit wander the streets. Pardon me. (sneezes) (sneezes) Fuck you. Hate you so much. Live gaming. You ask this to Senokir? "That's largely because the Illuminated maintain a curfew. And if you don't follow the "curfew, you'll wind up in chains." "At first, yes." "Kill him." (laughter) "If you want water I can procure that for you." All right, so, what do you guys wish to do? It's an action. You're not entirely certain, comparatively the time. You feel like you've been here for, I mean, a while. By the cycle of the sun-like light source in the sky here on the plane, it seems like you've been here for about a day. No, but you were only here for maybe a handful of hours last time you guys came here. It has to be on the same plane. You certainly can. So you have secondhand knowledge of the pit fiend. So, focusing on the emblem that you were described, you close your eyes and concentrate, holding the orb of scrying within your grasp. Okay. What's your spell DC? What's the spell DC of the scrying orb? It would be 15. Unless you cast the spell, right? Usually it would be set for the item, but for the purposes of this it won't make a huge difference. What's your spell DC? 19, okay yeah, so it won't make a difference. You close your eyes and you see a brief fuzzy vision of the city from your perspective and then your vision jumps suddenly and comes to fire, then comes to black, then comes to a quick view of that weird citadel, carved out of black obsidian hands reaching over each other, the one that you saw earlier, the embassy. Then you feel a wall and you're thrust through a series of walls, not able to really take in any visuals, the process is so fast, wall after wall, then you come to a darkened room, a wide chamber that contains a long series of papers and scrolls that are laid out in a specific format. You can see, chained to the walls, individuals moaning and crying. And you see, sitting in this small circle in the center of the floor, a humanoid-- a humanoid in the sense that it has arms or legs-- but you see the pit fiend sitting there, almost meditating, eyes closed, large teeth, jagged and pointed, coming out of its large jaw, dark red horns that curve behind its head, these large wings that are folded around it from the back as it sits its knees out, crosslegged, its arms resting upon the edges, eyes closed. It appears to be sleeping. Or at least resting. Unfortunately you can't, the target of your scry is about the most you can focus on; you can give a blurry atmosphere around them, you can barely pick up the aspect of their presence, but that's the most you can do with the scry spell. Best that you could tell, probably close to 15 feet. Within reason. There are limitations. It's still a mansion. As far as you understand, for a person to walk into the mansion, they have to know they're walking into the mansion. Senokir pipes up at this point. He's been listening in to this whole conversation off to the side. He goes, "If you are indeed going to fight a creature of this esteem, I will request to not be "present. Thus, you will be masterless in this city. I don't know how to protect you the way you look." "Perhaps. That will be helpful. Just make sure you have a solid story, or another way "of masking yourself. Otherwise--" "Well, dressed more like us, or the others who are free. It all depends on what you can look like." "Or, at least, amongst the elite of this city, where you won't be bothered." Actually, what does Seeming allow? "He is a known entity in this city. If you wish to fight him in the open, I would recommend "having a way of perhaps having the Illuminated on your side." "That is the guard." "Well, going against the sultan is the most grievous of things. He is a paranoid one." "In the Charcoal Palace." "I can really recommend you not go near that palace." "They have wards to pierce through lies. You will find yourselves never heard from again, if "you have falsehood in your midst." "The sultan, I imagine, would, though I am not aware of it myself." "I believe so." "Depending." "Probably." "Most likely. There are many unique slaves that pass through the Arches." "They've had a few celestials through before. Those generally fetch a pretty penny with "the individuals you're speaking about. The winged ones, they apparently are very sought-after by the "Nine Hells." Seeming does not add wings. It has the same arrangement of body parts. But if one of them has wings, you could change those wings into a different color. "The sultan's name is the Grand Sultan of the Efreet, the Lord of Flame, the Potentate "Incandescent, the Tempering and Eternal Flame of Truth, the Most Puissant of Hunters, Marshal of "the Order of the Fiery Heart, the Smoldering Dictator, the Crimson Firebrand, Marrake al-Sidan "al-Hariq ben Lazen." Maybe. It's still a mansion. You have an indoor foyer. You can customize any other floor plan you like, and the decor of it, but it still looks like a mansion. "I would recommend not being a pink-skinned gnome like yourself. Perhaps something that could "live in this city." "An imp would be interesting." "However, an imp would not be solo and would probably still be behooven to the Nine Hells, and "would work and be considered a subordinate to a pit fiend. I would not recommend an imp." "Perhaps an azer." "Well, as you would consider, close to them-- a dwarf. You may have seen a few." You've seen a couple of strange individuals throughout the city as you've walked by. They're dwarf-like, they're thick, they're muscular. They look like a dwarf, except for instead of hair and a beard, it's fire. A wreath of fire across dark grey, almost obsidian skin. To give you a specific visual, to give you a feel for what I'm talking about here, when I say-- (high-pitched) Flames on the side of my face! Heaving, heaving breaths. "I was going to make some beds. We have--" "Very well." "Of course. We'll discuss soon our arrangement. Good night." You go and find Pike in her room. She comes to the door, already groggy, no pun intended. Sorry about that. You open your door and you see Grog standing there, looking a little sheepish. Okay, for the purposes of the narrative, you spend the next few hours with Pike in your room, beginning to learn elements of the alphabet of Common. You go through enough of it where you pick up some of it and as the potion fades, so does the memory of the last three hours. (yelling) This is Flowers for Grogernon. But it wouldn't have mattered because the Common alphabet and Giant runics are totally different things. Make an intelligence check, Grog. I'll say, as you feel the potion fading from you-- Sure. Go ahead and roll an intelligence check. You get "Gr--" and that's where it ends. Okay. That'd the Greater Restoration, technically, to try and-- Greater Restoration reduces exhaustion. But you can do that as well. Okay. So you reduce a level of exhaustion. Okay. Just designing? Great. All right. So, as you guys all come to consciousness the next day, you gather your things and you step out of the mansion into the center of Senokir's shop. With the long rest, you recover a point of exhaustion, so you'll all back to baseline, including you, Pike, because your Greater Restoration. Your spells are recovered, HP is recovered, if there was any loss of it. So, the day is yours, what do you wish to do? Most angelic entities have white or gold wings. You could not. It has to be the same physical structure. We'll find out. You guys are not sure where The Arches are. "Yes?" "What do you require?" "Do you require guidance there? Uten, why don't you bring them to The Arches. I will not be "joining you." "I wish not to get involved with a pit fiend. I will ask though, just to be safe, if I "could have, of your choice, one small bauble to remember you by. As we still have an arrangement "to discuss, and knowing, to an extent, your capabilities, there's a chance that you might "escape without returning to me." "It is to make sure that should you abscond without upholding your end of the deal, I can find you." "Thank you. That'll die soon." "It'll still function. It just will be lifeless. So, continue please. Stay safe." Uten is like, "Okay, follow me. I will lead you." Even he is looking a little weird over at Senokir. An azer. The flaming beard dwarf. We'll say for the purposes of the illusion you can pull off something that resembles flames enough to the point where it should pass. All right, so, as you guys walk out into the city, you are lead by Uten on a similar path that led you by the Pyriculum where you met Whaska, but you continue past that in the northeast direction heading towards, as he tells you as you pass, near the naval grounds of the Sea of Fire. Beyond that, you guys find the streets become wider and the network of clusters of metal cages begin to adorn portions of the center street islands. Within these cages, you see humanoids of all walks of life, creatures, beasts; it's a collection, a veritable zoo of entities from all the planes, all bound to various cages, chains, and other elements, whereas efreeti individually bark from top in a language you don't understand. You see large banners and streamers set across elements of the road to mark various segments of this area, and at this point Uten turns to you and goes, "Well, you have officially reached The Arches. I will bid you adieu as I also will not "want to deal with a pit fiend. Good luck." (sighs) "Yes." "All the ones that do not look like they're yelling for you to buy something. Most likely." "If you are convincing enough." You go walk over to Grog and look up at a much larger, slightly butcher version of yourself staring down at you. There are many scenarios in which you see people being sold. You find elevated wooden platforms, you find metallic stages that are being lifted by slaves, held up, where the barker shouts out among them. There are all sorts of presentations, each person is trying to shout over the other. Many of the various humanoids and efreeti you see in the vicinity are all yelling over each other and trying to catch attention. It's this weird constant barking, almost auction type atmosphere, where it's a lot of din, noise, music, and voices shouting over each other. It's also very crowded in this area. There are a couple small parts, there's like an alleyway nearby where there is a little more of an opening. Like if there was a spot to set up it would be there, if not there's-- probably could traverse the rest of the vicinity of the slave market but currently where you are that's the one space that's not too close to an existing shop. Sure, which will definitely catch attention because no vegetation exists here for the most part. I'm just saying it would catch attention if you want people to look in your area. (singing) Simply irresistible. There is a series of smaller buildings in the area. There is the main street that runs through here and across that street is where there are many of the various slave blocks and larger platforms set. You guys find the entrance to this alley way, which curves around behind you and there is a large wall that leads to another section beyond that. This is where you begin to set up or where you're planning to set up shop. So you guys wait there for a while. Looking about, you can see, most of the people that are selling slaves there-- some of them are humanoid, some of them are kobold servants, some of them are worse for wear, looking like they are hoping to get sold soon before they expire. You do see, across the way, two young boys maybe about 15 or so years old, light blue-- (laughter) Light blue skin and pupil-less. They are held by red-colored chains and they look broken of spirit and they are both sitting with a hunch. Okay, Vex, by the way, your alignment's back up to Chaotic Good. That was the last little push there with that instance. All right, so what are you doing? Yeah, as you approach the two of them, with the red chain around their necks and arms and they are leaning over the edge of the small wooden platform looking dejected at the ground. And approaching them, the skin itself is like a soft white porcelain with a slight translucent blue hue to it, white pupiless eyes. They look human, but they are beautiful and out of place here. Even in their destitution, you can't help but be struck by their presence. Both their chains are currently locked to this stump that is in the center of this wooden platform and behind it you see this grotesque-looking dwarf in very fine clothing that is very very dirty and old. He stands there clutching the edges of his lapel going, "All right, we've got here before you two, two I found "and kept beneath my will. For sale. With angel blood within them." "Well, if you're looking to purchase, these will both set you back about 10,000 gold apiece or "18 for the set." (whispering) "Whatever the fuck they can do I don't know. I wasn't selling them for their "skillset. I was selling them for their uniqueness." "What's it to you, small one?" "There is no previous owner! I went and got them myself! The chain of ownership is this chain "right here." He points to the one on the stump. You can see greasy black hair that is parted in the middle, mustache comes down into a weirdly fluffy beard that has weird oily portions of it. He's an awful-looking dwarf. "So, are you going to buy or shall I wait for the ones I'm looking for?" "Piss off." "Are your ears clogged? I said ten each or 18 for the bundle!" Make a persuasion check. "Cash on hand? 15. (whispering) Don't tell anyone I said that." "Haha. Well, it's been fine doing business with you." He puts the coins away, pulls out a piece of paper. "What's your full name?" "Here you are. Transference of ownership." Grabs the chains, unhooks them, takes the lock and hands it to you. "They're yours to take. Now you two shove off! Do what the man says." "No! It's your choice to name them!" So as the two of you walk back with these two chained boys who walk behind you-- (stuttering) "Yes." "Well, we--" They both look at each other. "It doesn't matter, it's you who own us now." Oh! He hits you and it's numb for minute. You realize, why is the world sideways? He knocked you to the ground. The two children follow you back. They are chained and you have them at your disposal. What are you guys going to do? "He's had us here for three days. Sorry." They both recoil, "No, no!" Go for it. Make a deception check. She is lying through her teeth. While they're talking, Keyleth, you notice, across the way, the dwarf they had spoken to and purchased these two from has packed up his things and looks around, pulls a wand out, does a large circle, and him and his kiosk vanishes. Make a perception check. You look over in the direction of the embassy and you stare at the embassy and from this far away it's hard to make out the shape but-- Yes, there is an alley behind you for about 20 or so feet and then it curves off. From what you can see currently, no. "Yes." "Okay." As you guys begin to wander off with the two boys, Keyleth, you hold the scry crystal in your hand and, as you focus, you see this flash of heat in your mind and then darkness again. The spell has no effect. Just so you're aware, the scry spell fails if they're not on your plane of existence or if they succeed their saving throw. Okay, you begin to walk around, you hear the barking of various heavy-throated creatures. You come across this large, it looks almost like a wolf or dog but the face is a little less pronounced like a wolf and a little more humanoid in the front, but it is still bestial and monstrous. The coat is gray and matted and you can see these long fangs protruding. It barks and snarls but every single time it reaches for the bars-- and the bars themselves look like a flimsy wood-- but as it tries to tear at them or bite there is a spark of arcane energy and it backs up and seems to recoil from the attack and begins to pace back and forth in its cage again. You also see behind that, there are two more cages that contain these very large insect-like creatures that have very long bodies with multiple legs, looks like a set of eight or so legs, almost like an oversized praying mantis, the giant pincers in the front, but they are currently collapsed on the ground within their cages resting in the heat. Behind them you see an individual that appears to be a similar racial background as Senokir, but is older with this red and graying goatee that comes to a very defined point at the end of the chin and is currently sitting, sipping off of a wine skin and watching you. (slurp) "Very well. We have today, and today only, two ankhegs for sale. Mind you, not bound. The "will is yours to break. And one barghest at the front. The prices the ankhegs are 500 gold "apiece, the barghest, 8,000 gold." "Yes, please, go." As time progresses and you guys have been wandering around, eventually the image does come across your mind as you wish to-- You wanted to Scry again? Okay. Still no success, unfortunately. As it progresses, the actual twins, you notice far up the way to where The Arches begin, you see a sight you've been seeking this entire time. You see a large, deep red entity begin strolling down the street with its burly rippling armored muscles, its giant red wings flared out behind it, its horned head and crest piercing the sky behind it as its burning eyes and fanged jaw and mouth. He lumps forward with each step, and as it does, you begin to see the essence of the necklace that had been described previously, dangling around its neck. As you guys wait in the spot that you've chosen, the pit fiend, as you've rightfully designated it at this point, begins walking through and slowly making its way through the crowd. As it glances around, you can see it strolling up to a few bars and running its claws across. You hear the (clanking) sound of it-- thank you, Criss Angel. You see it running its claws across the bars with a heavy (clanking). It seems disinterested by many of the creatures that it passes by. Make a perform check. (heavy footsteps) It begins to eventually cross paths with the alley where you guys are situated. It turns its head and looks down to you, with your flaming beard and fire-wreathed head, playing your song. It slows its gait ever so slightly. It is an imposing and frightening entity. Even just being in its presence, even as you play the best you can, you feel everything almost slowed down in its proximity as its sheer immensity passes you, leaving you in its shadow for a momentary bit of time. In that moment, you feel the back of your neck stand on end. All the hairs immediately come to full point. You feel cold and alone as it sets its eyes upon you. It moves its gaze beyond and continues walking. Okay, so you come by, the other direction, as you guys finish your meandering. As you walk by, it (footsteps stopping). Looks at the two boys that you've procured and slows. The pit fiend has turned about and is standing there with its arms crossed, watching this transpire maybe halfway up the block where you guys had set up. Its eyes narrow with a bright spark of yellow light that situates where its face is. (heavy footsteps) It saunters up in your direction, looks over to where the rest of you are, and where the two-- He's heading in your direction. As you're saying this, the pit fiend puts a hand up. Its mouth doesn't move but you hear a voice piercing deep inside your head. It says, "Stop. I have discourse to make with you, small one." "I have interest with your aasimar." You bring them into the mansion? The creature leans down toward you, the pit fiend's very presence itself almost causing the air to vibrate around you. Though it is not the largest creature that you've faced, there is something about its presence that is purely evil. A bastion of power across all elements of the cosmos that you haven't had stare you down at this proximity. As it leans forward, the voice once again pierces the center of your brain. "It would do well to bring them forth." "What is your price?" "I have seen enough." Make a deception check. "Perhaps in time, but now I seek the aasimar in your possession." As you say this, the eyes narrow. It leans back as its head cocks slightly. "Have you never "done business in this city before?" He begins walking away from you. It has completely written you off and is walking northward, back from whence it came. (footsteps) Slows its gait, turns around, (footsteps) keeps walking. It stops. Turns around and starts heading back toward you. (footsteps) The voice once again pierces, this time even more intense, more oppressive. You've seen shadow. You've never really felt it inside you before. The voice itself presses against your will. You hear it say, "Your "price is acceptable. You know the Embassy is good to pay. Present the charges, and I will take them." "I will wait." It stays there, across the way, with its arms crossed, about ten feet from you. I would like you to make a deception check and you to make a deception check, please. Yeah, that's part of what's good about it. What'd you roll? That's an auto-fail. Well, as you charge in, and you're staying outside of the door? You watch as the creature, staring at Scanlan-- or his persona-- talk to you and then charge through the doorway. The pit fiend (sniffs) looks over to you. The voice echoes through your head in a way that is genuinely the stuff of nightmares. You feel your will crack slightly at its presence. It says, "No." The voice says, "Your deceptions are angering and useless. If there is no business to "be had, I will let the embassy know. You will not have business in this city ever again." Yeah, you're in the alleyway still. The doorway is in the alley. It's right where the alley meets the street. Keyleth is behind the alley. The twins are on the sides of the doorway, so you guys are along the sidewalk of the street. Grog is inside, along with Scanlan, Percy, and Pike. He's about 15 feet from you guys. He's across the street, at this point, with his arms crossed, keeping a distance. You guys are having this conversation over your earpiece? I was going to say. But you're in direct line of sight to the pit fiend. From him right now? About 35 feet. You don't know. Okay, so you pull even further back? Okay, make a stealth check. Okay. Okay, so Pike is coming out with the two aasimar. So, you exit with the reddish chains in hand and both of the boys exit with you. As soon as they walk out of the portal and they see, across the way, the pit fiend standing there with his arms crossed, they both (gasps) you hear the breath escape their lungs as the fear hits them. The pit fiend's arms go lax. You can see a bit of a smile on its face, now. It looks like its pensive frustration in waiting has been expended. The voice says, "You will be paid." Feeblemind, okay. All righty, what's the DC on this? Correct, and what's your spell DC? 19. Okay. All right. As it takes one step forward toward Scanlan, you, in the back of the alleyway, extend your finger. You watch as this slight shift of light travels forward, like a slight ripple, almost like a miniature breaking of the sound barrier. Strikes across the air. Seems to collide with the front of the pit fiend. As it hits, the energy (fizzling) dissipates, not affecting its form. You watch as the pit fiend suddenly, its attention-- He does. He does not appear affected by the ability. I mean, he took damage, but the Feeblemind did not seem to alter him. Currently, you do not see any. However, let's go ahead and pick up this confrontation next week. It's 1100. If we jump into this now, we'll be here past midnight. It's all good. Scanlan stepped out of the door and walked out just enough-- Scanlan is probably ten feet from the door, there, right behind him, just emerged from the doorway. He's about ten feet from Scanlan, and 15 from-- Correct. I'll set up the arrangement for next week. I'll put something together for you guys so you know what we're going to start with next week. But yeah, we're going to jump in, next Thursday, into a mid-street City of Brass battle. Here's the one thing I'm going to leave you with, because I feel this is important. As soon as you guys watch this slight dissipation of arcane energy splash across the torso and head of the pit fiend, and it steps onto its back foot, and you all realize this is the Jenga moment. As you're preparing to go into combat, you watch as the pit fiend narrows its eyes and, from immediately to its left, a small, localized gateway tears open and out from it you watch a humanoid female with large, red, feathered wings, carrying some sort of glowing lasso or rope at her side, armor, and a large weapon, with a bow slung across her shoulder, flies out next to the pit fiend. "You rang?" And that's where we'll pick up next week. So, we'll see you guys next week. Thank you very much. Thank you, Ashley, for coming and playing. You won't be here next week? Aw, you're filming Thursday? Aw.