Good evening, everyone! And welcome to our eleventh episode of Critical Role. I think our story is definitely brewing towards a coming conclusion, whether this week or some point soon. We'll see how the story pans out. Nevertheless, the excitement's definitely growing for Vox Machina. We're currently waiting for a couple of the party members to arrive here. But they'll be here very shortly. But in the meantime, let's go ahead and jump to our intro, and we'll come back and have a few announcements before we hop into this week's episode and see where the story goes. See you in just a minute. [dramatic music] Yeah, they can't see you guys running to get your donuts, so it's fine. Our party was just scattering to the four winds. It's on me. It's fine, guys. That's all right. So, anyway, guys. Welcome back. We have a few announcements. First off, thank you once again, chat, for giving me this awesome, awesome DM's cloak. We'll see at which point in the evening it becomes perfunctory. Also, apparently we had a load of other gifts that arrived. That's great! This has to be for the dragonborn. I think, Orion, that this is a skull of a dragonborn. To put your material components in. Open it up. (laughs) They just ship him a glock. (laughter) Please look it up. We want to thank you before the end of the show. Yeah, please figure it out. Yeah, we'll pass that over to his side, there. Yes, thank you so much. It's done after this. Yeah. Oh, there we go! And also, for Percy-- (laughs) For Percy, you get your own. Plastic on there. Pass that on over. Oh, that's amazing. We're finding out. We'll definitely thank you before the end of today. Also, want to give a thanks out to John Dodson, who is the first to create and send off-- Our magic carpet for the party to use. (cheering) Yep. I understand we're going to have quite a few magic carpets coming in. So we're probably going to be swapping out as it's used, as the game progresses. Exactly! So it's going to be "The Amazing Technicolor Magic Carpet." That's awesome. Matt Abernathy, I think it is. LAURA and I think. If we're butchering it, I apologize, but we love you. Yeah, we'll research that and figure out who it was. We'll get it to you. Yeah, if you're from Canada and you haven't received your shirt yet, go ahead and email one of us and we'll figure out if it's you or not. So, we'll get it to you one way or another. A couple other quick announcements for you folks. Let's see. First off, I just want to remind everyone that our intro music, for our wonderful intro you just saw, written by the amazing Jason Charles Miller, is on iTunes. So if you want that as a ringtone, or just to have the music, you're welcome to go ahead and find it on iTunes, download it. It all goes to him because he's amazing and he did it for us for free. It's a great song. It gets me pumped. Also, other questions come up recently asking what our soundtracks are for the show, that I play for situations. The music that I run for the show for background and situations-- Go let Travis in. We have a Grog arriving. And Scanlan shortly. Yeah, but he'll be here soon. The soundtracks used for the game generally stem from a website called Incompetech by Kevin MacLeod, who writes great, royalty-free music. He's given us permission to use it. As well as Plate Mail Games, which does great soundtrack and atmospheric music for RPGs. And Midnight Syndicate, also amazing, amazing songs. They've all been amazing. So if you guys are looking for stuff for your own games, those are where I find mine. Also, I wanted to give a big thanks to our wonderful artist, Kit Buss, who's done all the character art. She's been incredible and is progressing to do more work for us down the road of little moments throughout the game that we'll be able to find ways to show you guys, and it's just incredible stuff. So Kit, thank you so much. You're amazing. And we'll have more to come. Last, but not least, 826LA, our charity. Marisha, do you want to-- So, thank you so much, Marisha. Guys, check that out. Grog, the chatroom bought you another chalice to drink. You now have many things to drink your grog from. That's a fancy cup! A couple other things before we start the game. Thank you for your patience, guys. We have one present here from a Joe Alfano. Whatever it is, I haven't opened it up yet. We'll see what this is here shortly. We'll find out. A present, a letter, or something really cool. Oh, snap! "Matt, a three-by-two flying carpet, sized for six medium-sized figures, "depending on your bases. There may be some overhangs. This is one of two, the embroidery "takes some time." "The first time, if not every time, Scanlan rides the carpet with someone else, especially "with Pike, he has to sing 'A Whole New World' from Aladdin. Enjoy, Zombie Joe." That's amazing. (cheering) Two carpets. A layered, Amazing Technicolor Magic Carpet. Thank you so much, Zombie Joe. And then we have a great letter that is-- I'll probably read it at the end of the show today from Useless Rogue, or Scott Ropner. So we're going to jump in the game and this is an amazing letter I'm going to go ahead and read later on when we have a little more time. So we'll get to that shortly. All right, so I think that gets us up to speed on everything we're trying to get you guys up to speed on before the show. So, welcome to Critical Role. To give you guys a little backstory as to where we are, for those who are tuning in for the first time, oh, you are tuning in to an interesting time. This party of adventurers were tasked to locate an individual, a famed folk hero, a paladin of Bahamut named Lady Kima of Vord, who, on a vision quest, went to search out and destroy a great evil that was germinating beneath the dwarven city of Kraghammer in the Cliffkeep Mountains. The party, upon delving beneath the city, discovered it breached into the Underdark, and, following her trail, fought past duergar, ashy-skinned evil dwarves, past mind flayers and various other terrifying denizens of the Underdark, eventually saving Lady Kima after weeks of her own torture, and discovering that some great evil named K'Varn had unified these normal enemy races, the duergar and the mind flayers, the illithid. Also finding that apparently, this individual-- Yes, sir? Oh! Well, snap! Let me finish explaining this and we'll do the giveaway. They discovered this entity called K'Varn, this great and powerful entity, which, apparently, had acquired an artifact known as the Horn of Orcus, that adorns its head that gives it some sort of power imbued by the dark god of undeath, Orcus himself. The party then managed to find its way into a cavern where the illithid city, Yug'Voril, exists. And after a Scry spell via Keyleth last episode, unveiled this entity K'Varn to be a dastardly beholder, an extremely dangerous aberration that currently holds, at the top of the temple in the city, a stranglehold on the mind flayer civilization. So, that was where we left off, the party slowly encroaching the edge of this island. And we'll start in a moment once you give the giveaway. All right, guys, so be active in the chatroom, that will enter you as part of the giveaway. We've already hit that, so the giveaway should be happening very soon. So, say "hello", say your opinion, be around, and have fun. That's right. Well, so, it's a shame Scanlan is not here at the moment, since-- I'm just saying it's a shame, because he's right in the thick of this sequence here. So, as the party was making their way up the shore, they found bits of the ruins that coat the entirety of the subterranean city. They found what looked like some sort of a large stone, partially crumbled fighting pit. And what looked-- As Vex, Vax, and Scanlan were stealthing over, Scanlan himself invisible, had stealthed over to scout ahead, managed to find what looked like an encampment of some kind. A series of rags and furs. A very large living space for some sort of creature. Scanlan, failing his stealth roll, seemed to draw the attention of whatever entity lived there, which was an extremely tall, large, giant-like creature, malformed, kind of pale purplish-gray skin, one squinty eye and one bulging, yellowish one, that was dragging something fleshy and bloody behind it. It turned towards the rest of the party, going to inspect what, seemingly, created the sound near its homestead. And that is where we left off. Right now, you're on the outskirts of the fungal forest that covers large portions of this island. Where you are right now is on the edge of this stony pit that's dug into the ground. It's about a 15-foot drop down into this pit, where the remnants of this encampment was, and the leftover large fire pit that's just slowly burning ember coals. Scanlan is still invisible next to you guys. Don't do that. There are chunks of ruined buildings in the vicinity, probably a good 30, 40 feet from where you are. You guys are right along the edge. (booming footsteps) Okay, so the two of you leap off the edge of this, down into his living, bedding area. The two of you leap off, down. Both make an acrobatics check. Favored terrain makes a ranger very happy. 22? 20 and 22. All right. The two of you leap off-- The 15-foot fall is easy to tumble through and both of you land right next to this large pile of rags and furs. You both quickly dive inside. Which, the instinct of survival prevents you from immediately realizing the terrible, terrible scent of long-festering body odor, what smells like a combination of dried blood and some sort of excrement, as well as whatever entities once wore these furs or adorned them on their fleshy self. There are still chunks and pieces of them, dried and/or still rotting within this pile. So, both of you sit there for a second, diving underneath, keeping as quiet as possible. Scanlan is going to attempt to make a stealth check. All right. As this giant, humanoid beast starts lumbering forward, and you can just barely catch a glimpse at him because you guys are hiding from behind. You can see giant, saggy, fleshy ears, this kind of bulbous nose. It looks almost like tumors all across his shoulders and back. And his teeth are kind of broken and nasty, there's this black in the gums. It just kind of steps and looks over the edge (sniffs and grunts). Licks his teeth for a moment. Looks over. Takes a couple steps around the edge. Glances over towards the edge of the forest. Both of you make a constitution saving throw. As the smell, itself, it is a terrifying, awful smell. A natural one. Top of the game. Natural one gets no bonus. That is an automatic fail. What kind of a choice is that? True. So Vex, as you reach over, you notice you put your hand up to shut him up, but an unfamiliar, liquidy warm sensation hits your hand as you catch him mid-vomit stream. (laughter) You manage to muffle some of the sound. This is really disgusting. I'm sorry, guys. All right. The creature suddenly whips its head over towards the pile of rags and goes (grunts and sniffs). "What's that smell?" Grabs the edge and leaps off. The impact of its weight no more than ten feet from you. You feel, even through the softness, it is still soft through the nastiness, you feel the impact of both of its giant, thick, tree-like legs slam into the stone right around you. Scanlan sees this. Hears this, and instinctively without much recourse, his invisibility fades as he begins to form an incantation. Thankfully, he's distracted at the moment, but the large entity is going to attempt-- I'm sure he does. See if he sent something to me. Yeah, he texted me the same stuff, all right! So, no. What he's actually going to do is, he's going to cast Domination. So, as he finishes the spell, the giant creature, as he starts reaching and pulling the sheets back, it pulls back right as you guys see its horrible, gnarled face right in front of you. Its nose, you can see, dripping with liquid from somewhere inside. As you pull back your blade, all of a sudden it stops, and looks up, turns around, looking over at Scanlan on the edge. And Scanlan goes, "Hey, go for a walk." And the giant, "Okay." Climbs up to where Scanlan is, and just starts walking towards the fungal forest at the edge of the area. "I don't know! Come back!" Scanlan says, "Come back." The giant turns around. "Sit down!" It sits down. Still hasn't made its saving throw. Even sitting, Scanlan is up to its knee. You've seen giants, to an extent, at some point, or larger creatures. An ogre would be about waist-high to this. For just reference, there. That's about the size you're looking at. He's a tiny guy, tiny guy. Scanlan goes, "You, wha--" "You told me to do something!" You guys aren't there! I know, that's what we're working through. Stealth check. All right. You get about a third of the way through wrapping the rope around his body. He kind of just sits there looking confused at you. His jaw looks slack. You continue to wrap, and as you are pulling on the second round, all of a sudden his expression goes from dull slack, to angry. TRAVIS AND He looks down at you, Scanlan goes, "Oops! I think it's worn off." At which point he makes a tense, physical action against the rope that you've bound him with, and before you have a moment to react, with a powerful surge of energy, breaks through all the rope that you had tied him on. You are now standing at the base of him. At which-- You guys are on the shore. Go, go. Someone let Sam in! All right, so as this giant entity reaches over and is going to attempt to try and slam his fist down on top of you. That is going to be a 21. Against your armor class, yes. All right. You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage, as the hand just slams down onto your sister. Presumably, he doesn't seem to notice you there. Okay. Go ahead and make an attack roll on that. What'd you roll? You do have one reaction to this, as you stabbed and missed, you have a reaction as well, after you've taken it. You pull yourself from under its fist, and it's now starting to get up onto its feet proper. Oh! What you got? He's getting up now, he was sitting down. Okay, all right. How big? A Large? This creature constitutes as Huge. That'll do. Yeah. All right, so. So go ahead and make a roll, a contested roll for that, if you don't mind. (laughter) You got this, you got this. We're going to find out here in a second, let me pull up the spell. All right, so. I got it right here. Grasping Hand, all right. So use the hand's strength score to resolve the grapple. So you roll that and add eight to it. What'd you roll on the d20? 18? Plus eight, that's 26! All right, versus its athletics. Okay. So as it's getting up, suddenly you freak out, bring your hand up, and you summon that same sparkling wave of arcane energy that shoots out from your hands. Forms this giant version of your hand. Clings around both his arms, his torso, and tightens itself around its body. As it does, it stands up, and it's currently grappled. Yeah, so mark off your Domination. Also, the target takes 2d6 plus five damage, crushing, as you're now grabbing and forcing its body. Nine points of damage total to it. All right, gotcha. To this wondrous entity. Yay! All right. All right, great. So that ends your turn. It is currently grappled. It is now your turn. You can. Go ahead, and we'll say you've been down here, Scanlan is right here, and you are right here. Not with Trinket, because you went out to scout and stealth. So that's you there. You guys hear that, those of you who have earrings. Shout that out? The rest of you are starting to run. LIAM AND At full-round sprints, yeah. It's not going to be a very quiet walk for Pike. That's okay. It'll take you guys about two rounds to get there. At a full round. So-- Okay. Oh, it takes a while to make a Sleep arrow, yeah. It takes like-- Yeah, we'll go into that later. All right so, you go ahead and pull out the single arrow first, or Sleep arrow first? Okay. You realize if you damage something that's asleep, it wakes back up? I'm saying if you do Sleep arrow first, you hit him, then you do a second, it'll wake back up. Just letting you know. Okay. 25 definitely hits. 16 damage for the first hit. Fantastic! Go ahead and roll damage on that! Did you multiply the dice? That's a critical hit. Not for the multiplication, no. It's after the fact. 25. Yep. 30 damage. All right, so as it's still standing up and you see as he's standing up now, he's reaching off to the side and he's pulling a giant club up that was kind of leaning against the side of the inner portion of this giant fighter's ring. As he pulls the club up, you pierce him in the arm with the first arrow and he looks down at you angrily. With his one giant eye glaring, and the smaller one. The second arrow pierces the smaller eye and he pulls the arrow out with his fingers, like a little tweezers, angrily. I will say, because it was a critical hit on a Sleep arrow, normally, what you would roll is 5d8 to see how many hit points it can affect. Go ahead and roll 10d8. It's not damage. This is just to see whether or not you can put it to sleep. 47. So, the arrow pierces him and he pulls it out, and you can see for a second the eye gets a little-- He flicks the arrow off and it snaps as it leaves his fingers, and he glares down at you with his other eye, angrily. Shrugs off the effect. That would have been really cool. Unfortunately, he still has a lot of hit points left. Sleep arrow is something to glide into later in the battle. You don't know that. No fucking-- You're still on the beach! Oh no, you still did the 30 damage from the Sleep arrow. That was just to see how much hit points it would affect if it was going to put him to sleep. But a nice try. All right, so that ends your turn. That brings us back to the top of the round between you guys. So we'll wait for the rest to arrive before we do full initiative. We're just running off of the sequence of events here. Did you want to move at all or are you going to stay right here? Okay. So, as you start running backward, we'll say to about there, he has a very long reach with a club and he gets to swing at you as a reaction. So as you go bolting, he just takes the giant club around (whoosh). Streaks it across the ground. Yep, which means he's in a bad situation and he, because he is grappled, it means he can't move from his current spot. He's being held in place. His speed is zero. But he still manages to roll a 14 to hit. All right, so you jump over the club. Roll off the ground, turn around. Get your bow back in ready position, untouched. That's the end of your turn. Now it's his turn. He is going to-- Did you throw the daggers or did you leap up to try and backstab him there? Right, so you're right there. He-- -- spins around. Bends down, just glares at you with his one giant yellowish eye with almost a slit pupil in it. As it does, you feel this strange, oppressive force come from the eye into your mind, and I need you to go ahead and roll a charisma saving throw. 17? You manage to resist whatever effect this was. You shrug it off. It looks at you angrily even more and takes its club and slams it into the ground, like a giant pouty child. It looks like it's-- Yeah. The smell is still present in your face. Pulls its club up to prepare itself for its next round. That's its turn. Oh, no, sorry. It also makes one attack, it gets to use the evil eye, and one attack. So, angrily, it's gonna lift up its club and slam down towards you. That is going to be a 15 versus AC? Can't roll worth crap today. Club comes down (impact sound). Actually breaks a good portion of the stone on the side of this that comes up, falling backward and tumbling into a pile inside this pit. As you dodge out of the way. That ends its turn. No, you're up. Scanlan. No, Scanlan first, and then you, and then you. So Scanlan. Yes. Yes. Yes, you are. Yes, he is. Okay. Yes, it comes from you. And it goes in a straight direction. You get the feeling he has about a 15 foot reach with this, so as long as you stay within that reach, you're still gonna be okay. Currently? Yes. You do. Where are you going to move? It's 15 feet up, so you can jump down into the ring if you wanted to go down there. Or you can move around this way. He's big enough where you'd be able to see him. So you leap off the side. As you leap in the air, he glances over with his large eye and does a backswing with the club in mid-air, trying to basically baseball-swing you. We'll find out. That is an 18? Okay. You take 19 points of bludgeoning damage. As he (impact sound). Really. Like, backhand swing hits you. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Because your landing has now completely thrown you topsy-turvy, the impact throwing you off your balance. (laughter) 20 will do. Like a cat, you correct your trajectory in mid-air and still three-point land. (laughter) All right. Go ahead and roll 8d6. Dexterity, he does not make his saving throw. He is too slow at that size. You guys are running up to-- 31 total? So after you land on your foot, you turn around, and reactively just fire this bolt of bluish, arcane energy. It streaks up, slams into his face and shoulder area. You can see he rears back from the pain of it, reaching up in the air like he can somehow fight off the Lightning Bolt. As the bolt passes through him, it leaves this burn mark on his chest and the side of his face. Smoke is (sizzle) up off his torso. He looks very pissed. You do. You may. I will say the mild, echoing sound of mildly off-key whistle following a mighty Lightning Bolt, is inspiring enough. Go ahead and take a d10. And now it is your turn. Okay, so are you going directly for the eye? Acrobatics check. So as he's reeling back from the blast of the Lightning Bolt, you see that opportunity. You jump up onto his partially bent knee, use that as a platform and leap up in the air, daggers drawn. Slow motion towards its face. Go ahead and make your first attack, since you are going directly for the eye-- I will say that it is at a disadvantage on the attack, but if it hits, it will be considered as a Sneak Attack. I will say it's a disadvantage on the attack, but if it hits him in his eye, you will do Sneak Attack damage. 26. All right, that one will hit. Eight, plus your 5d6. Oh, this is the second attack that you did, right? Technically, you were both going for the eye. I'll say, I'll allow it. 26 points of damage. So, the first dagger you attempt to swing down, he actually moves his face out of the way and it just scrapes across the side of his cheek, doing nothing more than a scratch. But the second blade strikes true, slamming into the side of the eye. As it pierces, for an eye, you expect, would pop. It's still a hearty material. You actually have to push into it, it's almost like it's full of hot muscle on the inside of its eye. The dagger still drives in, and, using your weight, you drag down and cut it open on the bottom. It screams out in pain and pushes you off. You barely manage to catch yourself on the ground. You haven't, seemingly, blinded him, but you've definitely left a serious mark on his eyeball. Do you want to use your movement at all, you can, or do you wanna stay where you are? Right, you can use your bonus action. Oh, you used your bonus action to do your secondary attack. I know, I know. I'm pretty sure as a rogue you can use your bonus action to do Disengage, that's one of the benefits. But you used it as a secondary attack to get Sneak Attack, so. You could move out of the way, but you'll take a swing from him. All right. So you'd say you'd move back to about there? As you do, he reaches up and grabs his eye. With the other hand, picks up the club and backhand swings at you. That'll be a 19. You take 19 points of bludgeoning damage. But as the hit slams into your back, you manage to just catch your feet underneath you so you don't topple off the top of this edge. Ends your turn. What you got, Vex? All right, so you pull back. Same wooden shaft, all of a sudden, sprouts these nice, thorny, jagged spikes on the sides, as you release the arrow. Hits him. 3d10 damage. Go ahead and roll that. 17? Second attack. Go ahead and roll it. 17 does hit. He's pretty big. He's a big ol' sack of hit points and no armor. 17. Yep, don't forget your Hunter's Mark. Okay, so 22. Nice. All right, so, one arrow hits him in the elbow and it looks like it pierces the sinew that holds the arm. Almost goes slack for a second before he flexes and tenses. You hear the actual wood shaft snap as he brings his forearm up. Grabbing his club, turning around, you shoot the back of his elbow, causing him to drop the club on this hand. He looks extremely frustrated at the process. Now he's got blood streaking down both arms. He reaches down to grab the club, again, to try and prepare himself for another round of attacks. You guys are just now arriving. The Fomorian is going to finish its turn, and then the rest of you guys can go. He's going to take two swings. First, he's going go ahead and angrily leap forward to there. Small jump. Lands on the ground, takes one swing at each of you. Actually, no that's a valid point. He is still grappled. Thank you for that. He's going to try and break from the grapple for his move. That is going to be an athletics of 20. Go ahead and roll a d20 and add eight. Attempts to break free of grapple, can't do, so he's stuck where he is. He currently has nothing in range to attack. No, you're 15 feet below, he doesn't have range on you at the moment. He tries to take a swing at you, but partially because he's so high up, he cannot move. And because you are so small, you literally just stand there as the swing-- The wind blows your hair back a little bit. But does not find purchase on your body. Completely wasted its turn, well done. All right, so that brings us to you, again. Actually, no. It now goes to everyone else because they have all arrived on the scene now. You guys are all starting to appear. We'll say-- Over this area. So, who's going first? All right. Everyone all together, now. All together, now! He's considered a giant. All right, so we have 25 to 20? 25 to 20. 20 to 15. 15 to ten. Okay. MARISHA AND All right, so Percy and Keyleth. All right, so, ten to five. Ten to five? You're an eight, all right. We got Vex-- All right, that is almost everyone. Who-- One! Yeah, Scanlan! All right, Tiberius and Pike, you're up first. As you guys rush on the scene, seeing this creature being currently crushed by the semi-ethereal, giant arcane fist of Scanlan. Pike, Tiberius, what are you doing? Okay, so you're going to use your Aqua Sphere? All right, what is the effect on Huge creatures? What it officially says? Watery Sphere. So as you create the sphere around it, the water forms around its physical form. It doesn't seem to be affecting it. It's large and strong enough to the point where it's thrashing, because he's holding it in place, but the sphere is just having no effect. He does. There are cleaner portions of his flesh. This creature's a little larger than what you're used to capturing with a sphere. This is an ogre! Essentially. He's much cleaner! (laughs) All right. Pike, what you got? You what? Okay. Okay, all right, so you're creating a Spiritual Weapon. We'll say this can be considered just an additional grapple. All right. Good to know. So you create it. I'll just use this as the Spiritual Weapon, in his space, currently. It begins to wrap around him rapidly. One, two, three, four. And finds purchase on its own self, holding it in place. So, there we go. Do you want to move with your turn, or you want to stay there? You're right here. As a note, real fast, guys. Let's see if we have the-- No, I want to make sure we have the laser pointers for you guys. Everyone forgets those. All right. I have one, here. All right, so we have two over there? All righty. Good to know. Thank you for your patience. For the purpose of what you want to do with this grappling hook, it's not going to do any damage to him. It's just going to be an additional grapple to him, holding him in place. All right. That brings us to Grog. You can talk but it comes through in single words, and usually not in a diplomatic way. Grog. Next after this is Vax. It's a little late for that, unfortunately. He's ahead of you. Go ahead and make a persuasion roll with disadvantage. So, the bound, twisted, malformed, giant creature that's currently held by ethereal rope and ethereal hand, glances over at you for a second. And you swear, you hear a chuckle. (chuckles) And spits a basketball-sized loogie onto the ground in front of you. I would say that diplomatic attempt on him would be your action. You would be raging as a bonus action. Okay, do you want to move as well? All right. That gets us to Vax. It's a big 15-foot wall that goes down into this pit. Going stealth, for this, I would say, would be considered part of your move. It's a disadvantage if you're stealthing while moving. Actually, for you, isn't Hide the stealth ability that you can use as a bonus action? So that would be it, yes. It would be your bonus action to attempt to stealth, yes. Yeah, go for it. That's two Luck points. What did you roll? You don't know if you're stealthed or not. All right. 16 and an 18. Gotcha. All right, cool. So we have an 18 stealth, technically. (sarcastically) So pitiful. As far as you know, you may or may not be hidden. What are you doing? Okay. Yeah. You wouldn't be able to wait. You'd have to wait until next turn. You can't hold part of your turn, you've already taken-- Okay, so are you shimmying along the side? He's 15 feet above you. You're down 15 feet. You would have to throw a dagger to hit him at this point. Okay. Currently bound, kind of easy to see. He's really ugly. You throw a dagger up towards him with your action. You've already used your bonus action to go stealth. What'd you roll? Plus-- Tell me what your final numbers are! Okay, yeah. Both of those, unfortunately miss. You fling both. Unfortunately, the process of jumping down and running, as you chuck it at the end of your movement next to Scanlan, even though he's bound, you're just a little off your game. It just cascades out of sight and then vanishes, appearing back on your belt. That brings us to Percy and Keyleth. You're over here. Okay. 20 hits. Okay. "Arrgh!" (heavy impact) I will-- (laughs) Okay, so, as you shoot off the kneecap, he tumbles forward. Over the edge. This way. Both of you guys make dexterity saving throws. It's a 50-50 shot on which side he fell. Your dexterity saving throw. 17. No, but you're nearly crushed by an extremely large person. All right, Percy, does that end your turn? Okay, Keyleth. He's 15 feet down. You can move up to the edge, here. Look down and see him on the ground, currently restrained and struggling on his back. I'd say you would be able to. Okay. (sings) I'll use this naga figure for that. Leap down? And you're trying to grapple him? All right, so go ahead and roll a d20. What's the strength bonus of the form? What's it say for the constricting? It should have the rule there for it. All right, so you add six to that. Okay. You start moving around and even though he's still struggling in his form, he gets one hand up and is holding you at bay. You have not managed to grapple him yet, but you are in the process of trying to. Next round you can try again. He's pretty strong. Vex. Yep. He looks-- There's been a lot of grappling this past round. He took a lot of damage before everyone else showed up and it's been just a lot of holding him. You can't see him right now, because he's fallen. All right. And now you see him on the ground. All right. Both of these shots are at disadvantage, because there's Keyleth currently trying to wrap around him as a giant snake. So just each attack with disadvantage. That hits. Second attack. Secondary Sleep arrow. All right. Go to sleep, go to sleep, go to sleep! 17 also hits. All right, so go ahead and roll damage on the first arrow, with your Hunter's Mark damage. All right. 16, okay. And then go ahead and roll 5d8 for the Sleep arrow. Yeah, wasn't a critical hit, sorry. 22? As the arrow sinks into him, you see him struggling against both the snake form and Bigby's Grasping Hand. As it struggles and throws about, the grappling hook tightens on its form-- Now she has one. So, for the moment, combat is paused. You guys do what you need to, but be aware that every period of time, he's going to be making saving throws. Clarota steps forward and goes, "I can, for a short period of time, or I could just take its mind." "I would then have its memories and knowledge at my disposal." "Until it resists the influence." "For eight hours, no. Nothing in my repertoire lasts that long, which is why I say let "me take his mind." "I'm hungry." The creature begins to flutter its eyes for a second. Clarota immediately looks down and puts his hand out and releases a force of arcane sparkles that cover its body, and it falls back asleep. You don't know much about drow poison. Go ahead and make a nature roll. 20? You know that drow poison, for the most part, would not facilitate keeping something alive. Okay. You go ahead and glance over the top. It drops down about 20 feet in what looks to be a series of long rusted-over, metallic spikes. Whatever this pit was previously used for was almost like a gladiatorial experience. You can see what looks like some clusters of old, ancient bones at the bottom. Mostly seen disuse for hundreds of years. So what are you guys doing? How long does Geas take to cast? Okay. You can certainly try. We'll see how long you guys can keep him restrained. Right. As you guys are getting the chains around him, he maintains his slumber. You guys continue to bring the chains around. It's a big body and there's a lot to get around. How much chain do you guys have total, by the way, length-wise? 150 feet of chain. Okay. You get the chain-- full length of chain around his torso area. You start getting it around his legs, you start pulling the rope around. He begins to wake up once again. He begins to thrash about. He rolls a two to break against the chain. He's currently still grappled. Clarota releases another Sleep spell. Okay. You take one of your eight fancy robes you had kicking in the Bag of Holding. It is probably the nicest thing this creature has ever worn. Just keep that in mind. You finish restraining him with the chains. Who's doing what? Perception check. 24? You do see what looks like some sort of mild glimmer of metal that amongst all the rest of the weapons and armor that have been destroyed down there, one seems to have resisted the age, that has stayed. There is nothing to find purchase for, here. It's just a pit. Okay. Keyleth, you're casting? All right, so we'll say-- We'll get there. It takes you a full minute to cast it. Every round he gets to resist the Sleep spell. Actually, no. This spell just puts them straight to sleep. So, this spell, he is asleep for the duration. You finish your Geas spell. All righty. All right, so we have Geas. So it has to make a wisdom saving throw. So what is the DC? Spell DC. Yes. 18, all right. As the Sleep spell wears off, his eyes begin to flicker and you see the strength flexing in his muscle form. As you hold the axe there, his one slashed but, you know, not bleeding in this moment, eye. It seems that a lot of the fancy robe has absorbed whatever was oozing from it. He glances down at you. In this horrible, guttural series of phrases and consonants (speaks Undercommon). Anyone speak Undercommon? The two of you-- You do. He says, essentially, "What have you done? What do you need?" Its eye, slowly, tweaks over back towards Keyleth. "What do you ask of me?" The giant takes a moment, and his head nods slowly, like-- Kind of, yeah. (laughter) All right. He looks down at the chains and looks expectantly at you. He seems to be in agreement. Best you can tell. You get the chains off and as each hand is free, he (grunts) shakes it free. All you kind of jump back for a second and places it on the ground and stands up to his full height around you. I'll assume that you're no longer a naga as you cast a spell. Eventually, he gets to his full height and stands there looking down at all of you. Kind of glancing around, grabs the large, hardened piece of wood and stone that he's fashioned this club out of and glances and says to you. You translate for her. "Where?" Slings the club onto his shoulder with a hefty (impact sound). You all feel the actual impact on his body, just the nearby presence, the air around him being pushed. Looks at you for a second. Looks back to Keyleth and gives a solid nod and just stands there. His hand reaches down and completely envelops your fist. And just pulls away. Jerky is gone from your hand and you feel, probably, a few scales went with. Just glares at you. The big eye squints in confusion at the tiny thing. And just keeps licking the remnants of beef jerky off his fingers that it just robbed Tiberius of. All right, so the two of you guys move towards the pit. You're what, now? You are-- Okay. You hold on, you get down. The spikes, now that you are up close, you can see, are about five and a half feet in length. At the base, about that wide. And pretty nasty, jagged, covered in whatever rust, soot, ash found its way there. It's nasty times. It's going to be a little careful to get in there without hurting yourself. Go ahead and make just a straight dexterity check. 25. You manage to, Mission Impossible-style, swing underneath, grab the rope. You manage to keep yourself at a lithe, side angle where you reach between two of the jagged spikes. Reach down and grab this metal pole that was shining. Pull it out and it's an intricate gold and bronze javelin. 23. Okay. Pass it on to Grog. All right, so. You guys now stand on the outskirts of Yug'voril. We're a little ways from Yug'voril and the fungal forests. In the distance, you can barely see the dull, greenish glow of what encompasses the top of the temple. What is your plan of action, as you've now bound a Fomorian to your will? Well, this will be more of a-- Yeah, this would be a-- This will be just a nature check. Foh-morians. Foh-morians. What'd you roll? All right. Between you and your understanding of the Underdark, as well, you manage to suss out a Fomorian is a long-cursed species of giant that lives in the Underdark, specifically. That's why its form is so malformed and physically messed up. They are inherently very evil, very selfish creatures and the fact that you even have it in your presence says well of your magic, but also means it's probably very, very, very minimal in its control or ability to really help you unless it absolutely has to. So. Sometimes things might want to take damage, depending on what you tell it to do. Just saying you're riding a very fine line keeping this thing not thrashing and smashing your head right now. You ask in Undercommon? The best you can get out of his response is the equivalent of, "I don't really know or care. I "hunt. I find things that wander too far from this city. And occasionally squash a dwarf or two." Kima, looking at him, says, "I'm not sleeping next to him." Her eyes, for a moment, seem to dart to your shoulder where you had previously shown her your awkward, purple, third nipple. "I'm fine, Scanlan, but I-- I appreciate the offer?" Meaning, not him, individually. His actual species long ago. It was a line of giants that was cursed by the Fae to be this horrible form. Best that you understand, not a lot of study has gone into the breathing apparatuses of certain aberrations and the few that have been close enough to a beholder haven't really tested that theory. The top has the brass crossbar. Some sort of translucent material that fills in the parts that aren't the brass. It appears to be. To where you want the pillar to come out of, yeah. All right, so, to bring the map on top, here. Where you guys currently reside, which is this portion here. You imagine, based on the distance you traveled, you have about a mile or so before you get to the city. Maybe a little over a mile. Actually probably a mile and half before you get into the city, which is about two miles from the temple. It's already been attempted to be healed this day. Yeah, it's like a once a day kind of thing. Okay. So you take a bit of the swirling, yellow, orange-ish viscous fluid out of-- You place it against some organic matter, which, you find somewhere in the vicinity, partially rotted chunks of-- -- flesh from the pile the Fomorian was sleeping on. As you place it on, it blackens the flesh around it. There is a sizzling sound. Which organic matter? Which inorganic matter? So you're putting it on? (shouts) Google will answer that at the break! So, as you take a dab of it and you place it on the rusty instrument, which actually looks like some weird hooked crowbar-type implement. The rust immediately cleans off and the metal underneath begins to slowly warp and bend and then dissolve at the place where you dripped it. Placing it on the sapphire, it kind of coats it, slips off and begins to burn the ground around the sapphire. Clean it off. It looks like there are very, very minor pockmarks across the surface, but yeah. Essentially what you had seen in the vision was, within this room, there is that giant brass, gold, bronze-looking structure that, almost like an upside-down Christmas tree, it comes to a spiraling point above the Elder Brain pool, which is in a raised platform in the center of the room. To one side, there are two large cages that contain what look like some sort of skinless creatures that are currently being experimented on. On the far end of that room, there is a table that was set up with implements. This is probably in the process of what K'Varn has been, just having fun toying with flesh. On the opposite side of the room, it was shrouded in darkness and that was where you saw K'Varn reveal itself out of the shadow. Which, at this point as you say that, Clarota goes, "That is not an option." "It is a powerful entity, but it has its limits in its currently weakened form." Clarota is currently stepping back with a look of confusion. At the term 'Clarence', you see the tentacles go. "I do not know. I was not around when it was created. I didn't know it existed until you saw "it. I have not been in the city in months. Nearly a year." It's a series of-- The way you saw it, it is a cluster of brains that are kind of merged together into one large, hivemind mound. LIAM AND Yeah, less a crystal and more a metallic structure. It's a slowly, like a spiraling mass of metallic pipes, tubes, metal bands that just slowly twists and comes to a gradual point, like an upside-down Christmas tree. It could carry a Grog and that's about it. All right, so you guys take an evening of rest. We'll take this as our break. Our little quick ten-minute break, guys. We'll make it quick so we can get back to this, because we have a lot to try and cram into this evening. So we'll see you guys shortly. Wait, do we have a-- Yes. Thank you so much! Yeah. I think you should keep it. It has a dragon. I think the mouse is actually-- Keyleth, so the staff-- I will say if we're pushing to go to a dance party after this, since this is maybe a climatic, slightly overtime game, then we got to take a very short break. See you guys here in a second. Welcome back! Yeah, we hit 3,000 on the break! (cheering) So, back to the game at hand. You all, after an evening of taking turns resting the best you can, nothing catches your eye, although occasionally you see a little bit of movement, very slow movement just outside of your main light radius along the edge of the top of the pit you guys slept in. Just kind of fade in and out, something just drifted away. Eventually you all come to. Your Fomorian friend is just sitting there in a very unfriendly, aggressively passive manner, just staring at the rest of the group. Expectantly. He takes it in his hand. Which to him looks like a small mug. He peels the top of it off, breaking the wood. (gulps) (shattering noise) Make a wisdom saving throw. Should you choose to, you manage to resist the urge to fly into a rage and smash your axe into the face of this entity. You bite your lips, you can taste the blood in your mouth. Okay! As Grog rushes up in a blur of angry motion, you see a trail of froth in the corners of his mouth as his head comes colliding into the giant. I'm going to say for this, go ahead and make an athletics check. Can you check for me? So, as Grog runs up, full-force angrily slams his goliath-skull into this large Fomorian Underdark giant, you hear what sounds like a clap of thunder nearby, and you swear for a second, one of the two heads are about to crack or explode from the sheer force of the impact. You see Grog, whose head is approximately a fifth the size of this entity, has hit it with force so strong that in that breathless moment you're waiting for Grog to scream out in pain with blood pouring down his face. However, it is the Fomorian who reels back from the force of the blow, his giant eye closing in severe pain before he falls onto his back. Stunned. (groans) As Grog stands over staring down at it, it's only partially reminiscent-- and in your fury you didn't realize that you shouted at it in Giant. It looks up at you and gives you a nod of momentary submission, as you step off of its body onto the ground walking away extremely furious. Well, that happened. The Mending Wheel continues its process. The Mending Wheel completely forms it into a pure, untouched, perfect, empty cask. You roll medicine and what level healing you want to use. You guys just rested. Everyone's spells are back at full. Just keep in mind what spells you want to have prepared, and keep in mind what may be ahead of you. So be sparing, I recommend. It looks like it's had advancement. Rolled 20 for medicine? All right, and what level healing spell are you going to use? Just keep in mind the battle you may have ahead of you. So 1d8 plus five. Mark off a level one spell casting. Okay. So, that, and the medicine check, part of the scarring from the lava burns that still remains, begin to heal over. Most of the scars are gone. You're on the cusp of getting past your disadvantage, but not quite yet. All right. What's the plan? Gives you advantage on your dexterity checks. No, and skills that are dexterity-based. So stealth would have an advantage, which is nice. All right, so, we have Scanlan. There we go. Look at these guys here on the new carpet. So, as you guys hold place. The two of you drift into the air. Just the two of you. The two of you hop onto the carpet and begin to slowly ride up past the treetops of the nearby fungal forest. As you curve upward into the air-- -- you get a very fine view of the city proper. You can see a lot of these buildings in the outskirts of the city are rubble. They have fallen in on themselves. They have collapsed. You can see pieces of foundation and ceilings and rooftops that have caved in. And right in the center of the city is a very easy-to-see temple. Which, in itself, is essentially a pyramid with a flattened top. There is that dull, greenish glow that seems to just slowly trickle around the very top of the temple. As you are just starting to crest over the top of the outskirts of the city proper, I'd say about here. Are you guys going over the city? Are you following the outskirts? What's your plan of recon? You guys are currently now moving this way. All right. Both of you roll stealth. With advantage. He has advantage. 14, 18. Okay. So, you guys begin to crest around, and you look down and it's very, very dark. There are what looks like these greenish spores that found pockets in the city that give off light. This very, very faint luminescence within the city, and they get thicker and thicker and cluster and make the center of the city more bright and easier to make out the details of. You don't know if these were placed there or if they naturally grew there and just add the ambiance to it. But what you see in that little bit of light as you glance down are many figures walking and moving through the city. You can see humanoid-sized individuals gliding through the city. 20, 30, 50 illithid visible in one section of the city. Each carrying two to three slaves each. Some trolls, ogres, other dwarves, other creatures of the Underdark that at this distance you cannot make out their form, but there is, essentially, a thriving community down here of mind flayers. Some of them, it's hard to tell where they're going but there are some going to and from the temple carrying small satchels or boxes. As they glide-- Or, actually, they wouldn't be carrying it. Their slaves would be carrying for them and they're keeping alongside them. As you continue around the side here, you start getting more into the ruined area and this part of the town itself, on this side, is mostly nonfunctional. It's abandoned and you can see the repurposed city construction by this colony has started in the center and over the past few hundred years or as long as it's been here, it's slowly building and repairing outward. As you crest around this side, you can see a far ruin about another half mile to a mile off from where you are, too far away to catch any details of it. You cruise around this side, and you hear this squeaking sound, this (squeaks), and you glance up, and you see what looks like a cluster of bats moving to the top of the cavern. They're almost buzzing you guys in the head, up above, ten, 20 feet ahead of you, they're just coming back and forth over you. You guys take it a little lower to kind of get away from that. Eventually the bats stop harrowing you. You find your way back around. Come to rest back at the camp. It was around this section, here. You saw, in this portion of the city, which is the only one example. The best you can see around this, this whole intersection right around the temple is pretty fairly populated with mind flayers and their slaves. Clarota puts the thought in your mind immediately, basically, this very strong realization that, "Without the town freed, I have no leverage with my people." Kima has finished wrapping the leather on the handle of the great maul that she's holding. Grasps it in her hands, her armor freshly polished after waking up this morning. Looks at the rest of you and says, "Are you ready to walk into the great halls of the warrior minds before us?" ORION AND Kima looks at you for a second, and pulls her own holy symbol out and says, "The guidance of "Bahamut has not steered me astray, as of yet. And your deity also has brought you down here for a "great cause. I think, as long as they're both looking over us, and we are straight and true with "our intent, we shall be fine. As far as the tactics, they seem sound, as long as we can "maintain the element of surprise. I feel that if that is given up, we may have to improvise. "Improvisation scares me." "So everything we can possibly do to maintain a very quiet arrival is going to be the "key to success in this." "Does anyone have a net?" Clarota motions for a second and says, "We also have to consider this temple has doorways in "and out. This chamber that K'Varn has taken has ways to be opened and outside forces in. Do we "have a way to seal these entrances if we are to do this fight, so we don't have any additional "visitors?" K'Varn thinks for a second and says-- "There are, if I recall, two doors to the room. Not large." "Not if you damage the device." "If the device is damaged, he no longer has sway over the illithid." "Perhaps." Divination. Oh, you mean Divine Inspiration? That happens the moment you use it. Yes. It's not so much, "Hey god, come with me." It's more like, "Please help me right now." Something may happen that turns the tide. Maybe in the battle. Like, the moment you need the help is the moment it will happen, most likely. Because of the rushed nature of this, go ahead and make a roll. Roll a d10, add it to the roll. Nine? As you're attempting to fashion it to the arrow, unfortunately, the vial shatters in your hand. You take three points of acid damage. It happens at the process of you setting it up. Based on the roll you made. Better to get them out of the way now, then. Kima gives a nod to that and is like, "I'm useless at that range, but we have a few members "of the party that excel at that." Clarota pipes up and says, "The two other doors are accessible from only within the temple. "If you had two parties to enter the two other doors, they would have to go through the entire "subfloor, find a way up, which you're welcome to try, but who knows." That was all Clarota had to add to that. Yep. Kima lobs her maul on her shoulder and gives you a look and says, "Yes, this day we save "Kraghammer, Cliffkeep Mountains, and quite possibly, the future of Tal'Dorei. But if we fall, "others will come to try and finish our journey." "Either way, we do this as heroes, we do this together, for Vox Machina." She puts her hand out in the center. Clarota slowly hovers towards the center. These terrible, long, lanky fingers almost wrap around the cluster of hands at the top. Cold and nasty. Trinket comes up and nuzzles in the center. Kima, once more, says, "For Vox Machina!" So, what is the process, here? It's about, I'd say, 20 foot by 20 foot. So it's a pretty wide square. Enough for all you guys. Oh yeah, there's like a five-foot wall on the edge. Clarota turns to you slowly and says, piercing in your mind with a force of honesty and almost condescending essence, "You will make it ten feet before the "brain is pulled from your skull." The Fomorian stands up. The Fomorian stands up with his club and looks to you and says, in Undercommon, "What do "you need?" Licks the side of his giant club, which you can see is covered in this horrible mixture of moss and rotting entrails from whatever he smashed the other evening. Licks it off, and goes, "Eat. "All right." (grunts) Like slams his chest. Most confused-looking mouse you've ever seen. If there could be an expression of, "What "the fuck?" on a mouse, it's on that one. Who's on the carpet? All right. (laughter) Trinket can't be on the carpet. Trinket's too heavy for the carpet. Keyleth, are you hawk, carrying the gnomes? You can fit six people on the carpet. No. (laughter) Boulder falls, smashes party. (laughter) So, first shift is-- Kima looks you dead in the face and says, "Regardless of what your plans are, I'm bringing "this hammer onto the head of that foul abomination." "I know I will not survive this. But I will be damned if I don't dent its face before I go." "Noted." "Second trip. First, be quiet." Too heavy, unfortunately. It's a big bear. As you're having this discussion, Trinket comes over. Rubs his nose along you, and gives you a look of, like a very stern stance of, essentially, the feeling is Trinket wants to be by your side for this. Mm-hm. Grog is not strong enough to carry a bear and you on a Fly spell. You can try. There's a good chance he might drop Trinket on the way over. From that height, which would be a splatter bear. Kind of, yeah. From flying over there on the carpet, at its full speed-- I'd say it'd take about 20 minutes or so. 15 minutes. The carpet isn't extremely fast. All right. So. So, first batch. Vex, Vax, Percy, Scanlan, Grog is flying. All right. Grog's there. And, we'll say Clarota will go with you guys because Clarota can stealth. Kima will stay back. Good. All right. As you guys all continue forward. Let's see. Keyleth, are you going with them? All right. Okay. Everyone on the carpet make a stealth check. Clarota goes invisible. Hmm? Yes it is. You add ten to it. There you go. 18 total? All right. Okay. You guys make your way-- -- over to the temple. The bats don't seem to take any notice of your passage. You find your way slowly coming towards the temple. That dull, eerie green glow towards the top. The carpet finds its way just along the edge to the point where you can safely step off on that little five-foot-wide section of walkway that surrounds the glass top. And you do see it. It is a relatively large, see-through, almost glass-like substance. It's hard to say. It looks like glass. It's about a good three inches thick, and the metal beams themselves are bolted into the stone itself. Yep. And Grog slowly flies over and meets up with you guys. Yeah. Did you roll a stealth check? Yeah. Okay. So, you guys are left at that point, now. Go ahead and make a perception check. Actually no, this would be investigate. Yeah. All right. You gather, best that you can, that the metal itself is essentially bolted overtop onto the stone. If you were to run the acid along where the metal is overlapping and bolted down on the top, that would weaken it significantly. The stone itself is not going to help much, but where that boundary is, where it's essentially clamped, that area right there is going to be where you want it to put a bleed through and coat. All right, are you going back for the others? All right. Are you guys just standing carefully on the edge? Okay. All right. Tiberius, you head back? All right. Eventually grabbing the rest of the group here. All righty. Pass without a Trace, second time. Thank god. (laughter) As you say that, Trinket, suddenly, straightens trajectory a little bit and starts finding this awkward zig-zag. But nevertheless is finding some sort of purchase in this strange, flying environment. You can see, if a bear could have an expression, it'd be bewilderment, confusion, and slowly trickling into joy. As you all begin to drift back over towards the center of the city, if I can get a stealth check from everybody, including Trinket. Plus ten. Everybody on the second trip. All right. All right. All right. And for Trinket? As Trinket continues floating behind the carpet, you hear this familiar (bat squeaks)-- -- sound as a cluster of bats begin to descend from a darkened portion over the cavern. They're about 60 feet back. About 60 feet. Go make a persuasion check. It doesn't matter what you roll, you can't persuade bats. They're bats. I know, but you can't persuade bats. But you can't persuade bats. I was just fucking with her. Oh! I did not hear that. I thought you were just trying to do that. (laughter) I somehow missed that phrase or that never came up in the conversation. Anybody else hear Speak with Animals as a spell? Okay, I missed that. Okay, so. So, what was your persuasion roll, then? 18, okay. Okay, now this comes into play. Good. I somehow missed the spell. This was a really funny moment of Keyleth in my head, I was like, "What is-- Okay." Okay, the cluster of bats, you can see, there is this odd, green glow around them that is slightly reminiscent of the top of the temple. They seem to shudder in place as you're giving off this strange series of squeaks and echo-based sounds. And they seem briefly rattled. As opposed to going away, they just stay in place as you guys drift further and further away. You don't know what that means, but-- You're not getting chased. Eventually you guys come down. You're now landing around the outskirts of this. You stay on the carpet, all right. So. What are you doing? While they were off, what were you doing, there, Percy? Okay. Who has the mouse, by the way? Okay. All right. All right. Make a stealth check. 23. Okay. You take-- No. No, it's smooth, stone surface surrounding this glass top. Percy, as you've placed the acid around the two sides, you kind of slowly move around and trickled along where the metal beams reach the stone. The acid is having an effect, but it's a very slow-- Arcana check. I mean, there is a magical aura to the metal itself. It does not seem to be protective in nature. It is more of a, best you can tell, a transmutation-based magic. Probably something that is directly affiliated with how-- The effect it's having on the Elder Brain. You use a tiny bit and it does hit the metal with a (sizzle) and begins to dissolve the metal. But the actual metal material also balances the acid with a little bit. So essentially, you begin carving into it, but the little bit you use doesn't keep burning through it. Burns to a certain point, and then just loses its acidity. You make your way about halfway through the vial before that one platform you feel is about halfway or more dissolved through. Stealth check. It's built in a way that's almost smooth entirely of the top. Like, the construction-- 29? Okay. So you empty the rest of the yellow vial on the other side. You can see the actual metal-- The area where you dip it, the kind of yellowish liquid hits this, kind of, smooth shiny bronze color and the leftover material is this, like, thick, horrible dark green color the way the two mix and dissolve. You empty the last of the vial and the other beam gets about halfway dissolved through before eventually the last of it's used up. All right. As he releases it, this rod is now stuck in mid-air, anchored permanently until removed by a click in that position. Okay, make a stealth check. All right, so. You've dissolved a portion of the two metal beams on each side. You guys have a mouse, kind of tied to an arrow. What's the plan? Okay. You understand the spell Heat Metal is less of a localized damaging the metal. What it does is just causes a metal structure to, in itself, become hot. You would not be able to necessarily damage the metal with it. What you would do is you'd be able to weaken it universally, possibly, with enough heat. It's not like a blowtorch or anything. So you're attempting to pop? Kima looks there and says, "At a certain height, I imagine it would work." The Fomorian, you imagine, probably weighs, oof. I'd say three to five tons. I'd say about three tons. Investigation check. Looking at the sections of the beams that you've damaged, the thickness of the plane and the metal bars, the part where they attached-- You're not getting a full view, 'cause you're not actually looking in the room yet. Everyone's avoided looking in the room at this point. But you gather, with enough speed and enough weight, this thing would break and hinge pretty easily. So Tiberius on the carpet? Tiberius, you take the mouse in your hand. And for a second, it's adorable until the smell hits you. You all sit around the edge, like, keeping out of view. You can see a little bit of faint light coming through the glass. As the general green glow that permeates the circumstance. Tiberius slowly lifts up-- Okay. As you get overhead, Tiberius, you get the first look into this room. As you glance down inside, you see immediately in the center of the room, the giant brass structure coming to a point above the Elder Brain in the center of the room on the elevated platforms. You see there are two caged sections of the room that contain two, kind of, flesh, skinless, altered creatures that have been subjected to serious tortures by K'Varn. K'Varn floats off in the distance by what looks like some sort of experimentation table containing glass vials and strange, metallic structures. Right here, but first we are gonna go ahead and find-- All right, so everyone. We'll say the group is for the most part up here. There is a flying bear up here. They are working on this side. It would essentially hinge this way. As you glide up, Tiberius, far above, looking down into this. All right, is there any other preparatory spells that want to be cast at this moment? You wanna give Inspiration to people? Do you wanna cast any spells? You are welcome to look over into the glass if you'd like. All right, so that's a d10. You can do that up to four people. d10 inspiration die for you. Either an attack, a saving throw-- I'd recommend saving throw. That's an inspiration dice to you and-- A d10. And Vax, Vax, a d10 inspiration to you as well. Keep track of those guys. These are the only ones you get from the bard this game, because he used them up front. Buff spells that want to be cast at this point in time? Pike, any buff spells you wanna put on? Okay, is Grog the only one you want to cast it on? Yeah, it's not concentration. As many fourth-level spell as you have, you can cast it on different people. It lasts for eight hours. As many 4th-level spells as you have. It's one person per cast. Okay. You cast Blur on yourself. Vax? Vax, okay, so Death Ward. Mark that Death Ward on both you guys. Keep that in mind. I am not gonna keep track of that for you. It means next time you go to zero hit points it brings you to one, then it's gone. All right, guys. You cast Blur on yourself, hold out the mouse, aim. Okay, as the mouse descends out of the middle of the air, the Fomorian goes tumbling down, angrily cascading towards it. With a deafening crash sound, the Fomorian goes slamming into the glass. You hear the cracking and crashing sound of the planes as they shatter. The metal structure-- this horrible breaking, bending sound as they bend inward and slam the inside of the temple. The Fomorian, who's streaking down, slams into the ground from that height, taking-- At that height, he is dead, even at his hit point level, he is right there on the ground. So as that happens, the entire structure tilts to the side. Part of it bends and kinda hits the side of the temple, and whatever strange green glow was at the top of the temple dissipates. All right. You're way up here right now. Start making your way down. All right, everyone roll initiative, because K'Varn turns around immediately, and you hear this very familiar, deep voice echoing from within the chamber "Naughty, naughty. I left the door open for you!" Everyone roll initiative. All right, so. Go ahead and-- We have 25 to 20, guys? 20 to 15? 19? All right. 15 to ten? Ten to five? What'd you roll? Pike, what'd you get? Pike, seven. Oh man. That was-- No no, that was a "Kima going last." All right. Grog, you're up first. You don't know. It's your turn. Most everyone's behind you, technically. So you land there. All right. Kind of swing around, you end up in that area there. You're-- Ugh, it's hard to hide you. Yeah, he's already landed. So that's your movement. You've landed. You can see, now, the giant beholder standing with his metal plates kind of haphazardly bolted onto its body and a giant horn curving upward in front. The eye focuses on you, its pale blue color looking at you with a menacing anger. The strange sense of joy and playfulness. It's awful to behold. That's all you're doing your turn? Certainly try. Certainly try that. Tiberius. You are coming down as fast as you can on the carpet? You get about halfway to the top of the temple with your turn. Vax. Yeah. That's using your whole round to just fly down with the carpet. Okay. At this distance, you are at disadvantage on the attacks, 'cause it's too far away. So go ahead and-- 16 misses. 21 hits. 17 misses. All right. You do attack before he does this turn. Does that do something with an Assassin? Right, yeah, it's not a surprise. You kind of blew the surprise with the giant Fomorian crashing through the top. So you have one dagger that hit? Okay. All right. He is currently poisoned. All right, that ends your turn? All right. That brings us to Vex. All right, Hunter's Mark is on K'Varn. Okay, so you pull your arrow, your hands shaking slightly as you see this creature now focusing its attention on Grog below. You pull out the arrow, you focus your magical energy. The shaft of the arrow, you know, juts out all these different thorns and you release it below. Go ahead and roll your attack. 29 hits. Are you doing a secondary attack? Go ahead and roll your secondary attack now, just to get it out of the way. All right. You can. 23 hits. So as you release the first arrow, you fire the second one. You pull back and the shaking in the hand is too intense, and as you're about to release it, Pike reaches up and touches your shoulder with her hand and you can feel the surge of Sarenrae guide your arrow. Your hand straightens and your arrow strikes true to K'Varn. Go ahead and roll damage for both. All righty. The damage, right. 18. Okay. Yeah, your bracers give you plus two to all those damage rolls. 19? He is currently bleeding. Gotcha. Keep that in mind. It's currently hanging right now. Seemingly disabled. All right, that ends your turn, Vex. You step back. It's a five-foot space. You're having to like, lean, and as you look back, like, it's a long slope. Okay. All right, so, K'Varn starts K'Varn's turn. K'Varn, now, with like the poison coursing through its body, kind of just looks about and kind of shakes for a second, the eye stalks kind of looking in different directions, and just goes, (laughs) "I want to play." And begins to drift up into the air. K'Varn moves up. At which point, you guys who were ducking down off to the side, K'Varn comes into sight as he drifts up towards the top. No, it's at this angle right here. It's basically, kind of, following the temple ceiling there. So, first things first. It's going to fire its first ray. All right, so. One of the eyes whips around. It aims at-- Let's see. This would be at Percy. Percy, go ahead and make a wisdom-- No, this would be a dexterity saving throw. 24. You manage to just duck out of the way as this kind of whitish-gray beam of energy goes (tsch)! And shoots out from the top of the temple. A secondary ray-- All right. Secondary ray is going to go ahead and fire at-- (sighs) Pike. Another beam of-- Another beam shoots out. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw. 12. Yeah, you can add your Inspiration dice to a saving throw if you'd like. Up to you. All right, so it's a 12, plus a d10. Go ahead and roll a d10. A 14. So, as you bring your shield up to defend, this strange kind of grayish-green ray slams into you and you feel weightless for a moment, as, all of a sudden, you're lifted off your feet and carried down into the chamber, floating, restrained. Unable to move. And you're just kind of floating in midair right there, right now. And then the beam releases you. Go ahead and make an athletics check. With disadvantage, 'cause you're in heavy mail. Acrobatics, technically. Sorry, my fault. Four. All right. All right, you take 23 points of damage as you plummet, slamming on your back on the ground and you're currently prone. The third ray-- All right. The third ray streaks up and is going to slam into you, Vax. Go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw. 24. You see this deep bluish ray come shooting up towards you. You pull out of the way and it slams into a part of the broken metal that's left over. As it hits the metal, you see the metal turn to stone. You manage to just pull out of the way of the blast. That's going to end K'Varn's turn. That brings us to Clarota. Lifts off-- to hover down into the other-- gets to about-- We'll say, for the purposes of this, just for-- 'cause I don't have enough things to put up here. We'll say Clarota eventually-- At his turn-- Float from the bottom. We'll say, we'll say nearby over here. The face-- he's going to go into the Mind Blast. Okay. As Clarota lands next to it, grabs the side of its head and attempts to Mind Blast as a cone in front. K'Varn just turns and laughs in Clarota's face. (laughs) "Your kind has tried so many times." Big old toothy grin pulls across the front of the beholder. That ends Clarota's turn. Percy, you're up. Correct. Oh, the one that knocks him prone? The Wing Shot, I would say that would cause him to plummet a little bit. Not necessarily. Due to the nature, you could lower his current position in the room, but his floating nature wouldn't allow him to necessarily take a lot of damage from that. All right. Okay. Okay. Okay. Will hit. The poison has worn off. K'Varn is still bleeding, currently. So, how many damage for that? Since the rays automatically hit, I'll consider that those who get hit by the rays will have advantage on their saving throw. Okay. The outside over here? Okay. We'll say you're over there. All right, that ends your turn, Percy. Keyleth, you're up. I'd say, at this distance, it's about a good 50 feet at an angle. What are you doing? You're not on the carpet with Tiberius, you're on the edge of the platform. Tiberius is up here. There you go. Athletics check, first. Okay, all right. So you leap off and swan dive-- All right, go ahead and make a grapple check. Roll athletics again, with the earth elemental's strength. Yes. All right. That would be a strength of 20. So it's a plus five to the roll for the athletics check. What is that? Okay. All right, so. You grapple onto K'Varn, holding onto his form. K'Varn is dragged, not entirely to the ground, but is reduced to about that height. So you drag K'Varn, now down to just about like a ten-foot height. And is currently grappled on as K'Varn is like (grunts). Pike, it's your turn. Yeah. You're prone on the ground, so you might want to get up. Yeah. You use it once and you can't use it again for the rest of the day. That's your action. You ask what kind of intervention you want, what kind of aid you want and then I decide how that functions. All right. Okay, what's Sacred Flame do? Flame Strike, that's a horse of a different color. All right, so. 5th-level Flame Strike, coming out. A ten-foot radius and a 40-foot high platform. Where are you creating it? What are you doing? Pike, what are you doing? Guiding Bolt? All right. Guiding Bolt? Level one Guiding Bolt. All right, make a ranged spell attack against K'Varn. It is at a disadvantage because K'Varn is currently grappled. You rolled twice? Take the lower one. It's a 15, still? Total of 15? So you rolled a 15, and what's your spell attack? Your spell page? That does hit. All right, so on a hit the target takes 4d6 radiant damage and the next attack roll made against it has advantage, so go ahead and roll 4d6. 16 damage. All right. So the next attack on him is at advantage. As a reaction, he's going to use one of his legendary actions on its turn to-- as it gets hit and dazed-- one of its eyestalks bends over again, the same one that hit you last time is going to attempt hit you again. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw again. 14. The ray slams into you again and you feel yourself lift off your feet as the beam throws you across the room, slamming into the bars on the side. As you hit them, the impact doesn't do enough damage, but suddenly these two giant, fleshy arms reach through the bars and grab you and pull you against them. You take-- Nine points of crushing damage. Yes, and you are currently grappled and held against the bars. That ends the legendary action. And I think you've used your movement to get up. That's your turn. That gets us to Scanlan. So, Scanlan, as you hold over the edge, you look down and you pull out the scroll and begin reading it, hopefully the arcane language will come to you. Bits of it seem familiar. I need you to go ahead and roll a d20 and add your ability modifier, which is five. Ten plus five? The difficulty is 15. As you finish muttering the spell, the actual scroll disappears in your hand and bursts into this strange array of purple color that then coalesces and releases with such force that you're nearly blown off the top of the temple. A bolt of energy shoots out, slams into K'Varn-- I'm gonna look up Chain Lightning here. 10d8 lightning damage. K'Varn does make saving throw, so it's half damage. 24? SAM AND 44! Okay, half that is 22 damage to K'Varn. I will say you choose the targets. Oh, not targets. It's as many as three other targets. You can choose not to affect your allies on this. But you must be within 30 feet of the target. Which, yeah, both of those would be. Yeah, if you want. All right. Okay, 22 damage to that guy. And 44 to him. He does not make his saving throw. He's looking pretty rough. All right, this brings it-- that the end of your turn? And a move. No, unless it says it's a bonus action. All right. Kima runs around to where you're on the side. Grabs the rope from you and says, "I "need to do what my destiny tells me to." Takes the rope, and rappels down. Lands there. She is going to go ahead and use her action-- If I get into combat-- She's going to cast Aura of Vitality on herself, which allows her as a bonus action to heal allies within 30 feet of her. And Pike's within-- over there. She casts the spell. Grabbing her holy symbol, this white light consumes her body for a second and creates this kind of gentle 30-foot radial area of divine energy. And she looks over at you. Go ahead and-- You heal eight points of damage. No, just-- She can choose one person per turn. All right, that finishes Kima's turn. At the top, Grog, you're up. Pike is still being grappled, yes. You won't know until you get there. It's kind of hard to tell. He's ten feet up. You're 8'7. With a great axe, you can reach. 27 hits. Yeah, roll the attacks now. 22 hits. Hits. To the ground. 21. Each of those attacks is reduced by one because your axe is currently not magical in the front of his anti-magic cone. I got those numbers for you. You already-- Those were three strikes. Oh, it's 20-- Sorry, I heard twenty-- 21, 29, 17, sorry. So that was-- The first attack was 20-- 39? 13. Okay, gotcha. Okay, cool. All right. That brings us to the end of your turn. Tiberius, you just now get, using your full turn, you can get to where everyone else is. It's not your speed, it's the speed of the carpet. The carpet moves at a consistent speed. Okay. Okay, so you'll be hanging over there? All right. That brings us to Vax. There is one rope, currently, that is attached to the Immovable Rod, yes. You are about 50 feet up right now. Okay, so you grab the rope, leap out in that direction. Catching yourself at 25 feet. That's going to be your movement for this whole thing. So you reach up, you grab it. Go ahead and make an athletics check. As you leap off the platform, one of the ropes in your hand, your fingers clutch the rope, and you can feel the pain as the rope-burn burns through your gloves. But you still hit that point in time where you latch on at the perfect moment. For a second, you look right into the face of K'Varn. Swing back, and then come forward again. Straight towards-- Remember, your daggers right now are not magical. Your daggers are not magical. That hits. All right. That wasn't your hit, that was your attack. That was your-- All right. 14 does not hit, no. All right. You are, like, now on the rope on the end of a front swing, holding onto it. As its final lair-- Final legendary action this turn, as you slam into it with the Sneak Attack, your dagger pulls out as the rope begins pulling you backward. One of the rays turns to you. I need you to go ahead and-- Let me roll here. All right. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Total 20? All right. You-- The kind of pinkish ray slams into your side and you feel for a second the entire room's color shift as if all of your allies turn red for a second, and anger fills your body, and you shrug it off. You feel the color fade as your backswing pulls you back. Kind of floating right in the middle there. Put you there for the time being. All right, that brings us to Vex. All right. You have disadvantage on this attack 'cause you have an earth elemental currently clutching-- 19 just hits. All righty, nice. Okay. What was that? That's gonna miss. So as the first arrow slams into it, sprays off, and manages to pierce the side that doesn't impact Clarota or your druid, second arrow splinters off the inside of the temple room. All right? Yeah, if you want. Technically, if you're still maintaining concentration on that. No no, you cast Blur. So he's no longer flying. Yep. Okay. Trinket's already ducking. All right, that brings us to K'Varn's turn. K'Varn takes ten damage from the bleed. Poison wore off. All right, so. So let me see, what was-- What effect is giving him disadvantage? Right, from your head shot. Awesome. All right, so. The first thing he's going-- All right, so, one beam turns around and sprays this pitch-black ray that careens across the room. This one is going to slam into-- Let's see where it goes. All right, that's going to hit Percy. It arcs up. I need you to go ahead and make a--- Cover, unfortunately, for these doesn't make a difference. Rays are magical instant. Need you to make a dexterity saving throw with advantage. Yeah, you manage to pull out of the way. A secondary ray that's black as well but seems to be just pinned with shadow that is pulled out of the air around it, actually gives off this strange buzzing sound as it (vrrrrr) across the room. It's going to go for Grog. Grog, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. With advantage. Saving throw at the top of your-- 15? You try and move out of the way but the beam hits you on the side of your torso. You feel a familiar sensation, back when that proto-lich was drawing the life force from you from the phylactery that was sewn in your chest. I need you-- Nope. You take 55 points of damage. All right. And this time, a pale greenish ray comes streaking across. This one's going to be aimed at Scanlan. Go ahead and make a dexterity save with advantage. 18. That's true. Yeah. So you duck out of the way and the beam just (shhh) past you. As it hits part of the stone nearby you, wherever the beam hits the stone, the stone is just no longer there. It's like it just carved through it. Very similar to what Queen Ulara did to the top of the throne room. As movement, K'Varn's going to try and break your grapple. Go ahead and make another athletics check. Keyleth, athletics check. Roll, plus five. Roll, plus five. d20 plus five. 15? K'Varn pushes you off, you lose your grip and fall, onto your feet, but onto the ground there. K'Varn then goes-- No, no. That's only for your saving throws. K'Varn is then going to go ahead and glide back up. No, actually it's going to be like that. That is going to end K'Varn's turn. K'Varn saves against the bleed, is no longer bleeding, and he just starts laughing. (laughs) As you see, like, black energy seeping in around. And you can see visible wounds that Grog has left are slowly stitching. That brings us to Clarota, who is still kind of hovering in levitation. Clarota comes to the ground and lands, looks up, the tentacles pull back, brings one hand down and the arcane sigils you've seen appear on the hands both light up. And then releases a bolt of lightning energy up into the air towards K'Varn. Okay, K'Varn does make his dexterity saving throw. Takes half-damage on that. That is 18 points of lightning damage. And he's going to move back to there. At the end of Clarota's turn, legendary action. He's going to use the secondary ray. The ray is going to be-- All right. Streaming up towards the top again. Scanlan, I need you to go ahead and make a strength saving throw. Three rays on its turn and then it gets to make three individual ray attacks on other people's turns. Advantage, until your next turn. Unfortunately, it isn't an attack roll. With advantage. So a familiar beam streaks up, kind of a deep green color slams into you. And you feel yourself chucked off the top, restrained, and then pulled down with severe force into the center of the temple. And then the beam releases you. You go slamming into the ground. Go ahead and make an acrobatics roll. You have advantage because of your dexterity. 19, okay, you manage to reduce the damage from the fall somewhat. You suffer 11 points of damage. Managing to land harshly on one knee and foot. You feel that's going to suck in the morning. That ends Clarota's turn. Percy, you're up. Okay. 29 to hit. Okay. No, you do not. All right. Good I should have done this last round by the way, as a point. I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. You are firing a Bad News on a small five-foot platform on top of a temple. There is kickback on this. I'm just keeping tabs on this. Constitution save to hold your footing because that is a big, loud, powerful kickback blast. 17. It blows you back, but you manage to keep your foot from going over the edge. Keep your footing at the top. And reload with your second attack. All right. Percy, you going to stay where you are or going to move? All right. Okay. Okay, Grog's turn doesn't come for a while, for the next round of combat. So you would throw Grog and then Grog would come back down. Grog is just now coming off this series of frenzied attacks. So you would-- No, unfortunately it's just out of reach. Hold your turn, all right. 'Til Grog's? All right. Keyleth out of the line. Back to the top of the next round. Pike, you're up. You're currently (grunts). You can, yeah, you just can't move. As a movement, you can break the grapple if you want to. Make an athletics check, with disadvantage because you're in plate mail. Holds on to you and you take three points of crushing damage as the arms are still pulling you against the top. It rolled really poorly. You still have one action and a bonus action should you choose to use them. All right. 3d8 plus five. 20. 20 hit points to six creatures in a 30-foot radius. So you can get Grog, Scanlan, Keyleth. Centered on that point, to each target-- I'd say you can do it on yourself, yeah. So 20 hit points to Grog, to Scanlan, to Keyleth. No, she heals you. If you're full, you're fine. All right. I think that's your turn, Pike. Scanlan, you're up. You're currently face-down on the ground. Or no, sorry, you're on, like, your hurt knee. You're not prone, you manage to catch yourself up. All righty, let's go ahead and pull this up real fast. How does the-- What's the effect on that one? This is the Forceful Hand? Clenched Fist. All right, so go ahead and make a melee attack with your game statistics. So go ahead and roll d20. Add your strength modifier and your proficiency modifier. Ten. Total of ten? All right. A fist swings down. What you notice is the fist swings, or swings upward, sorry, at K'Varn, who's kind of loosely facing your direction. The fist crosses the front of his cone and dissipates. The spell is nullified. You roll for it. All right. Great. That comes to Kima's turn. Kima, who's now landed and cast that spell on her is going to go ahead and use an ability called Sacred Weapon. She pulls out the hammer and as she brings her hand across it, this divine flame begins to burn around the base of where she's holding it and the giant head of the maul. She steps forward to there. Actually, going to move to the side a little bit, there. That's going to be her turn. She shouts out, "Someone bring it down!" Brings to the top of the round. Grog and Keyleth. All right, athletics check. Actually, no. This is a strength check. So just roll and add five to it. 15. 600 pounds-- Right. I know. I would say, you go ahead and roll a strength check as well, as you're also pushing off of her. 22. Between him pushing off the force of your hands, you manage to move over, leap in the air approximately at his height. Before you plummet, what are you going to do? All right. You reach out. Go ahead and make an athletics check. You grab onto the horn and you're dangling from it right now. Ugh! You can feel, just to the touch of your hand, there's this freezing cold sensation. As you look up, you can see frost beginning to build around the outside of your fingers. It's immediate frostburn on your fingers, but you're holding tight. And you have this giant eye moving in front of you, rapidly looking around angrily. This giant, toothy maw, just behind you, with a tongue lashing about. And this voice, right in your face, going, "Oh, you don't wanna do that, boy." That's your action. What's your bonus action? You can certainly try. Strength check. No, you can do it now, before you know what the answer would be. Add 1d10 to the roll. 16. You grab, you take your feet and you kick off the front. That thing is wedged in there. Your body comes back flat against the Beholder. You see the eyelid has been closed from the impact of your feet, and this horrible snarling sound, "What are you doing?" So that's your turn. At the end of your turn, it's going to go ahead and do another lair-- Lair action on you. Because you're in its face, I'm going to say it would give him advantage. However, that's negated by him so you just have a straight roll on this. I want you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. 19. Damn. For a second, you feel like the force of K'Varn's mind begins to creep over yours, and you feel the urge to suddenly turn to his side. You shrug it off out of just the general fury and anger, realizing that you, wouldn't matter, being raging, are immune to charm effects. All right, that ends your turn. Tiberius? Still over here. Yeah. Go ahead and make a perception check. 20, all right. Looking down, you look about the city streets and what you can see is immediately a swarm of illithids and mind flayers heading towards the temple. All right. Okay, hold on. One turn. All right, so, to get to the bottom of the-- You get 20 feet away, you said, which is, you get about that far at the end of this turn with the magic carpet. So you're about there, I'd say, on the outside. So you then-- You jump off the carpet. You turn, you cast Fly on yourself. You don't know that yet. You imagine you're out in the open, but you don't know if anyone's noticed you yet. Right. But you can only move so fast on the carpet. You come down to the bottom of-- No, you can't just like grab the carpet and go down. You have to jump off the carpet, leaving the carpet behind. It's a really, really-- It's not like a boop! It's a six, it's a 15-foot-by-10-foot carpet. It's very thick. Okay. Just letting you know. You're pretty much going to have to let the carpet go, or take it down slower. So as you coast down, you get to about this point. You said you cast Fly on yourself, or are you just going to go for the Alter Self? Okay. All right, you're now in the form of a mind flayer. Covered in rags, with a big old metallic head piece. As you coast down you can see a group of what looks like three mind flayers with about seven slaves swarming in towards the front of the temple. They haven't quite noticed you yet. About 30 feet from you. They all stop and look up at you. A look of confusion, as mind flayers both do not speak through language, let alone speak Common out loud. You make a persuasion roll. Wait, what'd you say? 20? Plus ten? Plus nine. Okay. There's-- No, there's a really, really, really fine line here. Two of them kind of look at each other confused, and look back. Third one looks up at you. And just continues inside the temple. You didn't get Mind Blasted three times. No, that's your turn, yo. All right. Vax, you're up. You mean K'Varn? All right, with disadvantage on both those attacks because you currently have Grog dangling from the creature. That does hit. Correct, yep. Dagger slams into the bottom. Because you're out of the eye range, returns to your side. End of your turn, it's going to use legendary action. Final ray. All right. This stalk now gives off this weird yellowish-- Like a very faint yellowish see-through color, kind of scoops across the ground, right past you, after you throw the dagger. Go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw. It has stalks everywhere. These stalks aim down. Constitution saving throw. You have advantage, because Percy-- 18? All right. You manage to just dodge out of the way. It crests your arm, and for a second you feel the muscles tense up and then you just shake off the effect. All right, that brings us to Vex. Okay. Make an attack with disadvantage. Total 20? Okay. That hits. Essentially how it works is it works like a Tanglefoot bag. It slams into it. You roll damage for the arrow, and it bursts over him like a giant package of globby, thick glue. Just (pfft). 19 damage. All right. It looks a little goopy. The purpose of the Tanglefoot bag usually is to stick something to something, like a creature on the ground. So he's got goop on him. Doesn't seem to be affecting him much. You wanna fire another arrow? Oh, I thought this was the Tanglefoot arrow. Okay. Then, given that circumstance, the bolo wraps around him. Bolos-- Bolos are used to trap creature's legs when they're running. Wrap around it. They kind of fall over. It wraps around some of the eyestalks or parts and doesn't seem to have an additional effect than the damage. Unfortunately, it's just-- bolo against beholder it's kind of a square peg in a hole. All right. Okay. All right, gotcha. Cool. As the arrow streaks and then slams into his side you see the burst of flame begin to burn up its side. And you can see now, the armored plates on the side of K'Varn, some are starting to, like, creak off and kind of peel off at the side. The damage is starting to have a visual impact on K'Varn. You can see there's bits of beholder blood beginning to pour down the side of its meatball-like torso. Is that the end of your turn? That brings it to K'Varn's turn. K'Varn is going to attempt to shrug you off the horn, Grog. First it's going to fly up. Unfortunately, right now, no. Make an athletics check. 15? K'Varn nudges you. A sheer bit of force. Your hand lets go and you plummet backward again, slamming into the ground. Make an acrobatics check to try and reduce the damage if you like. All right. You go ahead and slam into the ground. You manage to reduce the damage somewhat, but your back cracks into the part of stone that raises up over the platform. You, unfortunately, you reduce the damage somewhat, but you still end up taking 14 points of damage from the impact. And you are prone. That was K'Varn's movement. Now, K'Varn is going to go ahead and fire three additional rays. All right. The kind of pinkish-red ray streaks across and is going to slam into you. Go ahead and make your saving throw. It's going to be a wisdom saving throw with advantage. 21. The beam comes across, hits you in the shoulder, kind of goes across the front of your chest. For a moment, you feel this kind of bloodthirsty urge fill you and you just wince and feel it wash over your body. All right. The second ray. Reroll that. All right. The second one is going to go ahead and streak down towards Grog. Grog, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity check. With, I'll say disadvantage 'cause you're on the ground. Sure, so it'd be just a regular roll. Five? All right. That was his first roll. Regular roll, yeah. All right. All right. Grog, you take 61 points of damage. As the black ray that is carrying that heavy aura of shadow, just beams into the ground, slamming into your torso. Second ray into Grog. He touched the horn and really pissed it off. All right. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, Grog. 13? A secondary beam, this one like a deep reddish-brown color, slams into your torso. You take 36 points of necrotic damage. All right, so as the beam is about to blast your body into severe shock, you feel that surge of Sarenrae's energy guide over you and pull back with one hit point left. K'Varn, frustrated, looks down at you with your eyes still open and goes, "No!" 22, all right. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw, Grog. The ray slams into your body. You can see the telekinesis beam trying to move you. But for the moment you're just too heavy. (laughter) 14 points of lightning damage against K'Varn. At the end of Clarota's turn, K'Varn's going to use a legendary action to fire another beam at Grog. Yeah, all the beams automatically hit. Go ahead and make another dexterity saving throw. 18. That same, fuzzing black ray comes back again for a second streak, slamming into you. As it hits you, you feel this sucking cold sensation as the soul is pulled from your body, lifeless on the ground. The light left Grog's eyes, laying slain on the floor of the temple. As that necrotic energy kind of drifts off of Grog, it pulls into the horn, and K'Varn, you notice, the wounds begin to seal up a little bit, and a chuckle comes out. "Who's next?" Percy, you're up. Yes. Very possible. Okay. Bad News aimed up. You're aiming-- You're probably going to have to move around to this side. Which is very careful, around the two of them-- Oh, actually, you'd probably go around this side. Yeah, so you make your way to here. You kneel down with the Bad News. You aim for one of the weak points of the metal, bent and ruined from the swinging of the platform. You grabbed that horn, Grog. 17? Does not hit. Oh, no no. I was thinking of his AC. That hits the platform, I'm so dumb. Yes, that does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. 15 points of damage? Go ahead and make a constitution save as the blast of the Bad News threatens to push you back. Keeping your low stance, you keep yourself, with strain, on the top. The blast hits the side of the metal. The metal streaks and breaks and snaps. The single bit of the contraption swings widely, slamming into the side of K'Varn. K'Varn does not make his dexterity saving throw. K'Varn takes 36 points of damage. The blast of the arcane nature of the contraption and the impact from-- It slams into him, pushing him all the way to the side over here. So, leaving you right where you were, there. And you can see now, part of the metal armor has completely been destroyed by the impact. So the AC actually lowers for K'Varn, and he's looking pretty rough. Oh, you mean the Action Surge? Okay, 'cause you used your second attack to reload. You-- Unfortunately, from your position, since it slammed in this direction, you don't have eyesight on him, unless he's considered having cover right now. To move around the whole platform? Yeah, you would have had to. You can still fire, but he'll have three-quarters cover. Then fucking fire. Okay. That hits. 18 points of damage? All right. That's so obnoxious! All right. That's Percy's turn. Pike, you're up. You can try to go ahead and-- You have to try and break the-- That's right, 'cause the grapple guy got hit. All right, yeah, so you can go do that. Move over to Grog? 11, technically. Okay. So as you reach over, you grab your holy symbol, which, looking down at it, you can see that crack is still ominously in the symbol. But you reach down, you pray to Sarenrae to aid you. Huh? You reach down and touch Grog, and his cold, still body-- You feel the divine energy begin to instill his form. I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom check. Yes you do. From which one? From Gnome's Cunning? For her racial background, she chooses-- she's a deep gnome. 16? Look that up really fast. Deep gnome, rock gnome? Okay, Gnome Cunning is you have advantage on all saving throws against magic. This was a check. 16? Okay. As you put your hands in, you feel this surge of warmth, and some of the coldness in the air is pulled back in as Grog's chest rises up with breath, once again. Grog, the darkness fades and your eyes come clear. You're looking up, on your back, into the room. You're at one hit point, I'm pretty sure. For Revivify. But you're alive. He's right there. I'd say, yeah, you can do that. Superior is-- Is 8d4 plus eight. That'll do. What's the amount? What you got? 25. All right. Go. All right. At the end of your turn, Pike, K'Varn is angrily going to use a legendary action to go ahead and fire another beam at you, since you went ahead and healed him up. All right, go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. TALIESIN AND 19. You manage to dodge out of the way before it hits the stone around you, carving just past Grog. No effect. However, where it hits the stone, you can see the stone is carved in this giant groove, like the beam itself is like a giant welding torch. That ends your turn. Scanlan. You are down here. He's not currently really looking at-- Actually, no. He was looking down at them. So it's that-- So yeah, you'd be in the current cone. You would have to move. You're currently in his eyesight. Yeah. All right. All right. That is a 20. What is your DC? What's the DC of your spell? He rolled a 20. "Yes." As you release the spell, the eyestalks turn and you can see the darkness that normally fades over the eyes just gloss over and dissipate. All right. It's now Kima's turn. Kima's going to hold off, looks over at Keyleth and says, "If you can give me another one of those tosses like you gave Grog?" Kima holds. Back at the top of the round. All right, go ahead make an athletics check. Yeah, add five to the d20 roll. 23. All right. You send Kima flying in the air, maul arcing through the sky. As she arcs the mark above her, a giant flash of divine energy, just kind of sparks in-- Is left behind her like a giant trail through the sky. She brings the hammer down towards K'Varn. That is a 21, that hits. As she slams into it, Kima-- Go ahead and throw-- Is going to go ahead and throw a 3rd-level spell into Divine Smite, doing an additional 3d8 damage on top of that. That'll be 38 points of divine damage. Slamming into the side, knocking teeth out. You can see, now, portions of the eye starting to swell. K'Varn's looking pretty rough. Kima, however, just continues to go and attempts to land-- Does not make the athletics check and takes-- Okay, that'll be 22 points of damage from the fall. And is prone. But is happy with the damage that she dealt. Grog. It's your turn. You are, yes. You can. That's your movement to get up. Yeah. He's kind of looking in that direction. Not directly down at you. You're just on the cusp of it, yeah. You can. Technically, no. Put it this way. Since you stood up, you're now like cusping in the cone-- The anti-magic cone. Any potions drank in that area will have no effect. Magic, the actual potions, are dispelled. All right. Go ahead and roll to attack. As you reach back, you lob the axe. The Chain of Returning, now also in the cone of anti-magic, just snaps off the axe. The axe goes flying across the room, clattering to the ground underneath the corner over here. Tiberius. Okay, so you head down towards the base of the temple. Okay. I mean, you're visible up here. You can see him, he can see you. He's kind of looking in this direction right now. Okay. Go ahead and make the check for Telekinesis. Okay, so, as you release the Telekinesis, you pull and pull, but that horn is definitively locked in place. Stalks? Okay. Go ahead, make another check. Okay. 29? All right. So as you pull, one of the eye stalks gets flung off the body, and you can see this, like, spurt of brackish blood that spills across the area nearby. Go ahead and roll 3d6. Yep. Four damage. All right, Tiberius. Ends your turn. Okay. Vex, you're up. Oh yeah, Vax is first, sorry. Go ahead. Correct. (mouths) Thank you for your patience. Boss battle. I was thanking them for their patience. 26 hits. You are not. All right. That's your last Luck point, by the way. That was three. All right. All right. All right, so you chuck the daggers up, they kind of cascade off, one of them manages to slam into the side. You pull them back to your belt and get ready for the next round. Vex, you're up. 14, unfortunately, no. It hits the side of the wall. Explodes, sending a series of wooden spikes into the stone on the side of the temple. You used flaming bow twice already, so you no longer can use it. 23 hits. Go and roll damage with your Hunter's Mark. 20 points of damage. All right. How do you want to do this? (cheering) No. (laughter) All right, so as K'Varn's looking around, kind of frantic at this point, realizing that this whole swarm of individuals are pouring into the temple. That, looking around, you can sense that the-- It's lost control of the Elder Brain. It starts just getting extremely manic and-- Another ray of energy, it glances up at you, just in time for you to release that final arrow. It strikes down, going right into the pupil. The light blue color immediately bursts into an angry red as the eye closes over, trying to contain the impact. The blood begins to pour out of the front of the eye, as the arrow, you can see pierce out the back side and is jutting about six inches out the back of the Beholder. And K'Varn slowly sinks a few feet and just slams onto the ground. That ends your turn, Vex. Okay. So on K'Varn's turn, black energy begins to pull into the horn, and the beholder opens the eye again. Now, the light blue color is just a pale white and you can see the jaw's a little slack. But the horn is now glowing this intense black color. And the beholder gets back up from his position. At which, Kima's on the ground, says, "Shit! Orcus! God of undeath, of course!" And she's going to start getting ready on her end. K'Varn's going to take another ray attack at-- Let's see. So a dexterity save against-- This would be Kima on the ground. Kima fails. Kima's form begins to slowly turn to stone. Her body's like--Secondary one is-- I rolled that one. All right, can I get a wisdom saving throw from you, Vax? With advantage. A wave of fear hits your mind for a second, watching it rise up, but you've seen many horrible things and it's not enough to shake your will and resolve. Third one. All right. Can I get a dexterity saving throw? This will be from you, Pike. As a dull green ray fires out from the currently undead K'Varn, you take 45 points of damage. You're still conscious? Good. (laughs) Clarota is going to run forward and attempt to to use his tentacles on K'Varn. That's an 18. That hits. That's 15 points of psychic damage and is now trying to grapple the tentacles around the front of K'Varn-- The side of K'Varn's head. That brings us to Percy. All right. At the horn? All right. This is going to be at disadvantage. Because you're-- Because you're on the carpet flying down, making a specific shot at a very, very tiny object. 18 against the horn, unfortunately, will not hit. I know. You-- the carpet kind of juts back for a second. The shot just ricochets off a few walls. You can see a bit of stone getting knocked off the side. End of your turn? All right. Pike. All right, so you're using your action to call on Divine Intervention. How do you want to call your deity? It doesn't need to be anything too specific, it'd be just, "To aid me." Whatever you feel like. You grab your holy symbol. What do you shout out to Sarenrae? Go ahead and roll 2d10. Go ahead and-- So roll the first one. The second one? So, at this depth, Sarenrae's influence is a little too far away to come into this moment. And you feel the intervention isn't quite strong enough to really make her presence known at this point. But you feel a sense of warmth and comfort knowing that, at least, she's looking over you, but thinks, "You don't need my aid at this moment." So that's your action. Move, bonus action. I believe that's-- I think that's an action, unfortunately Okay, go for it. Heal yourself on that. That brings us to Scanlan. Okay. All right. All right, Lightning. At what level? It is level three normally. I think Lightning Bolt is level three. Okay. So that'll be 9d6. Does make his saving throw. 25, so 13 points of lightning damage. The side of K'Varn's undead form. You can see part of the flesh is now blown off the side, hanging limply. Part of the teeth on the inside of the mouth are now visible. It's still standing, held together by the power of the horn. All right. Kima and Keyleth. Kima is going to stand up. Unfortunately, because she was prone, that kind of takes her turn. Yes? What are you doing? It's currently dangling right here. Right above you, precariously. You can certainly try. It looks very heavy. Yeah. The process of doing that will probably take out a few other people. All right, go for it. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Nine? Yeah, no. You just go to reach and the Beholder just pushes you off. That ends your turn. Kima turns to solid stone locked in place. Grog. You have no axe. Here? You can get to its side over here, maybe. All right. You rush over. As you pass by, this creature steps forward and is going to attempt to grapple you. Through the bars, that's going to be a 14. Go ahead and roll athletics. You take seven points of crushing damage, and are currently grappled. No, you take seven. You're grappled. You're still next to K'Varn, you just can't move any further. If you want to. Yeah. Okay. You can do that with your bonus action. All right. Go for it. 17 does not hit. That does hit. Then roll 2d6 for the damage, plus your strength modifier. 15 damage, all right. You slice through part of its body. You can see, now, three stalks slide off, and you can see some of the brain tissue underneath, but yet its still-necrotic form is holding it in place. That ends your turn. Who's next? Tiberius. It has probably nine. Yeah. Covered in stalks, dude. Looking really rough, though. He's right here. All right. All right. That's a dexterity save, right? Okay. That's 19. Makes the dexterity save. Go ahead and roll damage, takes half damage. 40. So half that is 20 damage? How do you want to do this? (cheering) What are you going to do with your Glacial Blast? Okay. So, you take your arcane form, and you can see, where the impact of the arrow left behind from Vex is already still there and the eye's kind of slightly concave as the wound's open. You take the Glacial Blast into one giant jagged piece of ice and you thrust it forward with all your arcane might. It hits and sinks into the eye and as it streaks to the inside, it bursts from the interior. You see ice shards piercing it from the inside out. As the form kind of lands on the ground there, as ice begins to slowly form and crackle around its outside, you can still see dark energy pulling into the horn. How many Sorcery points do you have? All right. Go ahead and make your roll. 26. With a sickening tearing sound, you notice the shaking of the horn begin to slowly pull from the slightly dilapidated and decomposing form of K'Varn. As the horn begins to tug and tear, the flesh stretches before, eventually, it's torn from the body. The moment the horn rises up, all that black energy dissipates, the horn held aloft in mid-air. The rest of K'Varn's form slumps to the ground and slowly begins to melt away. Just slam over its head? Okay. So as K'Varn's horn is now currently held aloft via your Telekinesis-- That ends your turn. It looks like, currently, the battle, for the moment-- Is held as you guys sit here in the center of the temple. Look about you. The contraption destroyed. The loose, pale, pulsing glow of the Elder Brain slowly glowing brighter and brighter. Okay. All right. Holy shit, guys. You did have a death. But you had a spell to bring him back. That was a marathon session. Thank you all for your patience. Thanks for staying. Fantastic. You guys-- Between your head shots-- -- were MVP on that battle. The setup of both slamming it with the device and getting the device out of the way, the surprise entry of this. Because you guys weren't all ground level, that kept him floating, which meant he couldn't keep using the cone of-- there was a lot of good things you guys used tactically for this battle. That's right, that was your first on the stream, yeah. Was that your first? Well, shit. Aww, saved that for the boss fight, too. I'm thinking what we're going to do, guys, for next week, those who are watching, too, because we have a few members that are going to be gone next week on vacation, we're going to-- I'm just basically going to be doing a brief discussion, I'd say a few hours, talking with you guys about how to learn the game, how to DM and build a game, and to answer your questions about the system at all, and just do, generally, a Dungeons & Dragons-specific kind of workshop for you guys. And then, the week after that, we'll pick up where this left off. Oh, I'm exhausted. All righty. That's right! I know, we're all so jittery. We have Schmoozer, donated $25. "Another 25 to you guys to correct myself for last week. I'm "slowly falling more and more in love with you guys. Since the Overlord says my original message "implied I wasn't in love at the start, but I surely was." (laughter) Yeah. Tristan Denman donated $40. "Hey y'all, plan on donating every week from now on. "Also got my own Critical Role shirt and hopefully can snag the How Do You Want To Do This? design I "made if it makes it to the store." (cheering) "I'm working on Shorthalt's Hall of Lady Favors." All right. ScottyDon'tKnow85 donated $20 saying, "Fuck Morgan Freeman. I want Grog to "narrate my life." InFact donated $5. "There's a lot of love for this ragtag band of adventurers "and it's easy to see why. Here's $5 to the cause. This week, I did Clarota and Pike song parodies. "The twins are on deck." OZack66 donated 100 bucks. "A shoutout to my lovely elven ladies Keyleth and Vex. (speaking in Elven)" He wrote in Elven. (speaking in Elven) I butchered that horribly. Want me to say that again? (speaking in Elven) I am so sorry if I butchered that. I haven't spoken Sindarin or Quenya since high school. It's Elven, guys. What'sAMeadow donated 25 bucks. "I'll keep this short and sweet. Thank you "guys both in front of the camera and behind. I found you guys through Matt's game on Pewdiepie's "channel and I love everything you do. Keep going guys, LessThanThree." G1BigDaddyHeff donated 50 bucks. Awesome. "Best day of the week has arrived and Critical "Role is back in action. I had a bit extra this week so I'm happy to give to this amazing "charity." Aww. Thank you so much. CloudyWolf donated $10. "I always love Thursdays and Critical "Role validates that. Happy to give what I can to an amazing charity that supports making the future "a lot brighter. Thank you all for all you do and bringing back my joy of playing D&D with old "friends." Aww. Mage61968 donated $20. "Wanted to donate for my favorite show on Twitch. Bought my "Critical Role shirt today, looking forward to new ones. Also do you have any plans to attend "AnimeExpo in July? Would like to say hi to those who do." A few of us are going. Look for us. Topher donated 30 bucks. "You give so much time and energy to Critical Role, "glad I can give back by donating. Thank you for another awesome show." Thank you Topher. HuffGirl77 donated 20 bucks. "Tonight is the first time I was able to catch the live stream. It's "been a hard week and this is my lovely bright point. Thank you so much, you guys are amazing." Thank you. Yeah. Anyway. Nyphelion donated 50 bucks. "I bear gifts from MathSquad. If your viewers are interested in "GM things, they should look into Being Everything Else. A show by GMs for GMs mostly with new ones "in mind." Very cool. WheelyFactoids, 5 bucks. "A perfect game. Best game yet. Ashley, I have a surprise for you "in the Minecraft server. I'll finish as quick as I can. Travis, I started smelting the metal from a "meteorite we found in the desert for my cosplay axe." This guy's smelting the metal from a meteorite to forge his axe of Grog for his cosplay. He's making his axe to cosplay as Grog out of meteorite. That's crazy-go-nuts. NorseAris donated 5 bucks. "I love Critical Role so much. It's the one thing I look forward to "all week. It absolutely ruined my sleep schedule and I'm completely okay with that." It's okay, it's ruining our sleep schedule, too. "Sleep is totally fixable with ale." True. "Thanks for being "so awesome, don't forget to Vaxxinate your kids." BurtCole donated 100 bucks! "#Overlord." SickWizard donated three bucks. "Kids plus books equals awesome. Spending my birthday with Critical Role. "Matt, go for a party member kill." "The monsters are heroes, the characters are invaders murdering those poor creatures. You guys "all rock." GoodLordHerc donated $10. "Playing D&D since 2001. Love the show, keep on rolling." LeonicSaber donated $10. "Hope this donation helps and gives you guys a--" "Dope-ass effect." There we go. My brain and eyes. Ugh. GrimProspect, ten bucks. "Absolutely "love you guys. Had a pretty awful day but hearing Travis do his amazing Roy Mustang voice could make "it all better." Karkaroff donated 25 bucks. (laughter) Five bucks. "Ashley, as an actual rocket scientist that will never get into space. I just "wanted to say that your dream is my dream." "Inspire us all and never stop reaching for the stars." SalazarJack donated 100 bucks. "Thanks everyone for your time and all the effort you put "into Critical Role." Very appreciated. Thank you. Sepherie, 100 bucks. "I introduced my college "roommate and best friend to play D&D. 15 years later, we've lost touch. Found out we both watch "this show. We watch most Thursdays now. Thanks for being so--" (cheering) JoshPotato66 donated five bucks. "I love this show. It's like great theatre. Can't wait to "see how far this thing goes and can't wait to see some D&D at some point in the near future. P.S. I "have to admit I have a little crush on Pike, Vex, and Keyleth." ZandorInvictus donated 25 bucks. "Had a blast tonight as usual and also had a blast at my "first game in seven years. I thank you. My copper dragonborn fighter Restule Othor thanks you and my "half-elf bard Cedric Riverbend thanks you. LessThanThree." AbowFard donated 25 bucks. "Happy "to donate to a good cause. Thanks for the great entertainment each week. I look forward to many of "your adventures and also playing 5e D&D with my kids." Arandis donated 25 bucks. "Awesome job with "the show as always. Donating in the hopes it inspires you in your upcoming battles as you help "others battle lack of education and illiteracy in the real world." That's awesome. Thank you. Gin2343 donated 50 bucks. "Love your game and enjoy it every week. All my brothers and "sisters in the military branches, I wish you a very happy Memorial Day. To all others, take a "moment in your day off to toast those who served and those who still serve." Hear hear to that. Marco2 donated 25 bucks. "Watching all of you has inspired me. Tons of "inspiration made my campaign so much better. Thank you all for the high end of my week." Thank you for watching. XDragonRiderX donated 20 bucks. "Hey guys, got a chance to talk to Matt and Marisha at Philly "the other week. And we talked to most of you via Twitter." Yep, "And I wanted to not only thank you but donate as well. Hopefully I'll get a chance to meet "the rest of you soon." Dractheon donated $10. "Here's to Critical Role, my now-favorite part of "the week. Hearing all these amazing characters has finally moved toward my dream of being a voice "actor. On a side note, Liam, can you do a few lines of Illidan for me? I'm prepared for it." Illidan's been drinking. Baccicio, I think. Sorry. Baccicio, there you go. $5. "I love "watching your show. You guys are awesome. Can't wait to start my own D&D group. I'm already "working on my own half-elf druid. Hope this helps 826LA." (cheering) LoneWolfAvesty, 50 bucks. "Thank you all for making the best 3+ hours of each week for me. I'm "either sitting on the edge of my seat or laughing out loud for reals. Love you all." Kieris, 10 bucks. "We wanted to play D&D for years and due to Critical Role I started to DM for "my online friends who had never played. We used Tabletop Simulator. Played for the past few days "and having a blast. Thank you so much for your inspiration, humor and awesomeness." Guys, thank you so much. (cheering)