Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Tonight, picking up from a crazy episode last week, we have Percy among us still. We'll get through a few announcements. One, apparently this is the night where we all wear the same shirt, because that happened. Also, three of us may have gone to a CHVRCHES concert on Monday and are obsessed with them, so there's that. Anyway. Let's jump in here. First and foremost, tonight is our fantastic sponsor returning as often as they do and thank you so much, Loot Crate! (cheering) Thank you, Sam! That did not at all send hip-hop back to 1991. Thank you, Loot Crate, for allowing us, week after week, to have Sam do this. Thank you. Thank you, Sam. All righty! Next up on the list. It hasn't even started yet! Laura, do you want to talk about merch stuff coming up here? Preorders are still going? All right. The next thing we want to mention, as 'tis the season of Halloween, we are announcing tonight, leading up to the end of the month, we're having a Critical Role Halloween costume contest. If any of you guys are dressing up as anything Critical Role related whatsoever, go ahead and tweet it at us or Instagram it at us with the hashtag #CriticalCostumes. Together, one word. #CriticalCostumes. We'll have a winner and a runner-up. Prizes are to be determined. Sam is dead-set on giving away a bunch of his old shirts. That might be one of them. We'll figure it out. This isn't a Geek and Sundry contest. This is our contest. We are doing this with you guys. We'll be figuring out prizes. Yeah. #CriticalCostumes. You'll have to the end of the month up until Halloween proper. We shall determine a winner and runner-up. Excited to see what you guys do. Laura and Travis, you want to talk about another episode of another project you guys are working on? There you have it. That's fantastic. MARISHA and Other couple of announcements. Really amazing isometric RPG that me and few of you guys have worked on. Liam, you worked on it. Sam, did you work on Masquerada? Masquerada? Nope! Me and Liam worked on Masquerada. It came out last week on Steam, and I believe it will be available on consoles later in the year. It's a great story, incredibly well-written, fantastic cast. Yes! I highly recommend it. I'm really proud of the game. If you like really good narrative stories and great character development, I highly recommend it. Check out Masquerada on Steam. Coming up towards the end of this month, too, Titanfall 2. I play the protagonist in the single-player mode. You should check it out. You get to have a fun buddy cop experience with me and your titan. Check that out in a few weeks, guys. Couple of other quick announcements. Me and Taliesin, not this weekend but the weekend after, will be in New Hampshire at Another Anime Con. We'll be doing panels and signings and fun stuff there. Those of you guys in that vicinity, come say hello to us. Bring things and books to sign and bring questions for our panels, because we will be lonely otherwise. (German accent) And it would be a great time to meet you, and make your way to Another Anime Convention. We'll see you there. (German accent) That's what they sound like in New Hampshire, is that correct? (normal voice) Last but not least, guys, please don't forget to vote. Deadlines for most states are coming up pretty soon. California has until October 24th as the deadline to register. Please register so you can go out and vote. It's so important, you guys. Oh my god. Seriously, we're living in an Orwellian fantasy right now. Please vote. Travis will be there at each individual one at the speed of light. Unless we have any other announcements, I think it's time to bring us down to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] "No! I assumed you'd ask questions. I'm an open book. What do you require?" "You shouldn't, to be perfectly honest. I am a being that rides the line between what's true "and what's false, and I know your research has spoken the same. However, strange circumstances "make for strange bedfellows. And circumstances as they are, I think you have very little choice, as "do I." "Listen for a moment, and I'll tell you a bit about the history of this green dragon before you. "My home is south of here within the jungles of the Rifenmist Peninsula along the southern side of "the Stormcrest. That is where I met the Cinder King nearly two decades ago. He encroached upon my "territory. We battled then, an exhausting struggle over days. Thordak is keen of eye, however, and "older than I. He held his assault. He saw me, and he saw my disease. "I was cursed a half-century ago, when I infiltrated and toppled a temple of Melora that "was being built by a high druid for her roving peons. As I consumed her last follower, broke the "druid upon her altar, she gave her dying breath to spite me. This sickness that she imparted was "merely an inconvenience, but as the years wore on, it spread and worsened. "I left my pursuits of base interests and began to obsess over a cure for this before it took me. I "burned through servant after servant to find anything on such a disease. Everything failed. "Everything. "Thordak somehow noted and recognized my ailment. He said, 'You are unwell. A rare malady upon you. "'It will claim you, in time. However, I've traveled the world, I've gathered many secrets, and I know "'how to be rid of it. To burn it out of your system with a fire you will never find. I've done "'it before. I can burn away the worst of illnesses.' "Now, I am a creature that can pierce any lie by nature. I know in my heart that he spoke the truth "that day, that dragon. When asked what he wanted in return, he said, 'Your servitude.' We made an "agreement. He would return once he marked his domain. We discussed the terms. "However, he did not return. I grew furious and sought answers only to find that he was brought "low and sealed away by some assembled others, some fools from Emon. It took me years of seeking, but "I found his whereabouts. I was not going to let my chance to strike away this bloody curse slip from "me, so I met him on the fire plane. Over the years, I saw his swelling, his pained form. He "spoke of plans, ideas for vengeance and domination, but he would not relinquish the "secrets he promised me until I released him. "I proposed the Conclave. I assembled the others. I negotiated the agreements. I corrupted the "binding stone. I prepared the Pyrah gate. I did everything! "As time went on, Thordak's clarity muddled. It seemed his bindings, the power that he was "absorbing, was beginning to drive him mad, so we did not have any more time. I needed to initiate "the escape before he lost enough to forget our agreement, the means to even fulfill his side of "the bargain. No celestial solstice as planned, but Winter's Crest would have to do. And with Thordak "freed, the Conclave assembled, Tal'Dorei was razed, divided, and won. "But Thordak still withheld his words. He laughs at my requests. I see now that he does not mean to "tell me, and never really did, as his mind began to go. He enjoys his seat of power over all of "you, over me. I want him dead! I want to watch him be torn apart, I want to see his eyes go cold "and in that very moment, I want to call his spirit back and bind his word to tell me how I can save "myself. And then laugh at his misfortune as I tear what's left of him. "That is why I come to you. I have not the power to take him myself." "Child, I commend your bravery in the face of certain doom, but think before you give in to "such base passions. There is much to be gained by us working together, and so much more to be lost." "Child, your anger is misplaced--" "I did not slay a single one of your people. Thordak's release destroyed the top of that "mountain--" "Keyleth." "Do not mistake my grace in this room for need of conflict, nor foolhardy wishes. If I "wanted each one of you dead, I would be chewing on your bones right now." "I bring information--" "I bring knowledge of Thordak--" "I know where Asum is--" "The one you call Seeker Asum is alive, in Emon, still working amongst the Clasp. The story I "gave you was mostly truth, peppered with necessary deceit to place me here amongst you for the time I "needed. He is there to secure survivors against Thordak. "I infiltrated the ranks of the Clasp, gained his trust, which allowed me to find your whereabouts, "and so I came. He sent me on a mission to notify you of his plans, which, by the way, along with "Brotoras, Goldhand, and the Clasp's cooperation, they have a plan to strike at the Cinder King." Slippery dragon. (laughter) "One that'll fail, of course. You see, they put their knowledge in what a red dragon is "capable of. They believe that by quelling the flames or stoking some nature of the crystal in "its belly's magic, there would be a way to stop him. And there is a path to be taken there, yes, "but their knowledge is faulty. They don't understand the nature of the enchantment, and "should they attack, they will burn in the flames of their own righteousness." "I wish I knew the extent of it--" And you watch as Asum's form grows a little more green in places, the scales unfolding, and as the image, though still in the halfling form, where the scales rest you can see a series of deep, purplish-black veins that ride up the side of the throat, and across the chest and the arms, and they pulse with each heartbeat. "It withers my "constitution. It makes me weary. I've sat with this for nearly a hundred years. My brain is not "dull, but I wish not to have this brilliant intellect waste away into ash because I couldn't "find an answer." "Well, weak by my standards." "I have no interest in this mass domination. Most of these petty creatures that you call your "brethren, they live amongst their cities, and that's fine. My happiness lies in returning to my "home in the Rifenmist, where I can pillage the eastern and southern coasts. Or I can ride out "amongst the Viridian Ocean and steal what is necessary to survive and enjoy my network of "followers and spies. Far away from where you live." "If you're uncomfortable with my proximity, post the fall of the king, I will happily take my "presence elsewhere. Gather my people, my belongings, and find a roost, somewhere across the "Ozmit perhaps." "I have spent many years trying to untangle what could be the lie behind those eyes, and I am "certain. There is a confidence with knowing and withholding. It is stronger than the strongest of "bluffs, and I've seen that confidence in the Cinder King. A cruelty in that knowledge, that "smugness." "By most standards, has been for some time, but it continues to slip. His narcissism grows to "dangerous bounds." "Amusing." "You think that because you took surprise upon Umbrasyl, the brute, his inferior intellect, "that you will have the opportunity to strike me down? You have no idea what I'm capable of, no "matter what malady festers within me." "This is your home, right, Percival?" "It would be a shame for it to suddenly no longer exist." 19, okay. The entity you see before you does appear to be physically present, to the best of your knowledge. No one's touched it or attempted to, but it does seem to be present with you. "Vorugal is a beast. Simple of mind. Eager to kill, eat, sleep. That's about the extent. As "long as it's given enough land and cattle to devour, it seems happy. It enjoys the hunt; it "enjoys the challenge." "Our agreement, should this go forward, does not end when the Cinder King dies. I demand the "opportunity to converse with the spirit from the corpse. "Once that's done, then you may pull your rug out from under me, if you will. I wish you the best of luck." "You see, whereas I have the aptitude to know where my alliances stand, Vorugal is, of the "entire Conclave, the closest Thordak has to a lap dog." "Probably the best bet, yes." "I have no interest in whatever enchantment shackles him to his insanity. I merely wish to "draw from him the secret I've been promised." Insight check, both of you guys, go. Seems to be telling the truth. "Gathering information, like I do." "No, I moved down to the stables and found a soft bit of hay. Yes, I sleep in his bed and his clothes." "It isn't the most optimal circumstance, but I think we both have much to gain." "Because everywhere I've sought the information seems to have been destroyed by "Thordak once we made the accord." "You could take a look if you like, but I myself do not know its nature." "Yes, I have." "I've tried all forms of cleansing magic. I've bent many diviners to my aid, and all have "failed! This isn't a simple magic, this was a spirit curse, this was something far more "powerful." "I don't want to." "It's likely. Very quickly, yes." "Keeps a close watch on his subjects. He's paranoid. Requires us to continuously "check in, which I have been." "I have my means in my room, yes." "No. As far as he knows, I'm currently somewhere on the outskirts of Westruun attempting "to forge some sort of vengeance for what happened to Umbrasyl." "I'm very good at avoiding the sight of those who would seek me if I wish not to be seen." "Based on the correspondence that was put out by Thordak, he was very perturbed at the death "of the black dragon that you've slain. As such, sent a rather large assortment of his and "Vorugal's wyvern army to sweep the entire middle eastern side of Tal'Dorei in search of you, I "presume. "Thankfully, your allies put up some sort of illusory barrier, which I did not disturb during "that time, to whatever consolation that is to our agreement." "This is true." "You see, if I were to utilize my full potential, which would be required to fell "Vorugal-- as idiotic as the creature is, it's still a very dangerous and cunning foe." "Maybe I overestimated your intelligence, but in doing so, would immediately paint a target "on my back for Thordak. I think it's best that I remain in his good graces, as we all flank up "unexpectedly when the time is right." "She!" "I'm saying the choice is yours. Either we work together, or you all fall." "Half-elf. Look at me. Your worldview is clouded by optimism that does not belong in "Exandria. There is good, there is evil, but this world has been remade many times because life is "destruction. You should know this as a purveyor of life in its own right. The cycle lives on. The "chaos perseveres. Everything grows, eats, then dies or is eaten. You can put whatever fine "dressing on it you like." "Are you telling me you have not claimed a life or two in your time? Do you think your goals "and your attempts to save those close to you have not been wrought with bloodshed?" "Do you think you have not stepped on an anthill to get to your destination?" "I merely stepped on an anthill to get to mine." "Understand, there are different levels of thought, intellect, and intent here. I come to you "because we have much to gain together. Or lose everything by not listening to what I have to say." "I will, if you promise to let Thordak's soul be mine." "This isn't a negotiation." "What am I getting out of this?" "If I aid you with the tearing of Vorugal as a show of goodwill, in response, you keep my true "nature secret between those in this room." "You maintain that I have access to the length and breadth of Whitestone." "Largely because I have interests in deciding my plan against Thordak. Let's just say "some of it may include a trinket or two that have come in your way on your travels." "I have some ideas." "I have seen it already." "I've been here for some time, my dear." "I'm not telling you anything. That was not part of the negotiation." Raishan snaps her fingers. You see a spark, and you notice a brief burst akin to a minor illusion. No sound, nothing, just the image of a tiny black orb. "I would recommend none of that. Any suspicion means I'm being followed. If I'm "followed and feeling threatened, the person you told may not survive. We do not want that, but I'm "going to look out for myself, so anyone you tell, you're putting in danger." "Fair enough." "It's already off the radar. I just will not touch the radar." "I don't know." This is the old war room, which is upstairs facing the front. Nope. It's about, I'd say-- close to 30 feet by 60 feet. There's two doors that enter, and then two windows that face out the front. Make an investigation check. If you're looking for traps, it's investigation. Make a general perception check. 21? Glancing about the room, it does not appear to have anything that you notice different. It has the two banners on the side walls. It has the table in the center with some chairs scattered about and there's the two windows opposite. One window that currently Raishan has to her back. "Thordak has no idea what lies beneath this city. Thordak is too obsessed with himself." "Are you referring to your Vestiges?" "You already told me everything. You informed me of your entire journey." "Of course you did." "What does Thordak want? Thordak wants everything. Everything. Thordak is using the "crystal in his belly to slowly build a volcano beneath Emon. To turn the surrounding city and the "countryside into a new mountain of his visage." "That's going to be another hundred years before the entire mountain is complete, but the "physicality is already adjusting. The molten rock begins to swirl and flow beneath the Cloudtop "District." "Well, the volcano is being summoned beneath him. Such is the nature of the crystal he carries. "The energy he absorbed from the fire elemental plane carried over with him, and it's still "hungry. It's why he swells; that's why he's in pain. But he just laughs amidst it, as it also "gives him extreme power and nigh invulnerability." "It's possible. I have no knowledge of this Glintshore." "I don't think I know anything about some Briarwoods." "It's a little off-putting, yes." "I know what I've been told." "Do you think I wish to have another creature that I pay subservience to?" Essentially, Melora is the goddess of the wilderness and the sea. Very nature, life, elemental-based deity. Vecna is not a god. Vecna was very powerful, wanted to become a god and was balked and scattered, supposedly destroyed a long time ago but the cults still endure and infiltrate and wander various parts of Exandria. "It pertains to what I think is a sound plan to bring Thordak down to our level." "I will tell you, once we finish this next length of your journey, since you are so eager to "have made the agreement." "Well, for one thing, I will be peripheral to the battle. I will aid you, but I cannot be "seen on the battlefield, or Thordak will know immediately there has been a turn of allegiance." "I can change my form into a number of creatures and be of assistance in that way. I have "a series of arcane talents that I can bring to the battlefield, as well." "All right." Asum walks around the table slowly, making eye contact with you, those yellow, reptilian slits for eyes. Brushes past you. "You've grown quite a bit in just these few moments, young Keyleth." She stands there, keeping the grip, and then releases your hand. "Very well. What's your plan "against Vorugal?" "I can guarantee you you're not wrong, but I have been and I will, regardless of what you try." (singing) Gotta catch 'em all. (laughter) "Very well. I'll go check in with the boss, if you will. Alleviate any concern on his end." "We shall meet tomorrow." Raishan looks very confused. "Very well. See you tomorrow." The image of the veins, the scales, everything, reverts back to normal. Seeker Asum nods and leaves the room. All right, so you guys make your way through Whitestone through the tunnels to the location of the ziggurat. The war room is a series of tables and chairs that have been assembled on the top of the ziggurat, near the spinning bead of death, as you call it. But yeah, it's makeshift, it's functional. There's currently nobody else in here even though there are a couple of guards stationed to make sure that nobody comes in here without approval. You are currently stepping up to the top of the ziggurat, and there it rests, still spinning silently in place. Make a religion check. You know that Melora is worshipped by druids of nature, hunters, societies that exist in a more natural setting, as well as ship captains, oversea merchants, in hopes of getting good luck in getting across large bodies of water and weather. She is considered by some to be good, some consider her to be in a neutral space and more of like a mother nature type entity amongst the pantheon here, if there was one. And as far as curses go, you don't have too much experience with curses outside of the minor ones that you've seen used or have yourself at your disposal. But even just from the few of you, Sam especially, Sam, go ahead and roll an intelligence check. Yes. Yes. 16, and you get to add your plus two. And if you wanted to, add your inspiration die. Yeah, d12. 26, okay. That's what you can do as a bard; it's pretty rad. Through the two of you conversing over this, there are simple curses that can be imparted for a temporary period of time, usually as some sort of a penance to someone who slighted you. Some that are part of a corruption on the land, a blight that spreads to a life source. And there are soul curses. Usually where someone feels so wronged in their final moments that they basically burn their soul and any possibility of the afterlife purely to scourge whoever was responsible for their pain. It's rarely ever done, because it is essentially accepting oblivion. Your existence is done. The gods don't hold any sway over your immortal soul; there is no afterlife. However, you die knowing, for whatever that means in that brief moment, that you have scarred the individual in some degree for possibly the rest of time. No, you have no idea. You've heard of it in stories. And as far as you know, it was mainly a folklore element, and you're like okay, no, I've kind of heard of this. So if there was anything, this might be it. If someone were to scry on you and you were to succeed on your saving throw, they would fail to scry, and you'd have some sort of inkling that something weird is going on. If you are a person who's capable of casting the spell like you are, you would be like, "Okay, someone's trying to peer "through the veil." Unless she-- SAM and You have no recollection of that happening. You can be very conscious of that possibility and keen on intercepting should anything like that occur, sure. No, I'd say this would be a religion check. Let me double-check just to be sure. Specifically, this is knowledge of fiends is what this is. Yenk. Y-E-N-K. MARISHA and And every creature you make fun of is going to hurt that much more when it kills you. It's great. It's so wonderful. I'd say honestly, like I might give a religion check or a straight intelligence check. It's going to be a hard DC for anybody that doesn't have any specific knowledge or training in anything fiend-centric. A goristro is a fiend. It lives in the Abyss. Most things in the abyss are fiends. I said possibly religion, if you have it trained. If you're proficient in religion. You can go ask her. You wait about an hour. Pike quickly jogs up. You hear the clanking of the armor as she ascends the steps. "Hey, guys! Hi! What do you need?" "Oh, thank you, Grog." "No?" "Fiends are bad, but I don't know anything about a goristro." What do you guys want to do? Sure. Okay. Who's going to the library? Okay, those two. What's everyone else doing? Okay, roll for perception. No. Grog, Scanlan, what are you guys doing? Kash is in Vasselheim right now. You have Keeper Yennen. We'll go with your guys' conversation first. Vax and Keyleth. You'll have to attune to it on a short rest, but you can do that. While you guys are doing that, Percy and Vex, could you guys roll an investigation check, each of you? Percy, minus three, because you're still suffering resurrection issues. It's still minus three. What's your total? And ten? All righty. You guys spend the better part of the next two hours or so poring through the various libraries. You know them very well. You've read through a lot of these growing up. There aren't a lot of tomes or books that deal with anything terribly fiendish. You do find one that deals with tales of the Betrayer Gods. It's more of an old history tome that deals with pre-Divergence. It deals with the Founding, which is the first era; the Age of Arcanum, which is the second era; this is all pre-Divergence. It speaks of the Betrayer Gods and many of their creations and their followers that began to lay waste to civilization and began to enslave the creators of those that remained on the side of light. You do see mention in there of various fiends and demons and princes of evil. It's all very thick religious text, but there is one page that has artwork on it. Sketched and simple, but it shows this strange, almost long, lithe vulture-like creature, with wings and clawed hands, and a beak-like mouth, called a vrock. You see another section that has a woman, but the lower half of her body is serpentine, like a snake, and she has six arms carrying six different blades. It says "marilith." Behind them, you see a looming creature of hulking fur and muscle with fists like battering rams, a turned up, pug-like nose with a toothy jaw, and giant horns adorned with brass rings that curve forward. Under that it says "goristro." The awkward pause dissipates, and you both bumble your way out of the library to find the others. Grog, Scanlan, you guys make your way over to-- There's Keeper Yennen there with his small temple to Erathis, I believe. There's nobody in there, currently. It's empty. He's sweeping up with one of his assistants that's helping keep the place clean. "It's been some time. I'm glad to see that you're all safe and sound." "Well, I am at your service. What can I do?" "What?" "This is very--" He's got the broom in front. Your hands meet cloth and somewhat wrinkled older gentleman skin. Make an investigation check. You find a small pouch, seems to contain a few coins. A somewhat stale piece of half-eaten bread. A couple of unlit candles. That's about it. "Most unusual." "Right, right. That's all right." He picks the bread up off the ground and puts it back in his pocket. "I have come across texts that speak of a goristro. I do not know of one named Yenk, "specifically." "They were dangerous front-line behemoths when the fiends attacked these lands, back in the "pre-Divergence era. They were 20-plus feet tall and living battering rams that tore through stone "like it was paper." "I don't know the specifics, but the texts I have read speak of it being an unstoppable fist in "the service of the Dark Princes." "Everything?" (laughter) "I have no idea, unfortunately. I'm not extremely well versed in fiendish things. I know a "bit offhand from my teachings, but it's a very specific--" "I'm not withholding any information. I genuinely--" "That's what I'm doing." "We've rebuilt half the city--" (strained) "I don't know!" And he rushes off toward his room. You start hearing him turning over blankets, things tumbling onto the ground. He's tearing through his room in the back of the temple. About ten minutes go by before he comes out, sweat pouring down his face. He's like, (panting) "I have nothing. I'm sorry." Make an intimidation check. He goes, "Yes, right, of course. I will further my research, and perhaps I could send "someone to scour the rubble of the Cobalt Reserve. It may take a couple weeks. I'm so sorry." "Thank you." "Not that still lives in the city, unfortunately. You're in the service of the "greatest minds of our city now, up in the castle. We're trying to put homes up for those who need them." "Also, thank you for yours." "Apparently, now so have I." "Cassandra's taking care of the costs." "She's sending up materials from the Turst Fields." "I appreciate-- It's very kind." "I have a lot of sweeping to do, if you don't mind." The assistant is over there wide-eyed, watching this whole circumstance. He's a young, maybe 17-year-old boy in a similar robe. "Sebastian, stop staring and help me clean!" "Yes, sir!" They both start sweeping the rest of the temple as you guys walk out. All right. The two of you finally make your way to the recently constructed temple of the Raven Queen that Percy had built. What would you like to do? Okay. Roll a religion check. 21. The door still left ajar to the temple as Keyleth walked in earlier, a bit of a breeze swirls in for a second, carrying a few leaves. They scatter around, come to rest. The candles flicker for a moment and the light dims ever so slightly. Nothing beyond that from your perspective, Keyleth. You, Vax, feel a familiar cold embrace. It's interesting. It's chilling and causes your skin to goosebump, but it's still comforting. While you see nothing within your closed eyes, you can sense a pair of cold lips to your left ear that whispers toward you, "Knowledge "of this is earned. You seek this with your allies. Some have already found secrets. I can only say "that the path you walked to the sphinx gave you what you need. Stay alive." You feel the lips fade from your ear. Warmth comes back to your sides, and your eyes flicker open, knowing that her presence is no longer there. As you guys all go to convene in Castle Whitestone to discuss the next length of your plan, we're going to take a restroom break. See you guys back here in a few minutes. Thank you once again, Loot Crate, for being awesome, our sponsor. Thank you guys for sticking around. See you guys in a minute. Welcome back everybody from the break. Before we get started, I wanted to bring this up in case you guys were not aware. I was made aware of it at the end of last week, but they announced Twitch Prime. What that allows is for anybody out there that has an Amazon Prime account you get automatically one free subscription to a Twitch channel of your choice, so if you are not a subscriber to Geek and Sundry's Twitch, to help support the show, and you have an Amazon Prime account, you can do that now, free of charge. All the goodies, you'll have access to the VODs immediately. You won't have to wait until Monday for the YouTube videos to come out for the episodes, and it is of no additional cost to you as long as you have a Prime membership. I wanted to make sure you guys were aware of that, because I was recently made aware of that. All righty. Picking up where we left off, the rest of you guys have done some research, gathered some information that may or may not be helpful. What do you want to do for the rest of your preparation for whatever you wish to do going forward? Yeah, you guys are still-- It'll probably last for the day. As a specific master of dragon and dragon knowledge, so you're aware, green dragons are-- Poison by nature. Okay. (laughs) All right. They look comparable, yes. A little smattering on each of them, yeah. All right, so you go looking for Grog who is not around the castle, and eventually, as you step out, you notice Scanlan and Grog both walking up the pathway to the front of Whitestone Castle. Just the three of you guys and three guards back by the front of the castle. Yes. Most of them need work. A number of them backfired during the actual battle, and the other ones were not taken very good care of, so you're probably going to need to run a few repair checks on that. You have the materials at your disposal, you have your workshop. Okay. You take a good solid look at Animus, get a feel for it. Thank you, Travis. Yep. Vex, you've gone and looked for Vax and Keyleth. After you guys had your conversation about everything, eventually you catch up to-- are you guys still together? Yeah, so you find the two of them. Osysa was the gynosphinx who works at the Slayer's Take. The goddess she worships is Ioun. LAURA and While they share their awkward smile, you find Percival down in his workshop, currently repairing weaponry with Ripley's gun placed down out on its own in the middle of the table. You haven't checked in to see if they're here or not. They wouldn't be at the castle. They stay at one of the houses at the northern end of the city. Who has now arrived and steps up. "You called, Grog?" "Do you wish for me to fetch them?" He rushes off. You hear the armor and chainmail clinking in the distance. It's mid-afternoon. You guys have spent the day doing research and checking things out. You woke up in the morning and you had your conversation with Raishan, so it's two, three in the afternoon. You are close to three months past it, so you have a ways to go before it's Winter's Crest again. The celestial solstice? You're not sure, actually. Make a nature check. There are solstices, yes. 24. The next solstice is going to be in about a month. Roughly 28 days. That wasn't a cave, it was inside a chasm. A giant ravine. You have no sense of being watched by any exterior force. You can, yes. Okay. Percy, can you make three tinkering checks for me? Yes. Okay. Rudimentary in their design, but functional. You manage to clean them all and repair the ones that were heavily damaged earlier and make them functional again without an issue. During that time, Keyleth, you were going to mention something, you said? Ioun is the god of knowledge and spreading of knowledge and was what the temple that Osysa watches beneath the Slayers' Take is based around. It's also what the ziggurat beneath the city used to be a temple to Ioun, before it was corrupted by the Briarwoods. Vax is gone right now. All right. Vex, you go ahead and find Zahra, who's in the process of still researching in her room, her and Allura, while she was focusing on the ziggurat and the essence of it. So you find her and her tomes are spread out, and she's actually fallen asleep on her desk in her room. Puts her wand out in your direction. "Darling, I'm so sorry! I didn't mean that." "Tiring, if anything." She wipes this bit of drool from the side of her chin. Immediately sits upright in her chair. (chuckles) "Good, just trying to figure out what we can from these siphons." "Not yet, though it's been a lot of fun throwing things into them and watching them go away." "Remind me." "Oh, yes! I was able to muster one." "That is all I've been able to get done in time." She pulls out a small case and opens it. It looks a little roughshod, not quite as perfect, but she says, "The enchantment took." "Oh, for this?" Let's find out. "That would come to roughly-- on the market, about 30,000 gold pieces." "It's mostly done? I could keep working on it, if you like, and make it all done." "Well, for cost and time. I'd put it more about 12, for a friend." "Okay. Sorry dear, I haven't had a lot of time." "So should I balk on the research and focus on--" "Noted." "No worries, dear. I should make some tea." She rubs her eye a little bit, gets up. "Have a "good night, Vex." Walks by. As she exits the room as you stand there, her tail whips you in the back. Kima shows up. As she walks up, it's midday. She's not armored at all. She's wearing a standard linen shirt that's sweat through. It looks like she's been doing physical labor work and she comes up with dirt smeared in her face. "Grog, it's been a while!" (chuckles) "You big badass. What can I do for you?" "Do you need me to get her, as well?" "Ugh. I'll be right back." She leaves for a bit. You wait a little bit longer. Eventually, she comes back with Allura. Allura not quite as dirty as Kima. They both arrive. "Hello, "I'm glad to see you've returned. Can I help you?" "This is beyond my magic." "No, this is incredible. This is very powerful magic." "I think it has quite a bit of utility, to be honest. Do you need this, or could I--" "Well, all right." "Well, this is the kind of spell that I could copy into my spellbook, and once I'm able to "utilize it down the road it would be at my disposal." "It would destroy the scroll, but I would be able to utilize the spell in a few years, maybe." "It takes a few hours, maybe." "Be careful with that. From what I can glean from the enchantment, it offers you quite a chance "to pull pretty much anything to your side, but no real bindings on what you pull through." "There are many a mage who ended up trying to bend something to their will and weren't seen "ever again." "No worries, I'm about to ready continuing to strengthen the veil with Shaun--" "Oh. I'm sorry to hear that. These are dangerous times. I've got something I've got to "do. Stay safe. Be careful with that." She walks out of the room, a little dazed, and rubs the top of Kima's head, and you watch her leave. "She's stretched a little thin these days, to be honest." "Well there's a lot going on, and a lot needs to be found and a lot needs to be done, "and a never-ending barrage of responsibility. Which I despise. Where are you guys off to?" "Really?" You see this big, toothy grin curl across her face, and her fingers twitch. "So?" (excited chuckles) "I was hoping you'd say that! Let me get my armor. How soon? When?" "All righty! Stay right here. I'll be right back!" She darts off with a spring in her step and a little chuckle as she heads down the hall. Yeah. Yeah, you got a handful of days left. While this is happening Vax. Eventually, you find your way to the makeshift training barracks that are established on the northeastern side of the city where Kashaw was earlier training recruits. You can see now that this late in the afternoon, most of the training has come to a halt, but Jarett is still in the process right now of instructing Kynan. Kynan has been given more standard Whitestone armor to get rid of the dark, roguish look that he had before, partially to help him mentally feel like he's in a different place and has some connection to the city. But Jarett is in the process now of working him through some swordplay. As you approach, the two of them stop and Jarett looks over towards you. "Ah, Vax, it is good to see you. What can we do for you?" "Well he's a bit rough around the edges, but he's actually a pretty decently trained fighter." Kynan's quiet. "I don't know. Do you want to be borrowed?" "I suppose. Did I do anything?" "Sure." "Let me just--" And he hands the blade over to Jarett, who takes it and sheathes it on the side. "I'm sorry, too. I should have taken it for the lesson it was, and I was too dumb and young to "let it get through my thick skull." "What do you need?" "I've toyed with it. I wouldn't say I'm a great shot, by any means." "All right. Okay." "Okay. Thank you." "I'm sorry." He walks along with you, eventually leading you back to Percy's workshop where the instruction is given for the weapons. Anything beyond that he doesn't understand about the rifles. Nothing construction, general outfitting. He seems to be more of an adept student than you expected. He's got some intellect to him, at the very least, he can pick up the details pretty quick. Quick learner, when he puts his mind to it. About this time, as you're having this discussion, you can hear the bounding of armored feet, and bursting through the partially open door you see, fully armored, eager, hair pulled back in a tight braid, big old maul scraping on the stone behind her. "All right. When are we doing this?" "Tomorrow? That's--" (laughter) "It's really quiet here. I'm getting extremely bored." "I mean, whenever you need to, I'm just saying--" "I'm very confused right now." "Okay, hang on, whoa. I need some clarification here." The hammer slams down onto the stonework. (laughs) No, you guys were teaching him about the guns when she came back. Mind you, he seems largely confused and doesn't seem to know what's going on. "Excuse me?!" "No, nobody's doing that to me!" Immediately the maul gets grabbed, she says, "Here?" "Are you crazy?!" "Obviously, yes!" "And you think you can trust this dragon?" "Come on, guys!" "Great! Perfect!" "Why don't we kill the dragon here, and then kill the other dragon there--" "You are a lucky bunch of sons-of-bitches, that I'll give to you!" She leans on her hammer. "Yeah, and who told you that? Who told you that was going to happen? Who at the very first "moment you showed him to me said, 'This guy is going to try and kill you?'" "Yeah, you're all going to die!" "Oh, I'm coming with you, because I'm not going to let you die!" "God. Stupid bunch of gits, I swear. Bahamut, are you serious? (scoffs) This is "ridiculous. I'm not going to tell anyone you made this plan until it's done, because this is "stupid as shit." "Yes, it does." "Please don't call me that." "Where's the dragon?" "What about the one that's here?" "Hiding?" "So this whole deal, you just don't trust me enough to tell me where the dragon's sleeping in "our place right now? You're all acting very weird." "Please." "It is very tempting, trust me, yes it is. But I'm also not stupid." "I was about to say--" "Good." "You're asking me to lie?" "I'm not real good at lying." "That I can do." "You come near me with any sort of magic mumbo-jumbo, I'm going to clock you in the head, Scanlan." "I love you, but I'm going to clock you in the head if you try and wipe my memory, little gnome." "Until what?!" "I have no idea what you're talking about, and this is really starting to frustrate me. Are "we going to kill a dragon?" LAURA and "We're going to kill two dragons?" "Great, okay. What's the plan?" "I'm not going to lie, I admire your drive and gusto. Just be smart about this." "All right. Well, then." "If we're leaving soon, I'm sticking with you guys." Yeah, and as you're listening in you gave him all the instruction and he takes it in pretty well. Jarett catches up with you, and you both coordinate with that. All right. You head to the Sun Tree while the rest of you gather the rest of your materials and supplies. Okay, so that's two damage off any of your ranged attacks. So keep note of that. As you attune the weapon, there's a brief familiar dark glow on the weapon, and all the three names that exist on the barrel all dissipate. It's now a clean barrel. Okay. Do you go to Asum's room? You knock on the door. A voice goes, (shushes). You hear lowered voices from the other side of the door for a moment. Okay. About ten minutes go by, and as you're gathering things Asum approaches. "I'm sorry, "Percy. I was indisposed." "No. I was keen enough to cover, but both the Cinder King and the Frigid Doom are under the "impression that there is no mounting danger." "Very well." "Might I ask what creature of great strength you intend to bait Vorugal with?" "Try me." "Reaching into the Abyss! That's curious." "I can see that kinship, as well." "I can be of aid, I just have to remain inconspicuous. I cannot be seen to be part of this "confrontation." "And all shall be fine." "This was not discussed. Who would you intend to bring into this deal?" "And disposable?" "I follow. All right." "Oh, in this form? I have many forms I can take. I have an idea. Very well. Fetch me when "you're ready." "Why not travel with you and your band? That seems like a waste of magic." "I understand that, but if you're going now, it takes me at least three, four days of travel "over the ocean to get to Draconia." "You're a funny little man." "Well, then. I'll see you tomorrow." And Asum turns around and exits. All right. You guys make your way to the Sun Tree. While you're walking, Keyleth, you head there, as well. Is there anything you wanted to do before they arrive? Okay. So you go beneath the tavern, into the basement, down into the little tunnel beneath that leads to the Sun Tree's roots. Okay. It's less of a merger and more as you touch and connect to the roots, your consciousness and the Sun Tree's consciousness can combine. Yeah! You grab the roots and feel the warmth flow through your hands and there your consciousness connects with that of the Sun Tree, and you are both present in that same plant space. "Hey, Keyleth." (giggling) "Hey, Keyleth." "Doing all right." "A little cold, but... Whitestone." "Yeah, Keyleth?" "I don't rightly know." Which, as he converses with you, he says, "I've been here a long time. Don't really get "around much, being a tree." But you do feel this light, fuzzy, blue, almost like a mist energy, like a particle energy that is coalesced around Whitestone and above it, and it shoots off in six different directions, some that curl up northwards, some that curl out over the ocean, and you see them spider out in places and then go beyond your peripheral. The ley-lines only spider out past the Alabaster Sierras; you can't see much further than that. Let me look at the specifics of Commune with Nature real fast. Unfortunately, the spell only lasts for up to three miles. You sense that yes, these ley energies do travel much further and surround the world and make a network of various magical pathways, but unfortunately the Sun Tree and your vision right now doesn't go far beyond Whitestone. "Yeah. It isn't a lot." "Can't say I do." "Keyleth, calm down. I'm happy to answer your questions, invite you to my space. Just "because I'm not an all-seeing tree, don't be angry with me." "Angry in general. Just chill." "Yeah, it is." (laughter) "Yeah, Keyleth?" "More or less." The tree may know a lot, just, the right questions need to be asked. The Sun Tree says, "To "be perfectly honest, Keyleth, even Pelor's grace left this place hundreds of years ago. His "presence is here in bits and pieces, but when I was first taking seed, the gods were much more "present, much easier to read. Kind of lonely nowadays." "I know, Keyleth. I know." "When you're around, Keyleth, nobody can be lonely." Don't make it weird, Laura. "I appreciate that." "You've got to come to me." (laughter) "That's all that matters, Keyleth." "You're cool too, girl." "Probably." "Oh boy." "It tingles a little." "That's all right." "I appreciate it." "Bye, Keyleth." As you go up top, the whole group is gathered there, currently. All right, what's your spell DC on this? Well, you didn't have your hand cone out, though, when you did it. Kima's eyes blink for a second. "Didn't I warn you, Scanlan Shorthalt, not to try and wipe my mind?!" She's taking a hit. Natural 20. (gasps) You take 35 points of damage. 27 of it blunt damage from the actual impact with the hammer; the rest of it's thunder damage. As her Holy Thunder Maul slams into the side of your head and sends you skidding ten feet across the ground, coming to a halt. "Damn right, he did." "I love you guys, but--" "Thank you. I've been tense recently, anyway." "This is true. Shall we get on with it?" TRAVIS and The sideways tree was where you came through, but you found a tree above that you could get to. Yeah. Okay. You finish your Transport Via Plants spell. The portal opens. You all begin darting through, Kima darts through. Who's the last one out? Make a perception check. 11. Okay. You dart through the portal before it closes. You all emerge from the other side. The cold, snowy ice hits you. There is actually a bit of a snowstorm that is blowing through right now as you come on the other side. Immediately, the wind chill hits you, and it gets extremely cold. It was darker in the day; it was starting to get later in the afternoon. Here, it is night. It is blustery. Not quite blizzard, but definitely a heavy snow. Decent wind, night, on the bluff right outside the ravine that dips down into the remnants of Draconia, and the small, icy throne that Vorugal currently calls home. It's night. You don't know what hour, but it's black night. Okay. You had armor on before, right? The armor was plus two, right? You have the item card for it? Then yeah, your armor class would be up by two. All right, so. You guys enter the mansion. Kima comes in, looking around. "Well, that's pretty "damn swanky!" (shushes) "No." "Fine. I've slept in worse." "I don't need any help." She leans up against the side of the foyer wall and starts taking her armor off. She's keeping an eye on Scanlan the whole time. "I'm good here." "I actually am pretty hungry, yeah." "Thank you." What else do you guys want to get done in preparation for this? You can, yeah. But do you have it prepared? I don't think it works that way unless it says it's a ritual. Sorry. Yeah, Heroes' Feast is not a ritual, so you have to have it prepared. Okay. What are you going to scry? Tooma is the leader of the-- They're not Draconians. These are the Ravenites. Draconians were essentially wiped out. Ravenites currently hold the ravine. Just so you're aware, you can only scry on someone on the same plane of existence, so you'll have to step outside the mansion to scry. Okay. Okay, both you guys make perception checks. What's the total on that for you, Vex? Okay. For what distance that you can see, there is no light visible down in the ravine. It is pitch-black darkness. You can see around you, there are the trees that you guys came through, a couple of other barren, broken trees that have been long dead or at least leafless for a while, slowly curling over the edge of the ravine. The land has eroded over time and they've slowly begun to move with it. You don't see anything else in the immediate vicinity. It is freezing cold, though. You're doing okay because of your armor. You're a little chilly, and you're shaking naturally from the wind chill as you're preparing the ritual. You begin to focus on the scrying. Who are you scrying on, currently? All right. As the cold begins to hit, the tips of your fingers begin to go numb, you finish the ritual. Your eyes glaze over white, and your vision projects itself into the darkness in front of you. It rushes down like a sudden drop of a roller coaster into the bottom of the ravine, and is rushed to the side, inside the warm interior of the wall on the western end of the ravine. Darting through a number of familiar tunnels, you find yourself back to the small village that was built by the Ravenites, through the central circular opening where the small fountain was, and you're thrust into the tent where you first met Tooma. There you see upon the throne is Tooma with four guards around, currently draped over and asleep. Slowly snoring as her head droops. You can't really tell. You only have focus on her. You see very fuzzy things. There's not a lot of action around that you can tell. The scry finishes. Your fingers are now getting more cold. Putting your flame hands to warm yourself up a bit. Well, Vorugal's lair is in the open of the ravine. It's a little ways up. Where you guys are up on top, it goes down into the ravine, and the ravine curls through and splits off in different directions. In the center of where a section of the ravine forks off, in the center there is that cluster of ice with all the spikes off it on top of the rubble of one of the central islands of Draconia. That's where Vorugal is currently living. Generally, a particular creature you can choose from. I can let you scry on the location, but I'll have to make you roll for it. Okay. Anything else you guys wish to do to prepare for the evening, before the morning comes? Okay. Make a dexterity check. Add your dexterity modifier to a d20 roll. 16. You take a moment and take one of the pistols. The little barrel clicks out, and you go, "Oh!" You take-- 11? You've seen Percy load a bunch, so you go and take this small bit of powder, put it in, put the bullet inside. It slides in, and it seems fine. All right. Anything else, guys? Maybe a half- to quarter-mile away from the entrance to Tooma's area. They don't work from within the mansion to outside the mansion. It's a different plane of existence, technically. Yeah, it gets rid of tracks. Makes you harder to track. You're going there right now? Yeah. Okay. Both of you go invisible. You turn Minxie. What are you doing? You guys are all stealthing along the top of the ravine? How are you getting down? It's a cliff. It's the Grand Canyon. Okay. You guys disappear down into the ravine. You lose eye contact with them once they're outside of 120 feet of you. Okay. Okay. Make a-- Make a perception check. Either of you. 22. All right. You glide down, and it takes you a moment, but you do, over the next 30 minutes or so it takes you to finally find the area that's familiar to you in this dark, that is where you guys previously were. You're having to look around for quite a bit, and it's a lot of having to go back up again and glide around. It's a big space, and in the dark, in the middle of the night, it's very difficult for you to figure out any sign of where you previously tread. You do manage to find it, but you're now looking at-- how long does Invisibility last? Okay, so you guys are about halfway through Invisibility's functionality. Marisha, make a survival wilderness check. A stoop? This is wisdom survival. Okay. Best you can, you begin to follow the edge of the ravine and try and do your best, remembering the path of the ravine based on where you were previously and taking in what sort of outcroppings and structures were familiar to you. You think you may have found, over time, something near the entrance. You're not sure. Best you can do right now. You guys eventually find the entrance where you were led in by the rest of the Ravenites. You zip through, and it begins to open up into the subterranean town, if you will. It is very quiet. There are a few walking, appear to be sentries, haphazardly armed and armored. But it seems like the majority of those here are sleeping. Both of you guys appear. Do you begin to walk toward the central-- It's a quiet, underground tunnel with a bunch of huts and tents and small abodes that are all silent. There are two wandering sentries that are armored. As soon as you begin walking through, they both turn and look, and see you. Spears out. "Put your weapons down." "I see a sword at your side." "Yes." "You, too." Persuasion check. (Draconic words) The other guard walks off. There's an awkward three-minute beat where he's staring at both of you intently, with the spear out. Eventually the other guard comes back and talks back to him in a language you don't understand. (Draconic words) "It is a strange hour to drop by, but Tooma will see you. Leave your weapons where they lay." "They will stay where they lay." "Come with us." Both of them stand behind you guys, spears to your back, and nudge you to continue forward. You make your way to Tooma's tent. The four guards inside are there, with their spears at the ready. Two of them have shields and they're-- not an aggressive stance, but definitely alert and making sure that you're aware, by their physicality, that they're paying attention to you and are ready to deal with anything you bring. Across the way, there's a small fire in the center of the room, a small fire pit that is largely burned out now to small embers. The smell of smoke and sage is very prominent and strong in the room. Tooma, you can see, is now cupping a small goblet made of simple wood. You see steam rising off of it, and she's sipping. "It is a very strange hour." "Aye, it was close." "You are not among enemies. Your weapons will stay where they are while we speak." "Then you should leave." "That is your choice." "I would love to hear about it, but I do not talk to people who stumble into my home before the "sun rises with weapons and arms at their side." "They will not be touched! Everyone is sleeping, foolish gnome." "That can be done, yes." Her eyes curl up with a slight, slick sound of older, not-as-moisturized lizard eyes. You see these eyelids click across as she thinks. "Across, to the northern side of the ravine, the ramp leads "up. Up that ramp, you will see a circle of stones, a hundred feet across. That should suffice." Make it. 16? "The dragon is always hungry for a hunt. It's hungry now, I'm sure." "We will be ready." "We'll be ready." "I will tell my men." "Please, leave me." You guys leave the tent, make your way back. Your weapons are right where you dropped them. You make your way out toward where the cavern opens into the ravine itself. The snow is still a good foot and a half up now, up the ravine. What do you guys do? I'd say it's getting pretty close. You're not quite sure of the exact time. All right. You take the wind, the cold wind hitting the wings. Even though they're an extension of the armor, you feel this twinge of cold hit you. Thankfully you have your resistance up, so it's helping with that. All right. Thank you for noting that. All right. You guys invisibly coast up through the ravine. Making your way up onto the top of the cliffside, into a soft bank of snow. Keyleth, you do hear the (soft impact) of several footfalls maybe 40 feet to the left of you. You look over to see an indentation in the snow. You guys watch Minxie emerge from the darkness and snow. You hear, (nonsense meowing). (laughter) You both could ride Minxie. I mean, not full, but they could both be on your back and you'd be like, (strained noises). You could carry them along. You eventually bring them back to the outside of the door, with Vex waiting for you on the stoop. You guys make your way into the warm interior of Scanlan's mansion, where Kima is currently de-armored and snoring, leaning against the foyer wall. You guys prepare yourselves for an evening's rest, for tomorrow, you battle one, possibly two dragons. And that's where we're going to leave the session for tonight. We'll be back here next week for whatever this chaos is going to be. We've got Yenk the goristro coming in versus Vorugal, the Frigid Doom, versus Raishan, the Diseased Deceiver. The Diseased Deceiver. Don't roll low. Don't roll low, Sam. Please don't roll low. That would be so bad. Or so great. You're probably pretty good because you have a high enough charisma. For you, Enhance Ability, let's see. Let me look at the rules for this. It should say on the scroll. What do you have to roll? Actually, Enhance Ability might help with that. It does give advantage on checks to the specific ability, which would be charisma. So it would be Eagle's Splendor, you would get advantage on charisma checks. So in theory, that could help. We'll define it more. I'll look at the scroll I wrote up, look at the rule, make sure we confirm that before next episode, but yes. That is probably a possibility. And if this is an ability check, you could also inspire yourself with a d12. Anyway, start thinking how you're going to handle this next week, guys. You've got a week to pull this together. Yeah, you guys are having a whole night where you can work this out. You don't know.