Everyone, welcome to the new episode of Critical Role. This evening, we luckily have Ashley Johnson back in as her character Pike. Unfortunately, Laura Bailey will be gone for most of the game, possibly, she might come in, 'cause she's busy recording a show with Wil Wheaton. It's gonna be a great show, but we'll miss her, until she shows up. However, we shall see what the next chapter has in store in just a moment. In the meantime, let's go ahead and get you situated with the character backgrounds. This week got away from me, and Ashley got it to me a little late, but we'll have it up next week, don't worry. However we are happy to have Ashley with us. (all cheer) She's come down from her BAFTA cloud. (all laugh) Which is amazing, congratulations again. So yeah, as a heads up too, if you wanna do any quick announcements real fast, I think you had an announcement you wanted to make. Happy birthday Ashley's mom, yay! Well, hello! Also for those who are Hearthstone players, the new Black Hawk Mountain Expansion came out today, in which I voice Nefarian and Ragnaros. (all cheer) My vanilla-WoW-playing self from back in the day is nerding out over that, so enjoy that. Anyone have anything else they wanna announce or talk about? Are we good to start? All righty. Congrats. Way to go, level 64. So you're just barely into burning crusade, good man. (all laugh) There you go, Alex Jaffe, look it up. All right guys, so, getting to the game at hand. So little overview for the story, the party has been sent to the city of Kraghammer, through a friend of theirs named Arcanist Allura Vysoren. A good friend of hers and a folk hero throughout the land known as Lady Kima of Vord, who's the halfling paladin of Bahamut, has gone missing. She went on a vision quest as part of a pilgrimage she's been on for the past year, and sensed a dark evil brewing far beneath the city of Kraghammer. Disappeared into the city and hasn't been seen for weeks. So Arcanist Allura asked the party, hired them essentially, to go and see her whereabouts. Upon getting to Kraghammer, they interacted with some of the local characters, eventually found theirself talking to Lord Nostoc Greyspine, who owns the mines at the very bottom of Kraghammer proper. After a brief encounter with a mutated abomination of a Naga creature, they were then hired by lord Nostoc to go into the mines, find whatever's creating these abominations, destroy whatever is the source of them, and he will pay well and also pay for each creature head that is brought to him individually. After getting into the mines, a few battles ensue with some of the local denizens, couple of the umber hulks, that were turned into snails, and other interesting circumstances. The party then found what looked to be an entirely abandoned goblin city, and a series of goblinoid corpses, many of which had bored holes in their skull in various states of decay. They found a long bridge across an open chasm. Upon traversing it, Scanlan went invisible, and found what looked like a duergar war camp, which are like ashy-skinned, evil dwarves that live deep underground. Watched a dwarf get executed by what appeared to be some sort of strange alienoid creature, that was revealed to be an illithid, or a mind flayer. A being that is psychic and consumes brains. Upon returning, the party had a plan to lead them off of a illusionary cliff, that went pretty well. Ended up taking out a significant portion of the charging army at the time. Vax here, however, got stunned on the way across by the one mind flayer, nearly fell, however was saved by Tiberius at the last moment. Nearly lost their magic carpet, but it was retrieved. Yeah, it got recovered. Barely. (laughs) After brief discussion, Keyleth and Vex decided they didn't want to listen to anyone's bullshit, and hijacked magic carpet, flew down into the chasm below, and discovered behind one of the underground waterfalls some sort of a mind flayer who was cast out from the society, covered in rags, kind of a twisted physical form, and after a very tense discussion seemed to befriend it under the guise of mutually agreed retribution against those that are oppressive to this whole chasm area. Clarota. I don't think he'll take kindly to Clarence. However, this is where we left off the previous game. As you guys have gathered up, and you've finished your luxurious song to try and ease his torn form, he finishes tapping his toe in spite of himself. Looks about the rest of the group and says, once again, not vocally, but speaking directly into your mind, through a horrifying whispered voice that you cannot even close your ears to get rid of, "I think it's best we rest out of sight." He points across the chasm, to the war camp that is looming across the way. He begins to dart off towards the abandoned goblinoid village. As you guys make your way in toward the goblinoid village, you can see Clarota who is genuinely hovering about a foot off the ground, and kind of just coasting around in a very creepy way. Finds one tent, opens up and looks inside, "Here, here we can talk." Darts inside. As you're following-- As you're following towards the center of this town, you, see in the distance, a small light moving, back from the direction where you first saw that duergar camp, where Grog was assaulted. Both of you guys roll stealth. So, as you officially vanish into the ether and surrounding darkness, Scanlan, who still has that song stuck in his head from earlier, his slow jam is just... (laughs) Abstractedly humming to himself without realizing, and calling a little bit of attention, at which point you began to hear some footsteps in the distance that come to an immediate halt. Go ahead and make a perception check. You can make perception check with disadvantage, because you're under his arm. No. All right. Actually, directly looking in the direction of that duergar camp earlier, you can see behind a pillar that's blocking your view, it's obstructing your view of the actual camp proper, you can see some movement in the light. You hear some shuffling, it sounds like plate. You hear a voice just kind of muttering to itself. A familiar, female gnomish voice. As you guys take a look at Pike, you notice she's fully armored, but dirty, she's got sweat across her face, looks like she may have had a couple scuffles on the way through here. She's got a wild look to her eyes. Genuinely relieved to see you. Pike, you've managed to come down here through the front of the mines, which for the most part have been clear. You follow what details you can after asking around and discovering that the rest of your party had ventured below without you. You've followed the tracks best you can, and are glad that you at least chose the right path and ran into them before you ran into something far more dangerous. What you were inspecting was this campsite that appeared to have been abandoned. What caught your eye was against the stone wall right above the ring of stones that form the fire itself, there is a giant symbol carved into the stone that is a protective sigil of Bahamut, the platinum dragon, which is a religious symbol of protection, used in different divine rituals. Go ahead and make a religion check. You clutch your holy symbol instinctually as you reach up and run your fingers along the stonework, tracing the carving across the stone. As you do, your eyes close, and you feel the warmth of Sarenrae's presence fill your mind for a second, and for a split moment, you can see a well-armored, very driven, female halfling with hair pulled back into tight brown braids, a dark green cloak thrown over one shoulder, who's currently carving that symbol into the stone. You're seeing Lady Kima of Vord, the one who left this symbol, to protect her campsite as she made up camp here. You don't know how long ago this transpired, but this was definitely left by her in this tunnel. All right, you make your way back to the tent that was originally scouted out. The rest of the party's there waiting as Clarota is awkwardly sitting in the far end, just looking out as all of you slowly approach and enter the tent. Not speaking, just reactionary, and keeping a watch on all of you. You get a better look as you approach this entity. You see what looks like a very tall, thin, gaunt-looking humanoid with a hood over the head as you approach. You get a better look at the facial features. Smooth, kind of dull, bluish-purple skin. These sunken, creepy, yellowish green eyes, and instead of where a mouth or nose would be, you see four slightly twitching tentacles. Barely obscuring what looks like a round lamprey-like toothed maw. Do you wanna reach your hand out? There is no physical response, the hand is not extended, but you hear, in the middle of your mind, at full volume, a creepy whispered voice go, "Are you to be one of our allies as well?" "Very well, she may stay." Proverbial statement, I like that. At which point Clarota's eyes narrow, and you can feel just the general mood and energy of the inside of the tent grows dark. It grows mildly tense. Suddenly you feel this presence, a voice once again, fill your mind as Clarota says, "Seven years since I discovered my curse. "My form was struck with the brand of the Arcane. "And these foul arts proved difficult to conceal. "My brethren could sense my impurity, "my deviation, and cast me out. "I was severed from the Elder Brain. "And chased on threat of death, should I return. "I wandered these tunnels in squalor, "feeding on what paltry filth I could ensnare, "and fleeing from the ones I could not face alone. "In my wandering, I discovered a duergar stronghold, "with a magma pool, "and it proved to be a decent source of sustenance "for some time. "Paying off the occasional straggler. "Suddenly a great battle took place. "It appeared something had sieged the stronghold. "Reading the surface thoughts of the deep dwarves "I encountered in the following weeks, "I found a shift of power. "Whatever had taken this hold had now "demanded fealty of them. "And they accepted when faced with annihilation. "This entity that took the duergar by force, "they called K'varn. "I caught no sight of it. "But the fear I could sense, "from within these doors were so primal, so great, "that I knew to keep a distance to be safe. "But four months ago one of my estranged people, "was captured by these ash-skins, "and brought within the obsidian walls, "for what I assumed was interrogation. "Long after, the bulk of the Duergar people marched "in packs through the long, deep tunnels "that led to my people's colony "and attacked. "Strangely, before much bloodshed could occur, "which I only assume was the next step in this onslaught, "the fighting stopped. "And the colony allowed the ash skins to waltz "directly into the temple, unharmed, unchallenged, "where our Elder Brain resides. "It wasn't until after I discovered whoever this "K'varn is, they themselves infiltrated the temple, "and somehow took the Elder Brain under their own control. "I watched as my people had their will robbed of them. "And they took the will of all the others "that lived and breathed in these tunnels. "Now, a terrible army is forged of both factions. "And they walk under the banner of this K'varn. "Since this, I've fled back to the higher tunnels, "and scrounged for materials so I could "shield myself from the iron grip influence "of the now enslaved Elder Brain. "It took me weeks. "But I'm confident I'm safe from its influence. "For now." As it pulls the hood back, you see once again this kind of haphazard, metallic cluster of patches of metal, and iron, this dull kind of blue metallish glow, that you can only now see once he's sitting in near pitch darkness. As he reaches up and runs his finger along it, "Yes. "This I feel can protect me. "But I think... "I think there is a way to change the tides of this circumstance, "I feel that if I could somehow free my people "from the influence of K'varn, "release its hold on the hive mind, "my people would allow me to rejoin the colony. "To be one again with my family. "My brethren." "Yes." "We think as individuals, but the hive mind connects us all. "The hive mind gives us knowledge, history, direction. "It is the source of our family." "Yes." At which point it turns its gaze away, and slinks down into its form slightly. "They put their faith in the arts of the mind. "Both understanding, "manipulating, controlling, and devouring." "You'll help me free my people? "To be family again, to belong." "It would take weeks to build another." It gives you a look in response and says, "This protects me from the influence of the hive mind, "my preexisting connection." "Stay hidden from the others. "Their sight is the mind's sight. "The Elder Brain is a collection of the once living mind flayers "of my people." It looks to the side and says, "Our ambition is to pursue the continuation "of our knowledge-seeking. "We have no interest in the surface. "We only wish to spread our dominion here below. "Expand our great city of Yug'Voril." "Yug'Voril." "It's beautiful." "For this deed, of freeing my people from this "insidious presence that is K'varn..." "I believe this could be arranged." Go ahead and make an insight check. It's too late for the assist, unfortunately, 'cause it's already rolled. Best you can tell, those who are looking into it, he seems to be speaking from a point of desperation, and intent, as he has no other option. He is genuinely-- You can see it in the way he talks, and the way he speaks about his family. He's a little crazy. The isolation has put him to a point where he wants to return to his people, and will do whatever it takes to get back with them, however, he also seems to be, in a weird way that you can read, appreciative that you're willing to help, and seems to be, on his part, genuine. As a note, music's not playing? I don't know if there's a reason for that. You put the pot on your head. It's clunky. You cannot see with the pot on your head. "No, they can peer into your very mind." "If they know you're there, you're in sight, "they can read into you." "If you are obscured, unknown to them, then you are hidden. "They cannot sense you, but if they know you are there, "they can peer, they can pry." "Hidden from sight. "Be hidden from knowledge. "Be hidden from them." "Clarota!" "I have nowhere to go. "They are my essence, my connection. "I long to return. "It is the way of my people, "I understand this curse I hold. "I spite myself, I look upon this disease, and spit. "But perhaps, "with this deed, they can overlook it." "You know nothing of my culture. "You presume too much." "We may if you wish. "Their stronghold is far below. "The magma leads the way. "However, if I know what I've seen, "the general resides in that camp. "I know no way within the stronghold, "without the brunt of their army. "Perhaps the general can be pried for information. "If you bring him to me." "I will be coming." "There is a temple in our city. "Where my people reside, that is where the Elder Brain sits." "Their forces are gathering there. The bulk of their army "currently is divided between that and the stronghold below." "They will be prepared. "So you must find another way in. "You must think how to not be seen." You've never ever, in your life, ever heard someone else chuckle inside your brain, but you hear within the center of yours (chuckles) "Think, yes." "I've only watched from a distance. "Getting too close was too dangerous. "I only read surface thoughts. "If I were seen, I would be nothing, "I would be destroyed." "None." You see it actually hisses for a second, as soon as you mention this he goes, "No, avoid. "That creature is older than all of us. "It resides there, an ancient mind. "One that should be "Kept at bay. "An aboleth." Its eyes narrow once again, not quite understanding the words you use, seemingly amused. As a brief aside, too, I checked the connection on my iPad, I'm playing music fine, and the connection's in the iPad, I don't quite know where it's losing its connection. But I think we need some music. There we go. The area after the big drop that was at the bottom, there was a lake of water. And there was a waterfall coming out of the natural-- Is the stream down by the way? All right, so let us know when it's back up. I realize that. But that's a lot of water. "What resides in that lake is "something you wish not to tamper with. An ancient mind." "It clouds the water with its own filth. "You find yourself unable to breathe air." "Its mind, it takes--" "Yes." "It's rather large." "One could say, yes." Make a persuasion roll. He glares at you and says, "Our agreement does not include this interaction." It kind of bows its head, but does not move closer. It just slightly shows you an element of it. Best you can tell it looks like a skullcap that's been kind of decently made for what it is, but you can see some of the hammer marks on it, or whatever it was put together. It appears to be a very simple piece of metallic material. It looks like it is some sort of enchantment, probably what's causing the effect. It's not any mechanical device that causes it. You have never interacted with anything psionic-based before. The time to research that, and the materials needed to do it would take months. You can probably make a couple with the materials you have on hand. You are limited when it comes to resources, as you are currently halfway underground. "The dark, deep dwarves, "they hate light. This I know." "Yes. "They need to look into you, by knowing you're there." "Perhaps." "That's about the distance, yes." "It may. "If it gives you resistance to psionic influence, "it would be of aid, yes." "It may still try, but to be blind, "it would be very difficult for it to pry into your mind." "Probably. "That is a permanent enslavement." You'd be the cover of John Carpenter's "The Thing." Vex, your sister seems genuinely perturbed by the circumstance, but looks to you and says, "Look, I found him, you deal with the situation. "Just tell me what to do." "If you need rest, then rest. "Time of day has no bearing down here." Okay, I would recommend doing it after rest. The dice would go away while they rest. Go ahead and make a roll. Your engineering-- your tinker's kit. Plus your tinker's kit proficiency. It's down underneath your skills. Proficiency, at the very bottom left. You can add your proficiency modifier to your intelligence check. Add your intelligence modifier plus four. All right, and so what are you trying to accomplish with this arrow again? Okay. You manage to work out what seems like a tanglefoot bag-type detonation, where if an arrow were fired, it would be a grapple check against the individual, probably give them penalties until they're able to break free of the grapple. So yeah, success on that one. "Perhaps after. "I just am curious about the source "of your Arcane power." "Later." So Clarota closes his eyes, and kind of goes into a meditative stance. The rest of you, those who have spells to choose, go ahead and choose your spells accordingly for the next day. Good. Good. So as you all have your evening's rest... Not very comfortable. Number one, you're in the middle of a tent of a goblinoid city. Second, just the general proximity of sleeping near an illithid, you just have a general sense of unsettling dreams, imagery that is disturbing. Pike, you have many flashbacks to the vision you had, and actually wake partway through the night in a cold sweat. As you wake up, you all kind of slowly come to, it's about four hours into the evening's rest. You feel a slight tremor, a familiar tremor that you felt once before in this cavern. (rumbling) You feel the ground begin to vibrate and shake. Eyes are open, just sitting there. "There are many creatures that live in this rock. "You'd best be still." "Still." Everyone make a stealth check. Nope! Two natural ones? You both rolled natural ones. Those both count as two failures. Thankfully, the rest of your group all rolled pretty high. So it was four versus five. You guys just barely succeed. As you all hold still, barely breathe, the rumbling intensifies, and goes on for a good minute, minute and a half, before it eventually subsides. Fades into the distance. Rumbling is complete. It appears to be no issue. Clarota says, "Many of these creatures, they pick up on movement, "in that sound, be wary." "I've only got glimpses." "Larger, yes." Yeah guys, just so you're aware, every 50 subscribers we get, we are giving away an awesome Geek & Sundry game package. Oh, there you go, congratulations! We already got a winner. We'll be putting those out for every 50 subscribers we get tonight. We'll be choosing one to win that awesome award, our wonderful package, so keep that in mind. Okay, go ahead and make a survival check. Actually, this would be investigation. Takes about an hour. You manage to find, essentially, a few piles of rather disgusting, sticky, goblinoid refuse, that you imagine will probably stick and burn pretty well. In a pitch-type way, yeah. You find just a whole bunch of goblin shit. As a note, just remember. Because you're the one who walked through. There is essentially a shanty town, a tent city of war tents. With a few rock formations. You also notice that, or you remember last time, that there was the main square that had the raised platform. And then there was the small stone barracks, where it seemed both the mind flayer and the duergar general both went back in. Well that's where you saw at least they were last time you were there. "I can try to cloud his mind with mine, "but you have to swear to protect me from harm." "Then I will come. "You must work swiftly. "If we can leap most of the city, "get to that barrack, storm it, "and take out the mind flayer that resides." Yes. It is, yes. You said you were casting Stoneskin? Stoneskin is concentration. The moment you cast another concentration spell, it goes away. To increase his dexterity? So essentially you have advantage on dexterity-based checks, yeah. Yes. A giant flare coasting over the city. All right, so that's preparation there. That wondrous rendition allows you a d8 inspiration dice, hold on to that. All right. Scanlan. Pike is heavy with the plate mail, but it's still enough to carry with your giant eagle form. At which point you feel this strange lifting sensation, for a second your stomach kind of has butterflies, and you realize that you can just think forward, and you drift forward. Think back, you drift back. Think up, you drift up. For him to carry you? Yeah, yeah. You actually clutch Grog by the sides of his face, and start steering him. (all laugh) Vex, for the time being, because it's just easier to organize for that, is coming on the carpet with you guys, and is preparing in case she is needed. She's feeling smug about making another RPG right now. It's an awkward zig zag. All right. You guys are all coasting over the chasm. Now you're over the top of the large bridge, and the 200-foot-wide open hole in this tunnel that leads to the lake below. As you glance down, you can see just a little bit of a trickle from the soft red light that is deeper inside. You can see the small streams of lava, they're just slowly pooling at the bottom on the outskirts of the lake proper. As you begin to make it to the other side, you can see tiny shapes moving in this barely lit war camp of the duergar. As you're coasting over, and Clarota is along with you guys with his hood up, he kind of whispers into all of your heads, just, "Beware that some of these armies "carry abominations created below within my city. "I know not what to expect from them. "So be wary." As this happens, everyone make a stealth check. Everyone, because of the Pass Without A Track, everyone gets a plus ten to their stealth check. Plus ten. Thanks to Keyleth. Keyleth, however, you are carrying two gnomes, so you have a disadvantage on it. 18. All right. You guys begin to crest over the very top of the war camp, and looking down you can see now, there are what looks to be the beginnings of tunneling siege engines being constructed. Siege. You can see giant wheeled carts with drills up front, giant auger bores that are being currently constructed. You can see what looks like a series of weapons being stacked at the ready. You can see there is a preparation for some sort of attack on the city above. Continue to press ahead. There does not seem to be any reaction to your flying. You guys make it towards the center portion of the city. You can just start beginning to see the opening in the center of this war camp. There is a circle where there are no tents constructed, you can see what looks to be a small wooden platform, and there is a stone building that is of makeshift functional construction. Not pretty, but functional, looks like a barracks, or some sort of a large bunker. Right on the northern side of that opening, that center portion of the war camp. That would be what you saw, both the general and the mind flayer head of this encampment go into last time you-- Yes. There is a roof to it, you don't know if there's any roof access. But there is a roof. You guys are currently floating about 100 to 150 feet above the war camp, you do not appear to have been noticed yet. You can certainly try. There was weight, but you're not aware of how much was on it. You don't know how much weight is on there, total. There's no verbal response, but you do just emotionally sense a slight hint of regret. (all laugh) You guys descend. Eagle flies down, you both, (wind rushing), as part of the landing, everyone make a secondary stealth check. TALIESIN and You still have the spell. You rolled at disadvantage? Okay. Two failures. Pass Without A Trace is the saving grace. A bit of a harsh landing, from your perspective, but thankfully you have two small gnomes to break your fall. ASHLEY and You drag them a little bit across the stonework on the top. It's not stonework, actually. Most of this whole thing, is stonework, it looks like the roof of this is made of like a thick scavenged wood. Whether it was taken from the surface or from the mines itself, it is just wooden planks that are all keeping-- Looking around, there is no roof entrance. It looks like it is purely a functional roof for any weathering, rocks, you do see there are a few small rocks and pieces of cavern that may have plummeted here. No chimneys, no nothing, there doesn't appear to be a fireplace, or any sort of interior like that. Glancing over the sides, you can see that on the floor-- You can't really tell if there's two floors or not, it looks tall enough to have two floors, but you don't see a set of windows or anything that belies that to you. May just be a really tall single floor. But there are a couple of small window openings, one on each side of-- [static] You immediately disappear from view. You currently, visually do not exist. You guys are all on the roof now, you're fine. Your Fly spell vanishes, you feel your weight return to you for a second. For a split moment you're a little sad, 'cause you were having fun. West side! As you glance over, it is just an opening. There is no glass. There is nothing blocking the way. It is about roughly big enough to fit a normal-sized half-elf or human. As you grab him and you're bringing him down, you cast Invisibility on yourself, you both vanish now, all the rest of you are kind of holding your breath, hoping that now that you don't know what's happening, it's gonna go well. All right, yeah, you're good. You gingerly scale down the wall, the stones thankfully are just haphazardly put together, where there's enough grip space for you to catch on. Little late for that, but okay. (all laugh) As the two of you step into this room, you look about you, and there are some ramshackle, makeshift beds in the room. Five to be exact, from right to left. This appears to be one portion of a barracks-type sleeping arrangement. Beds are empty, they're kind of tossed, they're not like well-kept or anything. There's sheets kind of tossed about, and it smells awful in here, but it-- From? No. Yeah, not weirdly. There's still a stealth check 'cause you're invisible, but noise is still a factor. You just have advantage on your stealth check. Beyond being invisible, you guys make your stealth check. You have an advantage, you roll twice. 'Cause you're both invisible. All right. You both feel you're stealthed, there is one opening into a hallway here. Down to this one. As you guys step out, you can see immediately there are two duergar guards right by a door that leads to a central chamber. All right. Immediately you see-- Two more Duergar guards. Okay, looking inside, you can see these small symbols, basically just red stone, the glow stone, that lights the underground caverns here and in a large portion of Kraghammer, are just embedded in the wall in a small sconce. Peering through here, you see one against the wall, you also see along the edges here, what looks to be racks of spears and pikes and hammers and various war accoutrements of weapons, just hanging, and there's a set of armor, over a small, wooden arrangement, the armor itself is just being stored there. This looks to be like a fast-grab armory. It is the front door, it is currently closed, though. Just come out this way. There is one duergar here. There doesn't appear to be a doorway or entrance to the central chamber on this side of the hallway. They're about five feet apart, just enough space, like one is on each side of the doorway. Those are the small sconces with the glow stone, the red stone that lights the-- Go ahead and just make a general dexterity check. Yes. Just a dexterity modifier. All right, you-- (coin ringing) Ringing sound, both of the duergar kinda look over. They look at each other. Grunt for a second. This one nods her head and begins walking over to inspect it, this one stays at its post. All right, so, as you reach up, you grasp the back of this really nasty, wiry, thick duergar hair-- You yank the head back, and take the base of the blade, go ahead and make an attack roll. It's a surprise roll, so you have an advantage on the attack. I believe you have a bonus too, if you get the attack. That was to freak you out. All right, so just double-checking here as part of your ability. If you score it, and the creature is surprised, it is a critical hit, that's the other thing I was going to mention. This is an attack. That is going to hit, and that is a critical hit. Go ahead and roll damage with Sneak Attack. The Sneak Attack damage and the dice damage. As you pull the head back, you can hear a slight, a slight (gurgles) is about as much noise as can make it out before the blade just, right out the front of its throat, blocking any passage of the air. As you hold it, you twist the blade, it goes limp in your hand, but you catch it and keep holding it there, so it doesn't make any noise. You're now clutching a dead duergar. Into this room? Go ahead and make a perception check. You notice no traps. What you do notice, though, is there a giant kind of war room table, at the top of this raised platform. It's about six feet up, and there's a stairway that leads up to it. You see at the table. One of the illithid mind flayers. The armored general that you saw before. And there are two other duergar currently at the table. You hear footsteps behind you. So I'll say you go up here as well? Make a stealth check, both of you. No. Okay. You slink up behind, seemingly unnoticed. There's a slight twitch to the mind flayer's head, for a second, as you go ahead, and take a big ol'-- And fling it. (all laugh) Dexterity or strength, whichever's higher, strength higher? All righty. You fling it as the Invisibility spell wears off of you as part of the attack, you fling the bucket. A spray of thick, green, goblin fecal matter goes streaking through the air as the illithid turns, its eyes wide, to see you suddenly appear, and then suddenly see this entire batch of thick goblin shit just (splashes) across its face. Suddenly you see his tentacles writhing, as it screams, all of you hear in your head a scream. As this happens, you cast Stoneskin, you go in for the blade, and you hear a counter voice in your mind. Clarota going, "Now." Your head comes to an extremely bright glow, all of you averting your gaze. No, you're invisible. That definitely rolls to hit, you have surprise. Go ahead and roll. It's a critical, technically. Yep. So, roll damage on this. Stone skin. Light on his head. Going into a rage. Daylight on your shield. I will say for the purposes of this battle, there is no Trinket here, because Trinket would not have fit across the way to get there. You take the blade, and as it pierces the back-- It pierces the back of its skull, you feel the muscles in its neck tense in reaction to the blade, but the blade slips past. You can see a gout of purplish-black blood begin to spill from its neck, as it instinctually reaches up, and pulls the blade from the back of its head. What's the DC on the poison? It should be on the blade info. The poison does not seem to take effect, the body resists it. It is still alive. But it's clutching the back of its neck, as it turns around going (sputters), you can see its blood spurting out of its mouth, and its eyes are now just burning with rage. All the rest of these duergar are now reaching and pulling their weapons out. Everyone roll initiative. (all yell) Oh, shit. All right, so. 25 to 20? But you have no bonuses? You should have your dex bonus too. So, I'm gonna say you're probably going in first, buddy. All right, 20, 25 to 20, anyone else? What'd you roll? Yep, that'd be 21, yeah. All right, so. 19, anyone? 19, nice. 18, anyone? Nice. So, what's your? 16, all right, so Tiberius. Scanlan, what was yours? All right, top of the round is Vax, with initiative. You are now visible, you are not stealthed. No. You've gotten the one hit, it is completely aware of you, it is not a surprise attack. It is so aware of you, it has never been more aware of you in its life. (all laugh) Okay, that definitely hits. Attacking with your off hand? Yeah, you get the one attack, then you get the bonus hand. Which is just dice damage. Eight? All right. And your other attack? Are you doing your bonus attack? This is your new combat round, that was your main attack. 24 hits. Eight damage? So the first strike, you swing across with the flame tongue dagger. As it backs up, you put another gash across the front of its neck and chest area. It reels back and is looking at you with angry fury. You feel this coming shake, this horrible force of severe retribution coming to your mind, and as you're bracing for it, you take your other blade, you see its mouth opens up with frustration and anger as its tentacles kinda curl back, and just go in for the grab. You place the blade squarely into that maw, you feel the scraping of its teeth across your knuckles, but it doesn't matter, because whatever anger and light was once in its face, goes dark and dull. (all cheer) He was next, but not anymore. As it falls to the ground, all the rest of the duergar immediately have a reaction. We'll get to their turn in a second. Vex, you're up. So you're on the roof, up here right now. Run down, you're on a wooden roof surface, you heard before there's an entrance here, and an entrance there. So you hold on that. It is now this dude's turn, the general. He, unaffected by this, it seems, just angrily leaps on to the table, runs across, (groans), and jumps down towards you. As he does, you see his physical form seems to enlarge. His actual small dwarvish form begins to swell, his muscles tense. He's about the size of a normal person, if not a little bigger right now. He comes at you with this giant black, jagged metal war hammer. (groans) Comes down to swing at you, as he comes down, you see it burst into flame. There's fire now surrounding the head of this war hammer as it arcs toward you. That is going to be a 24 to hit. All righty. You suffer-- That would be... 12 plus six fire damage, so, 18, reduced to nine. You take nine damage from the strike. As it strikes down, it goes for a back swing to attack you a second time. That is going to be a 15 versus AC. This time you just dodge completely out of the way. Derge out of the way. Percy, you're up. Okay, Grog, your turn. Correct, you are. Go ahead and make a strength check. 15? All right. You bring your ax up, you bring it down on top as hard as you can, go ahead and roll ax damage. It's a d12 plus your strength modifier. Plus two 'cause you're raging. No. Nine damage, okay. As you swing the ax down, slam, it hits the wood. With the sheer weight of you there, and most of you guys conglomerated at that point, the actual roof breaks open and splits, into a small space. You slide down in the process. All right. Go ahead, both of you make an acrobatics check. Acrobatics check? Pike? You have disadvantage 'cause you're in plate armor. All right, so Grog, you manage to land on your feet. Pike, you actually plummet off and fall off to the side, right there. You are currently prone, and from the fall, which you guys both dropped down, you managed to reduce the damage, but you from the fall, you take eight points of fall damage. You are now flat on your back, the wind knocked out of you for a minute. All right. That brings us now, Vex and Percy are the same. Both jump down, go ahead and make your acrobatics checks, guys. What did you roll? Yes, which is? Your acrobatics, as you're proficient in it, and you have plus five dex, so that would bring it to 11? Or no, 12. You just barely land on your feet, you do take fall damage, but you don't fall prone. You take eight points of fall damage. Percy, you manage to land fine, without any damage, on your feet. On the ground, both of you kind of three-point landing. Avengers style. You do, that was your movement. So what's the deal? Do you have your glasses or goggles on? So go for it. Against the general, or one of the duergar? Yeah, you can just barely see him, the stairway is up there. Right, I know, and he does have, he has three-quarters cover because of the distance, but you natural 20'd, so it doesn't matter. You do, because-- Yep. (all laugh) Double dice damage, then add your modifier. To the general, nice. (explosion) He gets shot in the back of the shoulderplate, you hear it ricochet and a little bit of blood begins to streak off the back of his head. He looks over his shoulder with an angry grunt, you can see now this dwarf, who's still swelling in size. It looks, (growls), an angry nostril flare. You, have your bow ready? That guy there? Okay, go ahead and roll to attack. What'd you roll? A four, you had a plus 11 to hit, it's going to be a 15, unfortunately you miss. The arrow streaks past. Yeah, the arrow just ended up striking the wall back here and (explosion) arcs lightning throughout the wall, unfortunately does not-- You used your-- You used your bonus action to cast Lightning Arrow. Well, that was part of your regular attack, like your next arrow you fired. I think, let me double-check real fast, just to be sure. Because I don't wanna screw you out of a cool turn. Next time bring your sheet. That's okay. Yeah that's a bonus action to cast lightning, into your next arrow you fire, however, you do have two attacks. So you can shoot a second time. It just isn't affected by Lightning Arrow. That does hit, go ahead and roll damage there's 1d10, plus-- Oh, for the longbow? Okay, 1d8 plus five for your dex, and then plus two for the bow. Plus seven. Ten damage, all right. So first arrow just streaks off, hits the wall. As he's kind of staring at Percy, he looks towards you, and as he does, the second arrow sticks into the plate, he kinda looks at it. (grunts) Just snaps it off in the armor. Grabbing his two-handed sword, or sorry, the war hammer in the other hand. Minis, it's confusing. All right, that ends your turn. Grog, the light that is beaming from your helmet currently right now is filling up the room, and it is extremely bright, most of you guys can handle it. You see all the duergar at the table like (groans), bunch of duergar come running in as well, as they run in, they're having to shield their eyes, but it's actually physically hurting them to be in that room right now. They're like (groans). Keeping it at bay, this one attempts to run in, this one's kind of making its way over. These guys here, this one's gonna go ahead and run here, this one's gonna go ahead and come to Grog. These two are gonna come up behind. That guy's the general, yes. This one's gonna come up behind to you. All right, they have disadvantage on their attacks. Because of the light. (all cheer) Attack against you. That is a 17 versus AC. You just dodge out of the way. Next one, its war pick against you, Grog. That is 20 versus AC? That hits, all right. You take eight points of damage as it slams you with its war pick in the chest, you can feel it kind of gets about a half an inch of depth into it, but you just kind of shrug it off, and flex your muscles and it pops it out of your torso. The two against you. That'll be a 19 versus AC. And a 17 versus AC. All right, so you take two hits. That's 11 damage. And 13 damage as both of them start whaling you from behind with war picks. All right. Next up is the one that's attacking you. Scanlan, that's going to be, at a disadvantage, a 15 versus armor class. 14? That still strikes you. You take eight points of damage from the war pick. Slamming you over the shoulder. That ends their go, Tiberius, you're up. You're still on the roof, yes. You look through the hole, and you can see pretty much the entire battlefield. You're just up here looking down through it. You're currently the only one still up there. It's about 25 feet up? You are technically, because I can do it. I am. You are up here right now. Is that visible? Yep, right there. Yep, right there. Great, I will cast Grand Columns under all three of those dudes, and pin 'em. Right up against the roof. With my columns. The? But those pillars only go 15 feet up. 25? Oh nice. Okay. All right, so. Go ahead and what is your DC on that? Your spell DC? 17, all right. All right, the heartiness of the duergar resilience gives them advantage on saves against spells. They all make their saves. But they are still up on these platforms now, raised above. So what is-- Does it do any damage if they make their saves? So they are currently-- Good to know. (sings) New spells that just got released. All three of the duergar are crushed. Against the ceiling. Splat, splat, splat, they're all slammed into the ceiling, you can see limp dwarf arms and legs now dangling out of the stone pillars that are now permanently embedding them into the ceiling. What's the-- the DC is 17, you said? All right, natural 20. So he makes his save. (all groan) Okay. So we'll say a solid 14 points of damage. All right, gotcha. No other effect, just the damage from Blight, right? All right, Scanlan, you're up. Just you guys, the general. There's a guy right behind you. Those guys got slammed. With advantage, he rolled a one and a two, on the saving throw. (all cheer) All right. He turns around. Gives you a look, a strange look, he goes. "Men, all of you, drop your weapons! "Now. "We are surrendering to our new infiltrators." He throws his war hammer to the ground. The rest of them all kind of look around. Go ahead and, I'm gonna have you make intimidation check on his behalf. Yes. No, I'm just considering that, so you rolled 11? The three other duergar look confused, look at the dead mind flayer, look at their general telling them to surrender, and they all kinda throw their weapons to the ground, and stand there with their arms to the side, kind of waiting for what's gonna happen next. As you finish that, Clarota slowly drifts down. Clarota just kinda looks around. Says, you hear this voice in your mind go, "I had my doubts, but, well done." So. That ends that turn. Scanlan, do you want to move at all? Are you going to stay where you are? I mean, if you guys are deciding not to fight anymore, what's your plan? As this is happening, you guys feel a familiar tremble. In the ground. Everyone make a stealth check. (all laugh) All right. There is the rumble, gets louder and louder, and you can see the duergar looking around nervously. The rumbling kind of fades for a second. And with a cacophonous cracking sound, the stone floor beneath you splits open. Right here. Percy, make an acrobatics check and try to avoid whatever is coming through. All right, you manage to just pull out of the way. As a large-- A large armored four-legged creature comes bursting out of the ground around you. Lets out this horrible screeching growl, has this kind of hungry look in its eyes. Unfortunately, no. He is currently-- Is considered grappled. We're pushing through. You need a bottle. If you really need to go, you can. When it's not your turn. As this entity comes burrowing up from underneath the ground, it immediately makes a strike against-- This is gonna be a bite attack against you, Percy. That is, all right, 24 versus armor class. As you reactively attempt to move out of the way, this creature comes tearing out of the ground. Gets its bearings, rears back, and this giant, toothy maw comes clamping down onto your entire torso. You suffer 36 points of piercing damage. 36 points of piercing damage. That's going to end its turn. Pike, you're up. You are prone, you can use your movement to get back up. You still have your action, and your bonus action, it's just your move. All right, go ahead and roll for the attack. You add your spell attack modifier, it's on your spell sheet. So the top of your spell sheet. That definitely hits. So, Guiding Bolt, what does that do? 4d6, go ahead and do that. 16, all right. So you reach back, clutching your holy symbol. You get back off the ground, release your hand as this suddenly flaring blast of divine energy comes cascading out of the front of your palm, blasting into the side of the face, nearly searing one of the eyes of the creature. It rears back, brings one leg up instinctually, (growls) slams the ground in the process-- How you doing? That's disadvantage to your next attack. It lands, puts its foot back on the ground, and kinda gears its attention towards you. It's angling around the room for what should be its next meal. Anything else you wanna do? He's too far away. You could use your bonus action if you wanna use Healing Word. Okay, so go ahead and roll that for him. While you're doing that, brings us-- So Clarota now gets its action. Clarota now looks wide-eyed, seeing this happen. You hear a slight voice in the back of your head go, "This is complicating." As it rears back, you hear the slight echoing, screeching sound, that just manages to skirt the outside of your mental capacity. You feel like if you were any closer, or if it was directed towards you, it would be a horrible ringing pain in your head. You're just peripheral to it. It makes its attack. Unfortunately, the exterior, the bulette, and/or its mind shielding is too strong, it seems to have no effect on the creature. A bulette, is the entity. That ends its turn, top of the round, Vax. That's a duergar. Weapon on the ground, not armed right now. What's your movement? Okay, then you can definitely do that. Exactly, yes. You don't get an advantage on the attack, but if you attack, you do it. All right. Even the underbelly itself is heavily armored, you have to kind of gauge quickly where the plate is. 20? 20 hits. 22 damage? All righty. Got it. Cool, that brings us to-- The general is going to attempt to make a saving throw. Every time he gets a turn round, he gets a chance to break out of the-- And he does. Shrugs off the mental influence of the Dominate spell. However, he is not currently armed. He uses his movement, or action to pick up the war hammer. Fury and anger is in his eyes. Yeah, he used his whole turn to break out of the grapple and grab its weapon, that's all he can do. Right there. You have no idea. The flames on the hammer are out too. But it picks up the war hammer, it's cold black steel currently. That brings us to... Grog. You leap off the higher platofrm, come rushing out with your ax in the air, as you come down using the full weight of your body behind the attack, go ahead and roll your three attacks. You get to add a d8 to an attack roll. Barely hits. Hits, all three attacks hit. So all three attacks hit, roll damage for three hits. As you come now, just slamming your grey ax, into the side of this armored beast, just over and over again. Cleaving this nice little wide section of its armor on the side. 21, 22, and 14 you said? So, slam him, you see a portion of its side armor splits, you can see a little bit of that dark red, fleshy interior. You do a significant amount of damage, and leave a nice little weak point in its armor. However, it still doesn't seem to be entirely phased by the damage, it just kinda shrugs at the damage, and kinda glares at you for a second. One of its eyes that was focused on Percy and Keyleth, now looks over at you Jurassic-Park style, with the t-rex up at the side of the vehicle. Vex? Okay. So your bonus action to cast Hail of Thorns, and then you attack with the arrow, go for it. You're adding 11 to it. 18? 18 hits. Against the creature? Yep, go for it. There yougo. That'd be 25. Nice, all right, go ahead and roll damage, double the dice and add your modifier of seven. 15, all right. So what happens here is you pull an arrow out, as you whisper a couple of words under your breath, you see all these thorny spikes being to shoot out the shaft of the arrow. You release it and as it strikes in the front of its face, the arrow actually splinters, sending a bunch of these thorns all over its torso, piercing an inch or two into its armor with each blast of these thorns. It kinda rears back and tries to shake itself off. As it does, you get a little bit of a look as Grog backs away from it, checking to see the wound he left. You take your secondary arrow, aim for the red soft spot, boom, slips right past the armor plating, doing the extra damage on the interior of its physical self. Awesome, that's your turn I believe. Percy, you're up. If you'd like to, yeah, you could've left it there. You are considered grappled if you leave your hand there. You can remain grappled for advantage on the attack roll. You do. 19, that'll hit. How much grit did you spend? Okay, this is the-- So, your hand inside, you pull back and fire, knowing which barrel is next. You hear this dull(muffled explosion) sound, and its eyes kinda pulse for a second, in intense fury and pain, smoke just billows out the sides of its mouth, and its nostrils, and it begins to kind of shake its head, lifting you about a foot off the ground, painfully, but you think it's worth the deal. Well done. I will say that ends your turn. All right. The duergar, currently seeing the situation, and the change of tone, go and grab their weapons. This duergar is going to move up, back to you, Scanlan, as it sees that you were the one that took over the general. This one comes rushing in. Opportunists, man. It rushes after you, actually. All right, the attack against you, Scanlan. That is gonna be a 17 versus AC. All right, this one is actually also physically growing in size as it comes towards you. You suffer 16 points of damage. As the war pick comes slamming into your side. You see it's coming, but you're just not fast enough. It hits you, on impact, it may have cracked a rib, you're not sure. The one that's coming up against you, rolls, that's going to be a 17 versus armor class. You see it and just duck out of the way, its war pick slams into the stone wall next to you, with a horrible screeching stone sound. High-AC rogue, yo. All right that ends their turn, Tiberius, you're up. It's in the head area, right over here. It is on the ground. You make a telepathic wink. Interesting thought, okay. See if it-- the 17 is the DC? All right, it fails. So here's what happens. For the effect of this. It suffers, I'm gonna say it suffers about 2d6 points of damage from the tearing. So go ahead and roll that. So six damage, however, you have effectively reduced its armor class by five. In doing so. All right, go for it! No. Usually, 20 is only crit, except for, I think he has a bonus ability. It's okay, you're good, and you're a fighter, which means eventually you'll end up with four attacks per round anyway, so you're fine. Damage, what you got? Scanlan, you're on deck, by the way. Okay. (all laugh) That's correct, so. As you pull down with the ray, it streaks down across the ceiling portion of the building, right into the fleshy, exposed part of its armor, now it looks like it has this giant jagged scar in the side of its head, where you can see muscle and sinew pulsing with each of its movements. You blast into it, you can see this darkened black portion of its interior flesh, it's now charred, slight embers beginning to percolate and burn on the outskirts of the impact. Well done, you gonna stay where you are? Scanlan, what you got? All right. (all laugh) That's going to be a 13 versus armor class. You hear it coming, as you're walking, "buddy!" (all laugh) With advantage on its saving throw. What's the DC? The DC on your spell? I will say for this, you do not have it through your cone, because you had your arms open, you didn't specify, however, it still fails it's saving throw. The general, as you reach up, he has his war pick ready. Pulls back its war pick as the flames burst in. (all laugh) How long does it last, by the way? Okay. All right. You do get a bonus action. His electric flute gives you a d8 inspiration dice, so you can add that to any attack rolls. All right, so, Keyleth. Okay, I don't have a rhinoceros mini on me, so we'll use a bear for the time being, but we'll know it's a rhinoceros. 'Cause I was not prepared for such things. Hey, I'm gonna order a rhinoceros now, you happy? I'm gonna go to Toys R Us. So you transform into a rhinoceros, now basically facing an armored beast with an armored beast. Whatcha got, whatcha doing? You leap down, go in for the attack, this duergar already used its reaction, so it can't attack you. 19 does hit. Does save though, is not knocked over. Yeah. This is a big creature. Go for it. 14 damage, all right. You have multi attack or did you get the one hit? Okay yeah, so the charge is the hit. But you slam into it, your horn gores, you can see actually, you slam it into the side of the armor wound that Grog left and then Tiberius pried open. Part of it gets pulled back, and you see a quick splatter of some sort of bloody splash as you're staring to actually pull apart its interior. The horn is jabbed in there, and it manages to shrug it off at the last point. You do significant gore to its side. 15? Yeah, don't forget that. You need to remember that. After taking the arrow wound, and after everyone else attacking around it, it's going to try and get a different situation. It's going to jump. It rears back, and leaps into the air. Landing right on top of Clarota and Scanlan. You guys all get attacks on it as it jumps away. Yes, you do. No, you do not. No. No, actually, you are still in its hand. In its mouth, it carries you with it. Okay, so 19, you hit. Hit. Hit. No, it's the three of you, so that's it. So all of you guys just roll damage for a basic attack. 24 damage? 24 damage you said? Nice. No you weren't, unfortunately. 11, all righty, and? So, as it lands. All of you guys have to make a strength or dex saving throw, your choice. For Percy. And Scanlan, and I'm rolling for Clarota. Clarota fails. It's okay, it's okay, Scanlan. It's okay, you can do this. So Clarota is not prone. I usually roll on the table. I usually prefer to roll on the table. You guys are knocked prone on the ground, and you all take 14 points of bludgeoning damage, plus 14 points of slashing damage. As he just lands on top of you. Yeah, so 28 points of damage, as it crushes you, and its claws sink into you. Clarota takes the same. You're not knocked prone, but you do take 14 points of crushing damage, as its mouth bites down on your arm again, for free. It's going to actually release you, Percy. So you're there. It turns, and makes a bite attack against Scanlan. That's the sound a shawm makes? Okay, so as your reaction, go ahead and do that, so roll the d8. Okay, he rolled a 27. Reduced it by seven to 19. So even with the reduction, it's not enough, you're on the ground. It sinks its teeth right into you. You take, let's see. You take 41 points of piercing damage. Okay, so. Scanlan's looking rough, Scanlan is now just being thrashed around in the mouth of the creature. His limp arms and legs just (thumping) as it's kind of just running him around and across the air. Pike, your turn. You can't even see him right now. If you want to Cure Wounds, you have to touch him. So you can move five squares. So you can move ten squares, takes your bonus action. So you go one, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, there is a ledge there, and he's blocking the way up, so nine, ten, make an acrobatics check to actually jump and climb up onto the-- With disadvantage, 'cause you have plate armor. Disadvantage, you roll twice and take a lower. Total of ten? That's exactly what you needed. (all cheer) As you cast Cure Wounds. Go ahead and-- Is it Mass Cure Wounds, or just doing Cure Wounds? So at what level are you using? So it's 5d8 + 5. 5d8 + 5 is how much you're healing him. You don't have to worry about the bonus, you're just touching him. Is what you're healing him, yes. All right. You're unconscious, how it works in this, and this is different from Pathfinder-- Yeah, you go to zero and you stay there. You are now up to 23. And if something hits you while you're unconscious, it's an automatic fail. Now you're 23 hit points. You're still in its mouth being shook around. Pike, that's your turn. Clarota's going to get up. Clarota looks pretty rough. Rears back. Taking a cue from the opening you left, Clarota pulls back its hand, you see a familiar spark of bluish electrical energy as Clarota reaches for unleashing a torrent of electrical arcane energy forward, into the form of a Lightning Bolt. Blasting across the bow of this giant creature. Let's see. Does not make its saving throw, so it's 32 points of lightning damage. As the back of its armor is now seared, and you can see parts of its armored flesh are kind of blackened and charred and slightly crimping. Vax, you're up. As you rush past, before you attack? This duergar that was right by you, that has currently grown to a larger size gets a free swing at you. That's going to be a 21 to hit. All right, with its war pike it takes-- deals 14 points of damage to you. 25 hits. All right, nice. As you rush up, you take a moment as it's thrashing about, and you can see what looks, anatomy-wise, to be probably where it expels whatever it eats. You go ahead and just slash and eviscerate there. Even back there it's heavily armored, it takes, you carve through, and it-- You've definitely left a lasting impression on this bulette. The general also, by the way, appears as the concentration spell was lost as you were unconscious. However, it is right in front of, it's like. It's now in his face. That hits. Okay, and that's a four plus ten, ten points of fire-based damage to the butt. That brings us to his turn. The general's turn, who now is there from the bulette, sees it, looks over and sees you. Kind of sitting there with your bloody hand. It's still flaming, swings back, and goes for your head. That is a 23 versus armor class. Plus the fire damage. Well, you take 31 points of damage. Including the fire damage from the pike, it goes for its second attack against you. That's gonna be a 22 versus armor class. You take... That's gonna be 21 points of damage. Taking you. That brings us to-- Grog. Tall? I'd say it's probably about... 20 feet tall? 15, 20 feet tall? It's not your size, it'd be really, really tight, pinning in there. Over here? So you run around. Which you can do, 'cause you're a freaking barbarian. All right, go ahead, you're making your attacks. Go for it, three strikes against it. 21 definitely hits. Definitely hits. So first strike. 16 damage? It's the critical now, so double the dice roll. You double the dice, then add the modifier. How do you want to do this, Grog? (all cheer) How you wanna do this, Grog? The fleshy bit is on the opposite side, by the way. So you're now at an unarmored side. However, it's still holding Scanlan in its mouth, shaking him around, so, how do you wanna finish it? I could say for the flavor of this, yeah, you manage to just barely make it over here. First you rush up with your ax, using all of the aggression, you take it and swing it, barely leaving you with a shave. You gash the side of its mouth, and draw this giant wound open. As it does, you actually snap, and cut through the tendons that clench the jaw, causing it to fall open and slack. Scanlan spills out of its mouth, hitting the ground with a dull thud. As its mouth is now open, it kind of rears back. You shake your head angrily, as the froth is gathering at the corners of your mouth. You drop your ax from one hand, grab the jaw, reach in, bite down on its giant meaty tongue. Using your hand at the back of it, you pull and yank and you feel the muscle tearing and tensing before, eventually it comes free, and is now dangling about 25, 30 pounds, of very very wet, tongue meat. With your third attack, how do you finish it? (all laugh) That's what I'm asking. It's looking really rough, but you still need to get that final death blow. What are you doing with this, Grog? Okay, so you drop your ax entirely, the tongue still dangling from your mouth. You reach and put one foot up into the bottom of the jaw, using your other hands you push and push, you hear it crack, and pull, as it tenses and is trying to push down. It has no tension because the jaw was destroyed. You pull back and hear a sickening snap, as the armor plate buckles underneath where the neck joint would be on such a creature. Its eyes kinda roll back for a second, and it begins to slacken. As it does, you reach up with your fist, and penetrate the bottom of where its brain would be. With a sickening (suction) sound, it goes entirely limp and collapses on the ground. We're gonna end it there for the night. (all groan) Before we finish, I'd say go ahead and throw a heal up on him. It's nasty, man. You guys picked that, by the way. We'll be doing more of those as time goes on. Not all the time, but whenever I have the opportunity to put it in there, I'm gonna start asking for you guys to help me figure out what to throw at these adventurers. Oh no, they'll come back in, don't worry. Yeah, for anyone who wants to stay over. I don't. Well shit, we gotta reach out then. There's nobody there left, they were the last bastion. Well, somebody needs to move to Antarctica in the next few days and let us know, so then we can totally use that. Yeah, for 826LA. Had it going up in the chat room, if you have the opportunity, you wanna help support these children getting side educations and tutoring. Guys, please, check it out, it's awesome. It's a good group of people, what they do is fantastic. If you have the opportunity please do, go ahead and donate to the charity. Necessary. Glad to have you back, I'm sure everyone here is glad to have the healer back. And a surprise return of Laura, so. Heck yeah. All right guys, well, we're gonna take a little bit to set up for the Q and A. Those who can stay, feel free to, those who can't, totally understand. We have kids and families to get to. Those who can will be here for the Q and A for the next hour or so. Pike is left to sign this Player's Handbook. Do any of you have the gold marker? All right, cool. Yeah guys we're gonna go ahead and set up for this, we'll see you in a little bit for the Q and A, thank you everyone for watching. Thanks guys. Awesome day at Critical Role, thanks. What's up everyone, we got this camera right here in the middle, right? Thank you guys for watching. Hope you enjoyed yourselves. These guys all being crazy players, and kicking ass, and occasionally getting knocked unconscious, and nearly eaten. Yeah. It's weird. All right, so how are we doing the questions? Are we just picking as we go? Unfortunately. Sam's thing is kids. Sam has two kids. Liam has two kids, but he-- I am so sorry, everyone. The second edition of Dungeons & Dragons in high school. Yeah, they do definitely matter. A couple quick answers here. The conversion from Pathfinder to Fifth Edition was decided because, as we're going on to this show, and we had so many players, combat tends to get bogged down, and a lot of floating modifiers in Pathfinder. For large groups like this it's difficult to keep it flowing and moving. I felt once I had taken a look at Fifth Edition, that the combat system was a little more simplified, and a little easier to make freeform and just roll with it. So that was a much better decision. Plus Dungeons & Dragons generally has a better name recognition than Pathfinder, so when you're putting a show out there, it's probably easier to do with very minimal transition, it took a little bit of customizing, like for Percy's gunslinger. We just had to customize it, we made it ourselves. We sat down. Took a day, and we worked out, some of the stuff we wanted to keep, some of the things that didn't break it, we wanted to make it interesting. It is a martial archetype for the fighter class. So it does give the bonus a fighter class does. Nothing is too overpowered about it, other than just having custom weapons, and some cool grit-based abilities that we kinda transferred over from Pathfinder. It's interesting. It's a good challenge to see how it works out. Keeping your hand and firing into the mouth of a bulette is fun. I answered that a second ago. Yeah, the idea being that the reason we switched was it was easier for large-scale combat, and the system was a little more simplified, and I felt for such a large party it'd be easier to do. Plus character creation for any guests we have in the future, so that was the main reason. I love Pathfinder, but at this size, it's good. Answering your earlier question too, I saw someone ask, a good party size. Legitimately, my preference is between four and six players. This works because they're amazing players, and because we keep it very freeform, and not getting bogged down in minutia too often. The four to six players I think is a good sweet spot. A third of your druid level, right? Pike, how do you feel about Scanlan? Do you return his affections? Fan art's awesome, we love it. That's really cute. Like died died. Factoids, the tower you made for us in Minecraft is awesome. Seriously, well done, look at the pictures, it's great, we're gonna have to actually go through it. A guy built an entire tower for the group. Essentially, on the Geek & Sundry Minecraft server. No. Wait no I did see that! It was huge. Of him! Someone made a sculpture of--. Did you make that or somebody else? You made that? Okay, somebody else made it for you. There we go. I see a couple quick questions. Yeah, Arcanist Allura, the one that actually sent them on this mission, he has kind of a thing for. She's pretty hot. The gunslinger class info, I actually posted on Twitter a few days ago, it's in my dropbox if you look through my Twitter. It's on there, otherwise, we'll probably put it up on the website, when all the website stuff is up there. I'm happy to release it now. It's pretty balanced, it's fun. Might have some tweaks down the road, depending on how things play out. You should go to my Twitter, you'll find it there. Working on it, yeah. Like a lot of things right now, it's a work in progress. Ooh, Indian is good. Actually, the IT Crowd episode of D&D is one of the best on camera examples of a D&D game night thing. Fucking hilarious, and a great, truncated version of this is kinda what the game is. So good on you. I know. Fifth is great, Fifth is a great entry point. This is a homebrew campaign. I wrote it all just kind of for the hell of it. Custom, don't really base it on anything existing. I feel like I'm playing more in that world, and I always hate the idea of, in the middle of DMing, having to go to a module, or having to look for a rule that wasn't my own. It feels more detached. There are modules that are great, and I've run great modules, but for me personally, with the pacing, and the flow of the game, I prefer to do homebrew. Yes. Let's see. I could do a whole panel on that. Tips for new DMs. Preparation is important. You wanna outline cities, come up with ideas for NPCs, that you think would be essential to a story, or like people that really run elements of the town. Simple notes can be like, they're this race, this is their disposition, if you have a particular voice you wanna try for, make a note of this kind of voice. So whenever you come back to them you have a reminder. And spend a lot of time building that structure, you don't have to be too detailed. Always leave room to play in the world, because you never know what your players are gonna do. Be prepared to improv. I prefer loose preparation, and then just kinda rolling where the players take you. There are certain elements, part of the notes I take is for certain NPCs I'll write down key information that they know, and depending on how you ask them, what you say to them, and what you try and extract from them, they might give you some of the information, they might not, if you coerce them, or intimidate them. Or if they're willing to give up the information, I have all that written down. So for that information today, you guys were asking him, and since you allied with Clarence, he was willing to discuss with you. So I had all that prewritten, but depending on how much you said, it was what you guys asked. Yep. I have a stack of different creature and encounters already prebuilt, based on what you guys may encounter. Tonight was an example of players being able to pick what happened. But also it's one of those things where it depended, I don't know where you guys are gonna go. I present a story, I present an idea of a general throughline, but how you guys go from point A to point B, that's entirely up to you. Sometimes that can be a very long, meandering line, sometimes it could be a direct ray, so. A lot, and always. I've had whole games where I've prepared a session, and none of it happened, because people just put an entirely wrong direction. Not wrong, but a different direction. So the whole game was just me pulling everything out of my ass. Yeah, there was that. Which is carried over actually from Pathfinder. Fifth Edition has its own suggested, there's never a definitive pantheon. But they have the deity pantheon. But we're carrying over Pathfinder deities that were prominently in the campaign up to this certain point, because why the hell not? We're not gonna make her change her deity, that would be weird. We got together, first session, essentially, was in a swamp town named Stillben, and the group at the time had, for their own separate reasons, been in this town, needing money, and had kind of come together as a mercenary group out of necessity. So the first session was them having known each other from a circumstance where they all ended up helping out an individual in the city, long story short, they had a small rapport, and knew at least each other were useful, and needed cash. And there was a job board in the town. So the first session was them being hired to look into a conspiracy within this swamp port town, Stillben. That was their first real adventure together. And when that finished, they kept going from there. There was a battle. Subterranean battle that involved the party sneaking upon a group of two trolls that were around a fire. The idea to work past this came to Tiberius to transform himself visually into a female troll so he could Bugs Bunny them. Hey boys, you know, that thing. Not knowing the temperament of trolls, especially ones that are deep underground, and don't get to see female trolls very often, they immediately just got extremely aggressive, and he found himself almost between a rock and a hard place. The party then descended upon these trolls, and in the middle of battle, at numerous times, I believe Percy once and Laura the other, both took specific shots at each troll's dick. Rolled a good shot with enough damage to blow them off. Now being a troll, they regenerate. But it was still a good effect, and when the battle was over, it was decided by the party to at least take one as a trophy and place it in the bag of holding. By Grog, and as such, it stayed for a while, until it was used as an implement of distraction in another encounter I believe. Yeah, it worked. That was where troll dick came from. Aw, that's sweet. There is one bag of holding in the group, and Grog always has it. There are many things that go into the bag. Dork the ox is probably not. Why does Scanlan have so many awesome spells? Bards in Fifth Edition have one of the options they can choose. As they level up, can choose a couple of spells from any spellcasting class, which is great, and the boon that bards kinda needed to be more combat-effective. And you can choose the School of Lore or the School of Combat, I think, for the bard. He chose the School of Lore which allows you even more spells from other classes to boost your repertoire, so he became a fucking amazing bard. Yeah, kinda had to happen that way. You can. They just die. Dork the ox did not survive. That's not true. Kind of. It was great too, 'cause Grog's whole idea of making them to see who would be the better hire was to break the pool cue and be like, "who survives?" Make them fight, it was pretty great. There you go. Yes, I have playlists. They were much more broad playlists before, unfortunately on the stream, we have to use only approved royalty-free music, so it took me a while to figure it out previous to this. I know. I used to play a lot of Bush. So here's how I run the world. I feel that one of the problems in some RPGs is that death becomes flippant when magic allows you to completely undo it. In my campaigns certain powerful spells like Greater Restoration, Resurrection, things like that are a challenge, meaning you can definitely undo death, but a lot of it is based on your capabilities as a spellcaster, your attachment to the people you've been traveling with. So if ever a character does die, a resurrection can be attempted, but it is a challenge. Which means there's a possibility of it failing. In which case, if the resurrection fails, the soul is lost, the character is permanently dead. The player then can leave and never come back if they want to, but they have the option to create a new character, and be reintroduced to the campaign like half a level lower than the rest. Breathed in her first breath after that. It was a very tight roll. It was a DC of 14 in the final roll, and because Scanlan brought out this figure of her that he had carved for her like two months beforehand as a gift, sets it down and kisses her on the forehead, and it was kinda the final connection point. He needed 14, he rolled a 12, but, because he-- There's a plus two modifier to the skill check, being a bard, and that was what he needed, he just made it. Basic, basic-- Mortality's a real thing you have to deal with, and up until Pike's death it was kind of a thing people weren't considering. It just happened so suddenly. I'd be in a padded room. (all laugh) Pike died when they were fighting what was called a treachery demon, or a glabrezu, which had basically infiltrated the Sovereign Uriel, and the city of Emon. And when it revealed its final form, it got one lucky critical hit on Pike when she was too close, and just instantly took her out. That's how she died. Someone's asking if they can (laughs) send us equipment we need for the show. Zac. What do you need? There you go, it's on the wishlist. I didn't know there was one, but now there is. Try at least. I find one of the difficult things is explaining to somebody who has never played an RPG, or a game of D&D at all, they're like, "how does it work, what is it?" And it's hard to explain, so if anything, now we have an example with this show. Other than the IT Crowd episode, or the Community episode, which are both great examples for quick little succinct things. Vin Diesel's good. Top of my list is Stephen Colbert, because I know he also plays. But he's also a super fuckin' busy man. Right now, Critical Role Hanks. See if we can make it trend. Patton Oswalt would be great. Yeah. Hardwick used to play D&D with Patton Oswalt in the mid-2000s. I can't even imagine what those games were like. Whenever it comes up in conversation, Troy always gives me that look of like... "All right." Once we get him like a proper plus two enchanted scarf. That's pretty funny. The best way I know that happened was, we had been playing for a while, and we all work in the industry. People began to hear about our voiceover D&D game, weirdly. Like I'd come into sessions with directors I've never worked with before, they'd be like, "Oh yeah, you're the guy that runs that D&D game." How did that happen? How is that my thing? I'm cool with it, like heck yeah, my little high school self is like, I'm okay with being known about that. But then over time eventually Geek & Sundry contacted us. Felicia had heard about it. They called me in for a meeting, and we spent a number of months trying to figure out what format we were gonna try, if we wanna do it like multi camera, filmed canned episodes, then eventually the Twitch possibility came up, and we were like no, this is a much better format for us. And that's kind of how it happened. Yeah, I don't see why not. Why is D&D Pathfinder making you so much more attached to the characters than a regular RPG? If you mean like a video game RPG? I mean you get attached either way, but with this, because you are so much more fluid, with how you can influence the world, and the character, and the way the character reacts to the world and how it can influence it is so much more-- Personal, a good way of putting it. It's just that much more involving, and you invest so much into that atmosphere. And it depends on the group, some people just like to do dungeon crawls, and kill and get loot and experience, and that's totally cool too. For me at least. I like 'em both for different reasons. I still play the crap out of video game RPGs. As long as you're handling the tech, I think we'd be fine with that. Rifts, yes. Which you gave me books for. For my birthday, which was awesome. Portal's great. Symphony of the Night, yeah, dude. What is a man? I'm heavily sedated most of the game, just for that reason. Otherwise the clothes would just come right off. Does anyone play League? Generally. Elf rogue. Tried new Final Fantasy yet? He's trying the best he can. We have an intro coming up some point soon. Halfway done, we all shot loosely in character costumes inspired by everyone's characters, so you'll be able to see that soon. You do. You wear the most armor. I would be Scanlan, bards man. Bards are my favorite class. Yeah you would. Player wants to play a lizardfolk monk, what's my opinion about the idea? That's fine, I mean a player can play whatever they want to, as long as you as the DM want it in your campaign. Just make sure they have more to their character besides "I'm a lizard monk!" have a good reason why they trained as a monk. If they make a cool personality behind it, work it into the social structure of their lizardfolk people, and see whether the monks will be shunned or accepted, are they an outcast of the society? Think of those ideas, and make a cool character based on the story, from a fighting standpoint? That'd be cool. I used to play a lizard monk in Ruins of Kunark back in the old EQ days. Oh man. That was a while back. She spent all of her character focus in having a pet from combat, and then never puts it in combat, because she doesn't want it to get killed, and it's fucking hilarious. Yeah, you have. Every time she goes, "never again!" And I'm like, all right, well. The entire throne room had a glass dome overtop, but because the family had been possessed by the shades, these shadow entities, it was all covered. They were able to force these spirits out of the physical bodies without killing them by being able to tear off the cloth or shoot holes in it to allow sunlight in and use that as part of the battle tactic, it worked out really cool. Roll intimidation, with a bonus. Yeah, it worked. The Dread Emperor. He rolled a natural 20. I have to. The whole family history organized. But you made it to this year's. I made it the following year, yeah. I would love to play D&D with Dame Judy Dench. You guys can tweet at her so you can get her to agree. Yes. So the party had run into a, debearded, actually, shaven dwarf named Grimthorn, who wanted to represent them for, what is occasionally, a roving brawling guild, essentially. Like underground fighting rings that happen around the world at different points throughout the year. It may come up again, we'll see. But they had to think of a team name. And Scanlan. Recommended the Super High Intensity Team. Which stuck for a while, so the group name, against the better judgement of, I think, a lot of the group, became The SHITs. So their name for a while was The SHITs, they were announced as The SHITs in the ring, when they won the tournament. That was when the pony was cut in half, to intimidate the opposing team. SHITs stuck for a while until eventually they got rid of the SHITs, as all of a sudden they were about to go to the winter festival parade in their honor for saving the entire city of Eman, and the Sovereign Uriel said, "what should we announce you as?" and it was decided not to announce you guys in front of the city at your parade as The SHITs. Instead the name became Vox Machina. So if you've heard them say that, that's the official team name they've created for themselves as a group. Fate Zero for me had a moment that was pretty intense emotionally, that I really enjoyed. Sonic Boom, yo. I'm Kiritsugu, Kiritsugu Emiya. Thank you. That's the dark assassin character. That's going to be interesting when that comes around. You were told. Aboleth. Which you encountered one underground. Put the slime into the water. You could only breathe water and couldn't breathe air. Make the monsters more powerful. Balance is important. I mean, the characters, everyone here has really good characters that have a lot of cool abilities, but they also have a lot of challenges that come at them that make them, not only use those abilities, but also, monsters can have cool abilities too. I'd love that. To be fair, it's the only time I've ever had a player rage loot before. (all laugh) That's Grog. I'd say Myst. So I can just write my own worlds to infinity from there. Or Amber as well. Grey Havens. If you're gonna do Lord of the Rings, do Grey Havens, 'cause you're far enough away from Mordor, where it's generally not gonna be a problem. That's true. Before the stream, our D&D session-- Before the stream our D&D sessions would happen once every month to month and a half, more like month and a half. I'm down with it. 'Cause I alter reality. Power makes sense. Our sessions used to be once every month, or month and a half, and they would be about six to eight hours. But the problem is we'd play so infrequently, every session I'd have to remind everyone what happened, and it was hard to schedule. Part of the reason we're even doing this show, is because it's technically work, which allows those of us who have families and children more of an excuse to come more often. So yeah. That's actually the one I was gonna say, that's my favorite shirt too. Displacer kitty's kind of cool. Adorable. Oh God. If you guys haven't watched. Chris Dane Owens, on YouTube, Chris Dane Owens, Shine on Me. It's a music video, watch it. Chris Dane Owens, Shine, or Shine on Me, YouTube, do it. I bought a shirt from it, 'cause it's that amazing, I had to. I don't think someone's done it yet. You saw it on the stream. No betrayals, disagreements, and occasional-- And stealing of flying carpets. I forgot about this. So he rolled stealth. You earned it. Yeah, and each player, all their story lines work into the world. Not all of them will happen immediately of course, some people have had personal encounters and story encounters already, some are yet to occur, and there will be points throughout the campaign where the party will probably have to move and individually deal with each person's story to some extent. Touched a little bit like-- In Eman, we've seen Vex and Vax's father. Had a new family. If you do it for an extended period of time it can be kind of shitty. Actually, it's funny, a bunch of my NPCs that I've done since high school have ended up turning into characters I've booked. I'll go into an audition and be like, "I'll go ahead and do Nutibe Curios, "from my Second campaign," and I'll end up doing that character. Alof in Pillars is a character I NPCed back in high school. Oh, Gilmore? We'll have to roleplay that. What do you guys think is taking over the hive mind? So awesome. Gilmore's a fun one. Gilmore is very Broadway. He's very-- No, no. I could see him being a character in a John Waters film. Yeah. That may or may not be secret, depending on the characters. Yeah! I don't wanna answer that question necessarily, because I might be using them in the campaign at some point. Nothing. But overall, I just love the tarrasque because it's like the game ender. It's the godzilla. It's the one DM's move where he's like, "I'm done with this campaign, hey guys, "you're gonna fight a tarrasque, either you're all gonna die, "or you beat it, and you beat the game!" So the tarrassque is always fun. Yeah, they're terrible. And hey you stealthed up, and pretty much killed one in one round today. You guys black ops'ed that entire barracks. Yep, you guys hired him, and he's currently helping keep your Keep in good shape. I'm trying to remember, I'll have to go look at the list again. I have so many NPCs, I have a hard time. Grog's flatlined intelligence, anything like that happen before? That was the first of that type of situation. They were there fighting in an underground cavern, and at the very, very top of this giant, like 170-foot ceiling, which they had all kinda floated up to, and put a rope, anchor in. The first umber hulk you guys ever encountered, ended up pushing Grog out of the hole, bullrushing him. Had the rope tied around his waist, but unfortunately Grog weighs about 600 pounds, rope snapped, and he took enough damage to go from full health to unconscious and bleeding out in one round. That's also one of my favorite risky rolls, which was after that happened, Tiberius, you pushed the umber hulk onto the ground, or through the hole, it fell. So essentially Tiberius decided, 'cause Grog was unconscious, and the creature was down there. All of them were stuck 170 feet up, in this little hive essentially. Tiberius said fuck it, he jumped out of the hole, swan dove down, and cast Featherfall on himself at the last minute, had to make a concentration check because of the wind rushing past, and having to cast a spell while falling. It's a very difficult thing. He had about a 40% chance of success, 60% chance of instant death, and he made the roll. I love risky moments like that so much, I love 'em. That'll be nasty. Nasty. One of these days. That's actually an ability of the duergar. Yeah. They can summon through sheer force of will, and just the way they've been bred over time, they can increase their form for a short time to increase their damage, and be just a general asshole, so. It's an ability the duergar have. I have. That's awesome. I've been to Gothenberg. Have you been? It's beautiful, I spent two weeks in Gothenberg, Sweden, on business years ago. It was gorgeous. Food was amazing. Nothing like walking down the street and seeing a giant gothic stone structure with an archway and a gargoyle perched, and you walk in and it's a 7-Eleven. It's pretty hilarious. All the architecture there is old, but it's been repurposed, it's great. God damn it. I'm gonna shave my head one of these days. I'd wither. It's like Sampson. I would just like become this little raisin, I'd be David Tennant. Let's see. What are the questions we got up there? We'll take about five more minutes of questions. Five or ten more minutes of questions, then we gotta take off. Considering we've been playing for two and a half years, and everyone's level nine, we can keep going for quite some time. Whether or not we continue past that, means either we do a new campaign, or we go into epic or mythic levels? We'll cross that bridge when we get to it. I mean, I'd love to keep playing for as long as people wanna play, but also people get busy, life changes, we'll see how it goes. I'm in for the long haul as much as everyone else is. What you hear in the show is a combination of a gentlemen named Kevin Macleod, who has a website called Incompetech, which he produces really amazing, royalty-free musical tracks. I've used them for many web series for many years. He's very talented, and I contacted him, and asked him permission to use on the stream. He's like, "yeah, anything on Twitch, go for it." And the other half are a lot of soundscapes I use from a company called Platemail Games, which make great custom RPG soundscapes, and some tracks that are just creepy, and dwarf cityscapes, and dark forest night. It's a great, great resource. Those are my two big ones for this Twitch stream. Yeah it was 4d6, drop the lowest, arrange as desired. So it was a powerful campaign. Definitely. Do you prefer being the DM, or do you like mixing it up and being characters? I never get a chance to play games really. It's kind of one of those, always a DM, never a bride circumstance. Yeah. I'll be an evil character and murder them all, you're going to regret it immediately, make 'em just cry. Yeah, turn it into Mazes and Monsters. Probably. I occasionally, I got to play a game of Diaspora for a while, with Philip Eisner, the guy who wrote Event Horizon. So playing a sci-fi kind of horror-based universe with him running, that was great. That was very brief. No. See as they happen, man, that's part of the fun, the mystery of it all. I know what's coming. I got stuff planned for years. It's gonna be fun. What age did you play your first tabletop RPG game? For me it was Second Edition Dungeons & Dragons, and it was freshman year of high school. War Machine is really fun. It's awesome. You're the awesome Retribution. Yes, actually. Time has been hard, but I'm trudging through. What I'm gonna make essentially is a video recap of the previous two and a half years of the campaign. I'm gonna narrate it, it's gonna be very simple. It's gonna be just information, with the occasional slides of stuff in the background. But I'm working on a video, kind of like your guys' intros, that'll be a synopsis of the story up until this stream stared. I will destroy you, I will fucking stab you. Yeah, we sat there, and, hey man, I've had to flirt with quite a few of these people as characters, it's interesting. Oh, that's a tough one. There's been a lot of good ones. I really enjoyed Grimthorn, the dwarf that was-- Yeah, Clarota is great. He was the one eyed dwarf with the shave, that was taking you guys to the fighting ring. He was fun. I'm enjoying Balgus as well, he's a good one. You know, I really enjoy Arcanist Allura Visoren. She's an awesome, powerful, headstrong elven sorceress, who is part of a, not a secret, but a very powerful circle of magic practitioners around the world, and also a member of the council of Tal'Dorei. She's one of the largest allies that this group has had through a lot of the adventure arcs, and I love playing her, she's great. What character type would I play if I ever got a chance to play? I would probably be a bard. I wanna make a bard that actually conducts the battle. Meaning, sits there and watches the fight, and he's conducting, like music happens when other people attack. Cymbals go off, and drum beats, and all of his abilities are tied to music, so he's actually conducting the battle like a symphony. That's what I wanna make. One day. Evil characters have to be discussed with the DM. I'm iffy on the evil character, unless they have a good reason, and a personality that isn't going to completely derail the campaign. Doing an evil campaign, that's fine. But if you're building a character that is going to inherently be a troll, and basically diminish everybody else's good time in the story, it becomes a problem. I know. If you make a cool, interesting evil character, that can be evil but still like, like a good example would be in Baldur's Gate, Edwin. Yeah, they'd be allowed to. They may not survive. In it cool news, tabletop columnist, offering to DM a game for me. I may have to hit you up on that some time. 'Cause that'd be awesome. I make notes and audio files. I do. As a reminder in case I forget. I have notes written next to every NPC, like an accent or dialect that I chose for them, a general texture. Kind of like what you'd see for breakdowns for a character you're auditioning for. I basically make that for each NPC to remind me of what I've done. And if it's a particularly weird voice that I don't know if I could replicate in the future, after the session I'll go and do a little audio file of me doing the voice so I can go back to it later. Good question. For our big session, I'd spend as much time preparing as we did playing. I'll put it that way, I spend as much time preparing as we play. So for these sessions, I'm spending about three hours a week, preparing, what, three to four hours a week? For old sessions that was bigger. It was a crumbling tower, it was Allura's tower. You guys went into, realized she was missing, because the tower had been attacked. You set off essentially a defense system of her arcane tower, which caused it to crumble into a tiny pearl. Yeah, and just kinda glided away. You turned into an eagle and grabbed the gnomes. The rest of the party had to try to rapidly escape a crumbling tower that was compacting on to itself. You fall a lot, but when you fall on to something, that thing is fucked. Oh yeah, all right, so we'll do a couple more questions, then we'll go to closing messages. Who wants to pick? Three, three questions, make 'em quick. Let's see. How much does Grog weigh? Grog weighs approximately 600 pound we decided. So he's kinda rough. Yeah it is. Muscle and brains. Any of you consider running a game for fans of the stream? Actually, I've run a couple games at conventions for some groups. I had a couple of sessions I ran, actually in conjunction with Wizards, they sent stuff out for us. Yeah, we've had some charity D&D games out here in L.A. So we've done them before. I'd consider it if there was time available, and a venue that allowed it. So if it does happen, we'll definitely announce it here. You guys have some good questions. Very much so. And I like to think that this is, because there are so many good people out there in the world, and we were lucky enough to find each other through weird circumstances. And there are so many good people in the world out there, don't close yourself off to it. You'd be surprised how many awesome-- No, that's the question we end it on. That's the question. Danielle, thank you so much Danielle. Bradley Dalman. Brad, thank you, that's amazing. Aw. Thank you Shane! Timothy! Luis Archeletta! Steve! That's so cool guys, thank you. That's okay. But like for the most part, the audience here's been so awesome, they're all super intelligent with great questions. I'd be down, I'd totally be down. Oh, that's awesome. Yeah, I got the Noncompliant tattoo this week, actually. I'm sadly not gonna be there. Yeah! Less than three's. So beautiful. It fucks me up every time you do that.