Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors get together and play Dungeons & Dragons. Tonight, apologies for the slight technical issues, but we're back and we're going to be playing through tonight's adventure. Before that gets started, let's go ahead and get through a couple of quick announcements. First and foremost, it's our third week of our Loot Crate sponsorship. Thank you very much. (cheering) Taliesin, quiet! That's okay. At least it wasn't during a very climactic and important emotional moment in the game. (laughs) Anyway, yeah. Loot Crate's awesome. We've gone with it for years. They send mystery items that are all geek and pop culture-related. They're a lot of fun, and if you go to their website at www.LootCrate.com/criticalrole and check it out. If you like it and you get a subscription, you can use criticalrole-- one word-- as a promo code to get $3 off a subscription. That would be nice in the box. We're good? We didn't waste it? I hope there is no dick in a box as part of this service. Or perhaps I guess you do, depending on-- that's a whole different box service. That's a love box membership. Anyway, so! Also, once again, I want to remind everyone, we are happily carrying along the torch of 826LA, a fantastic charity that's been with us from the very beginning. 826 is a wonderful charity that promotes creative writing skills and literacy in mostly underprivileged kids at a young age, at which they normally don't have access to tutoring and people to help them on that direction, so if you can and have the opportunity and you're feeling like giving to some awesome people out there, 826LA, and 826 in general in your area, is a great charity to take a look at, so please. You guys have been a tremendous help in the past and you may continue to be so, if you wish. Good times. Let's see. Taliesin is joining us from Hawaii. Where are you at, Taliesin? If you're on Oahu and you're watching this, you should go say hi to him. Not right now, but tomorrow and Sunday. And the rest of the great folks that are out there with you. All good people. Big old Street Fighter troupe. Also, we have Travis and his nose goblin and Laura, you guys are attending Puerto Rico Comic-Con? That's pretty slick, actually. Does anybody else-- you said you wanted to mention something? So you could take either a custom-build Taliesin or me as your companion to Far Harbor and talk to these shmucks. And have a full Critical Role after-the-apocalypse experience. That's awesome. Okay, we're actually going to be downloading that soon. Anyone else have anything they want to mention before we jump into the game tonight? Let's go ahead and get this started, as we dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role! No intro. Act out the intro? Well done Taliesin, that was great. Ashley picks him up. And it got weird. And now it swings-- Welcome back to this majestic clusterfuck that is tonight. (laughter) What else am I going to say? Because it's fun. I like it. You guys, having just finished this stroke of a conversation with Zanror in the Margrave's homestead, the dawn light is now beginning to pour over the mountain range in the distance. The day has officially begun. Zanror has stepped out and has begun to speak with a few of his trusted Herd members to stand down for the day, letting people know that the battle has been postponed for the time being while a plan is to be enacted, prepared for, and then sprung the following day. The rest of you guys have this day to prepare however you see fit. So I ask you what would you like to do? Where do we begin? You do have access to broken homes, chain, and scraps at your disposal. As far as individuals that can aid you, you have individuals that can help hold things for you. The Herd of Storms is not known for its ingenious use of tinkering tools, but-- You can check around. Okay. I'll tell you what. Go ahead and roll an investigation check, Percy, if you don't mind. Yeah, I'll say if you want to go ahead and aid to that, take advantage on that, Percy. What'd you roll? With advantage? So! After taking the better part of about three hours scouring the town, most of the remaining villagers-- Three hours, so, from what he's doing with the aid of people that aided him, which would be Vex asking about, the few folks that have any experience with any sort of blacksmithy are the folks that make horseshoes, and that's the extent of the complication they can create. So they can attempt to, with your aid, craft some springs. They have the materials to do very basic metalwork and ironwork, but the people you encounter, two folks in particular, they're both a little confused by your overall design and are waiting for you to lead them in a specific direction. How big a spring? Roughly 30 to 40 feet, depending. I'm not saying you're going nuts. You are a little stretched for supplies and manpower based on the circumstances in Westruun for a complicated task, but it's fairly possible, but it will pretty much take the entirety of your day and most of your night to prepare this. You'll be able to squeeze by with this, with the construction of the device, and have maybe just enough room for-- I'll let you squeeze in a long rest. But that's success or fail. Okay. What are the rest of you guys planning? Unexpected, sneak attack. 7d6 points of damage. Go ahead and make an intelligence check with advantage. 17. Yeah, dragons have the pieces you imagine they would have in the right vicinity. Their stomach is quite acidic, as it has been known to dissolve some of the hardiest of creatures, let alone break down some basic minerals and materials. So it's not a happy place to be, but it's not like instantaneous dissolution. It will hurt. Also know that the breath weapon, the acid that a black dragon, which uses acid as a breath weapon in a stream in front of it, much like your lightning bolt, does not come from its stomach. That acid is much more toxic, concentrated, and comes from a separate part of its body, a gland, a breathing mechanism that projects it outward. It's somewhere in this vicinity, you're not entirely certain. That would be really bad. So it's armor plus two. Yeah. Actually, as you pull the armor pieces up, they shift and formfit to your size as part of their enchantment. The cold snap armor is I believe dark browns with traces of white and silver along the edges as a cold winter motif as part of the enchantment. Yeah, I guess you could say that. For a moment, it looks pretty haphazard and hanging off of you. As the armor slowly retracts and finds itself to your form. In that moment, Scanlan learned a lot about himself. Okay, so you'll be putting aside the mace of disruption and taking on the frostband instead. Okay. Cool. You would know the direction he went, and thankfully in the awkward still-quiet that is the center of the town now that it's missing most of its populace, and those that are there are acknowledging the tension of what might be coming, and many of them are now packing up and leaving and getting out of the town, evacuating when they've been notified of the possible coming battle. The sound of metal clangs in the distance, and the gathering of materials from some of the rubble is not too difficult to discern over time. Takes you about half an hour or so to locate him. The two of you eventually find Zanror. Zanror and Warra are in the process of piling weapons and armor with the rest of the Herd into the center of the town where the battle outside of the Margrave's house happened. Most of the warriors there are in the process of steeling themselves, some of them are gathering their materials, some are in the process of doing some minor ritualistic scarring in preparation for the battle. There is very little conversation happening. It seems like there is this quiet understanding that this, for many, might be their last day. They're making peace with the coming glory of battle. You'd expect this sense of tense fear, this very Battle of Helm's Deep-type acceptance of doom, but this is a different personality amongst the Herd here. There is almost a brimming excitement with the idea of possible glory or at least a glorious end. And it very much befits the story that you've heard of Grog's past history, and very easy to see where he once came from. "This for me?" Looks to Worra. (laughs) "That would be rather stupid, wouldn't it?" And he just downs it all in one big chug. "Thanks." "I have, aye." "It has at times. More at the beginning. If it had questions and seemed curious. That wore off "after the first few times. Now it just seems to come and take and find its way out." He stops for a second. "Maybe." "Hm. Beyond that, I don't really know. That's what is forcing our hand right now." "Huh." And you do know specifically white dragons, or sorry, black dragons, they're very cruel by nature. They actually enjoy messing with creatures they see below them, especially intended prey, torturing for extended periods of time before killing. They aren't comparatively as vain as other dragons per se, but all chromatics fall in some way shape or form on that same scale of self-love to the point of being a near-disease to many of them. Zanror thinks to himself for a second and goes, "We can certainly try. I mean, I've got no more use for it, though it's going to "be hard to convince it without a head. I'm pretty sure Grog took that with him." "We'll have to share ideas. Ours was to go ahead and plod up Gatshadow. Usually it's about "noon when it comes down for the offering. We leave it what little we have left, possibly lose two "men in the process of delivering it, and then when it returned to its place we'd be there waiting to "ambush it once it returned, use that time when it was gone to go ahead and hole up inside its home." "That was our intent." "Well, there's not much we can really do when we're all fighting with our fucking axes and "swords, can we? In the lair at least it's stuck on the ground." "How do you intend to do that?" "Really." He stops for a second and goes, "I just want to be clear we don't underestimate the sheer size, "strength, and ferocity of this beast. With all 20 men, we might be able to hold it down, I don't "know how long. I hope that contraption your friend is making is strong enough to aid us that last "little bit, because I get the feeling that if our might is put to just keeping it on the ground-- "well, that's a lot less of our strengths that we could be tending to. A lot less blades we could "put into its hide." "That's impressive. You know what else is impressive? Watching four of my friends melt in a "matter of seconds." "I just want to instill with you an understanding not to be brash, not to go ahead and "run into this unless you're absolutely certain. Now. I've got chains, you've got chains. We've got "strong men. If we put ourselves intent on just holding this beast down, I have the feeling, even "with our weight behind it, it's going to be a difficult attempt. Do we have any other way of "anchoring it down, something else we can put the chains to?" I mean, there are pieces of stone building in the vicinity. All right. Let me look this up real fast. Yeah, mud to rock, yeah. Lasts for-- it's instantaneous. So when he looks at that, he goes, "So. What you're saying is if we can find a few places in which the rock is close to the surface, "you could lock these chains in?" "Goose down. Unexpected tactic." Not next to Kevdak. You mean Zanror? That one, ohmygod. Okay, you (rumbles). Warra's pushed to the side as the stone shoots up. "All right, your point is made. We've got two others who can do similar magic as you, maybe "not the same level, but--" "Want us to put them at your aid?" "Without being seen, what, are we going to bury my men?" "I think we'll take our chances above ground, please." "Currently we're sitting at 25 total, including myself." "You're asking me this, our plan was to go inside while it was out. But if you want us there, "let's figure out a way to hide, then. I don't think my men are going to like to be "underground." "And what, they just leap out one by one through an opening?" "I don't think that's going to really get a dragon shaking in its claws, y'know?" (sighs) "Let me talk to my men. We'll see what we can do, we can muster as far as these chains go." "So, am I to tell my men we're going to bury them in the ground?" "I'll talk to them. I certainly hope your magic stone-shaping is as strong as it is. At the "very first moment that dragon looks like it's going to go ahead and break free, we're weapons "out. You do understand that." "Okay." "Okay. And what's our bait? You say you have some gold to give?" "Try for Kevdak's corpse-- I hope that's enough. I'll see what else we've got left in our "coffers." He turns around and him and Warra walk away, a couple of the men join them and they-- "Not yet. But if we survive this, I have a feeling I'll know. The strength and glory of this "fight will confirm." Nothing ever goes wrong when that title comes up. (laughter) You guys scope it out, it's northwest of the town, you saw it on the way in, and it's very easy to make out at this point because there have been large claw-marks in the ground, there are broken pieces of wood, there's a shattered cart, there's some barrels that are partially destroyed to the side, there's a little bit of leftover ends and pieces that fell out of whatever it picked up as it took off as well as a smattering of copper, silver, and gold pieces that you rummaged through before when you first came to the town. But there's a definitive place that you recognize where this drop point is, it's out in the open in the field, there's going to be a couple of nearby rocks, a handful of trees, but they're all very sparse and spread apart. Other than that, it's just open field, so. To that, it's about-- tree cluster? I mean, most of the trees that are here are singular, there's two trees that are within ten feet of each other and that's maybe 80 feet away from it. You can do that if you'd like to. Yeah, as far as the camouflage ability-- I'll say we can certainly give you-- We can make something function a little bit there, you know, illusion magic is also helpful. If you have anything illusion-based that could even just help tidy up before. You do know that dragons are very perceptive creatures and are very-- are not very trusting either. They're paranoid. That is part of their narcissism, so anything you can use, whether it be illusion, camouflage, anything to hide any sort of possible chance of it not trusting this scenario you're going to want to do, otherwise this thing might fly overhead and notice one thing and be like ah, peace! So. Be warned. Miss Dragon Specialist. I mean, there are no real guards of Westruun anymore, most of the guards that-- Yeah, the Herd guards. They're a little sparse right now, there aren't any towards the outside of town, most of them are gathering towards the center as the rest of the folks are leaving the town, finding their way out south of Westruun to be away from the battle. But you do find in the Margrave center, similar area to where they were talking to Zanror, there are gathering warriors that are getting their weapons ready, some of them armoring up to just see how easily they can get it on, some of them might even sleep in their armaments, it's not a huge thing. But as you approach and ask this question, one of them turns to you and goes, "Well, there's-- the Iron "Stocks is where we generally keep our prisoners. The ones who were before and the few we did keep, "well, those we chained up or executed, but there were a few that were thrown in there." "Oh, there's plenty of prisoners still in there, we didn't touch the prison, mostly." Okay. And you've been here before, you know the Iron Stocks, although you weren't sure if it was being used as still a prison. And seemed loosely, just throwing a handful of people in for use later on that never quite came to fruition. Do you remember her name? (laughs) All right, you make your way to the Iron Stocks. And it is currently unguarded, there is nobody there, the Herd has lost interest in it, the door's partially ajar, and as you walk inside you can already smell the place just reeks of refuse and decay. It looks like everything left in the middle of a workday. There are still ledgers open on the front desk, you can see what looks to be a small group of-- a barracks-type scenario to the left of the entrance that is just completely abandoned and looks like some cases are left open, scattering various keepsakes and bottles that are shattered on the ground, a lot of people left either to go into battle to defend against the dragon, to lose their life in it, or just to get the hell out of Dodge. Yeah. You pick it up and leaf through for a few pages, lotta great squiggles. Some pretty handwriting, you can tell-- Um, no. No, none that-- I mean, some look familiar, some are more rounded-- There's a slight pause. Then you hear a voice echo from the right side of the room, down a hall just through the stone, you can barely make it out because the distance it's at, because you're hearing the echo protrude from quite a distance, but a voice just says, "Hey! Hey! In "here! Need food please!" You charge down the hallway and there are a number of cells that are immediately here. Some of them are open and abandoned entirely, there are a few that you look off to the side, looks like a few individuals just passed away inside the cell. You come to a set of stairs that leads down into the next subterranean region and you hear the voice again, much closer, be like, "Hey! Hey! I "hear your footsteps!" And you see a hand reaching out from behind some of the bars. The hand retracts as you look over. "Ah. Orn. Orn Finch at your service. Been in here far too long and very thirsty. I will be "happily at your service, fair muscled man, should you see fit to relinquish me from these binds." And you look at him, he looks like a lowly beggar, longish tattered hair, wearing just general tattered and soiled clothing, no shoes, feet look blistered and black. "Blackfoot it is, Orn Blackfoot at your service, if you could just--" "Lord. It is my pleasure." And he reaches through and grasps your hand, his fingers are bony and thin, and he takes it and shakes it with what little strength he has. He snatches it from you and slurps into it, extremely thirsty. He takes it and eagerly starts jamming it into his mouth. As he's eating, he's not even talking at you, this is just sheer hunger, the need to survive has taken over and he's just cramming it in there, choking a couple of times, keeping himself okay. "Ah, well, this is-- everyone just started yelling and they abandoned us all here. It's been "terrible hearing the moans and screams going silent. I thought they abandoned us all." "I appreciate the food and drink, you've certainly done--" At which point a voice comes from about two cells over behind you that goes-- "Did I hear food and drink?" "Food-- food and drink, please. Please." You see him very discreetly pocket some in his robe. "Oh, everything you gave me is gone, I'm "sorry, friend." "What?" Okay. As you turn around the way, there is the next set of bars, you see behind there a man in his forties, also extremely thin and gaunt, reddish long thin beard, long unkempt brownish red hair that is just crimped up around the base of it, like it's just gone almost into dreadlock territory from how long he's been in there and mistreated. You can see dried blood at the corner of his mouth. He looks up at you. "Sir, if you would be s-- Grog?" And the moment of recognition hits you, this is Abjurist Noja, whom you previously-- (yelling) He looks pretty wrecked right now. "Thank you, friend, thank you very much." You hear two voices simultaneously down the end of the hallway come in, one of which is a very weak female voice, the other is a very loud kind of-- "Hey, bring me food this way, please!" The other one is like, "Please, I ask of you, I'm starving." And you see these two hands come out of the two cells in the distance. There's an awkward pause. "Three?" "Seven! Definitely seven!" "I've only been in here for about a week. Got in an altercation in my store when these "brutes started walking in. Threw me in here, didn't even let me take my spellbook." "What?" "No! No." And he reaches out and grabbing at your clothes though and starts pulling you-- "But I have friends in many places, though. I can, I can get you things. I can make "connections--" "Not even here, Emon! I can get you anything you need from Emon. I can get you from Stillben. "And Lansway, just name it and get me out of here and I can--" "Few months?" "Why?" "No, if you can release me, I'd be more than happy to take it myself if you don't mind." You-- make an investigation check. Yes. Ah! All righty. So. After spending the good part of an hour or so clamoring through, just throwing bookshelves over and (crashing) taking the desk and actually throwing it onto its back and pulling drawers out, this is Grog's method of investigation here, you're just-- Yeah, yeah. You break off a few forks in some locks. In practice, yeah, whatever looks small enough and should fit, though it doesn't, but you make it fit. And it doesn't help. You do eventually find in one of the cells, closed and locked as you look by, there is one person in guard armor, in Westruun guard armor, that is in the cell. Not moving. No movement. No movement. He just lurches over onto the side. Not moving. Yeah, you reach in and you can smell the decay starting to set in. And as you get close you can reach through the bars and see him, the actual area is closed and the door appears to be locked, and inspecting the body very quickly you can see that he was stabbed multiple times from behind and probably left in here to bleed out. But you do find on him what appears to be a ring of keys. Not directly on his body, but underneath the corpse, like he was-- you gather best you can, someone probably grabbed it, got their way out, used that moment to stab him and escape. "No, no one with me. Although-- been plenty of angry discussion from that dwarven fellow down "the way." "I can hear you!" "I'm all right." And he just finishes eating the little bit of the ration that you gave him, like dried meats and bread. They both put their hands out. The dwarven man you can see puts his hand out, the skin is very wrinkled and you can see the varicose veins on it, the arm hair that you see on the dwarven arm is white, like bright white. The female hand comes out is thin, but the skin looks a little softer and younger. At this point, the dwarf voice goes, (incoherent semi-cursing). "Racist little-- peh!" And the arms just withdraw, and the woman, "That's me, that's me." Look down, you see a young woman, maybe in her late teens, early twenties, long brown hair, tangled, covering one half of her face. You can see the edges of her lips are cracked from just dryness and lack of moisture. She's wearing, both of them actually are wearing just these long, simple cloth drape-over robes that are just, y'know, for any prisoners in here that need to not be wearing their normal clothing. They eagerly take it and begin scarfing it down, the dwarf's like, "Oh! That's nothing!" You can look at the dwarf now, he's elderly, crotchety, half-blind, one clouded eye, but for being a man who's been stuck in prison and slowly dying, he's got this wry grin on him at all times. "You're telling me that. But no, seriously, that's like half full. Come on, don't be stingy!" "That's the ticket!" It's like spilling on the sides and getting stuck in his bright, bushy white beard, and each bit that dribbles down, he goes-- catches it and then pushes it back in, not wasting a single drop. "It's Amelia. I was taken because they were-- the beasts were dealing with an uprising "from some of us farm folk and, well, they took me as leverage in the argument. Stopped their-- "stopped their arguing." "Yeah." "I do." "There's my father Reginald." "Are they okay, have you seen them? Have you seen any of the people out there?" And you hear a voice down the way say, "Everyone out of the town? That sounds like a "great plan." And the dwarf behind you is like, "Well then, get us out! I'm sick of this cell!" Mm-hmm. You go through the keyring, which probably has a good 40 or so different keys on it. And so you go through one, two, three, four, yeah. (laughs) And what would be the late teens, and for what to you seems like forever, one key does (squeaking) in the lock and it opens. She, who's been like sitting down the whole time, stands up weakly and grabs the bars and pulls herself up and waits for you to let her through if she does, just being patient. "Okay." "Old Davin. What's your name?" "Lord Grog." "Lord of?" "I'll take it, that's fine. Get me out, please?" I mean, it is one solid piece that has been looped twice, but it has been-- the iron itself has been bent around itself to make it nice and tight, form-fit on one end. Go ahead and make a strength check. Ping. (laughs) Like, you were preparing yourself for a full pull, and with but a minor twitch of your muscles it just bends open. "Right. I will, I will." She rushes off and starts fumbling through the keys, and you hear in the distance her making her way through the keys as-- Old Davin. You have not met Old Davin, no. "Right if I know! Got real drunk and woke up in here, everyone started screaming and running "away, and I'm like ahh, run away you pansies, and they did, ran away, they never came back. Some "packed fire, but not a problem now." And yes, the one snowblind eye doesn't move at all, the other one glances around, that one's completely stuck in a forward position. "I mean, certainly gets the ladies." "But no, it's a reminder to not, well, to not mess with your people." "Much worse, say I." "Oh, oh." And he thinks to himself for a moment. "I would have to say my weapon of choice "would be Bloodvine ale. Aye." "Aye, if we're picking poison, that's my favorite." Yeah. "Oh, that kills, eh?" "Once upon a time I was quite a duelist, so if you got something pointy and prickling I can "spear 'em with the best of them." "Ah, that's not my preference." "Yeah, that'll do, certainly, I'll take a longsword." Not yet. But at this time there's an awkward pause and now you're like, don't have any more conversation. But you still have to finish the-- about a minute later, he's sitting there going, "Come on, come on, come on." Eventually-- tink!-- it opens up. "Yes!" And he pushes it open as you pull it open. "Aye?" "Yes?" Yes, you may. He seems a little-- He seems a little malnourished, and a little confused. But nothing sets you off as untrustworthy. "Sure. Why not?" "Oh, great, I'll be there for that, aye. Where's it happening?" "Right, right. I'll wait for you." And he walks out, taking the keys from you as he runs off toward Amelia. At this point, yeah, Noja has stepped out of the cell and is putting an arm on her, you see he's actually having a hard time standing and she's helping support him, even though she's having a hard time standing. (Skype noise) "Ah. Really? Well, I'm very happy to see these people, anybody really, that're not the "inside of this blasted prison." (coughs) (Skype rings) There we go. Welcome back. "Ah, they took my spellbook when they threw me in here." "If we could find that, maybe I can help you." "Otherwise, I'm out of tricks, friend, sorry." "Because I can be a good friend and help you out. I can get you money and women and travel "anywhere you wish." "And you can have a fourth! Please, just let me out of here." "Two." "Ah, wonderful. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And I'm a man of my word, don't you worry." Go for it. Three. Seems legit. (laughter) Okay. At this point, you've run through the ring enough, you can go ahead and take it from Old Davin. Over time you eventually get him free, and as soon as you do, he stretches, cracks his back a bit. "All right. Thank you kindly. So. Let's be off." And he charges up next to Noja and then breezes past them and you guys all exit the outside of the Iron Stocks. "They took it from me when they arrested me. I don't know where they would have put it." Okay. On the way there, Noja's like, "I do have one of my older spellbooks, wouldn't have all "of my materials, but that would be back at my shop if we ever have a chance to stop by." "Certainly." "Oh, it's about-- just due east of where the temples are, about 25, 30 minutes up that way." At this point, yeah, the Stocks aren't too far. Whoever's-- Yeah, Percy met him. Yeah, the attunement takes about an hour or so, half an hour to an hour. Iron Stocks, you can describe it to him and eventually he'll find his way there. (laughs) And you've been to the town before, you guys have spent some time in Westruun, so you know the basics around. So you manage to meet up with these fellas and you make your way northward into the outskirts of Noja's shop. Noja's shop is untouched by the battle, it seems, still stands. He walks up and the door's open and looks inside and just sighs heavily, as the interior of this place has been picked clean. "Well. Follow me." And he heads towards the back of the shop, heads into a room in the side which contains his bed and his personal setup. That door's kicked in, there was a lock on it, the lock's still hanging as part of the door contraption as the actual door was just kicked inward and the wood splintered and left open. He steps inside, feels above the doorway. There's a panel of wood that he pulls aside and brings out. There is a singular book, where he pulls it out and sighs, blows dust off it. "Ah, this is a bit rudimentary for what I require, but it's "something, it's better than nothing." Puts it aside, manages to find some pieces of his clothing that have been tossed onto the floor as a heap or, you know, raiding the room and gets out of his prison robes and puts them over that to just go ahead and not be as tattered as he looked. He does pull what looks like a small jug from it and sets that aside, and he looks around his room, (sighs) "I guess let's see if there's anything in the shop that still remains." Steps around the way. Oof. All right. Yeah, most everything of worth appears to have been taken or broken. "Anything intact, really." Make an investigation check. 16, okay. Looking around, most everything is ruined, destroyed, or missing, however you do find what looks to be two unspoiled, undestroyed vials that were part of a display set that has been tossed over the side. Most of the fluid contained in these vials, like corks have been left open, glass and crystal have been shattered, and the contents had just stained the floor and dried over time into little sticky pools of different colors. You do find two, one of which is a yellowish fluid that's streaked with black swirls, and there is one that it's like a clear liquid that has a-- the liquid itself fills the vial and then shrinks down to a tiny bead and then expands again to fill the vial, like a very, very slow heartbeat. Those are the two that you find. "You've done me great service by getting me out of that hellhole. You are welcome to take "these with you for now. I guess I have to start from scratch..." "Oh, yes, I'm sorry, I'm sorry." And he takes the vials and looks at them. "Ah, this is a "Potion of Diminution. It shrinks you to a smaller size." "It only lasts for a few hours, depending, the magic isn't perfect, but it does make you "smaller. This other one, this vial contains a liquid that will make you quite speedier. It will "increase your metabolism for a short time, the world around you seems to slow, it's quite "effective." "Pretty small. Like, if on your size--" And he makes a shape of about that big. "For you, yes. For you, you'd be about his size." "Ah, those are not my forte, my apologies." "I mean, check a general goods store, perhaps?" So here are your potions. "No, no, but it'll do, at least. Do you wish me to inspect that weapon for you?" "That's... unsettling. That's very unsettling." The dwarf and the woman are still waiting at the door, they've picked through things and they're finding bits of broken glass and over time they can't find anything else. He takes the hour to rest and regains, after some quick preparation, the use of at least his Identify spell. Takes the axe, holds it for a moment, chants some incantation that you don't understand. There's a brief glow on the weapon, and around the outskirts of his fingers, a brief glow around his temples. As it fades, he goes, "Hm. Well, if what you worry about is the presence of some sort of sentience, I "can assure you, you need not worry. This is merely a tool, and a powerful one at that." And he begins to tell you what it does, which is exactly what you already know after attunement. No. "I'm only 48, but thank you." "It's good to see that you're all doing fine, considering the circumstances. Stay safe. "I'll pick up what pieces I can." "I saw the dragon tear through, yes." And you see him standing there, even just standing here this time, his knees are wobbling a bit, and he goes, "I'm afraid I wouldn't be of much aid at this moment without my proper "spellbook. I have a few child's treats at my disposal." And he sifts through a few pages and he seems to-- the book looks like it's pretty old, like probably his training manual when he first began to study as a practitioner of the magical arts. "I don't know how much use I'd be, "unfortunately." "All right. All right, fair enough. Well come, let us look. Perhaps we should give another "once-over of the rather seemingly destroyed interior of that prison." Looks like Amelia and Old Davin have nothing else better to do, they begin to aid you for a bit, although Amelia is eager, and mentions the possibility of going and checking in on the farmsteads on the outside of town. Orn? Orn Blackfoot? Gone. He has peaced. Yeah. You guys take a moment, and when you start deciding what to do, and you look around and he's just gone. Yeah. The two of you guys, make one more investigation check, this'll signify the next few hours of looking for the things you want. Between the two of you, working into and past dusk, you manage to acquire quite a number of chains. It's funny, a prison seems to have a lot at their disposal. They have a queue of chains that are used of various lengths, some of them may have to be put together to make the length of which you're looking for, but between ramshackle manacles to just lengths of chain that are used to opening gates and used to seal elements of the subterranean portion of this prison, you manage to acquire quite a bit. You do, towards the end of the evening, manage to find partially destroyed remnants of Noja's spellbook. He seems a little disappointed as soon as he sees the state it's in, a lot of the pages have been burnt and torn out of these-- "Ah, it's all right, there are some here that are of use to me. And if I can be of any "assistance tomorrow in this fray, hopefully at a distance-- How big is this dragon, you said?" "Oh, well then I can definitely be of help there, not a worry, all right. I'll prepare myself "best I can." "That's not my specialty, I fear, and the potions I had are now soaking in the floorboards "of my humble shop." "Abjuration, of course. That's the school of magic of which my--" (laughs) "I will. Come to me when the time is ready to face this fiend, this foul creature, and I'm "happy to help." "All right." Okay. Well, based on the time that spell was cast, the 24-hour duration has expired. All things in the mansion have been jettisoned from the doorway. Continue, please. All right. Just standing there lost in thought, yeah. For you guys, at this point, it'd probably be mid-afternoon, late afternoon. Percy. I need you to go ahead and make three tinkering checks for me, if you don't mind. The first one is using your intelligence modifier. Well, proficiency bonus is what you get with tinkering. All right, so, initial designs and describing with your lackeys, for lack of a better term, that are helping you develop these springs, you manage to explain, lay out, and develop the proper materials, the process, and they seem to acknowledge and understand what you're trying to do, and you guys begin the work. Second check is going to be with your dexterity modifier. You spend the better part of the day helping them take the metal, strengthen it, bind it, pulling it into the springs that are required. You complete one, you get partway through the second one. Make a final check if you don't mind. This is also with dex, yeah. 23? Yeah. 23. As the evening comes into about ten or 11 o'clock at night, after hours of aching work, sweat beads dripping down the foreheads of the three of you, forcing the furnace to work overtime. The room's heat and darkness eventually almost puts you to a point of exhaustion and passing out. However, you do manage to complete the springs. They seem to be functional, the structure of your trap is set. We shall see on the morrow if it is as functional as you hope it is. You do take a point of exhaustion through the work that will consist throughout the next day. Disadvantage on ability checks. So, essentially, any skill checks or ability checks you make-- not attacks or saves, but ability checks you make for the next 24 hours will be at disadvantage. No, this is just the physical activity involved in getting it done in that short period of time. What? Correct. You're good, you got it. As you guys find yourselves resting for tomorrow's trap incursion and hopeful defeat of Umbrasyl, we will take a break for the rest of you and come back here. We'll come back in. We need a pee break. Quick one, guys. [break] All right, so you dig the trench. Okay, as a note, when you return to Willhand's house, Fassbender and Willhand were both ejected from the doorway. Fassbender doesn't fit in that large room and wrecked part of the staircase from underneath but is fine. As soon as you acknowledge Fassbender to start moving, Fassbender, who has been inert this entire time, since left there for the evening before, takes a step and the area where the crack that you sealed earlier reopens. It looks like there is a minimal magical effect that was more of a cosmetic effect in the healing, but being a construct, it does not actually heal damage from it. Okay. (stomping) Fassbender follows you out to that area of the town. As night has come now, the sun has gone, you guys are working in darkness. What are you guys doing? Within an object that can be closed, such as a book, scroll, or treasure chest. So yeah, it would have to be on something that, like a doorway or-- So, you decide what triggers the glyph when you cast the spell. For glyphs inscribed in a surface, the most typical triggers include touching or standing on the glyph, removing another object covering the glyph, approaching within a certain distance of the glyph, so you could place this in theory on the ground near where the treasure's being left and give it the specific trigger for it to go off. You can choose explosive runes-- 5d8 acid damage, cold damage, fire, or lightning or thunder damage. Your choice. Everything within a 20-foot-sphere radius around it. Well, it triggers as a glyph, so whatever's near the glyph would be affected. You can, you can definitely choose some sort of a small chest or the ground underneath the loot if you want to. Okay, and what's your trigger? Okay. So if a creature-- the trigger would be, if a creature-- That's up to you. What would you like the trigger to be? You can say if a creature flies above it at a certain height it can trigger. I'll give you that, yeah. If it flies 20 feet above it? We'll make that one of the triggers if you want it to be lifted. So, if the glyph is lifted by a creature-- You could do that, yeah. Okay. So, if the object is lifted off the ground, it triggers. Okay, and you're doing explosive rune. What type of damage? You would know, with your knowledge and specialization, it does not have any weaknesses. It is immune to acid damage, of course. But that is the only real information you have. Cold damage. All righty. Fifth level? All right. That brings it to 7d8 cold damage. And what's your spell DC? Using what? Stone Shape is instantaneous. So whatever you want to do, it happens immediately. So, essentially, you could, with one casting of Stone Shape, seal the wound. With another casting of it you could then go ahead and have the chains-- Yeah, just embed them in and have it seal. How many chains are you embedding in it? Two big chains? Okay. So you get two of the heaviest chains that you can find, which you probably got from the prison. Okay. As she does that, suddenly the chest wound opens up into these two big cavities. You take the chain edges and put them inside as they seal around them. There's now these two giant, heavy, door-holding chains that are now dangling for about 70 feet on each end from his abdomen. You can find some metallic hooks just through general construction materials in the town if you want to. About how long? You have to go around and find an area, because a lot of it's dirt. You have to find an area that has actual stonework in the ground. Otherwise, it's just earth that's pulling it. Go ahead and roll a survival check. 24, okay. You take some time. It's about 60 feet out from where the drop point is, is the nearest piece of near-surface stone. It's about 15 feet beneath the surface, but it is viable. Okay. Okay. Okay, and with that, the earth-- Okay, what is the radius of that one there? Let me see. Transmute Rock-- 40-foot cube. You turn that into a solid fucking subterranean block of stone. All righty. Now you have Fassbender just there, stuck to the ground with the chain at its side. Stone Shape does not-- Sure, I'll let that slide. With the remnants of the spell magic fading, the now-lying-down Fassbender staring up with his vacant sunken blue-glowing eyes towards the night sky and the stars above, your hand reaches across the face, and with that suddenly the-- --the once-charcoaled curly mustache recedes into the face, carved permanently to his face. That'll probably bruise tomorrow. It's like that long. It's like the rung of a ladder. It's got a little button on the side. Okay, make a perception check. 16? 15. You circle for a while and keep watch. So far, nothing seems to have caught your attention that's out of the ordinary. About half an hour passes before you see a group of civilians, along with Percy, wheeling on carts this large ramshackle construction made of support beams from houses, metal joints that were used as basic construction elements, as well as these large metallic springs on multiple sides with hooks and elements of a chain-based net that has been piecemealed together. Eventually you guys bring it over. You clear out the area. Fassbender will lay on top of the trap? So you set it up and away, laying the sides down, precariously putting the pins in, holding it in an open position. You begin to take dirt, dust, and gathering up the area, trying to hide it to the best of your ability. Who is in charge of camouflaging this piece? Make a survival check. Sure, what do you want to sing? 31. You guys take a good portion of the next hour or so, under her guidance and tutelage, hiding this entire trap, getting dirt, the top layer of sand to cover it so it looks like it hasn't been recently disturbed-- Little Dust of Tracelessness to fill in and smooth out any of the ripples of any possible passage that has come through. Fassbender has been-- (crash) Place it onto it? You can do that. It does cost you about 200 gold worth of components to do this glyph, so mark off that from your personal gold supply. Umbrasyl, yes. You did, I believe. You gave it to her to put in there? Yeah, it's a little soft, but it works. So you have the head of Kevdak at your disposal. Trap is set. Percy, who's pulling the pins, what's the trigger mechanism? Okay. So very carefully and very precariously, you all have set this trap as the final element, aside from the camouflage. Is there anything else you would like to add with this very sensitive large situation being finished? Which, Ryan, can I get the box of tree materials? Thank you. No, this is outside of town. It's an open field other than a handful of trees. Just to give you guys perspective right here, this is the setup right now. This is the central area where most things have been dropped. There are pieces here. If you want to put it into perspective here, the glyph lies over in this area. Most of the treasure's been placed in that area. The trap we'll say is set about in that area, with the central piece being the triggering mechanism. The trenches are down in this area. Oh, now you say the trenches, are you saying they're covered or not? So they're tunnels. They're not trenches. Where is the opening for the tunnel? Where would you like it to be? This side over here? Right, but it's more about the proximity of the exit to the trenches. You want them to just burst out, then? Okay. So the entrance is back here, then. That's what I was getting at beforehand. The intent is for them to push up and out? There we go. All right. We have entrenched areas in this vicinity with you around it. What's the last things you need to prepare before the evening is done? Correct. The attack must use a finesse or ranged weapon. A longsword, I believe, is strength. I would say-- stretching it thin. We had agreed it was a finesse weapon for use, meaning as a dex-based modifier for you to use in combat specifically. When did this discussion happen, I'm trying to recall? I would say because it is part of the intent of the weapon that the longsword, while it may be circumstantially used as a dex-based weapon for that purpose, it is out of your realm of expertise when it comes to using the sneak attack ability. It would not be able to sneak attack. Well, it takes an action to-- Diminution. Yes. So if you already have three objects attuned, you'd have to take one off. Disadvantage on physical attacks against you. Until you get hit, and then once you get hit, it fails to work for a turn. You will be losing 26 hit points to your maximum hit points. Your constitution-- or no, it's plus two, so you'd be losing 13 hit points on your max hit points. Because your constitution will go down without it. Boots of Haste? You guys prepare for the evening. You make your way back to town. Where are you having your feast? All right. So you find your way to the Margrave's town square there, you can see a number of the remaining Herd of Storms are sitting around small fires in the center of the cobblestone. They're all war-painted up, you can see there's smears of various dark charcoal and/or crimson liquid smeared across them in patterns. There is a brimming tension of coming battle. You may do your Heroes' Feast if you wish. You can feast up to 12 creatures as part of it. All right. So. That being the case. You guys have your meals in the center of town, summoned forth a grand Heroes' Feast, two side by side. The chosen soldiers step up and you all begin to feast upon your meal. The taste is great but you're all distracted as the energies of the divine enchantment of these food items fill your body and steel you against the coming fear, there is still the concentration in your eye as you all look off listlessly in the distance as you finish your food. It's now just pushing past midnight. Everyone seems to go and find themselves to rest, a tense sleep before them. Anything else you wish to do before you go to bed? What you're thinking of is Aid, and that lasts for eight hours. That's the one that gives the additional hit points he just mentioned. As temporary hit points, should mention that too. It's a separate pool. So 2d10 additional hit points. You want to roll, Keyleth? Okay, we'll say the 14 goes to your group, the 12 goes to the rest of them for the purposes of this. So that's a separate pool, the 14 hit points come off first before anything else. For each level of the spell, so if you cast it at higher levels, it's more. Eight hours, yes, but a long rest is eight hours, so. It's winter cresting into spring-- Six to eight hours. You run on a pretty consistent schedule, being a ranger. The evening's rest comes to fruition. You guys wake up as the very distant, dull blues of first morning light begins to crawl across the distant mountain ranges. Dead silent is the morning as the rest of the Herd begins to rouse and armor up. You hear the gentle clank of metal against metal as armor and weapons are gathered. Food is being prepared, cooked, and eaten without a word being spoken between them. Everyone springs up and hooks him. All right. With that, Zanror, after having this discussion at the Margrave's makeshift war room in the front foyer, agrees. "Not to worry. I'll make sure the men have known. We'll sharpen "the hooks sharp enough to dig into dragonhide, hopefully. We'll hold taut, and the moment that "creature breaks free, weapons are to fall on it. Very well." He puts on the rest of his armor. Everyone's feasted for the morning. We've lost Taliesin. It's like he's on the internet in Hawaii or somewhere. Right now? Okay. Hold on just a second. So Divine Intervention, there are elements of it that could be preparatory. By the nature of it, it's more of a sudden prayer of desperation. It's one of those things where the effects can range. It can be something that's immediate; it can be something that's more long. Understanding that, acknowledge when would be the good time to use it, whether it be now or later. Depends on what you're requesting, what you're praying for. Okay. Go ahead and roll a percentile dice, then. Roll 2d10. You may have a die that has multiple numbers on it. Yes. Roll that first. What'd you roll? I believe you need to roll under your level. What did you roll? Yeah. So, as you call to Sarenrae, the boundaries and barriers that keep the gods from directly interfering with this realm are particularly strong this morning. While you feel her glow upon you, her warmth and protection guiding you to victory, there is not more within her strength or sphere of influence she can grant you at this time. What else would you like to do? All right, so the sun has come up, the hour hits to eight, nine in the morning, you're looking at about three hours until the dragon's-- All right. The rest of you and the rest of the Herd make your way north. The few people that have stayed behind in the town, the few stalwart, stand outside as you all march by, and they all acknowledge, bow their heads, some get down on their knees and pray for you as you pass. As you quietly make your way outside of Westruun into the plains between the dotted treed landscape towards the drop point. The Herd makes its way under the tunnel beneath the ground. All right. So they are now beneath the area. They are situated. There is the entrance tunnel off to the side that is currently visible and open from that portion. Do you wish to close or hide that tunnel? Grog, you have hidden-- Once. So Scanlan, you have Death Ward on you. You are now up in this tree here. Vax actually already has resistance to acid because of his armor. Okay. So Vex. Currently you have resistance to acid as long as concentration remains. Grog, you also have resistance to acid. Scanlan over here, okay. You're going to be up in the tree. We'll say up in this tree. You want to be up in this one over here instead? There we go. You'll be in this one. All right. We'll say Percy is over at this one here, watching his trap hopefully spring. Is Trinket in your necklace? All right. Where do you want to be? Did you want to cast your Aid spell on anybody before this happens? Some people. This here? About 70-ish feet away is right here where these trees are. You're about 50-ish feet. At what level? That's 15 additional hit points to Keyleth. Not temporary, additional. Keyleth, who else? Scanlan, and--? Yep, 15. Do you cast it again, or are you just happy with those people? You can cast it multiple times if you have the spell levels for it. Okay. No. At higher levels, he can. All right. So, at this point in time, Kevdak approaches. I did it again. Zanror and two of his goliaths stay there waiting, with the offering placed at its designated spot. Any last-minute preparations? Well, wherever you want to be. In the trenches? All right, so you make your way into the trenches, pushing past all the rest of the Herd members. All right. We'll say for the purposes of this spread so everyone knows where they're all hidden currently-- Hiding off in this tree beneath you is Noja, invisibility spell and vanishes behind. Beneath the ground here, off to the side is your good golem friend hidden in the dirt. Quiet sets in, gentle distant wind as the midday sun begins to stroll through. It's quiet and quieter still. You can hear the gentle bristling of high grasses against themselves. The tension causes the muscles in the back of your shoulders and neck to knot up. Watching the sun slowly crawl to its zenith. (wingbeat noises) You look up, those of you who are able, and you see a dark shape, a shadow dart off from the top of Gatshadow. Circles around, past you towards the city. Comes back. Growing larger and larger as it does. As it comes within the vicinity, it drifts up with one large beat of its wings. And (impact sound) lands into the center of this vicinity. As it hits the ground, there is a tink! (creaking sound, impact) As giant claws made of wood, metal, and rotten, angry hooks slam up out of the dirt, sending a giant cluster of dust just filling the vicinity. It woosh-- wraps around, you hear the smashing of metal and wood and low, guttural roaring. Dust has filled the area, and, for a brief moment, you have no visual on what's happened. As soon as that hits, everyone around you in the tunnels bursts through the floor, smashing through as the tunnels begin to collapse inward. Also, I need everybody to go ahead and roll intiative. What does it say for the ability? I'll find out here. It counts as an ability check. I don't see why it wouldn't. Ability check or saving throw-- technically, you get plus two to ability checks, correct? I'd say, sure, you can reroll initiative if you want. You use the Luck point, and your initiative is what it is. Starting at this point in time, everybody-- We have 25 to 20. All right, 22. Vex. The Herd actually rolled really well. Grog. All right, 20 to 15. 19 for Percy. Is that it? So we have-- Noja. 15 to ten? All right. Ten to five. Big five, right there. Scanlan holding up the rear, there we go. At the top of this surprise round, I need Vex to go first. All right, so you are now hasted. You may now have an additional attack action per turn. All right. Correct, currently. As far as you know. Hunter's Mark on Umbrasyl. Go for it. Now, he is surprised, so you actually have-- Well, you have advantage because he doesn't see you, so yeah. 23? 27 hits. 25 hits. 23 hits. Herd's up next, and then Grog. 31 damage? Nice! 21. You're not getting additional sneak attack for the other two hits, by the way. All right. So that was your Sky Sentinel attack. Correct. All right. Sure. 24 hits. Okay, surprise round doesn't give you advantage, but you were hidden from the top of the round, so you have advantage. Go ahead and roll damage on that. There you go. They are not. 38 points of damage on the dragon-slaying arrow. Just so you guys are aware, this is over 100 points of damage in one round. No. At this point in time, I'll say you've definitely made yourself known. Technically you shouldn't have had advantage on the other ones, but-- Pssh, arrow splinters across the hide, no effect. All right. Staying there? You have no actions to hide, but you're in a tree. All right. Finishing your turn, the Herd now is going to go. Shot from here, he's going to stay back. All move in, he's going to stay back here and aim. They can't even get in; there's so many of them. That's fine. Throwing chains up, some of them leap up and jab the actual hook into the side and try to pull back. Having a hard time piercing hide. It's real strong. I got this, don't worry. All right. We'll say about eight of them manage to actually get it into the hide. The rest either bounce off or can't find purchase into its hide and it just scrapes down, but the rest of them are trying to hold it down. "We got him! We got him!" And they're holding back. The archers all take aim. Misses, misses, misses, misses, hits. You didn't tell Fassbender to use it. That's two hits for all the arrows. All the rest of them are just smashing against the hide of Umbrasyl. No effect. That is seven points of damage and eight points of damage. They actually make it through. That's their round. Grog, you're up. 26 hits. 28 hits. 23, three points of necrotic damage added in or on top of that? 23. All right. Gotcha. Whack! Whack! It's a tough hide to cut into, but you're making small hacks into it. You can start seeing that damage is possible, though it's a lot to cut through. This is a very hefty, very old beast. All right. Well, isn't it a bonus action to go into a rage? Pretty sure it is. Let me double-check real fast. It's fine, yeah. Bonus action. So that's your turn? Percy, you're up. You're way behind the dragon, hiding by the treeside. All right, Hex on the dragon. Strength ability checks, okay. Okay. You're just going to hold until it does something? Okay. It is now Noja's turn. Noja is going to step out from here and is going to attempt to Lightning Bolt. From the side, he just reaches out, hand forward. Arcs upward in its direction. It fails its saving throw because it is held in there. It is currently considered grappled. It doesn't have disadvantage or anything, but I'll say from this standpoint it can't really move around a lot. It's going to take the damage. Terrible roll. 21 points of lightning damage. At the end of his turn, it's going to use one of its legendary actions to make a tail attack against you. We'll say that'll be 27 to hit. If you want to. Okay, so 27 to hit. You take, from the slam of its tail behind you-- Oh, I thought, to reduce the attack not the damage. Okay. Go for it. Roll your d10. Ten. 17. What's your AC? 20. With that, the tail-- whack!-- slams into the ground. You manage to push out of the way just in time as Scanlan shouts up to the dragon. Just enough of a distraction in the settling dirt for the dragon to turn its head over and its tail swings just a little wide of you, Grog, as you sidestep, no effect. We'll say for this, it's less of a surprise round. I use surprise round liberally. Surprise was it grappling and everyone getting out of it and preparing for the actual assault. Correct. Umbrasyl does get a turn. Umbrasyl, very frustrated and angry at the circumstance, is going to attempt to break free. With disadvantage on the athletics check to try and break out of the grapple because of the Hex. All right. That is-- No, it's not a save. It's an ability check. However, the strength-- (struggling sounds) cannot seem to break free from the grapple of the communal might of all the goliaths there. So that is unhappy. All righty. Nothing's in the book, guys. That'll end Umbrasyl's turn. That brings us to Pike, you're up. Percy's up, then. Go for it. 28 hits. All righty. Go for it. 20 does not hit. Second shot just goes wide, firing off into the distance over the city of Westruun. All right. Pike, you're up. Spell attack roll, so you roll-- 29. Damn, what did you roll? That's nice. That'll hit. 26 points of damage. All right. And the next attack against it has advantage. So Pike, you're staying. You popped out of the trench and you're up on the ground. You hit it with the Guiding Bolt. You can see the blast of divine energy streaks up and slams into Umbrasyl's side. The darkened black scales now have this shining beacon across the torso. Anything else you want to do with your turn, or is that it? You want to move? All right. We'll say right here in this area around Umbrasyl. The magical light sword of Sarenrae once again forges itself underneath Umbrasyl, swings up towards-- Let's see, you did Guiding Bolt at what level? Third level. And Spiritual Weapon is second level. So that works. Lasts for a minute. Make a spell attack. Roll again. 19 total? The blade swings up and as it strikes against the dragon's armor, sparks of divine energy versus the scales streak, but no damage is done. The blade is unable to strike through the hide. Does that end your turn, Pike? Are you staying where you are? All right. You going to move, stay where you are? Ending Pike's turn, Vax, you're up. Okay, at which point suddenly dust streaks upward as Fassbender steps up out of the hiding place there. Fassbender focuses his arms out as the slow magic effect seems to take on towards it. What's the DC on it? 17. And that's a wisdom? It rolled a ten plus nine, succeeds in the save. That's true. Rolled even higher. Yeah, but it has to recharge. If it doesn't, he might just start hitting it. Okay! With that, you have shrunk down to a small-sized creature. Is that the end of your turn? So Vax is actually like a few inches shorter than you. You're now towering over him. (laughs) You're like two feet. He's about two and a half. So, it's your turn, Scanlan. Oh no, Pike, Vax, Keyleth, then it's you. Keyleth, what are you doing? Transmute Rock-- Yes, and a 40-foot cube in the range. So what are you doing? Turning what into what? Okay. The only piece of rock is the piece of rock that you put beneath where the chains were there. The area right beneath Umbrasyl is dirt, it's earth. A 40-foot cube, part of it would be under Umbrasyl, possibly, but for the placement of where you put that, it's going to be hard for you to do it without it pulling everybody else into it. You can do it still, but it'll probably take some of the Herd with it. Okay. All right, so you're putting Grog on a pillar. Which one? All right. If I'd known you were going to use this spell, I would've brought the pillars. I know, it's good. Now I know. That's good. All right. Where do you want it? Right there? Not through his wing, no. This is like a summoning spell. That one there. You have one more. Okay. All righty. That finish your turn? All right. That brings us to Scanlan. The range? Pike is quite far away. What's the range, I think it's 60 feet, so yeah. She's too far away. Yeah. Take your d10. Scanlan. You are not fully familiar with the physiology of a dragon. And you did. I would like for you to make an intelligence check. This is your ability to ascertain based on what you've seen, your knowledge of the dragon, where possibly in its body its stomach may be. (laughs) No. Right, you add your intelligence modifier to it. You would add two to that because of your bardic ability. Plus two to any skill check. No. So. Both of you grab hands and vanish. The darkness that hits your eyes upon vanishing doesn't go away as darkness still hits you. All of a sudden, you are plunged into a thick, wet, crushing interior. You have finished your Dimension Door spell. You are in darkness. You are being crushed between what feels like two layers of musculature. Both of you. You don't know where each other are. You don't see the other person. There's no sight. You can't hear anything. Nope. The trajectory of the spell and the unfortunate circumstance put you guys on two different sides of a membrane, and you don't know where you are. All right. Does that end your turn? You are both considered restrained, so your speed becomes zero, attack rolls against you have advantage, you have disadvantage on dexterity saving throws. Also, you suffer eight points of acid damage, reduced to four. You also both currently have no air. At the top of this round, Umbrasyl goes (disgruntled noises). "I will eat all of you!" You're up first, top of the round. I'm really hoping we can put more things on the battlefield, guys. I think that would be a cool idea. It's not like I don't have enough to concentrate on up there. It's fine. I don't have two giant eagle miniatures, so we'll say, for the time being, this air elemental is a giant eagle. We'll say these are up in the air. Because I've used all the height things for-- It's an action. Okay. Own initiative, which I just rolled. What's their dexterity bonus? So it would be plus three, that puts them at 11, so they are just above Keyleth and Vax. All right. As long as it's a level two or lower. You didn't start the round hidden, so you can't do that. No, you have to spend a bonus action to attempt to hide at the end of your turn. You'd have to be a level two rogue to do that as a bonus action on your turn. Oh, you're using your bonus action-- so your extra action, not your bonus action. You can do that, yes. Go ahead and roll a stealth check. You vanish into the foliage. All right. Great. Finishing your turn, the Herd now goes. They're going to attempt to put the rest of the chains up to increase the DC of the grapple. There we go. So four more chains get latched on so they're holding. Each chain increases the DC of the grapple. All right. So as they're all holding it down, the five in the back that are going to take attacks on it are going to do so. That's a hit, miss, miss, hit, miss, miss, miss, miss, miss, hit. Three hits. So four damage, five damage, and eight damage. They're rolling really terrible. They get two attacks each. All right. And with that, the tribal druid is going to cast Blight on the creature. However, it does make its saving throw, so for the purposes of speed on this I'm going to use my dice-rolling app. That's a lot of dice to roll. That comes to 18 points of necrotic damage. That brings us to the end of that round. Grog, you're up. You may. You can hit it. Yeah, it's pretty tall. Okay. All righty. Hits. Hits. The crit. So go ahead and roll damage on that plus two additional d12s. Yep, 21 plus? 31. 38 points of damage on the first strike. Next two strikes, roll for it. 13, all right. Last one. 16, okay. At the end of its turn it's going to use a legendary action to attempt to wing attack you. It's going to cost its last-- Go for it. Total of eight? All right. Expending two of its actions to use a wing attack, it's going to go ahead and start beating its wings as hard as it can, even with the chains amongst it. Each creature within 50 feet of the dragon must succeed on a DC 23 dexterity saving throw. Make a dex save. The only one of the party within-- what did you roll? Nine. All right. You take 15 points of bludgeoning damage. Reduced to eight. Go ahead and make one more dexterity saving throw, just for my own sake. 16. You are thrust off the pillar, pushed, falling, and hitting the ground, prone on the ground, the pillar remains there. You take an additional eight points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four, from the impact. But you are knocked prone. The rest of the Herd here, we'll say for the sake of that, they do not save. Oh, man. They are all knocked prone, knocking much of the chains free from their hands as they're thrown onto their backs. Then it is still technically grappled, so it cannot fly half its speed, unfortunately. It does seem to have knocked a majority of the chains off its back. Percy, you're up. Okay. That brings us to Noja. Noja's going to attempt another Lightning Bolt. It's the best thing he has at the moment. Oh, a natural 20 on the saving throw. Nope. Not bad. 15 points of lightning damage to Umbrasyl. Noja's then going to dart back behind the tree. Ending Noja's turn, it is now Umbrasyl's turn. Umbrasyl is going to go ahead and attempt to break free of the final chains that are there. Correct, with disadvantage. But even so comes out to a 22. (crash) The rest of the chains that were holding Umbrasyl down break free. Well, the trap that's currently holding it in place is part of the whole setup. The trap is what's keeping it there, starting the grapple, and the chains are just there to increase the DC. So with that, the actual metal structure of the trap that held it in place is shattered. You can see pieces of iron go flying, wood splintering in this cloud of dust that is kicked up from the movement of the wings. Currently right now there are still hooks and chains dangling from Umbrasyl, but some of them have broken and most of them are unmanned at the moment. The dragon is going to (wings flapping) go ahead and-- You can, yes. Attempt to ground him? Okay, go for it. Roll for the attack. Correct. So roll the damage first. Plus the modifier. So 46 is-- Strength saving throw. That's amazing. All right, so. Strength saving throw to try and resist the effect. That is a failure. It's going to use one of its legendary actions to automatically succeed, one of its legendary resistances. So succeeds. Rising up from the ground, because of all the guys that are knocked prone-- What was that? You held your action, okay. So you fired, loaded, fired last round. Oh. It's weird to do-- Out of turn action, it is a little strange to do that. He held his action. That's something you do on your turn as a burst. I'll say, probably have to wait on your actual turn to do that full bit. Umbrasyl does rise up about 40 feet. It's actually going to move back this way. He landed in the trap immediately and the trap set off, but he never grabbed the stuff. You said it was to-- All right. Flying back at that point (flapping wings) just growling, absolute anger. Squeezed in its insides, you guys both feel this heavy contraction within its body as you guys watch this flow of greenish bile spittle begins to fill up and spray out in a line from its mouth. Everything there-- Okay. Right, but the stream sprays down, it's not just a single bolt. It vomits it out and it lands over everything. That's how it works. All right, that comes to 15d8 acid damage. So that's 81 points of damage to all those guys. They all just dissolve in horrible agony. Sorry. That's going to end Umbrasyl the Hope-Devourer's turn. That is the full name. Devourer. Married into it. Hyphenated, yeah. You guys have both entirely vanished, you both are inside the entity. All right, so. Keyleth, the line just stops right before you. It smacks into the ground five feet from your feet and you watch as the earth and grass beneath you just immediately turns black and seems to almost coalesce into this death-sludge in this long line. It just barely misses you. All right, that's going to end Umbrasyl's turn. Pike, you're up. All right. You're now up on a pillar facing this giant flying dragon. Standing above the rest of the battlefield, your shield up and your Frostbrand to the side, you reach up and grab your holy symbol and go ahead and roll for your Guiding Bolt attack. 30 feet. He went back. 28 hits. How many 4th-level spells do you have left now? Because you cast-- Two more? Because you cast Death Ward, which is 4th-level, I believe, right? On Scanlan? Right. So you have how many more left at 4th-level? All right, so go ahead and roll that. That is going to be 4d-- how much do you get Guiding Bolt damage on that then? That would be 7d6 radiant damage. 22 points of damage. You're good. Okay. Okay, Spiritual Weapon, which is technically on the ground over here. Let's see. Spiritual Weapon, can move it 20 feet and repeat the attack. It is more than 20 feet away. It's down there, so it can begin to shift upward in that direction. So we'll say that it's partway floating in midair. No, it can't. It's too far away, unfortunately. Okay. That ends your turn, Pike. All right. It would be the eagles' turn, but they got dissolved. Oh, I like to. I also want to point out that you guys held my dragon to the ground for two rounds and hit it like a goddamn pincushion. I will. All right. End of Pike's turn. Vax, you're up first. At the top of your round-- Okay. First, you take eight points of bludgeoning damage as it is crushing you, muscles tensing on the inside are just-- You're in between musculature right now and just being crushed. You are restrained, so go ahead and make your attack at disadvantage. It's about him being able to actually move and get it. Plus one to hit. It would be strength, but we've agreed that it can work as finesse for the purposes of a dex bonus, you just can't sneak attack. Be grateful I'm being-- 17, you pull the blade and it's just unable to cut through this tense muscle and tendon. Okay. He's trying from the inside. Does War God's Blessing require you to see the creature? We'll find out. When a creature within 30 feet makes an attack roll-- So, using the Guiding Bolt, you can see shifting somewhere in the body of Umbrasyl-- (laughs) You see this form moving in there. You know, based on what you guys have discussed before-- I hope you discussed this plan before. That's a plus ten bonus, is that what it is? That hits, go ahead and roll damage with the longsword. No, he doesn't get sneak attack with a long blade. Let me look it up here just to be safe. 15 damage from the inside. The extra is 3d6, you are correct. The reason that you would get sneak attack for having another creature within five feet is because it is harrying and the opponent is distracted-- Not enough. There's not a lot of threat to Umbrasyl. All right, go for it. Disadvantage on that attack. Yes. You can't even get your dagger out of the sheath. It's too tight in there. You are cutting through muscle, and you feel the body and the muscle just tense based on the reaction of the interior pain. You watch the dragon, but it's still keeping up in the air. You are beginning to suffocate. I mean, you can hold your breath for a little while here, but just letting you know, there is no airflow. You're not suffocating yet, but you know there is no air to breathe currently. All right. That's your turn. That brings us to Keyleth. Right there? Strength saving throw. That is a failure. It's going to use its second legendary resistance, succeeds. If it recharges. Go ahead and roll a d6. Yes. Two. It does not recharge Slow. Fassbender is too low. Fassbender is just standing there now. Okay. All right. Up? 60 feet of movement? His speed is 60? 20 feet, all right. That finishes your turn, Keyleth. Scanlan, you're up. Actually, at the end of Keyleth's turn, it's going to use a legendary action to use a tail attack against you, Pike, because you are within 20 feet of it. As it's in the air, its tail whips out toward you. That is a 32 to hit. (laughter) You take 22 points of bludgeoning damage. You're barely holding on up there, but yes. You take the brunt of it with your shield, and it almost knocks you off the side. You manage to take your sword and dig in to the opposite side and catch yourself on the edge of the pillar. It does not knock you off. Scanlan, it is now your turn. At the top of your turn, you take six points of acid damage, reduced to three, as you've found your way into the stomach. He did not. It's fairly spacious, but it's all squeezed together right now. It's not a giant, empty void, it's not a giant pocket of air in your stomach, it is a-- You're also holding your breath. You are also submerged in liquid that is dissolving you. You can. You're still pressed in but you can move your hands, yeah. (laughs) Okay. Pulling out-- This is going to be weird. All right. So you take out the immovable rod and click it and as you release it, it stays there aloft in the center. You have darkvision as a gnome, correct? Right, so there in this space amongst the murky liquid you can just barely see its shape there and it is held aloft, yes. No, that's your action to pull it out and click it. Because it's not easy to do in your current circumstance. You guys hear through the earring, (incoherent high-pitched babbling). The air has now escaped your lungs. You're not drowning yet. That ends your turn. Vex, you're up. You do. The next attack, yes. Yeah, the Guiding Bolt, because the Guiding Bolt's technically the next attack, it did not give you advantage on the attack, because you're on the inside and you don't actually see the Guiding Bolt. It would go over to the next one. He is 30 feet up right now. If you want to. Down here, you mean? Okay. All right. So using your bonus action, you conjure the vine as your one 4th-level spell. Oh. So you would've had to have prepared that in advance. But yes, we'll say you do. You should have told me. But we'll say as part of the preparation you did that, okay. So Grasping Vine appears, lashes out from this pillar up at Umbrasyl. All right. The creature has to succeed on a dexterity saving throw or be pulled-- what's the DC on your spell? 16. That is a nine plus nine, that is 18. So the vine whips out and Umbrasyl backs up and pulls the leg up and it just hits the air beneath. Kicks away the vine. Yeah. Go for it. Yeah, three attacks. First one has advantage. 24 hits. It's technically not sneak attack. It's not so much about-- there's somebody close, but a person that is not threatening him from his current physical space, it is a bit of heartburn for him right now. You don't sneak attack somebody from eating bad pasta. Not yet, no. So how much damage is that? Ten points of damage for the first attack. Second attack? This does not have advantage, only the first one did. What was your first roll? 26 hits, so the first one hits, sticks part in the front of its armor, doesn't seem to phase it, the second one it actually hits the wing and the wing just shatters it and knocks it out of the air as it's keeping itself up. The third one, however, does strike and hit and it'll actually go between the scales of the neck. Roll for damage. Nine points of damage. Both arrows sticking out of the hardened exterior of the ancient black dragon. Yeah, it's just chilling on the side there. As long as you maintain concentration, it'll stay. It failed with the grab. All right. End of your turn? Is that what you're doing? You have to use a bonus action to try and hide if you began the turn hiding. Or you can use your extra action from the haste to do it, but you already used it to attack, so you're not hidden. (laughs) End of your turn, it's going to use another legendary action to do another tail attack against you, Pike. That is a natural one. Umbrasyl goes to swing and suddenly there's a pulse in the stomach as you see Vax moving once again on the inside and doing so distracts it and the tail just swings overhead and you duck below it as it just barely misses your head by inches. One of your braids actually comes loose from the amount of wind that blows by. That brings us to-- Herd's turn. He is going to rush up around here. Grab the chains that they can. The chains have broken, so they're going to go ahead as part of their plan to begin to just unleash weaponry, so they just run through-- This was their plan. The plan they agreed to. They're all taking out javelins now. They had them at their side. They're all leaping up towards it. You've met... All right, so they're all going to take javelin shots at-- miss. Miss. Two-- miss. Hit. Hit. Three hits. And so they're all just (effort sounds) chucking these javelins upward. Four, eight, that's 12, plus seven-- 19 points of damage from the javelins as some stick in then fall out, the wounds are now becoming visible. Umbrasyl's-- there's visible wounding but doesn't appear to be in dire straits or anything. Grog, you're up. They're thrown, ranged attacks. They're plus one to hit and damage. That's it, yeah. It's a relatively simple enchantment. Climbing speed? I mean, if you roll a decent climb check-- here. That would be-- I'd say that would be an athletics check to see if you can climb it, and I'd put it at about half speed. But you're also prone, so getting up from that's half your speed. Yes you can. You now have technically four attacks per round. Yes. Yep. 50 feet. Athletics check. 18. You just manage to get to the top with the last bit of your movement. So you are up about ten feet from Umbrasyl right now, pushing on 15 at an angle. Yes. You're not in melee, though. Okay. All right, so you (effort sounds) finally with the javelin of lightning. So go ahead and make the first three strikes. Okay, so with advantage on each of these. The range on the javelin strikes, I'm just going to pull it up real fast, since this is the first time you've used this. Yeah, within 30-foot range, so it's fine. Go ahead and roll. First one is? It's 11 plus one for being enchanted. Plus your strength modifier and your proficiency modifier. Which is plus seven, I believe. Plus-- so yeah, that hits. Yeah, you're looking at plus 13 with these attacks. The first one hits. Second one. Hits. Third one. Misses. The lightning javelin you just throw and I think it hits. The last one, I don't think you actually roll to hit with the javelin, it just becomes a bolt of lightning. So roll 1d6 plus eight for damage on two of those javelins. All right. All righty. And now with the javelin of lightning. Makes its save. That is a 21 with the save. What's the DC? 17, so it takes the half damage. What's the damage on it total? Go ahead and roll that and he takes half damage. 13, all righty. So 13, and then halved. Six points of lightning damage. Okay. The last hit, the javelin turns into a bolt of lightning, and streaks through, hits and impacts and then just falls to the ground, the energy expended. Jamming itself into the dirt not far from the ground. End of your turn, Grog. Percy, you're up. All right, go for it. 20. It just ricochets off the armor. Okay, reload, and then shot again. 30 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Strength saving throw. That is a 19. Okay, so it succeeds. Yeah, you have to meet or exceed. All right. So reload, shot, reload. Go for it. 21 does not hit. It just steers wide, shooting past the beating wings. Okay. All right. Ending your turn, Percy. Noja is going to use the third and final Lightning Bolt, now arcing up to the entity. Makes its save with a 27. All right, bringing us to-- 8d6. 13 points of lightning damage against Umbrasyl from Noja, and Noja steps back behind, looking exasperated and spent on some of the upper-echelon spells at his disposal. Now it comes to-- actually, at the end of Noja's turn, Umbrasyl's going to use its last legendary action to make one more tail swipe at you, Grog. That is going to be a 29 to hit. All righty. You take-- that's really bad. That's 11 points of bludgeoning damage reduced to five. Yeah, you stay up. (loud clanging sound from Skype) All right. Top of Umbrasyl's turn. See if this recharges. Umbrasyl is going to attempt to move to the left. Correct. If the creature pushes against it, it must make a DC 30 strength check to move the rod up to ten feet in a single round. So. Nope. It goes to move and (grunts) and is feeling something tear through on the inside of its area so it stops with this sharp pain. Takes one point of damage, but the warning is there. It does not move. However, (laughs) the acid breath did recharge on a five. It's going to go ahead and go right there. Angrily lay down right there. No, if your speed is zero you plummet is how it works. No, they all fail. All right. They are all right over here. Wrecked. Wrecked. Wrecked. Wrecked. Zanror's right there at the bottom. His wife is over here. And when I say wrecked, they're on the ground, their flesh dissolving and screaming in pain. The Herd has been heavily culled in but a few rounds. There's a little bit of horror to it. I need both Grog and Keyleth as an earth elemental to make a dexterity saving throw. You both suffer 82 points of acid damage. Yeah, you take 41 points of acid damage. Unable to move, that is the end of Umbrasyl's turn. That's messed up. (laughter) What's the DC on the check? What is it, is it wisdom? All right, constitution saving throw. That is 18 plus 14. 32. I think that succeeds. All right. So it now shifts up into space as a bonus action, and you can make a ranged spell attack against it as the sword arcs upward towards Umbrasyl. Go ahead and roll, add your spell attack modifier. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 1d8 plus five, correct? Pretty sure. You did second level for that one, because it was a bonus action. 1d8 plus five. Nine points of damage against Umbrasyl. Blade just streaks across and more sparks fly, but this time you can see it left a carve of glowing red mark across the scales where the blade managed to do some damage to it. That ends your turn, Pike. Vax, you're up. You immediately take eight points of bludgeoning damage as it begins to crush you from the inside. It's different! It's not like a soft gooey center. All of its body is still very dense, sinewy muscle in the vicinity. You don't know where you are in its body, so you don't know where the actual weak points are. So, given those circumstances, your ability to barely move-- Probably not. Yes. All attacks because you're still restrained. That unfortunately is not cutting through. 21, just barely not able to cut through the dense hide, the blade is caught on what feels like a ligament or something, it can't quite carve through with your body all crushed up inside. Correct. So go ahead and roll a d6. Four. Fassbender's still standing there. On a five or six, it recharges. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. All right. How many feet are you going? Oh, right there? You can get up to there. You're wider than the pillar, though. You like-- Okay, so you're making this a jump action, then? Using the momentum of the Earthglide? Okay. I'll say that-- It's pretty fast-- Also pretty heavy as an earth elemental. Go ahead and make an athletics check. That would be strength as an earth elemental if you do not have a specific skill for it. 23. You manage to leap and catch the bottom of its foot. (cheering) Yeah. 2,000. The European watchers are like-- All right. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. Take eight points of acid damage, by the way, as you're slowly dissolving. Reduced to four. Oh Keyleth, by the way, I need you to make a concentration check before I forget. Well the DC is half the damage you took from the breath weapon, so 40. So who did you cast the resist acid on? You're no longer resistant to acid, Grog. Your air is out, you're still holding your breath, per se, but you have one more round before you actually probably start-- You're doing okay. He screamed and released all the air out of his lungs. So he's now completely collapsed lungs, no air to subsist on. Okay, what are you doing? (laughs) All right, so at a sixth level we're looking at 7d8 thunder damage. Go ahead and roll that. That is a DC, it rolled a nine plus 14, so it succeeds. Half damage. 25. 12 points. I need you to make a constitution saving throw, because you are on the other side of the membrane from Scanlan and suddenly there's a giant impactful forceful blow as the outside of the stomach crushes-- You take 12 points of damage as well. Constitution saving throw on Umbrasyl's part for-- Rolled a natural 20, so Umbrasyl's not vomiting. Nope, rolled a natural 20 to see if it could hold it down. There's a boof from the inside of the dragon-- Basically. A little, almost. From the source of the force that probably pushed it away for a second, air is pulled through the esophagus instinctually as when the space opens it has to suck through, there's this (gasp) sound, so yes, there is a moment of air that is pushed back out. You can see upwards a brief little glimpse of light at the top of the esophagus as the mouth is forced open as the air is pulled in and the blast streaks out angrily. Scanlan, is that your turn? You are restrained so your movement is zero. You're not like floating in a giant pool of water. You're crushed against membranes with acid. Remember the scene in Akira when Tetsuo gets too big and the girl gets crushed briefly? You're in that middle period right there, you're between two folds of stomach lining and there is just acid all around. It's awesome. At the end of your turn, it's going to use a legendary action to do a wing attack, actually two actions cost. Begins beating its wings rapidly in this vicinity. I need both Grog and Pike to make dexterity saving throws. Both of you take 15 points of bludgeoning damage and are thrust towards the edge of the stone, I need you both to make strength checks to resist the force to the blow. No, it's halved for you after that. However, you both are, from the sheer force of the wind, blown off the top-- 23. Ancient dragon. You both fall and take an additional eight points of bludgeoning damage. Okay. So you take no damage from the additional seven. You catch yourself on the ground. Yeah, you're both prone at the bottom of the pillars. All right. That was the end of Scanlan's turn. Back to the top, Vex, you're up. Okay. Actually, because I didn't see you I need you to go ahead and make a save as well, because you were on it as it's beating its wings, too. Yep. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. Four. You also take 15 points of bludgeoning damage. And I need you to go ahead and make a strength saving throw. 19. You are blown off of the dragon's body. Like a rock slamming into the ground. You take 12 points of bludgeoning damage from the impact with the ground, leaving a small crater. However, there are two giant eagles that are now floating in the vicinity around the dragon. The eagles are summoned. Their initiative is not bad. They're going to be after Grog. Make a perception check. 29? All right. You notice, on the outskirts of like the central row of scales, there is a small lump that is constantly struggling not far from the surface and is just darting around like a cartoon flea. All right. Roll for it. 20, it hits and shatters-- I think it's a Channel Divinity, in which case I don't think you can. War God's Blessing, Channel Divinity-- Which currently-- You can use it a second time between rests. Yeah. So you can. So that does hit. Plus ten to the attack, so it hits. Let's see here, what's the range on that one? Just checking to see the range on that last because it does have a range-- It's what I do. Creature within 30 feet of you makes an attack roll, so you could not, unfortunately. Has to be within 30 feet of you. She's too far away. So that one does miss, shatters across the armor of the dragon. You have one more attack and then your extra if you want to. 23 hits. 11 points of damage. You can't summon it yourself. Sticks into and pierces through. You feel a (impact sound) nearby. And what little bit of vision you have in the squeezed area, dark as it is using your elven darkvision, you can see what looks to be a part of an arrow point that has stuck through the armor. Okay. Ends Vex's turn. At this point, Zanror looks over to Worra and says, "We have to go. Save our child." And Worra looks and sees all the dead around her. "Only if you come with me." Looks back and says, "No. I don't run from this. I'm going to kill this with my cousin." She turns and goes into a full dash this way, escaping. This guy's going to go ahead and begin to climb up. And gets partway up. Not all the way. Take a step back and make four arrow shots at it. That's a hit, a miss, a miss, and a miss. Takes an additional ten points of damage from the arrow. That guy over there is going to move around and he's going to grab one of the dropped chains on the ground and throw it up to see if it can wrap around Umbrasyl. Seven does not hit. It just arcs below and falls to the ground. That's going to end the Herd's turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, so 50 feet. You are twice your size, so you're pushing about 12 feet. It's roughly half your height, not perfect-- Don't argue with the DM. I assume it was attached before the battle. Go for it. You have one throw. It hits and then you can pull it back. Yes. Yes. 29 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 21 points of damage onto Umbrasyl. All righty. It is embedded in there. Do you want to pull back? Okay, you weigh. All right. At the end of your turn, it's going to go ahead and make a tail attack against one of the eagles. That is going to be a 21 to hit. The giant eagle takes 20 points of bludgeoning damage. Okay, so the eagle right there has six hit points left. You do an additional 1d4 damage with any melee attacks. Melee attacks. Although the weapon does grow large. I'll say go ahead and do another 1d4. There you go. So that's an additional four damage. Great. So that's the eagles' turn. What do you got, Laura? Roll attack, they have two attacks each, so roll four attacks. Yes. Plus five to each. 23 hits. So two hits. All right. So that is-- It would be one beak and one talon, yeah. Go for it. So 1d6 plus three and then 2d6 plus three. Nice. Not bad. Both streaking out and clawing heavily at the dragon. It's bothered by it very remotely. It's more distracted with the sharp pain in its stomach. Well yeah, I mean, they're striking at it, they don't go straight for the eyeballs, the dragon goes here, hit. They're getting near it and scraping it, the scales around it, it's moving its horns around and batting them away. If you wanted to make called shots for its eyes specifically, none of those would've hit. Outside of a natural 20, none of them would've hit. And even a dragon's eyes have pretty decent armor. So Percy, you're up. Oh, we've lost audio on Percy. What are you doing? All right. Go for it. 23 hits. Nice. All right. Reload, second shot. Misfire? Oh no. Bad News just (muffled explosion). All right, so that's the end of your turn? All right. Noja actually is getting scared, yeah. Noja is actually hiding behind the tree and is shaking now, his body, malnourishment that whole time and this dragon taking all of these blows and is still standing has gotten to his head. Umbrasyl is going to look around in the vicinity, you know, starting to show some wear and tear and some serious damage to it now. And it's going to go into a dive. As it does so, you watch as the rod hits the edge of the body and tears through the stomach. And tears through the abdomen and out the side of it. The immovable rod now shoots out the side of its body. That is 37 points of piercing damage as it ejects from the side. He is going to-- Correct. As you are pulled up, let's see here. You, Grog, are now being lifted up. Make a strength check. 24, yeah. Umbrasyl lifts up and goes full flying speed of 80 feet this way, carrying you dangling beneath and is going to go into a dash and continue to fly up towards Gatshadow. With Scanlan and Vax inside him still. Grog dangling from beneath. And that's where we're going to pick up the next one. (yelling) Three of you are not here-- That's right. Do you guys want to keep going then? Or you're going to have to wait two weeks. Yeah, we're probably going to take off next week because we're missing half the party. Yeah, we have work tomorrow. All right, let's do that. Picking up in two weeks from now. (yelling) We have the remnants of the Herd and most of Vox Machina left behind as Umbrasyl flies off to the peaks of Gatshadow, dragging a large chain-held Grog beneath and a miniaturized Vax and Scanlan inside of its body. Oh man, this is going to get real interesting. You guys did pretty good. Dragon's taken some damage. No, but it will be soon. All right, guys. We'll figure out what we're doing next Thursday. It might be another Q&A hangout session for those of us who are still in town. They got birthday events and travel to do. It's all good. We'll be back here in two weeks, back here next week for probably a Q&A hangout session, two weeks from now with the dramatic conclusion of the showdown with Umbrasyl the Hope Devourer, member of the Chroma Conclave. (laughs) That's awful.