Hello everyone, welcome to the fifth episode of Critical Role! Before we start and get into the videos for our initial intro, let me go over a couple of things for the evening. First off, we're shooting to get to 1,500 subscribers by this evening, and as soon as we get there, we're giving out a promo kit that's worth about $250, which is awesome. We'll all go ahead and sign it at the end of the day and get it out to you as well. Also, Tabletop Day is coming up this Saturday, and a few of us will be showing up during the stream as well and any of you guys playing your own tabletop games at home, or whatever the case may be, if you go to the website and register, for each person that registers, we're giving away a boardgame to the charity Big Brothers and Big Sisters, so that's a really, really cool thing that you guys should get involved with. That's this Saturday, at International Tabletop Day, and also, we received a present apparently from the audience. That I get to open. I don't know vat zis present eez, but now I get to open zis. This is for all of us, apparently. It is a big-- oh, it is a gigantic sack. Oh my god guys, this is, this is amazing! All right. There's a card? Oh snap. By the power of #TeamNoStream, you have the power. By Negihama, thank you Negihama. That's amazing, as we now have for the group, a castle Greyskull. So during the intro break we're going to go ahead and open this and find a place for it nearby, 'cause this is now representative of the keep that the players have waiting for them at Emon once they get out of this horrible mess. Anyway guys, welcome to Critical Role, let's get into those intros, shall we? Welcome back, guys. So we finally have Pike's video finished, so I hope you got to enjoy that. As a heads-up, too, unfortunately we're going to be down one Scanlan due to work, but that's okay, the bard will be in our hearts this evening, and you're welcome to tweet at him angrily to make sure he makes the next session. So, without further ado, let's go and kick into the recap. So, the party has initially been sent down on a mission by the arcanist Allura Vysoren in search of a halfling paladin who has gone missing, named Lady Kima of Vord. A folk hero and a very respected individual, she went on a vision quest and apparently went alone into Kraghammer seeking some sort of great evil that was festering beneath the city, and hasn't been seen for weeks and weeks. The party was hired by her to go and try to find her whereabouts and hopefully bring her back safely. Since traversing and meeting individuals in Kraghammer, they then spearheaded into the Greyspine Mines where apparently these monstrosities have been burbling out time and time again over the past few weeks. Pushing down, they had encountered umber hulks, they managed to inquire some duergar, which, apparently there's a lot of them down here. Duergar being an ashy-skinned, subterranean dark, evil dwarf-type offshoot. One of which had with it a brain-type quadruped that managed to Brain Spike Grog and send him catatonic for a short time. They, wandering through the caverns, discovered there was a duergar war camp across the way from-- across this large chasm that was currently being run by a general duergar alongside what appeared to be, and what they've now discovered to be, a mind flayer or an illithid. They managed to, upon looking deeper into this cavern, finding hidden behind a waterfall, thanks to the druid and the ranger, completely stealing from the rest of the group their flying carpet, made a very tenuous relationship and alignment with another mind flayer, apparently cast out of his own society, searching to find a way to both get revenge and find his way back into his colony of people. And his name was Clarota, lovingly called Clarence by the group, probably much to his own chagrin. After which they decided to go ahead and try to extract information from this duergar general, and stop this war camp from preparing itself for battle and attack, seemingly, on Kraghammer in the near future. Through a strange, crazy plan they came up with, they managed to fly undetected over via flying carpet and eagle, and floating sorcerer, over the entire war camp, made a Metal Gear run into the center of their main barracks-- (all laugh) -- after which, Vax bisected it, pretty much, in one surprise round of attacks that led to a large battle in the center of this building, partway through which ground began to rumble. And then digging a forth from underneath, a bulette, a gargantuan armored, burrowing creature that was hungry and very dangerous that then made the battle that much more intense. A heavy, blood-filled battle later, involved with Percy getting his hand caught and firing his gun into the gullet of the beast, eventually it had its armor pulled apart and was defeated by the party. The remnants of the duergar army inside of this building have been destroyed, aside from a few stragglers who have laid their weapons down, and the general now lies beaten, on his knees before the rest of the party. And that is where we pick up and begin. So, as you all are catching your breath, breathing heavily, as the adrenaline slowly leaves the system. Looking around this building, with the large hole still glaring through the roof. Tiberius is waving through it. The general's on the ground, warhammer at his side, blackened armor still kind of sizzling with the arcane energy from his temporary Banishment via Scanlan. He sits there with this kind of gnarled, brackish beard, looking about the rest of you with these wild kind of white-coated eyes. "So you found your way in. What's your purpose? What do you want from me?" "If you want blood, take it. It's all you're getting from me." "I don't know what you're talking about." "Well, she wouldn't have gotten far if she did. Not with my people." Go ahead and make an intimidation roll with advantage. That's a way to start. As you pull the blade to his throat, he chuckles deeply against the strain. "Your halfling "lass was foolish. We took her. We delivered her to King Murghol as a present. If she lives, she's "probably ruined and broken deep within the dungeons of Emberhold. "You're welcome to go for her there." "Murghol." "Ooh, down, probably." "I highly doubt it." He spits in your direction. Go for it. He does not appear to be lying about his interpretation of her, apparently she is where he is. As to where her current state is, you don't know, but he seems to have a very, very made-up mind as to her possibility of her being alive still. You can press him that information even harder. Of course. It's kind of reminiscent of Black Speech from the Tolkien universe, that has that guttural (speaking Black Speech) very, very deep. A little bit like a whispering darkness to it. As she speaks this tongue, it catches a lot of you off guard, you've not heard her use this tongue until this point. Make an intimidation check. Get your sheet ready. You got your paper today? Lovely. 18. He says, "No passages to the stronghold, but there is a way in. Aside from the front. Good "luck getting up in there from that point." "Yes, through the lake. Deep below, you'll find a tunnel. This tunnel will lead you to a "subterranean passage straight to the stronghold." Make an insight. No, he's bullshitting through his teeth. Hey, he seemed honest about the passage but dishonest about the-- he's basically following her lead. "Uh-huh." "Perhaps." "If I tell you, will you let me live?" "I'm essentially--" "Don't just leave me alive. Give me a chance to walk from this building, "on my own, arms intact." "And I'll give you the secret entrance to Emberhold itself, "leading you straight within the throne room." "Correct." At which point, a cold, clammy hand touches your shoulder and pulls you aside as-- -- a partially hooded Clarota steps forward and says, "I'll attempt to read his surface "thoughts. If he tries to keep it from me, I'll know." As he steps forward, he puts one hand in front of him and his eyes gleam with a sickly green hue. You can see the general tips his head back for a second and begins twitching an eye. Sweat begins to bead around his brow as Clarota takes another step forward, tensing his hand once more, his head beginning to bow forward with an intensity, a force of focus towards his direction. You can now see the general, "Let me live. Let me go and I'll tell you. This isn't necessary. I'm willing to "give you the information." You can see a trickle of blood begin to pour out of one of his nostrils. "Let me see." And the mind flayer pushes once more into his brain. You see a twitch to his face as his head kind of lolls back and rolls for a second, resisting as best he can. But his will is currently being beaten by the defeat of the battle, the lack of his compatriot mind flayer, and the sheer intensity of Clarota now focused on vengeance and returning to his people. The blood beings to stream not just from his nostrils, but from his ears as well. As Clarota releases him for a second, he goes, "He has not seen K'varn, but knows a bit of his nature. I cannot read it, but we could press for more information." "K'varn was responsible for forging the alliance. For centuries and generations, his "people and mine killed and fought. It wasn't until K'varn came that we decided to work together for a "common cause. Expansion, unification, dominion over this land and these mountains. Divided, we "were weak, petty, greedy. With K'varn leading us, we have purpose, we have growth. We could take "what we'd like, and I'm but one dwarf. If I fall over here, "many more will take over where I fell." "I have not seen K'varn personally." "What I know of K'varn-- a being of immense intelligence. A creature that needs not walk this "earth, one that does not touch the land that it traverses. I know it sees all, it smiles from a "toothy maw and laughs, laughs in the darkness. Protruding from its forehead, one nasty, gnarled "black horn, terrible source of its dark power. That is what's beneath here." Insight check. Go ahead and make a nature check. Or arcana, either one. This'll be more for your own personal knowledge, probably not. But you can make one yourself. All right, so. No natural creature you've ever heard has this type of essence to it, having a single black horn. It is. It's an awful, awful narwhal. Way to spoil the story, Liam. Gnashing teeth, black horn, very intelligent. That doesn't seem to be anything from nature itself. From your experience, there are different entities, but usually there are multiple horns. Singular, demonic beings that would have extreme intelligence, sharp teeth, horns, and you've had brief brushes in the past with demonic entities that seems to run in a similar vein, but nothing in particular is creeping into mind. It's going to be difficult for you to specifically come up with this, with what little information you currently have. Yeah. "Let me-- That was not the deal! You leave me, unspoiled, on my life, "and I tell you the way into Emberhold." "Emberhold." "Emberhold is the fortress of our people, built to resist assault from all sides." "We've an army, hiding about the outskirts of it. Kind of like an army you might have in one "of yours, if you think you have a chance. However, since I don't think that's what you carry, your "best bet is on the left side of the fortress. There are two streams of molten rock that pour "down the side. The smaller of those two streams covers a secret tunnel." All right. He seems to be forthright and honest with his information. "However, that'll "take you through the lava. That's up to you. It's meant to open from the inside. A trapdoor-like "mechanism that spreads the actual flow. From the outside, well, good luck. "I've done my side of the bargain. Let me free." Okay. So his belt falls, changepurse, and everything. He is wearing full plate black armor-- So his trousers do not plummet. He picks up his warhammer. "Unspoiled was the deal." Takes a couple of steps forward towards you, holding the warhammer out. Suddenly, he turns completely invisible, vanishes from sight. You hear (footsteps running). At this point-- Before you have the opportunity-- -- he becomes visible again, about 20 feet out, gone down the stairs and towards the front door and he just-- Go for it. All right, that hits. It's not a Sneak Attack, just damage. You chuck your ax at him. Okay. All right, so go ahead and roll damage for both of you. He is there, standing in place with his arms locked like this. 15 damage? All righty. Ten damage, all right. There's now a significant amount of blood beginning to pool down his feet, as he's standing there. As he is frozen in place, Clarota just kinda steps up to the front of him, grabs his cheeks and pulls his head in towards him, as his tendrils slowly wrap around his head. You can see them meet at the back of his skull, and with this horrible crunching sound, you see his head shudder, as his limbs go limp. A few moments of this horrible slurping sound-- -- and you hear this dull, sickening, hollow (suction) sound. The tentacles release, Clarota releases his grip from his head, and the captain falls onto his back, a giant bloodied hole in the center of his skull. As you're looking, you can see there's that kind of weird purplish crimson around his tendrils, as he kinda wipes it off with his hands, and goes, "It's enough to sustain me a while. I was getting hungry." Yes, so you loot the body. You find amongst all the duergar bodies here, as you're quickly jumping around and grabbing, it's hard to count the exact amount, but you're looking at somewhere in the neighbourhood of about five to six hundred gold pieces. You'll have to check later. A series of black iron weapons. None of them seem to, at a quick glance, have any sort of magical value. The blackened plate armor on the duergar itself does radiate a magical essence, as does the warhammer he was holding. Yeah. There are a few that are wearing black plate, but they're not equivalent enchanted. From what is in here, that would be 11 sets, total. Because there were also sets that were on the rack at the very front. An arcana check, yeah. There you go, sir. So, as Tiberius is looking over the equipment, kind of poring through his arcane knowledge. "There are residual memories, thoughts. It's delicious." And you can see, there's this almost rapturous look in his face you haven't seen before. For a moment, Clarota looks a little younger, a little stronger, a little more dangerous. And you're put off a little bit by it. But there's kind of this momentary kind of relishing in the moment and-- "He speaks the truth about the path into the Emberhold." The smaller of the two. On the left side. Yes? Oh, there are plenty of soldiers still in the camp. You stealthed into the barracks. You can certainly try. There's plates that have been broken and cracked. You can try and start cleaving away at it. Okay, you start-- It's really tough hide. You know, 'cause you tried to cut through before and you managed to make a few marks. It takes you a few minutes. You manage to get, let's say, about three saucer-shaped pieces of armor out of it. You could definitely get more, but then you start hearing bells going off. LAURA and You don't see anything yet. You just hear bells starting to go off in the city. You start hearing horns. Big horns. You start seeing torches being lit. Okay, what's the radius on Pass Without A Trace? Four miles, it's all I got. Okay. Well, the arrow that you have that he made, it's essentially an arrow that bursts into a tanglefoot bag. When it bursts, it grapples whoever's there, it's not like grappling an arrow. 30-foot radius, okay, so you could just-- -- barely get Tiberius in there if you-- On the platform, so yeah. All right, so Scanlan-- Both gnomes get grabbed by Keyleth as-- So, you guys, right now, as you're carrying the two gnomes, all of you except for Grog are on the carpet, correct? You're flying. Okay, so how many spells do you have left on that? One left? All right. Trinket's back on the other side. Trinket didn't come with you to the battle, because there was nobody to get Trinket across. Yeah, I know. Eh, you weren't here. (all laugh) Hopefully. Everyone, make a stealth check. With a plus ten additional modifier thanks to Keyleth's spell. All right, so you all take off. As you do, you can see now, probably close to 30 or 40 duergar have now begun rushing towards the barracks in the center of that main open area where that wooden platform was, where Scanlan originally saw a mind flayer. As you rush up, you hear (speaks Undercommon). You hear it as Undercommon, screaming, "There! Above, look!" A stream of javelins comes firing up in your direction. Okay. Okay, so there's a volley of javelins and a Fireball streaking past. You'll be able to get ten of them in that Fireball blast, go ahead and roll for damage on that. However, for those that rolled less than 20 on stealth, each of you are getting three javelins each to you. So that's you two, and Grog. What'd you roll again? Okay, yeah. So you three. So three javelins against you, miss you entirely. Percy. Actually, one more against you, Keyleth. That one does hit. You take 14 points of piercing damage as the javelin just gleans off the side of your giant eagle torso. Percy, that's a 21, an 18, and a 20. So you take three javelins. 24 points of piercing damage. Yeah, 24 points total, as three javelins-- Two strike you off the shoulders and one actually embeds itself partway into your waist and you have to pull it out, and probably dug a good six, seven inches in. All right, the three that are going towards Grog-- That-- Natural 20. A 17, what's your AC? That one misses, and the last one-- Yeah, two natural 20s. Not even joking. All right, so-- You take a total of 36 points of piercing damage, Grog. Yeah, probably. Oh, barbarian. He is here, Scanlan's holding on tight as-- However, as the javelins strike all you guys, moments later there's a gargantuan explosion, and there's a flash of reddish light from below. A giant fiery blooming explosion bursts into the center of that area. You can see duergar thrown left and right. You manage to take out about 12 of them in that one blast. You guys continue, cresting over the top. You can now see more and more are starting to gather, the bells are going off, the horns are blowing hard. You can see a bunch of them are now running over to what looks like some of this siege equipment they had constructed-- MARISHA and Which includes a few large ballistae. Okay. You guys are coming down. You basically shot up, curved around-- And you're going backwards towards the barracks. As you do, another volley of-- Another volley comes to the guys who were under-stealthed. However, there is one attack less each because of the duergar that you had taken out. So, against Keyleth, one hits. You take 12 points of piercing damage. All right, a two and a one versus Percy. All right, so. Keyleth's form shifts back into that of Keyleth. You guys are about 80 feet up. At which point, both Scanlan and Pike go into a free fall along with Keyleth. No, you guys are about parallel. You guys were moving together. Okay, you guys are out in the middle of the open cavern. There's no place to connect the bridge, so you're essentially creating a giant ice-- LIAM and Chunk right beneath them. Which is also now in freefall. Yes. So as you guys try and swoop underneath as they're plummeting-- You're riding this, go ahead and make an acrobatics check. All right, so you swoop underneath. A sudden motion, as you're trying to cast. Go ahead and roll a concentration check on this. Unfortunately, you're falling. You're like (worried noise), you're just plummeting through the air like a rock because you're in full plate armor. You have to pull it out of the bag of holding and then turn into a lasso, that's gonna take you a full minute, so you don't have time. All right guys, so here's what happens. In the time this has transpired, you've rushed underneath with the magic carpet, all of you barely managed to hold on, as both Pike and Scanlan and Keyleth all slam into the top of the-- You lost your concentration, so Glacial Blast didn't go off, thankfully. That would've been really bad. You guys slam onto the top of the rest of the group, in there. Because you lost your concentration, your flight spell also dissipates. Grog is now plummeting. The carpet now has too much weight and is currently giving out. It's slowing your fall, but you guys are-- you're coming down at a very, very fast pace at an angle over the barracks towards the back end of the war camp. You can attempt to. Grog-- Everybody, at this point-- Yes. Essentially, you guys are flying beside each other, the three that were falling, you guys swooped underneath and caught them, however it's too much weight to bear, the carpet's now-- At this second, you're about 60-70 feet up. It's about 15 feet tall. Grog, however, goes into a full plummet. You guys have just caught the rest of them, you've all caught them, you're crashing down. Go ahead and roll a concentration. Your constitution modifier. The spell fizzles. From what you can see here, you're probably about 50 to 60 feet. You're towards the back of it, thankfully, the barracks are towards the back of it, so maybe about 50 to 60 feet from the full tunnel. Yep. You guys go crashing at an angle. Grog is completely separate from you. He was flying, and lost concentration of his spell. Grog's like a stone. Off of the carpet-- Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. With a disadvantage, because you are jumping off of a currently flimsy flying carpet to try and catch up to him. Go for it. So what's your acrobatics check? The lower of the two. Okay. You manage to fumble out of the carpet, however, you are now just end-over-end falling now off of the side of the carpet on your own. You're having a hard time even seeing Grog now. The world's just spinning and spinning and spinning. You can attempt-- Go ahead, cast and roll concentration check. What did you roll? Okay. Featherfall gets to you just in time. Your descent slows. In that time, Grog has impacted. So you all brace for impact. The actual carpet's careening out of control. You can see there's just barely the top of a building you might be able to try and skim. This is going to be up to the one who's been steering this whole time. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Yes. No. 24? You just managed to skim the edge, which lessens your impact slightly, however, it does send you all into a full end-over-end topple. Everyone. Everyone. Make an acrobatics check. Grog's impacted. He was falling faster than you guys were, he's six hundred pounds going into straight freefall. You guys had a little bit of a fall break. Everyone. Oh, except for you, because you're floating. It's based on how you guys roll, because you're the ones who are holding onto them. So you got Pike? What'd you roll? Natural one. Okay, so half-damage for you. Roll some fall damage here. 18 points of damage. He didn't have a lot of hit points left. 18 points of damage to you. The rest of you all take 36 points of fall damage, except for Grog. Well, no, no, sorry. You succeeded, you rolled a-- 18, so you would also take half-damage, so you would take 18 as well. You take half that as well, thanks to his roll as well. Right, you were in full plummet, you can reduce the damage slightly. Yeah, you take 45 points of damage from the impact, Grog. 45 points of damage. And leave a small crater from the impact. You and Scanlan both take 36, which puts Scanlan into a negative as well, because he wasn't-- he was not at-- No, he wasn't. So, you all tumble end over end, come to rest. Yeah. On the far end of it, thankfully. You guys can hear the bells and the horns going in the distance. It looks like all the rest of the folks that were stationed here moved towards the center. You managed to arc over them, but they're going to be here shortly. No, the ballistae are on the opposite-- Well, the ledge is back in the other direction. You guys are going towards the tunnel on the opposite side. Okay, you guys-- and you, you're kinda getting up on your knees, coughing-- Percy's just face-down in the ground, scrapes across the side of his face. Scanlan's also out. You guys are roughly about ten feet from each other from the impact, just, you were scattered, and then you kind of regrouped. Not yet, but you assume it's only a short period of time. Grog, what you at? Okay. Okay. You barely get yourself out of the crater. That's gonna suck tomorrow! As this is happening, Percy, go ahead and make a death saving throw. What did you roll? That's a fail, so mark off one fail on your death saving throw on your sheet. Scanlan does make his. Okay, all right. So both you guys pour healing potions. That is-- those are the normal ones? The common? The regular healing? 2d4 + 2. Go ahead and roll that. Okay, go for it. That's four-- Scanlan also comes to consciousness. That's the cheapest one you've got. 2d4 + 2. Okay. No, that's towards the center of the camp. All right. So as you guys are running towards the back, towards the main tunnel, which you can now see, it's roughly a 40- by 30-foot tunnel. You go running through the buildings. You see a few duergar kinda poke out from the buildings. No, you guys are just bolting at this point. You're not even concentrating on stealth right now. Plus, with the group-- Basically, a few of you would stealth and the rest of you would be left in the dust, so you're just kind of all pushing for speed at this point. You all manage to push towards the back of the entire war camp, into this tunnel. Hearing behind you the distant echoing shouts of approximately 30-plus duergar heading in your direction. You hear a few other ballista bolts hitting the wall above you of the stone. You guys have now pushed into the tunnel. Okay, how many can you-- Three per spell? And how many spell levels do you have currently? Right. So you have one. Right. How many spell castings did you have left? Two? One left. So you get three columns. It's 30 feet wide. Okay, everyone heals for 24 points. Add that up. No. The walls are stone. Pillars go straight up, unfortunately. It's the nature of the spell's creation. Okay! So as you're trying to figure this out, Keyleth steps over-- As you guys are doing this and rushing in, you're realizing there's one member of your party that you haven't had a lot of time with-- LAURA and -- that you didn't think about until this moment. You now see, kind of, like, floating, via levitation ability, about 30 feet away, slowly descending towards you, as you're putting up the wall of stone-- Two bolts go firing towards him; one whooshes overhead, a second one-- (impact sound) -- through his back, out the front of his chest-- -- off the shoulder. You can see now-- and the bolt itself is about 4 feet long, made of this long, jagged, pointed arrow tip. Clarota begins to falter, and begins to hover towards you, almost, like, trying to swim through the air in your direction. He's about 20 feet from you now, you can try and reach out and put your hands towards him-- Okay. So as you guys are running towards him, instead, this giant crystalline form of ice just-- -- crackles up into what looks like some sort of strange, winter festival slide that would be made for children in the center of town. Clarota-- -- as it descends, two more bolts come towards him. Both (whoosh, whoosh). At this distance, in the darkness of the cavern, it's kind of hard for them to get a bead on him. Both just pass overhead. With eyes kind of lolling, Clarota comes down and hits the edge of the slide, and almost loses consciousness at that moment, sliding through the ice. You guys manage to capture, grappling his arms, lift him to his feet-- You all make it into the tunnel, Keyleth turns around, raising her hands, the actual blackened stonework of this tunnel shakes for a second, and then a giant, thick wall of natural rock closes off the entire tunnel behind you. Completely seals it. You guys are now in complete darkness. As the light hits, you can hear, just on the other side of the surface of the stone wall, javelins, other things are being shot at the stone wall-- -- but it's keeping it at bay. You guys are now at the wall, and behind you the tunnel continues into a passage you haven't seen yet. You can certainly try. A level two potion would be 4d4 + 4. Okay. 17 points to Clarota. Which-- administering a potion to a mind flayer is an experience that very few in this world have probably ever, or ever will, experience. As you kind of reach over, grab his shoulder, you look for where to put it, and the tendrils kind of, like, flail about, but begin to-- they, as he notices what you're doing, kind of relax and open up, and you can now see the circular, lamprey-like, toothy maw of the mind flayer. It's a very disturbing, disgusting image, with this jagged, yellow teeth, in a circular form. You pop the cork, and just pour it in. As you do, you see the wounds across Clarota's form begin to seal. The arrow is still stuck in its torso. You can certainly try. Go ahead and make a-- this would be a medicine check. It's iron. It's solid iron. Breaking it off is not gonna work. You have to pull it from the wound. Go for it. A nine. So. You take your moment, you view up where the puncture wound is, with a little bit of Grog's help, you both grab the edge, and you're like, 'On three. One, two, three, pull!' You pull through the wound, not against the arrow-- -- 'cause that would just tear everything out in the process, but nevertheless, in doing so, Clarota does take an additional eight points of damage. But, the wound is now no longer a giant-- -- it's now able to be healed completely, so. Clarota takes a moment and kind of grasps the wound. Shatters the glass. At which point, you now hear (impact sounds) against the stone wall. He's good enough to walk with you guys. Well-- So you're helping him. Yeah. Clarota gets up on the carpet and-- "Thank you." The carpet kind of drifts alongside you guys. You guys are pushing backwards towards the cavern. The tunnel kind of begins to pinch a little bit. It gets to about a 15-foot width before it opens up again. You're about a hundred feet back. You can now see it opening into a-- what looks like an extension of the war camp. (all groan) Go ahead and make a perception check. I do keep that-- I keep tabs on that. For the most part, we've got a few rolls, and it worked fine. Looking inside though, this camp looks like it's been abandoned. It looks like it was built, and then the expansion into the war camp you just escaped from seemed to be the next step. Like it's slowly advancing and this section of it has been in disuse. As you push in towards the center of the camp you can see there's older campfires, lots of the tents have like partially collapsed. Dust has gathered. Okay. Looking around as well, you see all the equipment. Any pieces that would be of interest have either been taken-- either destroyed and are broken or have probably been moved into the war camp. You glance through a couple of the tents. Looking about, it's definitely been abandoned. It no longer serves a purpose and anything of use has been stripped and taken. This cavern is maybe about 60 feet up or so. It's a little domed section, and you can now see there are two exit tunnels to this section. One that is kind of straight ahead, a little bit to the left. And one that veers off to the direct left of you. So if you're looking straight from the direction you came, there is one right ahead of you, a little bit to the left and one that goes quickly to the left. Yeah, do that. 'Cause they're both kind of left. It's a joke. Clarota takes a moment and kind of looks at you, kind of-- his breath. "I've not been this far up these tunnels. It's too dangerous this close to "the war camp. I would've been killed in a second." He kind of closes his eyes for a second. "One of these leads below, one of them leads to "the surface. I can't recall which." Going to the one on the far left, as you're stepping you hear a (muffled impact noise)-- -- against the distant stone wall that you put up. As you head to the tunnel, you don't sense any sort of temperature change, but it does seem to steady off into a decline that curves to the left. We shall say, a general sense of this area, you look and you can see, in this area, unlike the previous sections, there are small clusters of bats on the ceiling. As apparently they have an exit of some kind to the surface. Okay. Okay. So as you guys are walking over there, one of the bats-- -- heads down into the tunnel, continues into the darkness. From the echolocation, which is a very strange sensation, you haven't really done this before for a bat and it's a very weird experience. It continues about a steady 40-degree decline that goes further and further down. Eventually, you get to a point where the bat is out of your sphere of influence and you lose your connection to the bat. No, it's a decline. All righty. There are two tunnels, yes. Correct. Yes? There's one, the one on the far end, the one that does not appear to be a decline, seems to be the widest of the two. Okay. Grog goes charging into the darkened tunnel to the very left-- The heavy footsteps of Grog disappearing into the darkness-- You guys give chase. As you guys catch up to Grog, which isn't too hard-- Are you going to a full sprint, though? Right. You catch up to Grog. The tunnel itself is about 30 feet wide, 20 feet tall. And it is a slow, continuously gradual decline and curve to the left. Like a spiral, downward. You guys continue for another 20 or so minutes down, before it opens up into a small alcove to the right, but the tunnel continues. This alcove, it's about 35, 40 feet in, and it looks like there are remnants here of a camp that was set up once. Similar to the war camp, but once again abandoned, or at least currently not in use. Yeah! Go ahead and make an investigate check. All right. As you guys are having this conversation, Vex does a quick glance over, there are about four tents that are still set up, there appears to be a small ring where a fire was set up, and you can see kind of bits of charcoal-- -- and bits of long, long, long forgotten burnt meat, remnants, charcoal, and such there. You do see, on one of the walls-- -- there is a similar seal of Bahamut. However, there are four tents here-- Which means-- previously you saw just one, from what you saw. There are four here. It's an interesting change to your appearance. Means either been repurposed, or there were more people with her, or since then the tent, the camp has been used by other individuals aside from her. However, glancing through, you do notice that there are a few discarded travel bags-- -- carrying rope, grappling hooks, general cluster of torches, about eight in total-- And as you glance about you can see, in this alcove, looking at the dirt itself, it looks like there was a serious struggle. You can start seeing drag mark-- Ah, well, this is part of your investigation roll, essentially. Unless you want to track to where the tracks went, that's a different story. That's-- It's hard to tell, you see some of the footsteps, and some of the drag marks, while mostly worn over, elements do show some of the fairer folk. The duergar have a very distinct footprint or size. You do see one that resembles more of, like, gnomish or halfling origin. You see drag marks in the dirt, you see other individuals, looks like there were chunks of rock that have been chopped off the side of the wall that look fresh, where you can see the soot that has settled into this part of the cavern is no longer visible where these scratch marks basically took off and exposed fresh rock. They do, and they lead down the tunnel further. Okay. So you use your spell, you seal off the tunnel with pillars. You can just barely get most of the entranceway covered, there's a couple of small slivers and spaces between. Yeah. If they were. All right. So you guys end up making camp, are you guys lighting a fire? Or are you keeping it dark? What's your plan? It's fairly warm. Okay. Fair enough. What wood there is, is used charcoal in the abandoned fire pit, unfortunately. You guys get set up? Fair enough. A rest heals you to full. You do not have-- Like at this point, I mean, you could-- what're you trying to do? I should say. Do you have any currently built explosives? You know what, I'll let you go ahead and try it with just your tinker's kit-- It's gonna be a difficult-- -- roll, but go for it. You add your proficiency bonus, which is, the tinker's kit is four. 15? Okay, okay. You manage to fasten what appears to be a black powder, impact-based explosive to the tip of an arrow. It's a little weighty and unwieldy, it might not be the most accurate thing in the world, but if it hits it's probably gonna pack a punch. You very gingerly place it within your quiver. It's heavy in the tip. It's one of those things where, you know, shooting it is going to be an interesting challenge. That's up to you! I dunno. Okay. All right. As the evening transpires, you all get your evenings of rest, you guys kind of keeping watch, gambling away. At a certain point, throughout the evening, something perks up your ears. You begin hearing footsteps, many footsteps. It sounds like anywhere between six, ten, more-- From above, yeah. Up the path you guys came from. Yep. All right. Leaving the rest asleep? The three of you make a stealth check. You do, Grog. You do. Again? Thank you, Wil. All right, so-- You were awake too? At this point? You weren't resting? Okay, then-- If you're not resting you don't get your spells back. You are welcome to stay awake if you want, but you just won't get your spells back. You'd probably be exhausted. All right. So. Between the three of you, thankfully, you had two successes against one failure. You manage to cover for your sister-- -- who, who, 'Huh? What? What?' When you wake her up. You guys quietly wait-- All right. So. The footsteps progress through, and you-- there's no light source, as duergar for the most part do not require light to see in the tunnels. You guys have low-light vision, not dark vision. No, it is pitch black. You just hear-- -- you just hear the footprints go by. You hear them approach the outskirts of the alcove. But you're asleep. Yes, you are. (all laugh) As the footsteps approach the outskirts of the alcove, the rest of you sleeping soundly, unaware of what's transpiring-- A few moments pass, and the footprints appear to be passing, past, downward into the tunnel. (all laugh) All right. So. Eventually, when you feel enough time has passed, where those who've been resting come from their sleep, spells recovered, wounds are healed, except for those who didn't sleep, you guys maintain the same health you had previously. That also puts a level of exhaustion-- So. There is one level of exhaustion on both of you currently. It just means any ability checks you take-- So, any skills you take are at disadvantage until you get a full night's rest. Okay. You can use-- remember, you can use your hit dice to heal still, before you start throwing potions around. If you have a moment to rest-- Yeah. (sings) Fifth Edition! Before you start throwing potions around, 'cause remember, you're far away from civilization right now, you have a very limited number of potions now to lead you through here, unless you find some way to return to the surface. So. You all eventually come back to consciousness, in this darkened alcove, pitch black. It is still warm, slight smell of soot and dust in the air, what do you guys want to do? Yes. Mm-hm. It basically matched the wall as you guys went around. You're not completely in there. He could block off most of it, there's like little spaces between-- Indeed. So. This, given the point in time that you all wake from your slumber, we'll continue this in a few minutes. In the meantime, we're gonna go ahead and go to our intermission break. See you guys back here in about 12 minutes or so. All right, what you got, man? Go, go! Awesome. Fantastic. Perfect. Yeah, do it. Yes, yes. Yes, 826LA, guys, is a charity that we've been been trying to raise money for. Essentially, it's a Los Angeles-based, also in San Francisco and other parts of the nation. It helps teach and tutor children in literacy, storytelling-- it's a really great charity. Go ahead and look on the website 826LA.com for any and all information you require on it. But they are a really good cause, they're good people, and been a fan of their work for a long time. So we are happy to help however we can and however you guys are able to help as well. So. See you guys in a little bit. [character intros] And so we will pick it back up. So as you all regain consciousness and prepare yourselves for the day ahead, once again, you've gone a number of days without sunlight, without any vision of the sky. It's a very disorienting experience for all of you who are unfamiliar with subterranean territory. Even though you are rested, you don't feel rested. There's kinks in your back from the rocky floor. The best you could find yourself any sort of comfort here is from whatever you have on your back. Most of you sleep in your armor out of necessity and paranoia. As consciousness comes to you, you guys are able to try and find your way back out now that you've been sealed in. No. You have about a five, six-inch gap between each of them. You do. Yeah, go ahead and make an athletics check. Actually, for this I would say it's a straight strength check. This is just physicality, strength against the stonework. All right. All right, so as Pike-- as you go and swing at the pillar, you impact with all your might and the pillar cracks at the impact. You're like, 'that is awesome', then you look up a few inches and notice that Grog's ax is also in the same pillar. You guys, you take five or six minutes or so. You manage to hack away enough in one of the pillars to leave enough room to squeeze through. It takes a while. You manage to cleave that open. You all gather your things, you group together and you can continue in whichever direction you wish. All right, as you guys-- Commune? (pronouncing correctly) You wanna start a commune in nature? Okay, keeping the best essence-- -- of the scenery around you, you take a moment. What's the reach of that one? Whatcha got? Three miles. The natural entities that you can sense in this cavern system are the few clusters of bats that exist in the back portion of the war camp that you guys just ran from. That's about it, I mean, there are a few other strange things that you've seen that live down here, but they wouldn't be anything that you would naturally sense. All right, you guys step back into the tunnel, all of you squeezing through with the rest of your materials, heading further down. About 15 minutes of travel go by and the very air itself is becoming steadily warmer. The smell is this combination of still water, groundwater type of a scent mixed with an ever-growing kind of sulfur-type, brimstone smell. Make an athletics check. Make an acrobatics check. (impact sound) Face down, Vax. A slight bruise on the cheek as you go faceplanting into the stonework ahead of you. Clarota shuffles alongside you guys. As you guys are walking, you're welcome to make chatter, any discussions you'd like. No, it was yours versus his. It was a direct versus 24 versus 22. He won. No, it's up to the rolls, man. As you start to mention that now, Clarota kind of nods and says, "Aye, that's where the colony resides." "Our great city." "Amongst the ruins of jade and glass." "Surrounded by the forest." "The city below Yug'Voril, that is where the temple resides, "where K'varn holds the Elder Brain." "Ah, yes." Make a will saving throw. (all laugh) Yes. Okay, you feel a mental slap as Clarota glares at you from across the tunnel. "There'll be none of that in my presence." "I hate puns." (all laugh) "Yes, Emberhold, yes." "It is black and jagged, I think, yes." You guys are unfamiliar with this tunnel, Clarota is unfamiliar with this tunnel. All you know is it's going down. That's better than up. You guys press forward and you begin to encounter little trickles on the ceiling of orange, glowing little puddles. Progressing further down, you start seeing large clusters, little pools of molten rock beginning to form under certain sections. In a little ways up, you begin hearing some additional footsteps to your own. Further down the tunnel. It is. Here, there's a sheet that has all the information you need. Scanlan is not happy about this. Stealth checks, both of you. All right. All right, so you guys vanish into the darkness best as you can tell, kind of weaving between the portions of the tunnel that naturally shift and give you moments where you can hide up inside. As you guys hold back, you guys push ahead, and you can see the little points of glowing light where these lava pools every 100 or so feet begin to appear. You begin listening out, and you hear these footfalls are very heavy, and the gait of whoever is walking seems to be wider than that of the normal humanoid. Probably a good 60, 70 feet. You hear some muttering. No. Looking on the ground, you guys have no light source currently. It's pitch black. Do you want to go to the nearest lava pool? All right. It's very, very faint visual. You can see there are a number of tracks, up and down. All different sizes. This area, this tunnel is traversed quite a lot. Listening, you hear two sets of heavy footsteps. And you hear what sounds like some sort of squeak sound, like a (squeaks). From around the edge, you can just barely make out these two lumbering humanoid shapes. They begin to step towards your direction. You guys back and kind of flatten yourself against the wall. You can see they're now both dragging behind them this small roughshod cart, with something inside it. Okay, you pull it across. (deep grumbling and laughter) Okay. So, as he throws the leather, the leather shifts form suddenly in midair into a serpent that slips onto the ground, and slithers in place, curling up at the approaching two monolithic entities. As they begin to cross in front of you, you both pull taut on the rope. The immediate one falls forward, tripping face-first on the ground, a heavy (impact sound). You guys hear in the distance this loud thud, impact sound. All right. You guys come rushing in, let's go ahead and roll initiative. I figured you were raging. You guys, coming in this way. They are two giant ogres. One is back here and one's just fallen over there. And they are carrying some sort of large cart-like object, I'll just say for now. Let's say it's about there. All right. So, initiative order, guys? You do, actually! I'm rolling initiative, so we have the order. You guys are gonna have a full round of surprise on them first. All right, so, 25 to 20? 20 to 15? So Vex and Vax, both at 15? 15 to ten? Oh! Grog. The ogres, each one weighs nearly a ton. Yes, Grog, close to that. All right, let's go fast here. Here we go. All right, so, top of the round-- No! Surprise round for both of you guys first, as the rest of you rush in, so Vex and Vax, you guys get a surprise round. To the guy on the ground. Yes! He's on the ground, so you get advantage on your attack rolls. That definitively hits. 62 points of damage. You leap on and entirely eviscerate the ogre. You jumped onto his back, slashing the back of his torso. As you pull open the flesh, you expose the back of the ribcage, and he goes into this kind of gurgling sound as it dies immediately on the spot. LAURA, MARISHA and Okay. Okay, roll and make a stealth check. All right. The ogre is right there. There is the ogre on the ground, big squishy ogre. It's considered rough terrain, because now you have to go over this giant dead body in the middle of the-- All right, your turn. 22 definitely hits. 25. So! As you pull the arrow out, it's a little wonky, it's actually, what you rolled, it's a minus four penalty to hit with it, but you still manage to hit because it's a big creature, even though it's in very big darkness, you-- you know, in darkness you ignore partial cover. You fire it. It arcs slightly, smacks in the side of its chest and stomach area. It's this cacophonous explosion sound that rocks the immediate vicinity. It takes an additional 2d8 points of explosive damage. Nine points, and everything around it also takes the additional damage-- -- the whole radius does. The cart-- the wood on the wheels had shatters and breaks, it falls to one side. What you see, some sort of a glass container that was at the back of the cart shatters and cracks. Top of the round. Tiberius. You can move if you want. Yeah. Back to here? Use your pointer if you need it. All right. Tiberius, you're up first. All right, go for it, roll for the attack. Do you ignore partial cover? I mean, did you take that feat? No. Okay. So yeah. So you're rolling-- okay, so yeah. So what did you roll to hit? Right, yeah. Okay. All three rays unfortunately miss-- -- due to the darkness in this room it's very hard to see, other than the slight glow from the lava. So you fire all three rays, and you see them streak through, and each one gives off just enough light from the actual flaming ray to glow to the vicinity, but not the actual target. You see them both streak off and slam the wall on the opposite side. You add your spell modifier. It's on top of your spell page! Good to know. All three hit. Go ahead and roll damage. There you go. It's his first time casting spells, guys. (mouths) It's not. All right. Okay, is there a saving throw for half damage? Is there a saving throw on this one, or is it just straight damage? Okay, cool, gotcha. All right. All right, so you, you blast the ogre with three. As each explosion hits, you see the rippling of its kind of grotesque flesh from the impact, the third one blasting off a portion of its shoulder, exposing this meaty bone and blood. It gives out this horrible (roars) into the tunnel itself, causing just the atmosphere to shake, as bits of stone begin to rumble and fall from the ceiling. All right, that ends your turn? Still standing. Barely. It's now its turn. It steps away. To that point. It's just going to charge through, as all it can see is the figures in the distance. That's where it is. At which point, the cart seems to shift slightly. You can see something slowly-- dark something-- -- amorphous and liquid in nature beginning to shift in the shadow. No. It's just this giant, black, liquid-- -- ooze-like creature. All right. So! That brings us to-- Scanlan. Scanlan. I know you're out there, Scanlan. Scanlan's going to go ahead and sing a song of inspiration to-- I'd say Grog just in case he needs to- Yeah, it's a d8 inspiration dice. Scanlan is then going to cast Invisibility on himself as an immediate self-sustaining reaction. That brings us to Vex! Yes. Okay. So you Lightning Arrow. No, that's just for you. Yeah, so that hits. Go ahead and roll the arrow damage. Okay. As the arrow disappears into its form-- -- the bolt of energy, as you pull out the arrow and release it, it sparks and you can see the blue energy kind of streaking behind the arrow. It plunges into this thick, black, gooey mass and as it does, the lightning just gets absorbed into its form. It sits for a second, shakes and quivers, and then splits. Dividing into two separate smaller slimes. Seemingly unaffected by the damage of the lightning. Other than the fact that you altered its form slightly. So, do you wish to move? All right! That brings us to-- Vax, you're up. You are, yes. Hits. 52. As you reach behind, the daggers plunge into it, and the ogre lumbering over doesn't have any more to its life. Its jaw just goes slack as it releases the last bit of air in its lungs, tumbling forward, piling onto his friend. Okay. Okay. This direction? All right, go ahead and make an acrobatics check. 15, okay. You barely manage to catch your footing. Thank god you didn't roll a one. That would've been very bad. This ogre then plummets to the ground, now piling on top of his friend. So now that whole section there is considered rough terrain. All right, that brings us to Percy! There? I will tell you, the pool of lava right there isn't brimming really close to the surface. It would take a significant impact to carve anything that would release it. It's self-contained. Okay. This one, or this one? Okay. Go ahead and roll for attack-- Ice shot. Okay. 15? 15 hits! Okay. The bullet pierces his form. You can see a part of its gelatinous, physical structure quiver. The ice explosion, you see go off, and just get absorbed into the gelatinous form. Seemingly unaffected by the additional damage. That's your first shot. You get two shots, don't you? This tunnel looks pretty, at this point, pretty cleanly carved out. Over there? I mean, there's parts of the rock, but the explosion was more damaging to things that were fragile-- -- the stonework is pretty solid. Okay, go for it. Yep! Damage. Okay. Gotcha. Both shots into it. You see its form kind of quiver at the impact, but it's still slowly slithering forward. Now comes to Keyleth! Just barely. Like, he's just in the cusp of 30 feet from you. You can certainly try! Okay! What's the Thorn Whip do? What's the Thorn Whip do? Read the spell for me. What type of damage is it? Okay. Gotcha. All right. So, you hit, go ahead and roll damage. You rolled a 20, right? Oh, you didn't roll yet. Sorry. Okay, go ahead and roll to hit. Yep. Yeah, you hit. So, go ahead and roll damage. That still hits! It doesn't move very fast, it's a little easy to hit. All right, takes its damage. Gets pushed just ever so slightly into the hole. As it does, you can see this blackish steam and smoke begin to billow up from where it hits, and it (growls). -- begins to quiver as you're kind of yanking it back with the Thorn Whip. (growls) (all laugh) -- from the impact of the lava. That's an additional 17 points of fire damage to it. You do. Is it considered grappled? Then that would be the end of the attack. The spell dissipates after that. You've gotta do it again the next turn. All right. That ends your turn, Pike, you're up! Okay. Yes. So, you do it at range, and it creates a 20-foot radius that does this. Cool! So there's that, yeah. Do you wanna move-- Where do you wanna go, girl? You're right over here. It's your gold base. Okay. One, two, three, four. That's about as close as you can get there, yeah. Yeah, you can cast it. Where do you want to put the radius? These are all five-foot squares. Yeah. Yeah, you can get these both from there. Okay, all right, so-- So you go ahead and roll the damage. You're casting this as a fifth-level spell? It's up to you. It's up to you, Pike. You do what you gotta do. Okay. It gets to make a saving throw to see if it gets half damage. What's-- Okay, what's the DC? What's your spell DC at the top of your spell sheet? DC should be-- 16, okay, one makes its save, the other doesn't. So what's the total damage? Okay, so one takes 25, one takes 13. Piercing damage. Got it. And, just, insects appear in the area, doing that much damage. Does that stay? Or does that go away at the end of your turn? What's the duration? So you can keep it there if you want to. It just does damage every turn to everything in that radius. Okay. That ends your turn. Grog, you're up. All right. One, two, three, four. Five, six, seven, eight. That's as far as you can get, currently. Because of the rough terrain, and you have to jump over the bodies to get there. Nice one. Boom, boom, boom. So you just go charging up overtop the ogre bodies, leaping, coming down with the-- hammer, you said? Okay. Go for it. So go ahead and roll for attack. You have three attacks with this, at-- Are you frenzying or regular rage? Okay, so you get two attacks. 19 hits. 12 also hits. (all cheer) And damage, are you using it two-handed? 1d10 damage. Plus whatever the fire damage is on the weapon. What did you roll? Yeah. So, three plus your proficiency modifier, which is four. No, this is for damage, so the damage would be plus your strength modifier. Yeah, so four still. So seven. Plus two for rage. Yeah, so whatever the bonus is to your greataxe-- What's that? So then ten points of damage, then roll the fire damage as well. It should say on the actual magical item. So 1d6 additional fire damage. All right, so 15 points of damage total from the first strike. Go ahead and roll damage from the second one. So 14, plus an additional 1d6. All right, cool. All right, so as you come running over, leaping in the air, over the ogre bodies, you then slam the hammer once in the side, the fire catching on the metal, on the black iron as it streaks through the air, lighting up the cavern around you. You guys see this, like, red arc, as Grog comes slamming down into the ooze. First one, it hits, boom, smacks, the flames ignite, and the impact, you see it kind of freaks out and quivers backwards, screeching sound. As it does, there's a splash of the black ichor that hits your shoulders-- -- and you feel it burn and bite into your torso. You take ten points of acid damage. You reach back, not even thinking in the frenzy in your brain, you feel like, just seeing blood and red in your eyes, as you slam down your second strike. You feel the second impact. Once again, you feel the spray of black across your body. You take an additional ten points of acid damage. That ends Grog's turn. On this turn, this one pulls out of the lava-- Takes an additional 2d10 from being in at the start of its turn. An additional eight damage, and moves up, both of them flank over to Grog. Both of them attempting to strike you from each side. As you're flanked, that is a 20 versus armor class. And a 21 versus armor class. All right, both of the creatures, they (oozing sound) up next to you. These pseudopods kind of come billowing out, slamming into you with the force of an extremely thick, heavy battering ram. Both hit you for-- let's see, here-- One hits you for 12 points of damage-- The other hits you for 14 points of damage. Remember, you're raging, so that's halved. Yeah. However, both impacts slamming into your body, the leftover sludge begins to eat away and corrode the flesh upon impact. You take from both sides-- non-halved, because it is not slashing, bludgeoning, or piercing damage-- you take a total of 56 points of acid damage. From both slams. No, from both sides. 28 from each. Clarota moves from here, up to here. Hey, it did damage, didn't it? It certainly did something Clarota is going to move forward and is going to attempt a-- It's kind of close-- He is going to attempt a Lightning Bolt against this guy here. Clarota did not see. Way back here. I would recommend not arguing with the DM. Clarota, as it released the bolt of energy, it streaks past, through the air. It arcs into the side of the entity, which then absorbs it. Clarota's eyes go wide for a second. Nervous, it looks at its hands, and puts them back underneath its robe. As it does-- The entity divides once again. Into two more-- That ends its turn. At this point in time, now the loud ruckus has been glaring through this tunnel-- You hear (clicking sound). A pair of clacking sounds. And you, as soon as you look up at the ceiling and you see two large creatures clinging to the ceiling, scurrying across with these strange hooked hands, before both immediately leap down from the ceiling. These two large, armored, beak-faced subterranean creatures with shells on their backs and giant hooked arms leap down from the ceiling. One is going to attempt to strike with both of its hook attacks at Pike. This is one is moving over Tiberius. So, against Pike, that is 21. And 13. All right, you take 11 points of piercing damage. Wherever she is. And the other one misses, clanging against the armor. The hook scrapes across metal, leaving this extremely loud sound. The other one goes twice against Tiberius. That is a 16. And a nine. Both miss. Barely getting out of the way. This giant, large, armored creature. Right there, take a look-- All right, that ends that, so top of the round. Tiberius, you're up. All right. Pretty heavy. Say probably close to 500-600 pounds. It's about right there. It's about 35 feet. He makes a saving throw. That fails entirely. So the creature in front of you lifts up in the air, and starts flailing about with its hooks, trying to find some purchase in the ceiling. You toss it over, and it lands squarely into the pool of lava in the center of the tunnel. You hear screeching in pain as it begins trying to find his way out. Okay. As it's fully submerged, all right, that is 45 points of fire damage on it immediately as it's slowly sinking into the pool of lava. Tiberius just Telekinesis-ed him up in the air, and threw it into the lava pool. The other one there? Okay. Go ahead and roll-- Add your-- Yeah. 15? Right now, because of the level of darkness in the room, and because of its distance from you-- You just managed to fire, just out of the range of the creature. It hits the wall behind him, leaving the slick of ice across the stone wall behind it, but unfortunately not the actual creature. Okay! There is now an ice spike jutting out of the wall right there. All right, that ends your turn, unless you want to move. Still got your move action. This way. Now it would be the ogres, but they're all dead. (all cheer) Sees Pike in great danger. Sings a quick little ditty to go ahead and give an inspiration dice to Pike. So you get a d8. To help you with any sort of attack rolls, any saving throws, ability checks. Just attack rolls, saving throws, and checks. Scanlan is going to attempt to dominate the monster using his Dominate Creature spell. Saving throw. It does not make it. The creature that was harrowing Pike suddenly drops its claws for a second, turns away from you, and starts looking back towards the oozes and Grog. That brings us to Vex. You're up. The big one over here? You do. It's dark, and you have no light source currently, so you can try a shot, but it's going to be at disadvantage. It gives a very dull glow to the room. It's enough where you can see there is something there. You can even take a shot as opposed to not having any chance. Same possibility because you're currently blocked by this creature that's currently sinking into the lava. Okay. No, he's ten feet from it. Okay. So you have two attacks. 13 misses, unfortunately. That hits. So the first one, you fire towards it, except the arrow just (whoosh) into the lava and (puff). With a slight puff of smoke. On the second one? If you'd like to. All right, so you moved the Hunter's Mark over, he is now your quarry. Go ahead and roll the additional fire damage and your quarry damage. 22 damage, all righty. The one arrow disappears. The second one, as you release it from the bowstring, you feel the slight tingle of the arcane energy released into the arrow. The arrow bursts into flame as it releases from your bow, streaking and piercing the front of its hide as it's trying to claw its way out. Both of its claws are at the edges of the lava, and it's pulling itself, screeching, its mouth and eyes wild with the severe pain it's feeling as it's slowly melting him from the bottom. The arrow (impact sound) into its shoulder and burst into flame. It's now freaking out. It looks like it's having a really, really rough time making its way out. Do you want to move, or you going to stay where you are? That's you there. All right, so right there? All right, there? All right. That ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Acrobatics check. You jump, impact, and barely land next to them. It does get one swipe of attack of opportunity on you as you pass by. That is going to be a 20. So, as you leap off of it, its hook swipes up towards you. You go ahead and take 14 points of piercing damage. All right. I will eat this later. Okay. All righty. All right, that hits. What is the piercing damage from the dagger? Daggers are piercing, so yeah. Thank you kindly. Mysterious appearance of paper towels. Right. Well, it's a Sneak Attack, because it is flanking. Okay, got you. Cool. All right, so second dagger. Go ahead and-- That hits, go ahead and roll damage. No, you'll do only one Sneak Attack per round. Eight, gotcha. So as you rush, you leap off, take the scratch in the air from the hook horror creature. You land on the ground, slash one with your dagger, slash the other. Both slashes are almost simultaneous. As you hit, you feel your blades gain purchase in both creatures, and you look down at your arms as the horrible burning sensation filters onto your hands as the splash-back. You take a total of 20 points of acid damage from the melee attacks you took against the creatures. 20 total, yes. All right. That brings us to Percy. Percy, what you got? Okay, so right there? Okay. This one here? Okay. Hits. 26, nice. All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Yeah. Gotta eat sometime, guys. All right. There? All right. So you're coming out of eagle form? Okay, okay. All right! So what is the radius effect on that? 15-foot cube, okay. So like this cube here? All right, cool. So, they both get saving throws. You can do that. Okay, neither makes their saving throw. So go ahead and roll damage, or whatever it does. 2d8 to each. What is the damage type on that? Okay. So I'll go ahead and say it's thunder damage. All right, so they're pushed how long? Ten feet? Yeah. So they're pushed right there. Got it. Unfortunately, it's not far enough. Is that your turn? All right. Pike! You can, yes. All right. It's what you do as a healer, yo. 4d8. Plus five. Nice. Sorry. No, bonus action to do the item, move, action to cast the spell. So that's your turn. Well done. All right, that brings us to Grog. All right. So it's level two exhaustion. Okay. Okay. All right, so you pick up Pike. Level two exhaustion, your speed is halved. So you can only move 20 feet. You grab her, you turn-- -- run that way? Right there? Okay, so, that's as far as you can get, unfortunately-- -- 'cause you're double-fatigued. As you run past, both of those slimes-- -- flash out with pseudopods, as reactions. So, two attacks against you. That's a 22. And a 19. All right, so both slam you for 24 points of bludgeoning damage. You're not raged, so it's not halved. So 24 against you, with an additional 56 points of acid damage. They haven't hit him yet. That was just Grog running away. Both of them getting attacks of opportunity on him, and both hitting. Grog falls face-first, right next-- right, like, literally cradling-- His unconscious body is cradling the two dead ogres right now. This slight sound of 'sss' as the acid is, like, sizzling and scarring his flesh. That brings us to their turn. These three oozes turn. Actually, this one's going to move here-- -- towards Pike. You get an attack of opportunity on it, if you like-- -- as it slips away. Yeah, you still have roll to hit it. Hits. 11? Points of damage? Yeah. All right, cool. So, the one that's attacking you, Pike, that is a-- -- 23, versus armor class. All right. You take 12 points of bludgeoning damage from the impact of the pseudopod, with an additional 28 points of acid damage. Yeah, so a total of 40 points of damage from the strike. The other two are going to attack you. That's going to be a 19 versus armor class. It hits. Yeah. Okay. The other one is a 14, so that misses. All right. So. As you pull that away, you-- You take half-damage from the strike? All right, so that's-- this was a 40. Take 20 points of damage, total, from the bludgeoning and the acid. All right. That ends their turn. Clarota-- -- is going to step forward to there. Clarota reaches forward, uses his own-- Taking a note from Tiberius, uses his Telekinesis spell. The arcanist marks on its body flare up, and as it does you can see this large creature-- -- gets lifted up, and slams on top of this hook horror-- -- pushing it further into the lava and doing additional acid damage to the hook horror, which-- -- which completely dissolves and melts the hook horror. (all cheer) As it pushes down, the ooze just touches the edge of the lava, not taking full damage from the impact, but just enough from the portion of it. LIAM (Jimmy Stewart voice) Clarence! Clarence! -- creature in the lava. Both hit. It's prone. That deals six plus 14. Eight. All right. The hook horror that Scanlan's controlling slams its hooks down into the ooze, causing the ooze to get pushed further into the lava. As you see its form begin to dissipate and slowly disintegrate into the pool of lava. Leaving this dark, cooled kind of surface element to it. Slowly breaking apart, dissipating over the magma. End of its turn, it's going to try and make a saving throw against the domination effect. Rolls a natural 20. Breaks the effect, however I feel like it did its good for the turn. Yeah, he did. He took 20 points of acid damage from each strike. All right, that brings us to the top of the turn. Tiberius, you're up. Over here? Mm-hm. So you're going to glacial spike in the-- Kancho him. Magically kancho. Arcane cheat code. All right. So go ahead and roll to attack. That definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 20 damage? All right, and he's grappled, correct? Push him? Shove? All right. All right. So he does make his saving throw. Unfortunately, so it doesn't push him into the lava, but it does slam him and does a shit-ton of damage to him, so. Looking rough. Just a little bit. How many points do you have now? Okay. Right. Right. All right, go ahead and roll for that. Uh-huh. Makes his saving throw again, unfortunately. It does not push him. Does additional points of damage. He's looking really rough. You can see now, this ice has encrusted around the outside of its armor. And where the wounds from the impact are, there's cracking shards of ice crystal jutting outward. From his asshole. Scanlan's turn. Should have had your sheet, Scanlan. Scanlan's going to go ahead and, for the hell of it, run up and make an attack. (all laugh) Why not? Pulling out, his singing sword arches in the air, and begins humming to it as he walks upon-- The humming kind of adds this vibration element, like a tuning fork blade, as he arcs the sword down. The blade swings down to where the ice has encrusted the back of its armored shell. Scanlan takes the blade, swings it down, and pierces it directly into where that ice has gathered. As it does, it cracks open the back of its armored shell. Almost peeling it open like a shrimp. You can now see all its fleshy innards are exposed to the outside. It's looking extremely, extremely close to death. It's screaming in pain, kind of thrashing about now. Vex, you're up. This guy? All right. All right. Go ahead and roll for attack. Very nice, very nice, that hits You do, yeah. Mm-hm. All right. With a sickening (splat) sound, the ooze splatters across the floor. Leaving a small, sizzling pool that's scarring the rock below it. You can see it slowly depressing into the ground. You gonna stay where you are? All right. That brings us to Vax. Both daggers? That hits. Nine hits. Hits. None of them are Sneak Attack, unfortunately. Nine and an eight, gotcha. Both daggers splash into it. You can see where they would slowly be scarred and damaged. As they return to your belt, you can feel there a slight bit of liquid left, and you shake it off quickly. But no other effect that that. It looks like it's having a hard time keeping its form together. It's kind of shaking and (oozing sound) as it moves. Still running towards Pike. That brings us to Percy. Mm-hm. All righty. Is this against the ooze? All right. Yep. The first shot hits, and the ooze kind of quivers. It leaves this kind of gaping hole, and it begins to slowly reform itself. Before it can, you see the other weak spot where the top of its physical form is barely wavering, and it's able to keep corporeal. You aim the second shot, and as you fire, it detonates and that portion of its upper torso-- whatever it would be-- gets flung off and splats against the wall, the rest of it slowly liquefying as the rest of the slime is destroyed. Okay. Keyleth. Vax, you mean? Yeah, you do. All right, go ahead and roll for attack. That hits, definitely, go ahead and roll damage. Okay. How do you want to do this? (all cheer) And (dragging sound). As you do it, it plummets face-first into the-- -- both into the magma and the slightly still-sizzling form left over from the ooze that had melted there. As you do, it slams down. You hear it scream underneath as its body begins to quiver. The Wind Burst hits, and the cool air rushes through the tunnel. All of your guys' hair and everything gets blown back for a second. You have to cover your eyes, and as you look back-- (all laugh) As Tiberius hits Light, in the tunnel you can see the-- -- hook horror, which, a portion of its upper torso is now encrusted into the actual cavern floor. All right. I ate pizza in front of you guys. I don't care. It was tasty. Thank you. Delicious pizza. As Grog, you come to consciousness again-- Yeah, if you'd like! All right. So, as you guys steel yourselves for a moment, kind of recovering from that fateful encounter, you-- To everyone. Everyone heals 22 points of damage. All right. (all laugh) You guys push forward down the tunnel-- For another 20 or so minutes, bringing yourself along, sore from the impact of the battle. Bits of your armor scarred. By the way, your armor-- -- what type of armor was it? All right. For the acidic nature of this-- Look at that! You wipe it off. Thankfully, the magic enchantment protects the armor entirely. Grog, what armor do you have? Just regular hide. Currently, as you're walking, you look down and notice that the armor on your torso has near-completely dissolved. As it stands, you have no additional armor class bonus for any armor. Your hide armor is gone. It is completely dissolved. All right. So you take a moment, and hand him new armor, and Grog, this scarred, nearly naked goliath form, has been lumbering through this hallway-- Hoo! Modesty, Grog! (all laugh) So mark that for your AC. Okay. Okay, here's the circumstance for you, real fast, before we get to that. So, Grog. The armor you had on was hide, which was a dex bonus of 12 plus your dex. Studded leather is also the same, so your AC actually goes up. So, what was your AC previously? 18? It should now be 20. Just the two of you? All right, well, go ahead and roll an investigation check. Okay. Looking at the cart, the cart is a rickety wooden thing, but what was in the cart was a large glass unit, a containment unit that was sealed off. You can see the inside of it has slight scarring to the glass, but it seems to be resistant to whatever the loose creature was contained in it. Along the inside of the cart, you notice there are a couple of just left over chunks of flesh of different colors, patches or pieces you see, like part of a hand that's just in there. Partially decomposed, to a certain extent. It looks like these were either used to feed whatever the creature was in there or remnants of some other strange collection. Based on the best you guys can ascertain, this creature was part of the experimentation-type process that the weird naga creature you fought earlier came from. Ogres are wearing nasty, nasty, tattered at this point, hide armor They both carry total, amongst the two of them, about 24 pieces of gold. If you'd like to, yeah. So mark that in your inventory, you have some hand-sized shards of broken glass. Anything else you guys wish to do in this section? And now it has cooled, yeah. Okay. Go ahead and do that. As many as you'd like. Take a moment, you can spend any hit dice now that you need to to heal yourself. Just make sure to mark how many you've used. All right. As you guys take a moment to heal yourselves, you pull yourselves back up to your feet, and you tread further down this tunnel. Another 25-30 minutes of the slight curvature, and it gets steeper and steeper, until eventually it opens up into a familiar cavern to some of you. You see a large waterfall pouring down from above-- You are on the outskirts of where the next tunnel opens up, where there are a few small streams of lava pouring from the ceiling. You look above, and you can see the top of the downward cavern. There's the giant lake beneath. And across the way, you can see the waterfall where Clarota was originally discovered. Yes. Yeah so-- and I'll have more of this for you guys next week. The path you guys took was essentially-- lead to this back area, which I'll draw for next week, and a tunnel that curved all the way around and exited right there. Other than the fact you've completely destroyed one of the mind flayer generals as well as the one helming the war camp above. You've acquired new magical items and defeated one of the abominations that was created for the siege war. I think you accomplished quite a few things, though maybe not as directly as you were hoping. All right, so you, taking the flying carpet, it's a very precarious journey as the weight limit for the carpet-- You can go ahead and cast Fly on your bear. Trinket awkwardly (bear noises) manages to swim her way down to the bottom floor. As you make your way to the base of the watery lake, at the bottom, you can see a swish to the water, and a very familiar sight briefly shows itself in the distance. As you see a slick domed fish-like head protrude with a few tentacles in the distance, you all instinctively step quite a distance away, and it seems to withdraw back into the water. Nothing bestial of it. This is not a natural creature. Clarota once again whispers to the rest of you, "Stay at bay. The Aboleth is dangerous." You all step back and turn now into the the tunnel that extends further into the heart of this mountain. You see streams of lava pouring from the top occasionally, and one central flow of molten rock tends to fill half of the cavern, like a small river heading down into the base of the mountain. This is very familiar to you, as it's the path that your dream took you. As you guys begin to step into the next lengths of your subterranean journey, we'll pick that up next week. Thank you all so much for tuning into Critical Role. Some tense battles. An intense encounter choice on you guys' part. Well done on that. What is this? Congrats, Amy. (all cheer) Awesome, we'll all do that. Thank you, Amy, that's awesome. 19 away from our next package? Aw. Boom. That's apparently the path this is taking, so-- Yeah, second week in a row. So the chat room creature choice, those will be an occasional thing, not a weekly thing, 'cause it's too difficult to keep up with that and a little too random. Plus that's just too many creatures to be prepared for. But every few weeks or so, I'm gonna throw one out there for you guys. So come and watch. Hopefully you'll be there for one of those episodes. Put your friends together, vote for the creature you want to see them fight, and if a TPK happens, not my fault, it's totally on you guys. Total party kill. Dancing is fun to watch, Bloodborne just to watch him get really, really angry. This game, the beginning of this game will make you angry. All right, all right. Demon Souls mimics, man, I know the pain you're in for. Oh yeah, I know what you're talking about. Who would want to stick around for that? We can stay for a little bit. Oh, I live for Bloodborne, man.