Instead of using the table, though, you use Grog's knee. You just run, jump onto his knee with one foot, leap off, blade in the air, go for the strike. Attack bonus for your weapon. Yeah, so? As you rush in the air, you hesitate for a moment, remembering the Pike thing, and you see this burning arcane rage in the face of this entity. At that moment, that hesitation was all it needed. It takes the shield and almost knocks the weapon out of your hand. You catch yourself, land on your feet-- yeah, your fingers sting a little bit. (laughs) Worth a shot. All right, in retribution, it's going to strike at you twice. That's a 15? 21. That is seven points of slashing damage. All right. Keyleth, you're up. Roll for it. Heavy armor on these guys. All right. Vex, you're up. I'll say yeah, you can see him all right. You can move over there and get a better view a little bit. Just around this corner, off the table. Hunter's Mark him? Okay, go for it. 19? The arrow hits the armor and shatters across the side. 24 does hit. Because of the shield and the armor. 18 points of damage? With that, the second arrow strikes into the center of its chest armor. It hits some sort of core where its arcane form is held and the reddish energy blinks out, and the armor just (impact noise) crumples to the ground. Go ahead and make a medicine check, yeah. All right, make a perception check for Trinket. Yeah, it's his wisdom bonus. 26, okay. 25, okay. Trinket is giving chase best it can. Okay, so Trinket is keeping track, but is having a hard time fully keeping up at this point unless you're giving full attention towards him at this point in time, but is keeping a track. He is rushing as fast as he can down the stairs and is currently out of your sphere of personal influence at the moment. Okay, checking Cassandra, there is no sign of a wound now. She seems to be not in any danger. So, she's on the ground, dazed. It is a lot of gore. Okay. You guys are currently out of combat. (laughs) And on that note, we're going to go ahead and take a quick little break! (laughs) All right, quick break! All right, awesome. Quick break, guys! See you guys back here in a few minutes. Hell yeah. All right. So. With the chaos that has ensued through the battle in Anders's study in the castle of Whitestone, the party looks about, Cassandra de Rolo recovered, and pulled from seemingly the brink of death. Vax pulled seemingly from the brink of death, and Percy managing to squeak in a second killshot on a member of his list. As the rest period kicks in, Vax stepped across the room, holding his wound to his side, admitting his affection for Keyleth, and reaching out and kissing her. No. So, as he breaks from the momentary, unexpected embrace, you catch yourself off guard. Burn all the spell slots. Go ahead and roll. All right. What are you doing? Okay. Collect the arrows, Vex has stepped out of the room to pursue after Trinket, Trinket is currently pursuing Ripley. Grog, you watched that happen. Okay, have you guys bolted out? Okay. As you're saying this, you turn around, you can see she's sat up and she sees this conversation and goes, "Percy?" "Percy!" And she gets up off the ground and runs up and just grabs you and embraces you tightly. You can feel all the muscles tense in her body as she just holds you with a slight shake to her body. "I thought you were dead." She pulls away for a second and just looks at you, and there's a coldness to her face. She's happy, but even for her young age, you can see there's lines at the corners of her eyes. She's probably been through a lot. She smiles and looks up at you again and you can see there's the white shocks in her hair, and she looks up and touches your hair and goes, "I see "we've both survived quite a bit." She laughs to herself, and you see another tear curl at her eye, and then her face goes cold for a second and she, not breaking this gaze, steps back. "You shouldn't be here. They were "using me to get to you. I'm so sorry." She reaches up and holds her neck. "I'm good. I'm good." And she steels herself for a second, and even more so, you see there's an intensity to her. To...? Okay, go for it. No, because you were concentrating. Yeah, and that's wisdom, not a saving throw. 11. Okay. Best you can tell, she seems very honest. She seems forthright. You're used to the memory of your sister being this bright-eyed, cheerful, youngest of the bunch, and definitely a woman who sees the world with fresh eyes. These eyes are different. They're colder. They're hardened. In ways, you're impressed; in ways, you're also immediately sad to see that that memory of your sister probably is no longer there. "You say this. We've tried twice." "That's what the others thought. You left me, you know." "Good. Well, if we're going to do this, let's get ready." "Yes, I am." "No. No, I'm not. I'm going to my room to get my things. To get my mother's armor." "You've been fighting them for what, a few days? I've been fighting them for nearly three "years. You have no power over me, brother. And if our goals are aligned to free this city, let's do "it together. But I don't have to listen to you." She walks out of the room. You guys, charging off. Trinket's keeping trail. She's run down the stairway, he is beginning to slowly gain on her. She reaches the front doors, does remember the caltrops. Jumps over them, grabs the door, opens it, and rushes out into the daylight. Go ahead and roll a perception check for Trinket. Yeah, Trinket just jumps over. The door's only slightly open so Trinket has to stop and wedge his way through. It's the same speed as if he dashed. It would be the same speed. However, it takes a moment to get through. You guys now get down the stairs. As Trinket opens the door and wedges through, there's a scent out there, but she's nowhere in visible range. She's either darted off the path or possibly off the actual sides, and you can see now the struggle that's happened. You can now hear in the distance the sound of yells and fighting and there doesn't appear to be any one side or the other pushing. Okay, as you get to the landing you whistle out, and Trinket is just now pushing through the door and gets out for a bit, looking back and forth. Looks over the shoulder, and runs back to you. It appears that Ripley has scattered into Whitestone somewhere. Okay. Are you waiting in the study? Okay, she goes off to her room. You're there for a few minutes. Okay. Make an investigation check. He's crumpled up against the desk in the corner, there's all these papers that got pushed off the side, there were a bunch of random scrawlings. 24? Okay. You search his body. You find 120 gold pieces on him. Not a whole lot. He doesn't keep his important shit on him, for the most part. You do find, however, the boots that he's wearing are very finely crafted, and unlike the rest of his wear, have a hand-stitching in it that is exemplary in construction and doesn't match with the rest of his ensemble. So it seems like something you'd wear more for function than for actual style. Pardon. You take them. Okay. Okay, if you're taking a short rest, you can take the short rest to inspect the boots, get the feel for them, they are indeed enchanted. They are a pair of Boots of Levitation. Once per day, you can trigger the levitation for up to ten minutes as per the spell. You can't actually move as part of it, you just levitate in the air, and you have to push off to get space. Zero-G. They fit anyone who wishes to put them on. Magical items alter themselves. Anything else you want to do while you're waiting? Yeah, go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay, good. As you're looking through and finding papers, papers and ledgers and tough discussions of old classes, untouched on the side, you go through one of the bottom drawers, and there's a lock to it. Make a perception check. It does appear to be trapped. Thieves' tools, as well. So same check you did. As part of that, you notice that this mechanism is when it opens, if there isn't a switch underneath it held that's hidden, it will cause a poison dart to launch out in the direction of whoever's in front of it. You hold the button, you find it, you open it up without an issue, and you find the spring mechanism, snap it, and remove the little poison-tipped bolt, and chuck it to the side. Okay. You have a poison-tipped bolt. For a tiny little hand-crossbow is essentially what it is. Yeah. Natural 20? Oh, okay. Easy enough to unlock at this point, you get it open, you pull it open, there's a collection of letters. You glance through and inspect them, and you take the next ten minutes or so to get the gist of these letters while Cassandra's away. Many of them talk about a slew of things that are disconcerting to you as the information hits you, and you relay this information to the group. Notes on the removal of key magical defenses during the political meeting at Emon. The discussion, as in making sure that certain individuals and safeguards that are usually made during political meetings like that were not present during that endeavor. Notes on best construction methods using the mined whitestone and repairs for the manse in the ziggurat. MARISHA and A manse is a place or a home; it has many different meanings. They're warning Anders, and there are multiple letters at different periods of time over the past few years that are warning Anders of an arrival of Seeker Asum's spies. There are letters talking about plotting, diverting political attention away from Whitestone to leave it a political enigma during this period of time. There are letters talking about planting information within Wildmount that would lead their investigation team to believe the Briarwoods had been found dead. And occasionally there are mentions in a lot of these letters that speak of, "The Undying King "shall return, we are his blood." The Undying King shall return. We are his blood. The letters aren't signed. They are all of the same handwriting. In the cluster, there is one completely unrelated letter that talks about business ledgers and construction of the bridge. It appears to be a simple discussion on the future plans to construct the bridge. It is in the same handwriting. It is signed a Lord Riskel Daxio. Riskel Daxio. LAURA and Yep. He's on the Council of Tal'Dorei. He's technically also the one that helped designate the construction of your keep and plotted the construction stuff-- Yes, you did. 30 days. Glancing within the kitchen, there doesn't appear to be much that catches your attention. Like you do. There was already a fire in the fireplace, but you just stoke it a little further, and pretty soon the delicious scent of burning human flesh fills the room. At the time. At least, there's nothing on fire, there's no screams, there's no movement. It just seems like the cold kitchen is untouched. As you have this conversation, a voice from the doorway rings out. "I can take you." You look over, and it's Cassandra. She's currently now dressed in armor you've seen as ornamental before. It was armor that your mother trained in when she was young, but was unused for a long time. It seems to be serviceable; it's been updated and such. She slides a shortsword into a sheath at her side, and her hair is pulled back and tied off, and she looks at the rest of the room. "So are we ready?" She steps up and lifts her chin up towards you. No. It seems fine. There's no signs of any puncture wounds. Rolling? Okay. She seems as determined as the rest of you. She turns around and she begins walking back down the hallway. "That I'm aware of, no, but I'm certain that there may be. They know you're coming, it seems. "So be wary. Be careful. I'll take you to the undercroft." You did. He could use it, he just wouldn't be able to add his proficiency bonus to the attack rolls. Okay. You take it. You inspect it as you guys are walking along. It seems pretty functional. It's well-constructed, it's sleek. Your Pepperbox has a bit of flair to its design, this is your background. Hers is just streamlined, simple, much like the decor of her room when you saw it. She doesn't mess with anything fancy or unnecessary. The ammunition she does have are made specific to size to her pistol. They will not function for the Pepperbox, unfortunately. They will only work for the pistol. It does act as a pistol for rules-wise, which is on your sheet here, so yes, you would have that. All right. Go ahead and roll dexterity, roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier. I don't know. Add zero. What did you roll? Okay. You manage to get it in there. Thankfully it's not loaded, because you feel the trigger go off. But there wasn't a bullet loaded, so it's like (click). Okay. Sleight-of-hand check. Athletics check. Yeah. Add your athletics to your roll. As you go to be, "No, what are you--" It's already gone. You don't even know where it went, you didn't see him take it, you just all of a sudden see it in his hand as he walks past you. "Yes." "He wanted me to shout for help. He wanted me to draw you in." Yeah. 24. She's telling the truth. "Well, after the arrows felled me-- I guess I should start at the beginning." And she's walking along with you guys as she's leading you down the stairs and down to the bottom floor. She doesn't look to you. She's still looking ahead, very intent. "After the arrows felled me, I recovered. Father Reynal found me. Brought me from the brink "at the temple of Pelor outside of town. Things hadn't fallen quite that far back then. We had "more people in the city. At the time, the Briarwood rule was fresh and folks were eager to "speak out against what they had wrought on this city, the fall of the de Rolos. "We still thought they had fallen to plague, but through some unfortunate political business, they "had come to power, but we began to question it. I knew better. I told the truth once I'd recovered. "We began to build our first rebellion. Two years we built up the resistance before we made our "first move. They seemed to know exactly what we were plotting. Cut us off at every angle. "Couldn't see who it was who was giving up our information, but I knew it was close. But before I "had the opportunity, I was helming a group that was traveling to utilize the escape route that I "took you through when they first attacked. It was just after dusk, and Lord Briarwood was there "waiting for us in the forest. He slaughtered most of the men, but he recognized my face from the "dinner we had the night they took the castle. "They did not harm me, strangely. They treated me like a guest against my will, in my own house. I "seemed to ascertain that by keeping me there, having a member of the house within their grasp, "they could use that as leverage. I don't know. "Sylas, he had his charms, and there were many that worked beneath them against their own will. "It did not work on me. My hatred was too strong. So instead, they tried to provide me with wealth. "Power, here in Whitestone. I just took to reading and ignoring it all. I don't know why they kept me "around, but I wasn't going to question it if it gave me a chance to possibly undermine them." She grabs the side of her sword as you guys have now reached now down the long hallway towards the back of the castle. You know the direction she's taking you. It leads to the cellar, to the undercroft and the de Rolo mausoleum. "Three years of reading in that library. Father's library. Strategy. Tactics. Old lines of "information, as well as the myths and history of Whitestone. I found allies within the castle. I "contacted Yennen, and through him, Archibald, who helped me build the first rebellion. "Archibald still lives, Percy. He's been completely necessary for what we've built here." She looks down at her armor as you guys reach the edge of the cellar, and she pulls the door open quietly. There's wooden stairs that lead down into the cellar. She taps her armor. "This was "Mother's. It's good to know I'm not the only tomboy in the bloodline." Brushes the hair out of her face, and for the first time really looks at you with a smile since she first saw you. "I completely understand." The only thing you really have seen work is the Greater Restoration spell you cast on Seeker Asum when you guys were with the Council of Tal'Dorei. That did seem to remove any sort of charm effects, if that's what you're asking. "What can I do to make you trust me?" She smiles a little. "Whatever you need." Does anyone have any creative means with which they would want to check? In theory. "If that's what it takes." She takes it from your hand and inspects it for a second. "Shoddy "craftsmanship." Places it on her head, and it's a little big at first, then it conforms to her head. She sits down a couple of steps deeper into the cellar. Curls around a corner; ushers you all over into the shadows. From this location? No. All the windows that would be here would face out into the north side of Whitestone, which is forested. You guys are on the north side of the castle now. The city is south from you. So you take a moment and sit. While you guys are waiting, she takes a moment. She's adjusting it and feeling it and inspecting her hands. (sighs) "I don't feel any different. "While we wait--" She gives a wry grin. "Whatever you choose." Your resistance doesn't make you attuned to it. Unfortunately, it's just a natural ability that's inherent. Her being human, there's not a way to really correlate with that. I mean, you've read over her a few times, doing insight checks. She puts her hand out. Her leather glove's pulled over it now. You've never seen her militant before, and it's a really interesting visual to you. She drinks the potion. Whole thing down. (coughs) She gives a wry grin and wipes her mouth. "I thought I recognized that terrible earthy taste." She tosses the crystal decanter to you. "Huh. You always were the clever one." "Do you need this thing?" She hands it back to you. There's a fascination she has with her armor. "I've not been able to wear this before. It "feels good to have something close to Mother." "Simon repaired it for me when he was working here. I haven't seen him in a while. I'm "worried." She leads you down through the cellar-- You can ask her anything you'd like. She goes, "I have no confirmation of it, but they spend most of their time down here. They're "preparing for something." "I'm not allowed down here, by their orders, but I've snuck down a few times out of curiosity. "I've only gotten so far before I had to return, but I've made it through the undercroft, through "most of the tunnels, and I've gotten to the distillery, and that's about as far as I've "gotten. But I've followed them down here, and they usually come with a group of guards, "four or five strong." "It's definitely a possibility, so move quietly. Be careful." "What is Lady Briarwood? She's a wicked beast of a creature, is what she is. I'd use less "savory words, but my brother's here." As she leads you guys down the stairs towards the undercroft, she goes, "She's not like "her husband. That I know. As far as I can tell, she's human, but she has a very powerful control "over life and death. She's a practitioner of the arcane, definitely, but her focus seems to be "necromancy on a wide scale. And while Delilah and Sylas are man and wife, they speak of another." "It's as if a third party completes their union." "They don't say any names. They refer to him as 'him' or 'The Whispered One.' No reference "beyond that." "Vedmeyer, yes." "I've only seen him in the castle maybe three times since we've been here." Cassandra looks over her shoulder at this. "It's a shame you're not as tall as your tales, "small one." Undercroft she was referring to, yes. With a flicker of Scanlan's arcane mastery, all of you form into a small battalion of Percys and Cassandras. He would have to be, yeah, because he still stays similar to his actual size, so if Percy was a little thicker and a little taller-- Yep. Cassandra looks around very confused for a second. "Curious, yes." "So I'm beginning to see. Well, then." She pulls her shortsword out. "Shall we?" "As are we all." Everyone roll stealth checks. Okay. Plus ten. 30, plus whatever your bonus is. I thought you rolled a natural 20? Oh, you? 39? Your sister just out-stealthed you. You all (whoosh) vanish. Solid point. She's very uncomfortable right now, by the way. Continuing down, a long set of whitestone-constructed stairs descend for about 45 feet before they level off into the de Rolo mausoleum. A long hallway continues forward that contains two ten-by-ten stone structures that contain the entombed bodies of previous generations of de Rolos, with six passages-- three on each side-- that split off of this main hallway that contain their own stone-encapsulated corpses. This is a place of silent prayer and showing appreciation for the previous families. Not all of them are full, and there were extensions planned as the family grew, but the first thing you notice is all of the tomb doors are open. Is anyone holding a torch light source, going through this? Have you been carrying it with you throughout this? Okay. Okay, so you have enough light sources to keep a general idea of what's going on, and I know a lot of you guys have darkvision, too, so you have a pretty decent range. What's the marching order here, guys? Just so I know, continuing down this path. Towards the front? Is Trinket staying with you or staying in back? Grog's second. Keyleth is, you said, in the middle? All right, the rest of you guys? Okay. Scanlan, you staying towards the back? All right. Percy and Vax? All right, and this is Cassandra. Okay, so it's like a flying V formation you guys are pushing in here. All right, so. You progress through the undercroft as quietly as possible. You notice as you get past the first section, you look to your right and left and the inside of these small like cubby offshoots that contain these separate ten by ten stone tombs. The walls have shelves burrowed into it, in which there are urns and small gems and offerings-- things that were buried alongside the family members as part of a remembrance. LIAM and Yeah, no. Don't go Skyrim on me. Once again, you see the doors are open, and from what you can tell, the stone lids on the tombs are pulled off and to the side. Across the way, as you move towards the center of the room to the second set of openings, you can see the far wall which, the room ends in the far side, but there is about a 15, 20-foot wide and about a ten to 15-foot tall hole burrowed into the far wall. And the closer you get, you see large piles of dirt that fill one side of the room were put off to the side as if pieces of this dig were discarded and there is a trail of dirt across the ground that appears to have not been very well cleaned to show that dirt was being moved in and out of this area. You also see, as you push two-thirds into the room, broken pieces of whitestone that had been carved into what looks like parts of walls or pillars. Support things that failed in their construction and just broke and were tossed and discarded to the side. Make a perception check. A one. One of you Critters out there has to get Taliesin a really, really pretty new d20 that he has to use going forward. Not that one! (laughter) Okay. Okay. Those of you with about 25 or above, you glance and you find two of these slivers of this material you don't recognize and part of this broken stone. It's like a dark green glass. About a half an inch to an inch thick in slivers. You only find a small scattering few, and it has a grainy texture to it, and you take a look at it, and it's transparent. You can see shapes through it, but it's opaque enough to the point where it distorts a little bit of the visual and color behind it. Which broken glass you collected before? Oh, the sea of bone and glass? Okay. Yeah, it is not similar to that, no. However, those who are trained in arcana, you can go ahead and make an arcana roll. Trained in arcana. You would have filled in, if you have a proficiency. You have really no idea what this glass is. Okay. Sure. It's glass. Most glass you understand is designed by usually sand or other materials that at a high temperature or some sort of process is melted and fused. It appears to be, or naturally occurred, and the structure of it has this bumpy, wavy-- it's not like smooth glass. Kind of. But you're not sure what it actually is. Make a survival check with advantage because you're a crazy ranger tracker. You see tracks here and there, some fresher than others. Yeah. Well, two of you saw it. Yeah, you've got one piece. Second piece, yeah. To where you came from? You mean on that path you're going? Okay. Where you just came from is the stairs that lead up to the castle. Sure. While you sit there inspecting the dirt-- Grog, you immediately see a cluster of recent footprints, probably a day old at most, that lead in towards the tunnel. Looks like the prints are of seven individuals. Feet are fairly wide, masculine and heavy in step. One gait appears to be smaller, thinner, and more feminine. Eight total in this room. You all make a perception check. Okay, 20 and above that'd be just you two? Oh, yeah, three. All right, so you three, you notice the temperature drop ever so slightly in the room and in the darkened shadow. you look around and you see what appears to be some sort of ethereal mass drifting away. There's one round that you three get to act. The rest of you have a surprise round right now. Grog and Vex are out here checking this. You guys are back here. Keyleth is here. Vax, you're back here. Trinket's up with you, and Scanlan you're-- So you're over here with these guys. You see one drifts out from this side, another drifts out from this side, and another drifts in from this side. There is a cold chill that runs down the spine of Keyleth and Vax, as they've encountered enemies similar to this in the past. All right, let's roll some initiatives. Just those three. Yeah, I'm banning that d20 for the rest of the game. So it's just you. Okay, so! Initiatives. (giggles) Okay. Okay. All right. Percy, you're up first. You glance around, and you can see the two entities going (hiss) towards you, towards Keyleth, and you glance over your shoulder and see one drifting out of the distance towards Vax. To there? There? You won't be able to see this one, just those. This one actually will block your view to that one. These are about ten feet tall. These are the little sections here, so right now, you would be able to see these two here and barely see this one. It would have three-quarters cover. Which you ignore, with Sharpshooter. Over here? Okay, so you can see one of them right now. Okay. Go for it. Okay. So all of you who are going to conventions to meet Taliesin in the future, make sure you get a nice long hold of his hand so you can roll better, too. All right, so that's your first attack. Second attack? Both at the same guy? Okay. Go for it. Okay, is this with the element, or not? Okay. You fire. Just passes through it with no effect. Okay. Okay. Take a picture. Take a picture right now. You need to go find the D&D casino. D&D casino. Make it happen, guys. I know one of you can. So which one is this? Okay. That's including crit damage? Okay, so this one, the bullet does (impact noise) hit its form with a burst of flame, the bullet converted to magical due to the nature of the chamber. You can see its form (raspy cry). It disperses for a second and then re-forms, continuing its movement. Okay. That's stupid. 15 does hit. Okay. The ice shot (gunshot) tears through it, doing additional damage. You see part of its form crystallize from the little bit of ectoplasm that's floating in the air, but it's not enough to actually disperse its form. It continues pushing forward. You would have to reload to use those again. Okay, that ends your turn. It's now their go. This one drifts forward to Keyleth. This one drifts forward to Grog. No, you guys were aware. Everyone else is surprised. So. Unless you do anything against surprise? That's true. All right. Keyleth, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Sorry, no, a charisma saving throw. Did you roll already? What did you get? Ten. Okay. The ghost reaches out and embraces Keyleth. It disappears into her form and she shivers for a second, and it is no longer visible. Keyleth's eyes all of a sudden flare up with a ghostly blue glow, and she turns around, looking at the group with a hunger you haven't seen in her eyes. For those who see it, as well-- I should have made this happen before-- I need you guys to immediately after seeing these ghosts make a wisdom saving throw. No, just the ones that see it. That's right, so never mind. That doesn't matter. Good reminding. So I was right, then. I didn't forget anything! All right, charisma saving throw? Correct. And Grog, charisma saving throw. Nope. This is not a charm. 12? Okay. What did you roll? And with that, three of your teammates turn around, their eyes intensely glowing with some sort of a weird ghostly glow. Everyone else roll initiative. No, you guys are already on the initiative. Oh, no. Grog, you still do. Yeah, for yourself. Yeah. (laughs) Okay. Everyone who hasn't rolled yet rolls now. 15. Okay. Technically, you would, yeah. All right, and what did you get? 13. All right. Percy, you're up first. What are you going to do? She looks at you, a little bit frustrated. She looks about, annoyed, and goes, "I'm sorry. I'm not a holy woman. I have no symbols. I "have no power. I have nothing. Let's see what we can do." Right there? Okay. Into there? There we go. Okay, so you're up against the stone? There you go. All right. Okay. Okay. He has two, so you only knock-- That crazy belt, man. (laughs) You turn around and holding your gun out at Vax, even with this ghostly form, it's so hard to do so, and you close your eyes for a second and you pull the trigger, and in a weird way you're both immediately distraught and at the same time relieved that the gun jammed. (mechanical noise) So that's your turn. All right. Vax, you're up first. The ghost drives you to turn up to him as he's trying to fix the gun. Daggers out. Go ahead and make your two attacks against him. No sneak attack damage. Pretty sure the 22 hits. Okay. Go ahead and roll damage against Percy. All right, so you take eight points of piercing damage. You feel the blade (pained cry) pierce into the side. It doesn't get too far in, but you haven't been on the receiving end of his daggers before, and it's not fun seeing what they do to others. All right, at the end of your turn, I want you to make a religion check. 18? That gentle glow left behind, that slight sliver of Pike's essence that went into your symbol of Sarenrae, flares for a second. It flares again, and for a moment, in your head, in which darkness has taken your vision, you feel your body moving on its own, but you have no control. You hear Pike's voice whisper in your ear from a distance. It says, "Vax? It's okay." At which point, suddenly you feel the coldness sucked out from you. The symbol flares for a second, and the ghost is thrust out of your form. That is your turn, however. All right. Scanlan, you're up. That's okay. Indeed. There we go Spirit Guardians. So you call forth spirits to protect you for the duration, for up to ten minutes. Your alignment is...? Good, yeah. Okay, so here's what you do. You actually use this to create these guardians-- this spell hasn't been used, either. To a distance of 15 feet. You have to choose things within 15 feet of you, so you have these two right here. So, these guys. Their speed is halved. Yeah. Yeah, when they move within 15 feet of you, their speed is halved, and at the start or when they enter the area, they make a wisdom saving throw or take radiant damage. That will be at the end of their turn. All right. Does that end your turn? You get a bonus action, yes. Take the lamest d10 you've ever accepted, because harmonica's not your favorite instrument. All righty. Great. That brings us to Keyleth's turn. So it turns towards Scanlan, having cast that, and you make a staff attack against him. Okay. Go for it. Yeah, you roll a d10 and subtract that from her attack. So it's a 17. Roll damage. Okay, now it has to make a wisdom saving throw, which it succeeds. It still takes half as much damage, so roll 3d8. Yes. Okay. All righty. So this burst of radiant energy burns around her. You take 12 points of radiant damage. Yep. Vex, you're up. You see Grog turn to you with this wicked grin on his face, eyes glowing a pale whitish-blue as he brings the hammer up in the air. You are. You're right next to him. You're right there. Yep. Make an attack of opportunity. Whiff. (impact noise) The hammer hits the side of the stonework, cracking it a little. What are you doing, Vex? Just Keyleth right now. He can, but he'll hit Scanlan, as well. We'll say Trinket backs up a little bit to get enough room on it. Keyleth, swing an attack. Yeah. Trinket has to get enough distance to actually build up momentum. 20 total is exactly the AC. Roll damage for Trinket. Trinket takes nine points of bludgeoning damage from the staff. Right, yeah, because it's bludgeoning, so five points. Trinket then rolls forward, (thudding noises). Roll attacks on Grog, Scanlan, and Keyleth. For who? Keyleth, Scanlan, and Grog. All three hit? All right, so no attacks of opportunity against Trinket. Roll damage, and everyone takes that damage. Oh, I know. I have this. It's 2d6 plus four. Yep. Ten points of bludgeoning damage. Eight points of damage for Grog. Bonus. Okay. Nope. It hits the shoulder and gleans off and carves a little wound across his chest, but not enough to do any damage. That ends your turn. Grog. Trinket, due to the line, slams into Grog at the end of it, so he is now between the three others. Grog. As a ghost, you just got shot and slammed by a bear. I want you to roll one d20. 15. Your attention goes to Vex, as opposed to Trinket. You move out of the way. That's true. Well, the creature has to make a wisdom save. Fails, so yeah, takes 3d8. Yep. 17. All right. You're feeling the ghostly form-- you take the damage as soon as the form inside; you're feeling this dissipation. All right, so you make your two attacks against Vex. Yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. The first hammer swing you're ready for. Swing backward. It goes long. 20 points of damage. (impact noise) First one didn't hit, did it? Just 20, so as the first one misses, you pull back, trying to stop him, but the hammer still slams you in the side; you don't have time to move out of the way, and it pushes you up against the wall. You land on your feet, and you can feel the pulsing of the blood broken beneath the skin. That ends Grog's go. Percy, you're up. Yeah. Go for it. All righty. Around here? Okay, so you move around that way. All right. That ends your turn? It's now their turn. This one currently loses interest in you and drifts two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight-- it (whoosh) passes through the stone. Moves through and appears on the other side. I need you to make a charisma saving throw. Yeah. She dropped it when she picked up the concentration spell. And that was ability checks, not saving throws. And with that, it goes dark and a spiritual intent takes over your body. You feel like you're being puppeted, and you have no control over yourself. You're hidden, captured within your own form. All right, that ends his turn. Vax, you're up. You still feel the residual warmth in your glove pulsing. Towards Percy? Okay. Yeah. You're being attacked and stabbed by yourself. It's weird. That hits. All right. Roll damage for the dagger. What's your AC? 18. Okay. You take nine points of piercing damage as the dagger stabs into your stomach. As you swing to haul the punch off, the body ducks out of the way. All right. That ends your turn. You were there, so that's 15 feet. All right. That brings us to Scanlan. There? All right. Constitution saving throw from Grog and Keyleth and Trinket. What did you roll? (thud) Grog? What's your DC? All right, so roll damage. What's Trinket's? Okay, so you take half damage. Okay. (thud) Okay, so you take eight points of damage. Grog takes four. Trinket takes eight. Keyleth, top of the turn, roll-- You take 3d8 points of radiant damage. All right, so 13 points of radiant damage to you and to... okay. All right. Scanlan, that's your turn. Keyleth. You turn around as you see Vax rush up with a look of fear and intensity on his face. You see her turn around with this twisted grin on her face, and she brings her staff up and swings it towards your head. Roll an attack. What's your AC? 18. As she swings, you duck, and her staff (impact noise) smacks against the stone wall of the mausoleum. That ends your turn, bringing us to Vex. Correct. I forgot to add her to the initiative. That's my own fault. I'll give her a couple of rounds here in a second. Anyway, finish up. Okay, so Trinket moves up to there. Use an action to make a trip attack. Sure, why not. Roll an athletics check. No, for Trinket. Make a strength saving throw, Grog. Yeah, Trinket rushes over and tries to knock you off your feet, and you just (thud) no effect. You still have a bonus action and your movement, if you want to. Make an acrobatics check. 28? Grog, roll an attack with disadvantage, just for the hell of it. Okay, roll damage against Vex as she pulls away from you. Be glad it was disadvantage. You take 21 points of bludgeoning damage. As you pull away, Grog (whack) backhands you with his hammer. Now you can take your bonus action, if you want to. All right, that ends your turn. Cassandra is going to rush up angrily with her shortsword out. Rushing up behind Grog, she's going to make a strike. That is going to be 18. What's your armor class? 19. She goes to strike and whiffs, unfortunately. She's going to attack with her dagger she pulls out in her off hand. Rolls a three. Yeah. I'm giving her a second round because I missed the one. She's going to angrily pull up again and attempt to strike with both a second time. That will be a 20. All righty. Because Trinket is adjacent, she gets sneak attack damage. So you take 27 points of piercing damage. Well, it's slashing damage from the shortsword. The offhand attack is another three. Going to miss. All righty. That brings us to Grog. Roll another d20. 11. Your attention switches to Cassandra. Roll two attacks. At the top of his turn, you do, yeah. Actually, before that happens, roll radiant damage. With that, as you're reeling up your hammer to strike Cassandra, a burst of radiant energy disintegrates the ghostly presence within your body, and you find your mind come to you as you're about to go into a downswing to smash Cassandra's head in. You catch yourself. You have your turn now. Yes. Over Cassandra. What's your AC, Keyleth? She ducks out of the way with this preternatural speed. Keyleth's ghostly form is too fast for you. The confusion of the whole sequence caused you to not be able to think straight in the moment, and you miss twice. That ends your turn, Grog. Percy. Your gun was just fixed, correct? You just finished fixing this, and you have a gun before you. It's going to use it. Make three attacks against Vex-- Vax. I mean Vax. Whatever reduces the damage to half. It's not a saving throw, so it would be-- which one reduces the damage by half? Then it would be Uncanny Dodge. All right, so attack two more times. Hits. And? All right, so roll damage three times. The first one is halved. So you take seven damage. 15 piercing damage. Okay. (three gunshots) All right. That ends Percy's turn there. Vax, you're up. Currently, it's just enemies, so you can't move past them. I could make you roll an acrobatics check, if you wanted. Okay. Are you doing sneak attack on this? She's adjacent to Grog, so yeah. 18 hits. They both hit, so roll damage on both. Oh, that's right. So three hits, with sneak attack. Was it doubled because you rolled a critical? Sneak Attack, you just roll the dice. 25. No worries. Okay, so 25 plus 18... 25 plus 18 is 43. Yep. Okay. All right, that ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. Yep. Through those two? Yeah. Okay. 8d6, and I need Keyleth and Percy to both make dexterity saving throws. You both take half damage. You both take 12 points of lightning damage. The bolt strikes through, hitting both of you in the chest, but you both manage to pull out of the way just in time to reduce the impact of the spell. You could glance over and look at him as he pulls up to you, and see him (pants). Roll the healing points for that. All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth, at the top of your turn, roll 3d8 radiant damage. Keyleth falls unconscious to the ground as this blast of radiant energy bursts around her as this spiritual radiant form that's been surrounding the area and stalking the various individuals. It slams into her form. As she collapses, the ghost is jettisoned from her body and looks like it's been taking the radiant damage and is having a hard time keeping its corporeal form. All right, that ends Keyleth's turn. Keyleth, I need you to roll a death saving throw. You take one death saving throw failure. All right. Vex, you're up. Okay. 16 hits. 25. As you pull back the arrow and you see the flames ignite around the shaft, you release it. It slams into the ghost, and you see its form (raspy cry) disperse from the impact, the arrow hitting the wall behind it and shattering against the stone. Ghost destroyed. Yep, right over there. 21 hits. 16 points of damage to you, Percy. Yep. So you're using both Blazing Bowstring abilities right now? Okay. A flaming arrow (impact noise) sticks into the shoulder, and you can feel the flames burning into your body-- There you go. It's now Cass's turn. Cass, who's having a weird time with the whole process of seeing a bunch of herselves and her brothers stabbing each other and getting possessed. She's right there, and she brings herself around the way. She's not able to do any actions, so she sees another of her brothers possessed but clutching the gun in the hand, and is steeling her blade for the moment and doesn't do anything with her turn. Grog, you're up. What's your armor class? Yeah, hits. Damage on both. Okay, so 36 points of damage. (two impacts) You're thrown up against the wall and almost pushed over off your feet from the sheer weight of the impact. Yeah. It seems that the radiant damage from the Spirit Guardian spell you're doing has been doing the bulk of damage to them while they're inside the form. Most everything else is going straight to the individual. TRAVIS and Percy. You have three more shots with this gun, two of which are magical. So you pull up the gun, you take a step back. You do. Attack of opportunity against Percy, if you want to take it. Roll damage. You get additional dice. It's the first time you've critically hit on this show? That's absurd. Roll damage. I want to know what it is. Okay. You are out. Percy falls to the ground, unconscious. The spirit is jettisoned out the side. That ends your turn entirely. The ghost is going to shift over. It does not get its possession back. Percy, I need you to make a death saving throw, by the way. Okay. The ghost gets pushed out of the body. With you on the ground and its possession not returned, it reaches down and strikes at you with its withering touch. You take two death saving throw losses. It's an auto-crit because he's unconscious. Vax, you're up. Do it. All three hit. 27 damage, total? All righty, so all daggers strike through its form. You see it tearing through its ethereal physicality, but it's still holding its form together. It looks damaged, but it's still holding its form on this plane. Scanlan, you're up. You were here, so 35. There? You can, yeah. All right. Scanlan? Creepy gnome. Okay. Your death saving throws are fine. Okay. What's the DC on that? It fails its save. Roll 3d4. (laughing) How do you want to do this? (cheers and laughter) (laughs) As you're shouting this, you can see its ghostly form. Its face suddenly shifts into the face of a person. It recalls its memories. You can see its physical form become that of a young adult wearing robes that hold the symbol of the de Rolo crest. You see it look at its hands, and you see it look at you and look at Percy on the ground, unconscious, and it moans out in horror as it suddenly dissipates. You can make a medicine check to try to stabilize her, yeah. 18, yeah. You stabilize the bleeding. She's no longer making death saving throws. She is still unconscious. You all reconvene. Take a breath. For hit dice spent, or just for the rest? Song of rest. At the end of the short rest, everyone gains an additional 1d8. It's nice. Doesn't hurt. You guys take a short rest here to roll some hit dice. Everyone rolls it on their own. It's fine. Cassandra looks about the rest of you, still seeing a group of herself and her brothers. She shakes her head for a second. "We can rest a moment, but I don't think we can stay here much "longer. The more time we spend here, the more chance they have of returning. If they get the "jump on us, we're done." She sheathes her sword and her dagger. (sighs) "Let's do this." As you all climb into the beginning of the excavation tunnel leading to the south, slowly making your way towards-- Making your way towards the tunnels beneath the city of Whitestone, towards whatever this ziggurat construction project has been, we will pick this up the week after Thanksgiving. Yeah. We went a little late tonight to try and give a little extra since we're not going to be here next week, but that's it for the evening. There were some really bad-- everyone rolled poorly on those saving throws. That sucked. Oh, yes! We're good. (laughs) It doesn't work that way. Incredible! Thank you all so much for helping out. You're helping a lot of wonderful people do a lot of amazing things in places that need it. Oh! Chat room explode! No, the 3rd is the next Critmas. Because the 17th, our last show, is also the opening night of the new Star Wars movie, we can't go late that night because everyone's going to be gone. It's going to be the 3rd. Welcome to our late-night meetings. (all laugh) We've got a winner coming in. IEShoemaker, congratulations! Understandably so. That's Tennant, right? It was good. I'm just excited to see all the Doctor Who Tennant fans watch the series for Tennant and then be like, "Oh no, no, no!" Thank you guys so much. For the next episode. See you guys in two weeks. I get one. All right, guys. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful evening. We'll see you in a couple of weeks.