Welcome to Critical Role! Tonight, we return from last week's rather tense cliffhanger of a game. Really excited to get that underway. But for those who this is your first time watching, this is a show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons. We roll dice, and it's fun. So yeah, we're excited to have you. Let's take it off with some announcements at the top of the show for everyone. First and foremost, we have under an hour until the sale for the temporary special edition #IsItThursdayYet shirts are no longer available. We're pushing in the mid-900s, and see if we can hit a thousand before the hour is up, guys. So if you haven't got one and you're interested, we'll have information in the chat for it. That's our hashtag Is It Thursday Yet shirts soon will be gone forever. So grab one if you want. Also, this marks the anniversary of Team Hoomanism. You guys have been amazing since the beginning of the whole community, through Felicia and starting the whole stream thing. It's been amazing to watch this whole community come together, and part of that celebration for today is go out there and tweet hashtag-- What's the hashtag on this one, Luke? Look at that. #Hoomanism. That's pretty easy to remember if you're not me. Write a story about a good deed you did this week. Something that you felt really good about, that you brought a little more joy and positivity to the world around you, or saw somebody else do. Just go ahead and tweet with that hashtag, and at some point during tonight's show we're going to be giving away one of our Critical Role shirts that I'm modeling for you, strangely, accidentally for this, but I figure now you know what it looks like on a relatively unfit male. Bear not included, for now. So go ahead and guys, take a look at that, go ahead and put some positive vibes out there in the twittersphere about what you've experienced this year or done this week, and see if you can get yourself a shirt. I think it will be a lot of fun. Also, wanted to remind everyone that we will be at New York Comic Con, which will be October 10th and 11th. We'll be doing some cool events on Saturday as Critical Role, doing some signings, and we're trying to see what logistics we can do to have an opportunity to see some of you guys who weren't able to get passes. We'll have more information coming up soon, hopefully. Because we'd love to be able to see you guys who couldn't make it in the actual convention. We'll figure something out. So keep your eye on the Internet as things progress. Also, let's see. Liam, if you want to go ahead? Yeah. Thank you, Liam. Also, while our esteemed Ashley Johnson has been away for some time, and our cleric has been missing, she's been doing cool stuff in New York, filming for the new show Blindspot. Which just aired earlier this week. So for those of you who want to catch our awesome gnome cleric on the fancy big screen you can go ahead and check out Blindspot, that airs Monday nights on-- Probably. I should know this by how much they've been promoting it everywhere. You can't avoid the posters, so I should know. So yeah, check that out. We're hoping that maybe she manages to scoot some Critical Role references or memorabilia onto the screen sometime. Fingers crossed. Also, we're going to have at the intermission today a really cool video that is a presentation of when we visited and delivered the esteemed check donation to 826LA that you guys made possible. We'll have that shown at the break today. It will give you a really clear idea of the charity 826LA, what it looks like, the people that are there, and a lot of the kids that are involved, and what you've helped continue to promote and help grow. So look forward to that at the break. It's going to be good. Does anyone have anything else they want to announce? I couldn't tell if he was blushing before or after you revealed you were sitting on his face. It's hard to tell. Yeah, probably. He's pretty cute. There you go. All righty. We're waiting on our esteemed gnome bard to arrive, due to traffic, and when he does, we have a little present for him, which we will reveal when he arrives. But in the meantime, let's go ahead and kick things off for tonight's episode of Critical Role. And welcome back. (laughter) It's pretty good. We started doing burpees in between. No, I mean, we just burp. Bring in the gnome! I would like the gnome brought before me. I appreciate that you brought it back. No, it's a reminder. Yay! (cheering) However, we do have a present for you. Because there have been periods of time in which you've complained about not having a proper stein or mug to match the rest of the group, we figure-- Google one works fine. But thanks to some of our wondrous, illustrious campmates we were with at Burning Man, they gifted this unto us to gift unto you, as we felt it was fitting and size-appropriate. Well done. All righty, so to get caught up on what has transpired the party, after traveling abroad in the distant city of Vasselheim and the surrounding lands, eventually returned to Emon, their central hub city where they had their Greyskull Keep constructed, to relax and take in a brief moment of respite before learning that the Briarwoods, two individuals responsible for much darkness and sadness in the history of Percy, were coming to court in a week to feast and talk with Sovereign Uriel Tal'Dorei. What are you doing? You got to keep pouring. Upon hearing of the Briarwoods' arrival within a week to discuss political matters and enjoy a feast, of course the members of Vox Machina, who are part of the council in Tal'Dorei were invited. Within that week, they made their various preparations, made the various beard checks, made the various beard shavings. It happened! And made their way to the central palace at the Cloudtop District of Emon. The Briarwoods arrived, a feast was put out. However, Percy went in under an illusion to look like Vax over here, while Vax went invisible. Everyone had formal attire on, weapons left at the door, unarmored, dressed for the occasion. Yeah, you guys were all dressed in formal attire. So your weapons are at the door. They're not on you at the moment. Yeah, as part of the check-in process. Yeah. Because you went invisible and you were under the approval of Seeker Asum. Correct. The List is on him, his Pepperbox. Bad News would be a bit difficult for you to bring in here. Yeah, I think so. During the feast, conversations were had, questions were raised and information was extracted. Seeker Asum had requested to have been met in the foyer by our rogue here, who forgot and then decided to go on his own upstairs following the Briarwoods to the second floor where their guest room was set. He distracted one of the guards with his serpent belt, knocked out the other, entered the room and found himself face to face with the Briarwoods themselves. Yeah. It went right into their guest room. So after a brief discussion, a little bit of awkwardness, you attempted to leave, but were placed in a holding pattern by a Hold Person spell, and had the two Briarwoods come up to you, whisper in your ear that you had nothing to worry about, you look delicious. You guys are just now leaving the feast hall at this period of time. A large foyer area. There's the main foyer of the palace that splits off to two smaller meeting chambers and the chamber to the right is what leads to the Grand Hall. That's where you guys were feasting. So you're making your way into this-- Asum? Seeker Asum, yes. No. The spell itself would dissipate, as it is a concentration spell. It would be a, oh, spell's gone. However, before we get to you guys. We have more immediate business to attend to. Vax. Your muscles lock in place, sweat beginning to bead down the front of your forehead. The realization of the immediate danger you put yourself in washing over you. You can see across the way, in the dark candlelit area of the room by the canopy bed, is Lady Delilah Briarwood, hand still out, smiling at you. Immediately to your left shoulder is Lord Sylas Briarwood, who has leaned in. He's actually pulling you away from the door now. You're skidding across the ground (dragging sound) as he shifts you, your legs unable to actually move. As he pulls you forward, the Lord whispers in your ear, "You are a curious one, though not quite gifted with the silver "tongue. Foolhardiness is not becoming of a guest of the Briarwoods." For a moment, there's this pause, this tension, the silence, and Delilah, Lady Briarwood, puts her hand out further and says, "Yet, my love, we are not here to make enemies, nor raise suspicion. We are merely "protecting ourselves from intrusion. Isn't that right?" As she looks at you, and looks immediately to your right, where you can feel the general presence of Lord Briarwood. I need you to go ahead and make another wisdom saving throw. You feel your muscles lax, and the sweat that is still brimming across your face you feel for the first time in these moments that seem to stretch on forever. You have control of your body, though you do feel the hand of Lord Briarwood right on your shoulder, who, as you become conscious of the fact that you are in control of your physical form, his voice comes very heavily, the bass kicking into your left ear. "Indeed. We do require allies. I would have you prove "friendship." And as he takes and moves the shoulder away, you find your torso moving towards him. You lock eyes with him, and he has this knowing grin, his lids taut slightly with this condescending sense of knowing. I need you to go ahead and make another wisdom saving throw. This is technically a charm effect, and you being a half-elf, you do, I believe, get advantage on those. 21. You feel an extension of the sheer unnatural force of charisma that attempts to penetrate beyond the usual slippery mind that Vax holds to such a high esteem... However, you manage to resist it and feel it wash over you as the slight tingling vanishes and the effect has left you unaffected by whatever he was attempting to try. There's a brief moment as he looks you over. "There now. Be a good boy." Looks over. I need you to make a deception check. Now you used a couple Luck points last time. Deception, yes. 15, okay. Gives you a look. "Very well. Apparently, the help was not very helpful." At which point, you hear this fast knock at the door, and you hear a voice go, "Are you all right? Is everyone all right?" Behind the door. At which point, Lady Briarwood just does this with her finger, and the door swings open (creak) on its own. The guard that ran after your belt is standing there holding the groggy, just slightly coming to second guard that you knocked out, and as he pulls him towards the door, he looks over and sees this, and he goes, drops him, and goes for his weapon, and Lord Briarwood puts his hand up, and goes, "Do not worry. We're just having a conversation. Close the door. And get him up." "Yes, not a worry sir." And he closes the door, and you hear the scuffling behind the wood of him, adjusting and waking up the guard who you had clobbered in the side of the head, getting him to consciousness. So they're both just looking you over. Lord Briarwood's just walking back and forth, keeping a very keen eye. He walks between you and the door. As you stand there. Almost like he's waiting for a reaction of some kind, for you to initiate something. You hear a throaty chuckle from Lady Briarwood across the way. (chuckles) "No, but what "do you think, my love?" Lord Briarwood comes up from behind, his hands on the back of your shoulder, and says, "Like we said, you haven't the gift of the silver tongue. But I applaud your effort." Lady Briarwood at this point steps a couple steps closer. She's still about 15 feet from you. He's right behind you. Right between you and the door. She steps forward and looks over at her husband again, and goes, "What do you think? Can we trust him?" And Lord Briarwood leans forward, and you can feel his chin peeking into your peripheral vision. "I'm afraid not. It seems--" Into him? He's between you and the door. As you go to move away, his arms that are on your shoulder, tighten, flex, and hold you in place. Since I don't know what you're going to say, I'm going to say persuasion for this. Because I don't know if it's a deception or not. You want an inspiration? (laughs) What are you asking for? What are you begging from the DM? No, I'll give inspiration when you've goddamn earned it. As you say that looking at them with this coy look of information about Uriel, they both chuckle in unison. (chuckles) "Shall we?" And she gives a nod and goes, "I think we shall." We're now rolling for initiative. So. Here you are, right there. Lord Briarwood is behind you. Lady Briarwood is over here by the edge of the bed. These are the two windows, this is the layout of the room here. As far as you are aware, there are two guards outside the door, currently. Oh no. One adjacent, is what you're telling me. All right. So. For this, Delilah steps forward, and you can see there's a slight flash of bluish-purple arcane energy in her eyes and her fingers, coalesce around, as she does, she draws her fingers up and you feel this sudden cold pressure around your body. I need to pull out my spells. I don't know what I'm doing here. All right, so I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, Vax. 19. All right. So as she does this you feel all the flesh on your torso and around the neck part of your body all of a sudden begin to dry and crack as if your life force itself is beginning to wither and be drawn out. It's the equivalent of a plant drying out and dying very fast, but it's your flesh instead. You go ahead and take-- You take 21 points of necrotic damage, and she's going to go ahead and step this way. After that she backs up and grabs the edge of the post at the side of the bed and looks at you with this grin. At that point as you tense from the pain, Sylas immediately whips to one side and with an unarmed claw attack, a giant fist is going to hit you on the side of your torso. That is going to be a 21 to hit. All right. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage as his fist socks you on the inside of your chest area hitting the sternum, and you feel like a slight pain crack sound as it hits and impacts against the leather. As you pull forward, with unnatural speed (whoosh) the hands are back on your shoulder and you hear this little voice say, "Bon Appetit." That is going to be a 25 to hit. All right. Okay, you take six points of piercing damage as suddenly you feel two extremely sharp, warm prongs jut into the side of your neck, and that same cold sensation you felt across your torso all of a sudden begins to pull from the neck, and you feel as if the very warm blood around your throat begins to drain from it. You take an additional 12 points of necrotic damage, and your maximum hit points are currently reduced by 12. It's your turn. Actually, this will be part of his unarmed attack. No. He does not have you grappled, currently. He's over the shoulders. There are two windows on each side of the room there. (window breaking) As you run past, you can see there's this moment where it's almost like they are letting it happen. There is no momentary aggression or frustration to this as you dart and (crashing) out the window falling from the second story. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Okay. (chuckles) You hit the ground with a tumble, and you get up and you continue to move forward. So at this point you've pushed into the courtyard now. You can see the cobblestone road that surrounds the outskirts of the palace. There are a few bits of light and you can see there is the carriage they came in, horses still attached, and the younger man who led them inside who was driving the coach is napping on the front, who is now looking over, spooked, at the sound of shattering glass as it clatters onto the ground around you. And that ends your turn. Everyone else, you hear jenga whispered through those of you who have the earrings on. Not from this part of the palace. You're too far away. That's about as much as you got out this combat round because it was a very quick series. It took all your effort to even get out of that situation. So you guys go forward. You run towards the front and the weapons are being held in this storage area off to the side that is used for storing weaponry and armor for people who arrive and shouldn't be wearing them in very social events. So you guys head that way. You're getting a big drink. You burst through the hall and head up the way. As you do, you can see some of the other servants glance around, suddenly. As you you're gliding up the staircase and onto the second floor, there are two servants. One darts out of the way. We'll let it go. So as you coast up, releasing your avian payload on the stairs, you can see, looking jarred and confused, a human woman, brown hair, freckles, mousy-looking servant looks up and reaches up as you spatter the side of her shoulder. Okay, the Keyleth spatter vanishes through arcane means. However, the servant begins to give chase up the stairs after you guys. Not angrily, just following to see where the action is going. All right, you head over to meet up with them to grab your weaponry. Although your weapon was probably on you. So you go ahead and grab Bad News and pull it off the side. That's your guys' action now, so as you are out front, Lady Briarwood is going to right at the window. Looks down for a second, and I need you to make another wisdom saving throw. 13? So as you get up and you say jenga. A familiar feel comes over you as your muscles once again lock into place and you fall over from the momentum of the run, going face-down into the cold, dew-covered grass in this courtyard area, unable to move. In a similar dash fashion and leaping out of the broken window that you left, Lord Briarwood (impact) onto the ground next to you. Three-point landing, stands up over you with this grin. That will be his turn though. At this point in time, one of the bookcases-- you hear this sound real fast, this sound of wood being slammed open, and a surprised noise. That's all you hear from your perspective in the distance. All right, so as you guys get your weapons you begin going where? Where you saw them leave? You head up the stairway, following behind where you saw Keyleth and Tiberius rush off to. Are you following the rest of them? Seeker Asum, with Message? I believe the person has to be within visual range. Wait, no. You can cast through solid objects if you're familiar with the target and nobody on the barrier. It's 120 foot, though. You don't know how far he is. You could give it a shot. The message is delivered out into the space. Hopefully, it found its recipient. "Yes, Lady Vex. Right away." Runs off. You guys coast up the stairs. Right as you reach the top of the hallway over here, you can see there are two guards that are currently standing at the door. The door is currently closed, but you're in eagle form, so you're going to be doing like eagles do. I'll say, you're about there because you were a little bit ahead of them. Those are the two guards right there. At this point now, as this is happening, I need you guys to go ahead and roll initiative. And Keyleth? Keyleth, you got ten, you said? Okay, so after that current circumstance, that brings us-- as they're rushing up, you would be finishing off the last round, so you can make another wisdom check. Okay. You can just see the little bit of moonlight up in the sky. It is this ominous image of not knowing if your friends are coming, not knowing what's happening. All you know is you cannot move your physical form, and looming over you is Lord Briarwood, standing and beginning to move in to kneel. That will end your turn. All right, that brings us to the top of the round. This will bring us to Lady Delilah, who is now going to step out of the glass, leap down, try to catch herself. And falls flat on her ass. Smacks down, (grunts). Gets herself up from the ground. Yeah, she has to use the rest of her movement getting back up from prone, at that point. She's right there, but you see now, in the window above her, a small humanoid figure. A familiar one that was waiting for you earlier in the foyer, who apparently was hiding inside one of the dressers inside the room. He's there. Lady Briarwood is going to take the rest of her turn. She has one action left. With this, she looks over to you and says, "When we mark a target, he does not escape, I'm afraid." I'm going to see what this does. All right, I need you to make another constitution saving throw. You take 34 points of necrotic damage. You go unconscious, then when it comes back to your next turn, you have to make a death saving throw. If you fail three-- You are unconscious. Nope. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. With that thought cast out, the darkness swallows your vision and unconsciousness takes you into the cold, wet grass on the floor of the courtyard surrounding the palace. A small shiver runs down your spine, Vex a feeling you haven't felt before. A feeling of sudden and immediate sourceless dread, and in that instant you know that there is almost no time. Yeah, she is actually at this point, beyond the palace walls. You can sense and knowing the palace walls. You were expecting a second floor, it's that direction but just outside the walls of the palace. And you guys just got your weapons. I'm going to have people who haven't rolled initiative yet, go ahead and roll initiative so I can put you on the timing chart here. Grog? 17, nice. 17? Look at you guys. You guys are coming up into the hallway at this point. Let's see. All right, Vex and Grog, you rush out into the courtyard area, making your way out of the front. Some of the guards can see you dart out and they go to stop you, but they see you going where they're going, they recognize you and let you pass. So that will be for Scanlan, Grog, and Vex'ahlia, your turn is making your way around the outside, using a full run action. You haven't crested the outside of the palace yet. You don't see anything, but you are starting to make your way around the corner. Do you have your ear pieces on? Then yeah, you would. Okay. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Roll a d20 and add your intelligence modifier. Eight? So you manage to Dimension Door-- As opposed to being directly outside, because you haven't seen this part of the palace, you're not really 100% visual range; you haven't visited this side. You end up trying to come over in this area. You end up appearing right up here inside the room, looking at the window and you can see down. Suddenly you look about this room. To the left of you is Seeker Asum, who doesn't even notice you are there. He is currently putting away a crossbow. Looking out the glass window, you can see down with the little bit of light that's in the courtyard. You see Lord Sylas Briarwood looming over what looks to be the currently unconscious body of Vax'ildan. Yes, it is. Bringing us to this point now, that's your guys' turn. Tiberius? You're up. Right there? All right, go ahead and roll damage! Yeah, they did not make their saving throws. So roll your damage on that. 35? Okay! One of them gets blasted and thrown almost off his feet and pushed back from the sheer force five foot in that direction. The one that's this side of the doorway, who was already at one hit point, barely brought from already being knocked unconscious by Vax, you hear a scream, and is turned to ash, his charred armor left clattering across the ground. Both doors are blown open from the force of the explosion. A large portion of the room is currently singed with black. What's your fly speed? That's as far as you can get. He can currently see you, yeah. Okay! Make an intimidation check. LIAM, LAURA, and From what you can see, the helmet itself guards part of the face, but you can see from the charred, slightly angered, gritting expression on his mouth as he looks at you as you shout that, the grittiness goes away, the jaw opens slack, and takes two instinctual steps back into the hallway. Does not appear to be interested in threatening what just blew his friend into ashes. From behind you, as you're flying over you see this servant come rushing up, the female one that you saw earlier on the stairway. Rushing forward, seemingly with an intense look of what went from curiosity to now engrossed in this current circumstance. Kit, do you want to go ahead and take your place? Trinket would not be at the dinner, per se. Trinket would probably be kept somewhere near the stables, where the people can watch over your animals. Not in the middle of the grand hall of the palace of Tal'Dorei, sorry. As you rush in, you see this giant fireball blast through the middle of the hallway. Two of the guards are sent off to the side. There's this hurried look and this shout. You've seen these individuals throughout the palace before, and they're part of the council. You've always kept a distance from them. You're a servant of the palace; you want to keep up appearances for many reasons. However, there's this rush of energy and this general sense of dread in this corner of the palace. And for the most part, judging by this, you didn't like the Briarwoods when they arrived, and you think things are going wrong here. What are you going to do with your turn? You're right over here in the hallway. It's hard to see from this perspective here, but you're right over here. This is Kit Buss, who's our official artist for Critical Role. (cheering) You're over here. There's this guard here, and these doorways are blown open and seems to be where all the energy's going. You have a good sense for the flow of energy and emotional tension, and right now everything is pushing in that direction. That'll get you right there. You can just look past the doors, and they're blown open. That'll be your turn there. As you glance inside, you can see the gnome member of Vox Machina is there currently at the edge of one window. The left window is shattered on this side. Seeker Asum, another part of the council, is right at that. He looks over his shoulder, looks at you and goes, "Shoo!" You see him look like, what are you doing, no go! Go, stupid servant! That's your turn. All right. That brings us to Percy. You were rushing outside with them or rushing up the stairs? Okay, you'll just catch up with them. They're on the outskirts, just cresting around the side of the palace here. All right. You're, in theory, off the map on this side. I'll get to that shortly. You're rushing as fast as you can. You exited the front of the palace and spent your whole turn rushing as fast as you can around the side. It's a long distance, putting all your energy into it. You have no visual, unfortunately. That brings us to Sylas. All right. No, sorry. Before Sylas is the Seeker. Seeker Asum. Asum! He's pretty awesome. He's going to leap down here. He's going to make his own acrobatics check, which he does with flying colors because rangers are cool like that. Lands immediately and angrily rushes forward going, "No!" and attempts to feint into an attack, and Lord Briarwood puts up his hand to attempt to deflect with preternatural speed just (whoosh) out of the way. Asum, instead, reaches down to grab the unconscious body of Vax and is going to attempt to move you away from here. Sylas does get an attack of opportunity against you. That's a 16? What's your armor class? 17. Unconscious. I'll say there's no dex bonus to that because you can't move out of the way, so that would be 15. I'm sorry, 12. It hits you; I rolled for that. You immediately take a death saving throw. Instantaneously. You failed one. Now, it is Sylas's turn. That was Seeker Asum, now it's-- He got a free attack because he moved out of range to try to hit him. Rushes up to join the fray there. He's going to look towards Seeker Asum and say, "This quarrel is not with you." Asum looks over his shoulder. Asum relaxes his grip on Vax's body and stands at attention. And you hear him say, "My apologies, I did not mean to meddle." He seems to be stepping out of the fray. Yes. That's a charm action to get him out of that. That will be Sylas' turn. That brings us to Keyleth. Make a general dexterity check. You're flying in very tight quarters as a giant eagle flowing through. 12? Okay, that's fine. You clip a wing. It hurts, and you wince at the impact, but you manage to make your way in there. As you come down, you grab Scanlan, but there's not a lot of room here to get much lift or air, so you're now clutching your gnome. Do you not want to be grabbed by her? Make an insight check. Five. Okay, you see this giant eagle come screeching into the room, talons out, and starts coming at you with talons. Be mindful of that. It's technically now a grapple contest, so go ahead and make an athletics check. It would be strength. 19. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check to avoid it, or athletics. Athletics or acrobatics, your choice. 15. As much as you try and fight, the eagle grabs you and your tiny gnome form is grasped in its claws. Oh, woe is this evening. All right, that finishes Keyleth's turn. I need you to make a second death saving throw. Okay, so you stabilize. You didn't die. Sorry. My apologies. Vex, you swing around the corner, just getting to the outskirts. You're not sure where Trinket is. Do you want to get as close as possible to the fray? I'd say as you turn the corner, that will get you about there, and you can see now, there is Seeker Asum and Lord Briarwood both standing over what looks to be a small cluster of cloth, the source of the dread. You can, yeah. No, that would just hit her. Oh, within ten feet? It would hit Seeker and Sylas, yeah. Okay, go for it. Roll for it. The fury pumps through your veins in an attempt at vengeance at what appears to be your twin brother at death's door. You pull the arrow from the back of your quiver. As you feel the energy gather from the atmosphere around you, while the energy itself is a blue crackling energy, you see it as bright, vibrant crimson red. You release it with a scream towards Lady Briarwood. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Yes, times two. All right, he doesn't get one. Right, so it does additional damage. One. Okay. The lightning hits her. It shocks her, and you see the pain come through, but for the sheer force that should have been, it seems almost like it wasn't as impactful as it should have been. However, Lord Briarwood and Seeker Asum both fail, so they both take the additional damage. Sure. I'll allow it. You've certainly invoked the fury tonight. All right, go ahead. Against Lady Briarwood to follow up on that? Well, no, she's not concentrating because he's unconscious. I was saving for the Hold Person spell, but she's not concentrating on that, currently. She is actually lit on fire. No. It has to be damage from the allies of the person who charmed them, so no. You guys are currently considered a threat to him. All right, so that ends your turn. That brings us to Delilah. Delilah, who's now on fire. Laura, the Blazing Bowstring, does that ignite her? Does she take continuous fire damage, or is that just one-time fire damage? No, it's an additional 1d10 once. She shrugs off the flames. I remember that. Angrily. As the electrical energy and the flames dissipate, she puts her hands out like this, and she looks at you for a second and she extends one cruel finger towards you with a look of intense hatred. I need you to make a constitution save. I don't know if she has to aim it or not. Let me check. Nope! I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 17. That's not enough, unfortunately. You take 66 points of necrotic damage as a sickly beam of black energy streaks out from her finger, plows into your torso, and you feel as if your soul is temporarily pulled from a portion of your body. For a second there, your eyes glance past the threshold of death, and you manage to pull yourself back in. The cold resonates through the rest of your body, and all of a sudden the temperature outside, which was already pretty chilly, feels freezing cold. Brush with the Finger of Death. All right, she is going to move over towards Sylas right here, getting into a protective standpoint, glancing down at the unconscious body of Vax. That brings us to-- we have Grog, Tiberius, and Scanlan. You've figured this out now, after this whole (yelps). Keyleth, of course. You can see through the window right there, yeah. It's hard, at this point. What's the range on Healing Word? He is not close enough to reach. You'll have to move first. You would know the range of it. You'd be like, "Ugh, he's too far." Okay. All right. Tiberius? Okay, 60 feet flying speed. Good to know. That's as far as you can get, right there. That's the 60 feet for your movement. Right, from an elevated standpoint, you would probably just barely be able to see the edge of Lord Briarwood down there, below. He would have three-quarters cover, but you can see him. No. Not from the angle of the window. Okay. All right. You can use your action to move, if you want to get closer to the window. Or you could go outside, if you wanted to. This would be the end of your turn, regardless. Right there? Yeah, you can see him there. Cool, so you're floating in the air, currently, looking through the cracked window at the cluster of mayhem that's below. That ends Tiberius's turn. Grog. It's all happening simultaneously. Okay. What's the range on it? Here's what we'll do. It's the warhammer or war pick? I know. It's the distance of the weapon, is what it is. Looking it up right now for you. I don't have a Player's Handbook. If somebody could look up the equipment section right now? Excuse the sound change here, as I have to move the mic. There we go. I got it. There is a range on thrown weapons, unfortunately. Warhammer... this one is not considered an actual normally thrown weapon, so I would give it the same distance of a handaxe, which is 60-foot max, but you would be at disadvantage on the throw, anyway. Pretty heavy disadvantage on this, so we'll give it a shot. No. As you lob-- Yeah, if you know the distance, then I'll say sure. Sure. Against her? Okay. She glances over at you as you come running around the corner, this giant engine of muscle and death. You growl at her, screaming-- What's the DC on it? 13. She glances over at you and you see her head turn to the side with a curious chuckle. Yeah. Sorry. All right. Kit, you're up. Oh, that's right. You're doing your turn. Continue. Yes, it would. All right, so roll for how much you heal him. It's an additional 1d4 for each, so it would be 5d4 plus five. Yes, you do. Kit, you're on deck, so imagine what you're going to do next. Five. So you heal 17 hit points. From the darkness-- No, it's plus five. Consciousness comes to you. Breath comes into your chest, and you can feel the cold, wet grass against the left side of your face. Your vision begins to clarify for a second, and you look up over you. You can see immediately to the right of you both Lord and Lady Briarwood standing over you, looking down with one half of their gaze, the other paying attention to-- They're looking down at you and glancing at this slowly encroaching circle of assailants. That was your bonus action. So what's the DC on that? With that. Okay, good to know. What are you suggesting to her? All right. And what saving throw is it? Is it a wisdom saving throw? Wisdom. Okay, good to know. Rolled an 18. She has advantage on it, anyway. All right. Yeah, she rolled a natural 18, plus her wisdom bonus of two. That puts her at a 20. She just crested over it. You can see, she glances up for a second at you. The presence of the actual shouting and the Suggestion echoing through the glass and out the other broken window. She looks up and you see parts of the shards of the glass are actually shaking from your singing. The harmonic resonance of the glass catching your-- You gather that probably at all given points of time, she probably enjoys being close to her husband, but not overcome with an uncontrollable urge. Right. All right, so that ends Scanlan. Kit. You are, but they're not currently in visual range because they're outside and down below, so if you want to try and move over this way, you can try to get a visual. You would have to leap up onto the edge of the canopy bed. You can just see them past the broken window, down into the courtyard there, as Tiberius, the dragonborn you saw coast through, is hovering in the air about five feet above you. All righty. What is the DC on the spell? It should be at the very top of your spell sheet. 17. All right. Against Lord Briarwood... (chuckles) Even with his plus seven-- He is going to use his legendary resistance to succeed the saving throw. So as you do that, you see the magical energy form around his head and this crown of darkened arcane energy forms and begins to clasp around, and he looks up for a second and shrugs his hair like that, and it (crash) dissipates, and you can see for a brief second his vision come up and find your gaze. I understand! As it was a concentration spell, also, the illusion that you currently were holding fades away. What was once the demure, mousy-looking human guest suddenly appears as a pale, white tiefling, currently now existing at the edge of the bed. Her image shimmers and disappears as you see her standing before you on her hoofed legs, holding what was previously a non-visible staff in one hand. You are right above her, yeah. Looking over your shoulder, you're a little bit in front of her, but yeah, you see her. All right, so that will be your turn there. Percy. Following suit, you begin to move around the corner to the others. You are now within visual range of both Briarwoods-- at a far distance, though-- too far for the Pepperbox. No, its range is 150, so yeah. Nah, they're within range for both. Against who? Yeah, that'll hit. Okay. The first shot. As you (gunshot), the shot echoing out across the night sky of Emon, Lord Briarwood, who is currently staring down at you as you come to consciousness, and you can see under his breath, he says, "Oh, there's no way out tonight, friend." And begins to lean forward before (impact) the back of his shoulder is wracked by a sudden impact. You see dark material just (spray) spatter out with some sort of dark crimson, and he (grunts). Looks over his shoulder with anger, and you can see at that point, glistening across the moonlight, the sharpened fangs visible at the edge of his mouth. As he looks over-- Okay, so you use your second attack to reload. 24 to hit will hit. Okay. That was using the arm shot? Good. So as he turns around and glares at you, there's like a moment of clarity, and you can feel that familiar stare, that horrible glare, and the cowardice in you fights the moment of tension that you've been waiting for this sequence. As you load the weapon, he says it loudly enough for you to hear, but this voice now, you see Lord Briarwood says, "Would you look at that, dear? The pup yet lives." (chuckles, gunshot) (laughter) It's as far as you can get. You still have your heroic action, if you wanted to do that. Holding onto it? Okay. All right. So that will end your turn. Seeker is then going to turn this way, step towards the side and pull his crossbow out. It was already loaded with a bolt into it, and he's going to take a shot at Grog, who's currently the biggest target right now. That's going to be-- rolled a two. That's going to be a 13 against armor class. Yeah. Goes and for the bonus action reloads and gets the second shot at you. That will be a 19. All right. You take seven points of piercing damage, halved because of your rage. And with the rest of his movement, Seeker Asum's going to go ahead and step back in the shadow beside there. Ending that turn, now it comes to Lord Briarwood. Keyleth, you're up after him. Yeah, you're coming up. Don't worry. You guys rolled the lowest initiatives. He's still prone, yeah. So Sylas is going to, seeing the circumstance, reach down and attempt to grab you. He has disadvantage because of that. (laughs) All right, that's going to be a total of 11. To attempt to grapple you, yeah. You don't have to. Yeah, so it missed entirely. All right, so that's with his first strike. Second one, he's going to go for another attempted grapple on you. With disadvantage, that comes to 18. For hitting you. All right. And now he's going to make an athletics check to attempt to grapple you. That is going to be a 13. You could, yes. Go ahead and roll a d10. d10. And subtract that from his attack modifier. Okay. With that, as he reaches down in an attempt to grapple you and grab you by the throat, the fingers are coming towards you and you try and attempt to roll out of the way. All of sudden, you hear, "Distraction!" and Lord Briarwood's, (annoyed sigh). You see his massive eyeroll and then goes in for the attack, but that's given you enough time to roll out of the way his hand only meets the ground. He's then going to step back and get adjacent to Lady Briarwood. That ends his turn. Keyleth, you're up. Out the broken one over here or the non-broken one? Okay. So you're coasting over here. Okay, so as you swoop down and leave Scanlan right there in front of them, that'll be there. You have no idea, you just swooped out there and he's there like hiding in the shadow. You didn't see it, though, from your perspective there. You just saw a bolt go. Yeah you do, yes, that was just your movement as you swooped down. Right there. Okay. You've already used your movement to get there and drop him off and go all the way around. Yeah, you used your full movement to get there and drop off Scanlan. Okay. Keyleth, all of a sudden the eagle condenses down and forms back into Keyleth in her half-elven form. Okay. 17 points of healing. And with that, Vax. You are prone on the ground. Half your movement. Yeah, you could probably do that, yeah. Okay, and what's your full movement then? It would be 30 times two, which would be 60, half that, so you can run 30 feet because it takes half your movement to get up. So yeah, you disengage. There you go. All right. That ends your turn. At the top is Vex. Superior would be 8d4 plus eight. Yeah. You would be scooting right over Scanlan's head with your arrow. It would say on the spell. 15 would not hit, unfortunately. So as she stands there grinning, looking over all this, they're both amused by this whole circumstance, there isn't really a glimmer of fear. As the first arrow comes by, she leans to the side, just dodges it a little bit. The second one comes towards her, and Lord Briarwood deflects it out from in front of her and gives you a look of like, don't you dare touch my woman. Trinket is somewhere. You whistle again, okay. That's your turn. "Yes, indeed you are." As she looks at you for a second, and there's this sparkle, this prismatic glow of light in her eyes. I need you-- Hold on. All right, so you're going to attempt to counter. Let's do this. Go ahead and roll a d20, add five. Yeah, that's not going to do it. At that point, all of a sudden, you feel a surge of arcane energy suddenly burst, not visually, but on this coursing connection, almost like two nexus points of energy. There's this tidal wave of arcane energy that blasts into your mind. I need you to go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw. 18? 18 would unfortunately not succeed. Yeah, you take 21 points of psychic damage-- And your intelligence and charisma scores become one. Suddenly, language leaves you. All the spells, the nature of spellcasting, is robbed, and you know where you are, but everything is instinctual. From this point, you are essentially, from a communication standpoint, a giant lizard. At this point, actually, yeah, you do, because you can only maintain concentration. And you land on the ground. She then steps-- You don't know. Tiberius. It's your turn. At the end of every 30 days. Which is what she would be saying if she was knowing this was happening to you. So anyway. You still know your friends. You know you have friends here. You know there's something to protect. You know that people need protection. You must protect! And that's the extent of where your drive is right now. It's hard to say. You're still you, you're still present there, you just know that suddenly, "Spells? I don't know spells. (growls) Anger. Frustration. Protect." It's all base instincts right now. You don't know. And he goes, (scared noises). Right. And takes another five foot step back from you. Unexpected feral reaction from Tiberius! Yeah, I moved you double. Okay, that ends your turn? Grog? You can't get all the way there, but you can get within throwing range. All right, so now you (whoosh) lob it, the flames arcing in a circle towards him. 23 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 17, all right. So (smash) the hammer hits him in the front, the flames burst from the impact, you can hear the metal clang of metal against the armor he's wearing under his outfit. All right. You did 18 damage, then, good to know. All right, so go ahead, and if you want to try and retract, it's a bonus action. You pull in the chain. It whips back. Like Thor, you catch it mid-air, prepare yourself for the next round. That'll be your turn. Scanlan? You're now there, face to face. You are essentially the shield of the group between the Briarwoods. All right. You go to release the spell. She immediately begins to mutter something in between. You immediately feel this counteractive arcane energy. If she hadn't rolled a natural one on her Counterspell, that would've been pretty bad. But through the sheer force of frustration and anger at this point now, the lightning bolt presses through her counter, and the bolt is released in that direction, arcing towards both of them. She rolled a one to try and counter your spell. 8d6. And for their saving throws-- Yeah, it would hit them both. No, he's off to the left. All right. So they do both make their saving throw, so they both take half damage. 32, okay. That's a 16 to Sylas and eight to Lady Delilah. Apparently. Both of them (impact sounds) take the blast from the-- and you see this look of okay, things are getting a little weird now. They both look at each other with a realizing they're now a front of two against many swarming individuals. Do you want to move or stay where you are? You have not. Oh no, you did. You flew past as you went and you were like what the heck is that? And then you pulled out. Unfortunately, no. All right, so that ends your turn. That brings us to you. So are you staying at the edge of the bed, or are you going towards the window to have a clear view? All right, so you leap off the side of the bed, come up to the edge of the broken window, looking down towards it. All right! Let's try and make this wisdom saving throw. Chose to make his save, using his legendary resistance. Remember, the target still becomes frightened for the duration. So now, as you do this and look up, Lord Briarwood has had this cocky grin the whole time, sees this sudden albino tiefling in the window glare down and send this shimmering wave of arcane energy hissing from above. The echo of the hiss hits Lord Briarwood and for the first time, you see him recoil in strange momentary terror and seems to almost step back into the side of his wife. Glances over his shoulder towards her and she gives him a look of misunderstanding and acknowledgement. So he cannot get near you, currently. Cannot get any closer to you and has disadvantage against anything against you. Just her. All right. Very cool. So that's your turn on that one. Percy. No, the moment you fired, the illusion dissipated. Okay, go for it. Yeah, that hits. All right. So you've shot, reload, shot. And this turn-- Oh, so Bad News is empty. That's the first shot. You got this. Cool. Sorry, I misunderstood. All right, so this is the first shot. Second shot. 25 hits. All righty. All right. 18 does not hit. The first shot (impact) off the shoulder and the second one (impact) hits the same point where Bad News hit the arm, blasting off another portion of the flesh. And the third one, this time, you can actually see the shadows coalesce around him and the shot just misses through the darkness and reforms into the physical form of Sylas. As you're finishing your turn, that, you can see, Sylas' flesh is reforming and healing rapidly from the damage he's taken. The actual tendons are forming back up from the blast damage. He's looking at you with a slight grin but then nervously back at the tiefling in the window. Back and forth. At this point in time, Asum is going to go ahead and back up this way and is going to use an action to hide. Rolls a three. Terrible. Absolutely useless. All right, so Sylas now is going to angrily look around and pulls off from the back, you can see this shimmer as there was an illusion dissipates and what previously looked like it was an empty back, a large scabbard appears. Pulling this giant dark, slate-gray greatsword from the back and lunges forward towards you, Grog. You have not seen Uriel, no. All right. Is going to then make a strike at you. That's a 26 to hit. All right. You take 12 points of slashing damage. Reduced to six. And I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. No, you just have a high constitution. 18, all right. You feel like the actual wound from the blade is attempting to draw some force from your body, but you just (grunts) and flex and whatever arcane enchantment is resisted. Turns around for a second swipe, that is going to be a 19. Hits? All right. You take 15 points of slashing damage. Half that to seven, or be eight. Round up for use. So eight. And make another constitution saving throw. Yeah, once again. There's some sort of enchantment that's trying to pull from the wounds as it hits you and you just grin them off with this chuckle. So he's going to use the rest of his movement to step back a little bit. You get an attack of opportunity. Yes, you do. With the hammer. 24 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay, 15. Cool. That ends his turn. Keyleth. Right there. All righty. A 40-foot radius. This way, you mean? So Sleet Storm (boom) right in that area right there. So as you slam the ground, the ice begins to move around and all of a sudden the cold air begins to form this almost like mist as the temperature shift suddenly impacts the surrounding vicinity. The grass freezes in place, and you can see bits of ice and sleet begin to rain down in the vicinity. Good to know. Cool. All righty. So? That ends your turn. Vax. All right. Go for it. No. The additional action is not so much a potion. Greater healing is 4d4 plus four, yeah. All right, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. You can try and shoot either if you want to move over to the side and get a better view. On him? Okay. Okay go for it. 28 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage for the arrow. And you do an additional 2d6 radiant damage to Lord Briarwood. 2d6 radiant damage. Okay, good to know. So as the arrow impacts, (impact sound) he puts up his cloak to guard in time, as it goes (whooshing) through the cloak, you hear this (grunts) in pain as the arrow bursts, and as the cloak comes back, you can see this burning sensation across the front of Lord Briarwood. Where the flesh was healing and sewing itself up, that has been halted immediately by the impact of the holy water, which is beginning to pockmark and burn his flesh. Yes. That'll hit. That's your second holy arrow, right? Nice. Second one (impact) shatters and you can see now, like part of the jaw is hurt and wounded. (panting) There's this wild frenzy to his face as you can see Lord Briarwood is starting to look a little ragged. All right. That ends your turn. Lady Delilah Briarwood steps forward up to the back of her husband. She does. And against the spell, 'cause it's magic, she gets advantage. That would be an 18. What's the DC? Right, but it's against your DC of your spell. So yeah, she makes it. So she steps forward; almost slips, but catches herself on the shoulder of her husband and says, "My dear, I fear it's time that we make our leave." Casts Dimension Door. Both of them (whoosh) out of visible range. On him, yes. You sense that they're not that far from you. They're around the corner where you guys came from. As you guys rush around the corner you can see on the very edge of the cobblestone walkway, the carriage that they came in is now gaining speed-- 27 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 20 points of damage, all right. The wheel splinters and (grinding sound) is now coasting on the ground. The young gentleman who is currently on the top is looking over his shoulder, trying desperately to usher them away. Right now, they're about a hundred feet-- Trinket was over at the stables on the far back of the palace, unfortunately. Can you just shift it over there? Oh well no, it's concentration to keep it in the area. So you're casting Sleet Storm again. What's the range on it? 150 feet. The sleet storm lands down. The cobblestone becomes sleek; the carriage begins rocking back and forth. However, it does manage to keep on its course, currently; it does not get knocked prone. It's hard to knock a carriage prone, but it is sliding out of the way. Good call, actually. That is a two. (cheering) From a visual standpoint, you're about 60 to 70 feet from the front of this. The doors slam open and you can see Lord and Lady Briarwood step out. Hold on. As you've guys are just turning the corner. You can see now Lord Briarwood stands up and is trying to compose himself, ruffles himself up angrily, looking at his damaged circumstance. Lady Briarwood's against his shoulder and she goes, (clicks tongue) "Well, (sighs) at the very least, "I think you should come visit us sometime, Percy. You're always welcome back home. It'd be nice of "you to visit your family once in a while." Roll initiative. Just you. As you were the first action to take. 19? Go ahead and roll. Roll the attack for the exploding arrow. This is against Lady Briarwood? Yeah, 29'll hit. Yeah. Roll for your-- So 16 regular arrow damage? Okay, against Lady Briarwood. Cool. All right, and then for the additional blast that blows up it's additional 4d6 blast damage to her and they both get saving throws to try and halve it. So half damage to both of them. 11? So half that, six damage to each. She needs to make a concentration check. Advantage on that for war caster. Yeah, that's a 19. Okay. So (explosion), a portion of the outside of the carriage just blows apart. Wood shrapnel goes flying to each other side. As the smoke settles and the explosion, you can see, both Lord and Lady Briarwood are still standing there, seemingly unscathed by the event. She wraps her arms around him and whispers in his ear, "It's all right." And they both (whoosh) vanish in a swirl of arcane energy. You don't recognize it because right now you don't have the intelligence to really-- You walk over to the carriage driver, who is currently on the ground, this young man who's horribly hurt, part of his torso is burned, and he's like, (coughs, grunts). Trying to climb away. (gasping) "Please, please spare my life, please. What do you want from me?" (labored breathing) "About what?" (gunshot, screams) It's an easy enough hit, he's prone before you. Three of his fingers are blown off, and the bloody stumps. (gasps, grunts) Shaking. (panting) "I'm sorry. I don't-- look-- " "I am. You don't know what it's like. I had no choice." "Please don't, please." The rest of you are gathered, and you step out from the edge of the window and make your way with the rest of the crowd, and they're watching this display on the front of the palace. "Yes?" "He's gone. He's gone, sir. I'm sorry." "They're all gone. Sir, they all--" "I don't know." "I don't--" "Your family is gone, sir. They were taken. They were killed. I'm sorry." "They'll find me, sir. They'll kill me." And with that we're going to go to break. (yelling) Welcome back, guys. Couple of quick things before we jump into this. One, we are 38 subs from our next giveaway. Giveaway is for those who are active in chat, get a signed photo of the cast of Critical Role, as well as a signed piece of art, wonderful piece of art from our Kit Buss who's right here with us. It's pretty awesome, it's a wonderful piece of art of Keyleth transforming into an earth elemental and attacking K'Varn in the K'Varn fight. So yeah, we have that coming up. Also we have the winner of our shirt giveaway tonight. The winner is one Blair Beverage! (cheering) I was so scared. So. As you all begin to gather around on the front of the courtyard of the palace, you can see some of the guards start rushing out amongst the splinters of this carriage that has been royally destroyed by many of you. Yeah, you get the sense that there is no immediate danger. Okay. You guys currently are too engrossed with Percy currently pinning a young boy on the ground and shooting his hand off. He's currently like, "Please. What do you need? Just let me go. Please." Okay. 21, at the point of life he has left (whack). Yeah, he just (impact) falls and crumples to the ground unconscious, pool of blood forming. There are guards coming now from the palace. Well, not from the head but he is missing three fingers from one hand and is currently pooling. Okay, so taking care of that. He's unconscious. You guys all take a moment to breathe in and realize the danger that just transpired. The Briarwoods got away. God knows where they're off to. You gather somewhere back in their territory, on their own turf. And you all look about at the guards gathering, making questions, and there are now two guards very intensely harrying this tiefling that showed up out of nowhere and began aiding the battle. You see now, one guard has an arm going to your shoulder and says, "You, what's your name? What's your business "here? You do not have approval to be here at the palace." "I think we would notice a tiefling in our midst. You're under arrest. Throw her in the cell." The guard gives you a look and says, "As far as we know right now, you both, all of you, "attacked two of our guests in the center of our own palace. They managed to flee. We're going to "investigate this. Currently we're holding no one at immediate prison sentence for this, but--" Make an intimidation check. You do get a d6 inspiration dice. Well, if you already have Scanlan's, then that's all you need. All right. The guard looks at you for a second, then steps away. "I mean no offense, "understand we've had--" He relinquishes the hand on the side of the tiefling and says, "We're going to investigate "this. I mean no disrespect to you. You've been much aid to Emon. Just understand, this is a very "peculiar circumstance. Please, we'll call you when it's time to get your opinions and your "perspectives on the evening's events." "We need to go ahead and notify--" at this point you can see now, Tiberius, you've stepped up in front of the stairs as Allura comes rushing out to inspect everything and sees you. You can't even form language thoughts. You can give him an emotion. That's the most you can get to him right now Tell her what emotion? Okay. She steps forward and says, "Tiberius--" And you just breathe flame out and Allura steps back for a second, "Tiberius, are you all "right? You've been cursed by something. Hold on." She takes your head and holds you in place to calm you down. "Tiberius, calm yourself." And begins to inspect you, running her fingers up the side of your snout and like, "This is not good, this is very powerful magic. I don't know if I have "capability of doing this really, you need a cleric. Please, sit tight, stay right here." The rest of you, as the guards back away, you're left alone and the rest of the group are looking upon you in a curious way. You can make a medicine check, sure. Percy, go ahead and roll an investigation check Okay, yeah, there are definitely two puncture wounds on the side of his neck Most everything that would be of interest has been destroyed in the sheer force of the explosion. The carriage is in tatters. There's not much you can really glean from it, unfortunately. Time of night. Right now, it's probably cresting close to 1000 or 1100PM. I mean, (laughs) the temple is always there, per se. I mean, there are multiple temples in the city as well. The Sarenrae temple is the one you know best. At this point, as you guys are discussing, and you're already nervous that you're out in the open anyway. You're not under one of your various guises. You feel this warm bolt of heat in your upper torso area. And you guys watch as suddenly across the front of her chest, this strange, glowing, red eye-like sigil (flame noises) emblazons across the front and then slowly fades. You guys watch her visual image shimmer back into that of a servant. And even through the illusion there is still this dull, pulsating red, glowing arcane mark of an eye, that's slowly shimmering on the front of her torso. A voice rings out suddenly from behind you towards the palace. "All of you, stop your "business." And you look and you see there in his robes, Uriel, which you summoned, standing at the front of the palace. "Am I to understand there has been a scuffle with my guests?" You see now on the front steps sitting there next to Allura, who's cradling him, as he's unsure of what is happening. You do, yes. Uriel looks and says, "I'm certain there is some sort of explanation for this." "We will investigate. Look, the Briarwoods are esteemed guests of ours, and friends. So this "is going to be taken very seriously." "Then we shall have to have a conversation. For the time being, take care of this one. "Tomorrow, when the sun rises, find yourself back to the palace. I would very much like to speak "with you. This disturbs me." "You have. As have they." "All right." Go ahead and make a persuasion roll. "Very well, calm yourself, calm yourself." "Take care of her. We'll talk tomorrow. Bring me what proof you have. This is a very, very "serious thing you're discussing." You guys gather up-- Okay, you guys leap onto the back of Keyleth as she rides off. Allura takes Tiberius, takes you by the elbow, and leads you over the rest of the group as they ride off. "If you are, indeed, going to a cleric, perhaps you should take Tiberius with you. "He's not well." Seeker Asum currently is nowhere near this situation. All that are present, because many are now riding away on a horse. (laughs) But the rest of them get a fine licking. You all manage to make you way up to the temple of Sarenrae. The lantern light of the interior of the temple's main structure is low, as it is late in the evening. Nevertheless, the gates are always open. And as you enter, you are greeted by two clerics that are dressed in long, flowing yellow and gold robes, and there is one elderly cleric that you recall. The one that led the resurrection ritual on Pike. Not but almost a year ago actually. The two younger clerics step away as the older one steps forward. He's balding on top, this long straggly white gray hair that crests-- "There does appear to be arcane residue on this one. Yes, we could hope to cleanse him of "this. Come, enter. Light the lanterns." And the clerics all start turning up various lanterns, and the magical light source of it as soon as you enter the temple. A cold ripple sensation begins to curl on the back of your neck as you step in. As you do step in, too, the two clerics give you a look, and are uncomfortable with the presence. And as it has, you guys, through your travels, you have encountered very few tieflings, let alone on this continent. In fact, most you have met were in Vasselheim. This one in Emon stands out like a sore thumb and everyone seems to be just a little put off by her presence. That's right. Never mind, I retract that entire sequence. As she comes out of this feverish daydream, none of that happened. (laughter) Illusions. All right, so. As you guys enter the center of the chamber. He begins burning various incenses. As you step up, the cleric says, "Understand, these services are intensive in the "costs required to present them to you." (chuckles) The cleric "Oh no, that-- that's, that's very--" He says "For this one, we require a donation to the temple of Sarenrae of a hundred "gold pieces." He steps forward, and touches the side of your head on your temple and begins to focus. The symbol of Sarenrae begins to glow on the front of his clavicle. And suddenly, you can see these strange, gray veins that had wrapped around the sides of Tiberius's head retract, dissipate then fade, as intelligence swells back into your brain. And for the first time in at least the past half an hour or so, you are back to being Tiberius Stormwind. Okay. As you bring Vax forward, the cleric leans forward. "What is wrong with this one?" "Oh. The good news is, if you're standing here, then most of the danger is gone. However, "there might be some residual of the infection." He leans forward and inspects it for a second, reaches into his pouch and pulls out some herbs and presses them into it. It burns a little bit. Make a nature check. This is glissfoil. Glissfoil is used by many medicinal practitioners as a means of burning away infections and cleansing wounds. As he presses in, he looks to you. "As long as this doesn't get infected, it should be all "right. I assume, based on what you say, the nature of these wounds, that is some sort of--" "Vampirism." "From what I know of vampirism, it requires many tastes of your life force and bringing you to "the threshold of death and beyond to truly turn you." "Unless this is some unnatural thing beyond classic vampirism, you should be fine." "Certainly." He reaches into a pouch and pulls out a handful of glissfoil. It's like a dried yellowish green leaf that curls in itself a little bit and gives it to you. "There are rituals, but they take some time. If you'd like to leave it here, we could make use of "this and bless the contents of it, yes." "Unfortunately, it doesn't work that way. But should you require such blessing, we would be "happy to oblige." "For that amount there? Two days." "For this volume--" He looks at it for a second and says, "This is an enchanted vial, is it not?" "I'm curious to see how this will interact with the enchantment. We'll try. We'll put it at a "25 gold donation for the two days of enchantment." "Thank you." "Well, is there anything else I can do to help you this evening?" "That was a simple disinfection. There's no price for that. We're happy to heal here." "Pike Trickfoot?" This deep smile brings his face from this deep melancholy tentativeness to this warmth you hadn't seen before, and he goes, "I had not known that our lady had reach as far as Vasselheim." (offscreen thud) "It appears you've messed yourself." "I'm happy to hear that she has continued carrying her faith to distant lands, and that she "has recovered well since our last meeting." "Good." Make a persuasion check. He goes "Gilmore? I think I've seen that shop around." "Me and the clerics might have to go see it, then." "Good to know. Appreciate that. Nevertheless, sleep calls to me. I must get back to--" "Well, good night and adieu to you all." "Tristan." "Of course." He steps back. The lights dim on the inside of the temple as you exit. You guys step out into the cold night air on the streets of Emon. You look back at this point and you see, as you guys are reaching the outer wall of Emon, (galloping noise) behind you. (happy bear noises) Rubs up against you. (moans) Licks the side of your face. (sloppy bear noises) Roll an attack. Go ahead and roll a d4, divided by two. Two plus your strength modifier, which I believe is four. So you take six points of backhand, bludgeoning damage as Grog (whacking). The echo from the impact. As you guys are having this discussion, a voice rings out behind you and says, "Don't worry. "It's not going to help you." No. You turn around and look, and you can see a gentleman standing there about 25 feet away from you. You see dark brown and black studded leather armor with a cloak over one shoulder. Standing straight, with a grin. Deep dark red skin, burning yellow eyes and jet black, slicked hair between two horns that jut back. A tiefling stands there, looking forward, with two individuals flanking from side to side that are slowly stepping-- The tiefling, the male tiefling, steps up forward and says, "I've no quarrel with any of "you. We've been scouring this city for a fugitive for a number of weeks. And as luck would have it, "you guys happened to smoke her out of her hole." Okay. You guys are walking from the outside of the wall to your keep. Right now? They are coming from Emon. You guys are in this in-between section between your keep-- You are, yes. And we're going to go ahead and have you guys roll initiative. Keyleth started this. Right. Casting spells, generally, for most people is a bad idea. All right, so from a visual perspective here. Stoneskin's up on you, Anti-life Shell. Who is where? All righty. Trinket is over this side here. The prisoner was brought to your keep by the guards. Yes, you guys would be up that way. All right. As you look at this point, you notice the two individuals. To the left there is a sickly-looking older woman with dark, verdant clothing that flows and drags behind her. To the right is a shirtless humanoid with darker, scarred skin, very muscular, shirtless torso, wearing a white, featureless mask over the face. And they both curl to the sides. The initiative was... What's the initiative order here? So who got 25 to 20? All righty. 20? And 20 for you, as well? All right... Okay. 20 to 15? 19, nice. Grog, what did you get? 18. 15 to ten? 13. All righty. Percy? What'd you say, Keyleth, you got 11? All right. Is that everybody? Cool. We're good. So. As you (crash), how big is the radius of the Anti-life Shell? Not technically Grog, because Grog would be up front right there. So a ten-foot radius around you. And what does it do, Anti-life Shell? The top of the round, the Broker goes. Rolled a very high initiative. High dex character. Yep. "Sweet Lillith, you've been a very bad girl. Nefertiri, Nethspira, and Bellenore would "all like to have a word with you. They've paid quite a bit of sum, and proven legally you need "to be taken back. Now, to your friends here, it's your choice the easy way, or the hard way." "Choice is made." And with that, (whoosh) he vanishes from sight. That ends his turn. There was a casting, yes. All right. Go ahead and roll a d20. All right. It's a spell. Oh no, it just fails. You don't have to roll for this one, this is Invisibility. So as he goes to vanish, you "Oh!" as a reaction, pull out your Counterspell, and his image shimmers, and then returns. "Oh, that's not even fair." Very good. Well, he's then going to use his move action to shift over this way to there. All right, that ends him. Lillith, you're up. If you'd like to, yeah. All right, against which one? All righty, so he's going to go ahead and make his wisdom saving throw. What's your DC? All right. Go ahead and roll 4d10 psychic damage. This is blending in, because the spell usually triggers on the start of his next turn. This is you both going at the same time, and conjoining your Minor Illusion fear into hitting him with this spell and working. It's this combination of everything hitting at once. All right, and as that hits, you see, he looks at you, and his expression goes from glee to terror. And he's immediately reconsidering his decision here. Do you want to stay where you are, or do you want to move? All right, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. Tiberius, you're up at the same time. We'll go with Vex first. All right, Trinket (galloping sounds) rolls forward and (bear rolling sounds). Both of them try to move out of the way, they both get their dex save. All right, so Broker manages to pull out of the way just in time. However, the other, the big, thicker character doesn't quite have the dexterity to shift out of the way and takes the full impact. Okay. He suffers 14 points of bludgeoning damage as Trinket tears through. He is knocked prone. That's Trinket's attack. For how that works for you and your bear, because that's his attack this turn. Well, that's his attack. It's been a while since you attacked with Trinket. Once, right. You can make one attack yourself while commanding it, so you get one weapon attack. As Trinket goes by, since it didn't hit him, he gets an attack of opportunity on Trinket. Does hit. Trinket does take seven points of slashing damage from the Broker as he misses him and he hits as he goes by. He rolled a 21 to hit. 26 against the Broker? All right, go for it. All right. The Broker's going to make a concentration check. Maintains concentration. All right. As the arrow (whooshing) moves out of the way, hits the armor, and splinters past, not dealing any physical damage, but you see the Broker is now visibly shaken by the two members of the party and sweat is starting to bead. His confidence he strolled into is quickly failing. All right, that ends Vex's turn. Tiberius. Grog's in the way. You can barely see. Here? Right there it would hit both of them and not hit Trinket. Okay, so they both have disadvantage on their saving throws? Okay, cool. As you arc around the side, you release the one single beam of flashing red energy, sparks at the end of the finger, lobs forward. (explosion) With a gargantuan explosion, red flames swirl into the area, sending the whole area, the dark part of the night, open field alight. You see all the green, dried grass is immediately burnt to a black crisp. Go ahead and roll damage. What's the DC? Yeah, they both fail with disadvantage. Full damage. You can only use one metamagic option on a spell when you cast it. Oh interesting. Good to know. Thank you for the heads up. That's cool. I like that. 46. As the explosion bursts forth, the flames dissipate. You can see the Broker there looking angry, frightened. Immediately takes some of the flame... Okay. You vanish behind her, and as he pulls back the flames and then releases them they snake between everyone and go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. It is fire damage. Oh, okay, good thank you for the heads up on that. So you take half damage. The angry tiefling hits you with a Hellish Rebuke. It would be seven damage. You take half damage from fire, so that would be four fire damage as you take the Hellish Rebuke's burst of flaming, dark, arcane energy and (gulps) swallow it and take it in. You blow it out the side of your nostrils. And it burns, but damn does it look cool. Scanlan, you're up. Over here on this side, yeah. All right, so it's a wisdom saving throw on her end. What's the DC on that? Is it 19? Okay. So no, that does not make it. So what're you choosing? So she turns around, she's holding this gnarled wand in her hand, as she comes around she gives you this strange look and goes "What?" And falls unconscious on the ground asleep. You take a d10 inspiration dice. It makes you laugh. It's less of an attraction thing and more of a, "Oh, gnomes. They're so small." All right, that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. Yeah. You can get there. All right, so that's five foot wide, so it'll hit him and one of these, or her and one of these two guys. It hits something in a five-foot line. So you pull it out and as you throw it downward. The javelin goes from a metallic blade into a bolt of arcing electric energy that slams downward. Penelope does not-- not Penelope. You keep shouting it at me. The old woman on the ground gets no saving throw because she's unconscious and she takes double damage. So 4d6. The javelin arcs through and goes towards there, and then he does make his dexterity saving throw against that. He's a pretty dexterous guy. Right, so it takes a little bit of damage which was, what was it you rolled, was it a 14? So it takes seven points of lightning damage for that, and then make a ranged attack on the actual javelin. Oh, sorry. That was against the target, so since he was the target, he takes the impact. The lightning bolt arcs through the old woman. She (screams) shakes awake, screaming as the bolt arcs upward from the ground, and right before it goes toward the Broker, as he rears back in fear, it solidifies into the javelin as it once again slams into the front of his torso. He's like, (grunting, gasping). He pulls it out. Shakes it for a second, looking at it, confused. The guy gets up and only has a half move. On half movement, yeah. Runs up to you. As he does so you can see, holding on his side, gets up and goes bolting towards you, arcing around the side. Anti-life Shell. The Anti-life Shell does-- It was a ten-foot radius you said? Okay. So he's unable to, just runs forward, hits the barrier, skids past, hold his place there instead then. However, has a spear. Still rushes around with it, both hands on it, arcing towards you with it. That is going to be-- Well, that's okay, it rolled a three to hit, plus eight, that's going to be an 11 so no. It just (whiffing) It swings wide with the spear. This is going very poorly for them. All right, Vax, it's your turn now. All right, 18 against the Broker just barely hits. All right, that does hit, yeah. Constitution. He is going to fail that. All right, so you're staying where you are? All right. Percy, you're up. Okay, so right there? The Broker you see has like a shortsword out. He's currently tossing it and catching it. Or he's tossing it and catching it but like (grunts). He's having a bad day. The Broker was not prepared for Vox Machina. That's to the Broker? 16 points? That is doubling the dice? The Broker can't do anything. It already used its reaction. 19 hits. That, that was five shots. Well, all in all, it was six shots, but five hits. Yeah. That's okay (chuckles). First and foremost, How do you want to do this? (cheering) I feel bad for him. (laughter) (booming, gasping, coughing) Make an intimidation check with advantage. With a d6 inspiration dice. Okay. Standing there, smoking, giant hole, Tombstone style, in the center of his chest. There would be no dripping, except for the cauterization of the heat round that exploded in his chest and is a blackened, cinderous tube where once there was a chest cavity. The Broker (death rattle, thud) falls onto his back with a smoldering spiral of black smoke pouring forth from the chest wound on the ground. As you stare at the other two, screaming that out, you can see the old woman who's still on the ground. (panicked gasps) Looks extremely out of place and freaked out. The masked individual, from what you can tell behind the eyes of the mask, does not seem emotionally affected by this. It may. There is a slight vibration. That ends your turn? All right. The old woman gets up and is like, (panicked gasps). As a bonus action, casts Misty Step and appearing 30 feet over here. No. Because Misty Step happens. She stands up and vanishes in a swirl of vapor. She appears a little ways away in the field and immediately, (mumbles a spell). You would be able to, because it has been your turn, you would have your reaction back. So yes, you could. So go ahead and roll a d20. (laughs) So she (mumbles a spell, gasps). (laughter) Tries to run away, the slippery wet grass, she slips a little bit as she's trying to get away now. That ends her turn. Keyleth, you're up. All right. The Broker's not getting a turn. Lillith, you're up. You can begin using it, because it's a one-minute casting time. You have to get closer because you're probably a ways away. We'll say, from there you begin concentrating on Animate Dead as you begin pulling through and speaking in guttural tones that have multiple layers of tonality and volume. It's this weird symphony of discordant voices as she begins to speak. You can see now the smoking, ruined body of the Broker begins to shift and twitch on its own. So that'll conclude your turn, Lillith. Vex and Tiberius, you guys are up. Okay. The big guy? Yeah, that definitely hits. All right. Good to know. And so as you pull back the arrow and release it, there is that-- the way that you constructed it, there's just this pouch of very thick gooey-- is this the spell or is it the actual arrow constructed by Percy? Right, the one that he built? So what happens is that the front of the arrow, it doesn't do any actual damage on the impact. Instead what it does is it, when it smacks into it, there's a pouch in the front that detonates from the impact and sends this very quick-setting tar, like glue substance. That just spatters across the body and lower torso, it expands like a foam. There's no damage on that one, but it's currently (grunts) grappled by it and cannot move from its place. Okay. Go for it. Roll for an attack. What did you roll? Heh. It's funny-- mages don't have a lot of armor. Even with mage armor, you manage to hit her square in the back. Go ahead and roll damage. She goes (cries out) and stumbles, and catches herself and gets back up and you can see the arrow sticking straight up out of her back. Probably four inches into the back of her shoulder blade. Trinket growls (growls menacingly). She goes, (terrified shriek) and yelps out as the giant bear-- When we get to her turn. I'm saving it. What's Trinket's movement? Actually, I have it here. Trinket's movement is 40 feet. Okay, that's as far as Trinket can get right there. I have a little Trinket cheat sheet. Okay, Scanlan, you're up. The guy in the mask is currently grappled. His lower body is currently held in this weird tar-like substance. He's like, (grunts) trying to break free. You just choose somebody else to do it to, yeah. Let me see if you can. For another creature. But can't target a creature again-- oh, if it succeeded on a saving throw. You're right, so she can. So what do you want to do? Oh, that's right, sorry about that. So he waits for you to finish. But he can hold his turn. Yeah, she's within range. And what're you doing? That is a 17. Nope. (panicked breathing) Falls asleep on the ground. With the arrow (arrow twang) right out of the back. And you acquiesce to Tiberius. It's your go. All right, d10 inspiration die. Tiberius, it's your go. He's taken quite a bit of damage All right, Tiberius, what're you doing? She's currently asleep on the ground. This guy's like, (grunts). Nope, she's just out of the range. Okay. As you do it catches itself, spinning in the air up ahead of you, (spinning) this strange vibrating high-pitched whine sound as the blades are spinning in rapid circular motion. Okay. Go ahead and roll a spell attack roll. Yeah. It's also a critical hit because she's currently asleep. So it's an auto-crit. So go ahead and roll 5d4. A d4 for each dagger on the spinning blade, spinning at high speed. Plus five. Or 5d4 times two plus five. Yep. So just roll 5d4 and then multiply everything by two. So 26 plus five is 31 points of damage. The unconscious woman face down on the ground, the blade tears through and grinds a large wedge out of her back. Spraying a bit of gore across the nearby grass. Thankfully, she was asleep, so she probably didn't feel it, it was so fast. But she is definitively gone. I'll say for the sake of brevity at this point, because you have a glued guy, and the entire team pretty much at full health here, over time you all slowly gather around the guy who's glued to the ground. And he's fighting at first, (grunts) and you see he lowers his head, giving into his fate. At which point the head lifts he goes "No. Kill me, give me honor. I have fallen." All right, you pull the mask off-- At which point, you pop the mask off, and from immediately beneath it reaches up and covers the face-- You can the face beneath. It's humanoid, but right as you get past the nose and the mouth area, it's all melted, like a horrible acid burn. There's severe damage to the face. He looks at you and goes "Kill me. It's all I have." (angry growl) And it's flexing and reaching out at you but it can't quite get the range. It's going to attempt to try to-- no it just cannot break free of that (strained grunts). As you're still concentrating on the spell, slowly the Broker steps up, the eyes rolled back and white, the giant wound in the chest, hobbles towards you. As you pull your blade out, she commands and gives a hand motion, and the Broker hobbles towards her. You look down. The mark that was there on your chest has vanished. Upon the point of the Broker's death, whatever enchantment was placed upon you that was keeping you under his gaze was abolished. Turns around and starts shambling off. There is a mostly ruined set of studded leather armor that is enchanted, plus one. It's basic, but it's need of serious repair as it currently has a large gaping hole in the chest area. And a shortsword. Plus-one Vicious Shortsword. As Tiberius is pulling everything off of the corpse as it's trying to shamble away into the distance. Eventually, this half-naked ruined body of this tiefling begins stepping off into the night. (laughs) The old lady has mostly a basic wand. It's a plus-one wand. Plus-one Wand of the War Mage. A simple Ring of Protection. And about roughly 320 gold. Amongst the two of them. At this point in time, the other guy's exhausted himself now, just still in place. You see the Broker vanish into the shadows, heading southward. He gives you a look for a second. "I've been this my whole life. They gave me purpose. I follow "them, and you've hurt the Mistresses." Make a persuasion roll. 15. The tension in the muscles eventually relaxes, and the head hangs. "I know not for what "reason I live." (grunts) At which point there's a large cracking sound as the hardened foam breaks from one leg. (grunts) Breaks the other leg free and stands there now before you. "I will walk, and I will think. Perhaps I will drown." And he turns and starts walking towards the shoreline on the other side to the west-- The cold wind picks up as the night air begins to darken, a distant storm blowing over the horizon to the northeast. The time draws late and cold. All right. That will be our freeze-frame credit high-five for the evening. Thank you so much, Kit, for guesting with us this evening, and for coming out and visiting us. Travis and Laura have to run to catch a plane flight. You guys go, rock it out, safe flight. You guys are off to...? Go. Travel safe. Bye, guys. All right. As a note, just so you guys are aware, we had a contest yesterday about 530 in the afternoon during one of the streams. We had everyone who was currently present in the chat room be part of this random drawing, and the winner was a David Kingsbury, who won the opportunity to provide the name and essence of an NPC in our campaign. The Broker is actually their construction. The Broker was designed by one of our viewers, one of our Critters. We're hoping to do stuff like that every now and then in the future to bring in some Critters to throw their creative mind in here and incorporate a character into our world. My heart's been going a mile a minute that entire game, because no DM wants to have to kill a player. Yeah, it's pretty harsh. The internet was very vocal.