Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons and occasionally leave sobbing messes. Tonight's going to be a very interesting episode. Before we get into that, let's go ahead and coast through our announcements so we can get to the actual game at hand. First and foremost, we want to thank our sponsor for many weeks still going, Loot Crate! Thank you so much. Sam, did you have something prepared? Scary Stark Industries. I forgot he was in that movie. Yeah, you were. (laughs) Great! Thank you, Sam. Next up on the list, I will actually be down in San Diego tomorrow for the first day of TwitchCon. I have a panel in room FrankerZ. It's at 630 to 730pm about GMing roleplaying games on Twitch. It's going to be me, Adam Koebel, Chris Perkins, a bunch of great people that run a lot of great RPG programming on Twitch. We're going to be talking about our experiences running it, answering questions, all that fun stuff, so if you're already down there or you're in the San Diego area, come tomorrow and say hi at the panel at 630. It'll be awesome. Oh, totally. No, never. 630pm in FrankerZ, I think is the room, unless I'm reading the emails wrong. That's the only room information I was given. FrankerZ is the guy who's sending me the emails. Anyway, speaking of fun news, Laura, you wanted to mention something about some things up on the store? It is, no joke, the most comfortable hoodie I've ever owned. I was a little worried when we started doing actual wearable merch, I was like, it's going to end up being that chintzy stuff that we don't want to hawk, but I'm actually really happy that it came out pretty high-quality. What? Anyway, anything else you want to talk about? Nope, then let's go ahead and get into tonight's episode of Critical Role! [dramatic music] Different guy. You, in searching these artifacts, found that one in the city of Ank'Harel had been taken out from under your nose by a long-forgotten NPC named Ripley. You know what I mean. You gave chase down to the Glintshore Island of the Hespet Archipelago, and upon storming the beaches, destroying her ship, you walked into the jungle, where an ambush turned into folly. You charged into what appeared to be a couple of illusions. As the floor detonated beneath you, setting you across the ground and starting an encounter with snipers in position, at half-health and below for most of you. You gave a very good fight and still managed to push through. Unfortunately, Dr. Ripley, with the reveal that she has now bound herself to Orthax, the shadow demon that once plagued Percy's inspiration and nightmares, bent on vengeance, managed to take him, slay him, and leave him cold on the ground. As a group, you did manage to dissect Dr. Ripley very aggressively and get vengeance back for your friend. But where we left off, you'd just let the adrenaline and the shock of the moment hit you as Ripley's breath expends and a tiny tree begins to try and break and grow from her corpse on this parched land. So. What do you want to do? All right. With a heavy thud sound, her hand is jettisoned from the wrist, her left hand, as it scatters across the broken glass floor of the center of the jungle here in Glintshore. Fair enough. Kynan is still standing there, the adrenaline wearing off of him. And he's at a good 15, 20-foot distance from all of you just standing. (stammers) He looks down and he seems to have dropped it after everything that transpired. And he picks it up and holds it. "Take it." He throws it to your feet and it spins and scatters and comes to a halt at the tip of your boot "I didn't mean for any of this to happen." "I wouldn't blame them, either. Look, after we met, I was hurt. I was angry. I knew I could be "someone, despite what you told me, and I could prove it, prove that I was worth your attention. "And I left Emon and my home to seek that destiny and I'm sure many of you did the same." "You don't know what I've been through!" "Look, when she picked me up in Kymal, she taught me a lot. I learned a lot. She also told me "that you weren't who I thought you were. When everything went down in Emon, with the dragons. "She said you did that!" "You were responsible for it. She had me listen in to a conversation where you admitted "that it was your fault." Go for it. He seems emotionally on the brim of a complete nervous breakdown, but he's holding his ground. His hands are shaking in place as he stands staring at you with the look of a man on the precipice. "Well, we went back to the cavern to set up, but you got here too quickly--" "Only a few hours." "We have a few people on the ship." "Well, I would ask for a chance to redeem myself, but I am also beginning to understand what "I've done. And I accept whatever judgment you see fit. Just know that-- just know that "I've been very confused." (whispering) "How can I help?" "Whatever you want me to tell you. I know a little bit. Anything, just let me know." "Okay." Okay, so you sense as part of your paladin ability. Divine Sense, I believe it was? Yeah, as you guys are going through Ripley's things, you do sense there is a pulse of fiendish energy emanating from somewhere near Ripley's body. Who's inspecting Ripley's body? A few things you find as you rummage through. You find about 1,051 gold pieces. Two weeks of rations, some of which appear to have been dampened and will probably be gone soon. You do find the cloak. The dagger that Kynan used still lays to the ground. No, it was handed to you, so you have it right now. There is what appears to be a small polished grey stone with a couple of runic symbols carved into it. You also find what appears to be a small leather case, a long thin case about that long, that is latched shut. And her gun. Which is similar to Percy's Pepperbox, but thinner, longer, more refined. It's a deep gunmetal gray color with brass sections and what appear to be portions of whitestone built into it. As she pulls the gun out, you immediately know that that's the direct source of the fiendish energy. Yeah. It's a slow-growing tree. It's only about six feet tall. It wouldn't be large enough to use her spell through it. This is the remnants of a Fenthras death. There are a few large jungle trees, like I mentioned before, that have managed to find root and grow in this jungle. It'd be like one healthy tree for every 50 that are burnt, charred, and petrified. There are trees available in this jungle that in theory could be used for that spell, if you had it available to you. Make an intelligence check. With plus two because of your Jack of All Trades. Add your intelligence modifier plus two. 18? That might not work for most spells. (laughter) He's still considered a creature. It's just a dead creature. Okay, yeah. As Trinket emerges from the necklace, his unconscious form hits the ground, laying on the side. As you walk up and place your hand, still breathing, and your warm touch presses across his fur and the breathing inflates into one deep breath and then (bear noises) the head leans up and begins licking your hand as you finish the casting of the spell. Go ahead and roll hit points for Trinket. You also do notice, Vex, on the gun, it has across the handle, the bottom of the handle, the name of the weapon, which is named Animus. And across the barrels you now see there are three empty barrels and three that still have names. The names are Rictor Wells, Oz Grud, and King Bertrand Dwendal. Rictor Wells, Oz Grud, and King Bertrand Dwendal. Apparently all people that Ripley in some way, shape, or form felt vengeful towards. "That's what she used to listen in on you guys." No. It's a very different enchantment. This one looks a little simpler, and upon looking at it there's no magic left in it. You did disenchant the other side of the enchantment, of her old gun. Okay, as you open the cap on the edge of this leather casing, you pull it open. You see it's essentially a side scroll case. On the inside, there is a single tightly wound piece of parchment. The smell immediately is very musty and old with a hint of burnt wood. And yeah, there's some sort of parchment that is tightly coiled in there. "That was something we found in the cave when we got here. But she quickly grabbed it and put it away and wouldn't tell us what it was." "I only got to the outside of it. I was standing guard." "No." "Maybe a couple of miles. It's at the base of the mountain." Okay. Make an arcana check. Well, you add it to all ability checks and skills you're not proficient in. 14. That's fine. That's enough. Yes, it is a Scroll of Gate. Yeah, you are an arcane caster. Consider this is an extremely powerful spell that has a lot of various uses, so consider. Just so you know what it's capable of, I'm going to read you some of the spell here. So Gate, just so you know You conjure a portal linking an unoccupied space you can see within range to a precise location on a different (or the same) plane of existence. The portal is a circular opening which you can make five to 20 feet in diameter. It lasts for up to a minute. The portal has a front and back on each plane where it appears. It would be between planes essentially. I would say if you wanted to use it as just a teleportation circle, you could, but it's a waste of a 9th-level spell. Comparatively to what she can do with Tree Stride and other things like that. Deities and other Planar Rulers can prevent portals created by this from opening in their presence. When you cast the spell, you can speak the name of a specific creature. A pseudonym, title, or nickname doesn't work. Specific name of a creature. If the creature is on a plane other than the one you're on, the portal opens and pulls them through to you. So it has a lot of various uses. You can bring a lot of things through on that, instantly, for better or for worse. At this point, maybe 20, 25 minutes. You could do that. Just half an hour to an hour. You can do that. So you guys take a short rest now to use any of your hit dice to go ahead and heal up. And Scanlan's giving Song of Rest, so you get an additional-- 1d12 to each one of you guys on top of whatever you're healing. He's a bloody mess. But at the same time, there is a strange look of peace on his face. It both comforts and upsets you. And you have a hard time concentrating on the face. You're just focusing on the body as you clean him and make him look as good as you possibly can using Druidcraft and other spells at your disposal. Make an investigation check. 15. All right, you find, let's see... you find 620 gold pieces total across all the bodies. You find two pistols, two rifles. There is also a long-barreled Bad News-like rifle that was discarded across the battlefield by Ripley earlier in the fight. It's busted. There is a greatsword and a set of full plate that were on the goliath that you battled. Full plate, yes. You find a total of 185 rounds of small ammunition. And about 26 rounds of large ammunition for the rifles. You find a potion of superior healing on the smashed corpse of the wizard that didn't get a chance to use it before it fell to its horrible death. That's a really good one. A set of Bracers of Defense, plus two, which I think you've encountered previously. So you can write that down. And yeah, that's all you find on the corpses. It's a plus two. They do need to be attuned, I'm pretty sure. Let me double check. I'm pretty sure they do. Yeah. And you have the cloak, and you have the dagger at your disposal, and the gun. If you wanted to take the time to inspect them during the short rest. Okay. So. While he's doing that, you guys go off to the cave? Okay. Is Kynan staying behind with you guys? Okay. Go ahead and make an investigation check. He does, yeah. It takes you the better part of 30 minutes or so, but the needle in the haystack was not as hard a search as you thought, and you find it wedged between two branches back in its hard onyx form. Unscathed, seemingly, from the explosion. All right. You guys, because you're going to check for traps as you go? Go ahead and roll an investigation check. Okay. Making your way through, there don't appear to be any traps in your way. And as you wind through the path, and there is a walked path following the tracks of the people who had set up the ambush for you and heading towards the mountain where Kynan had pointed earlier. You do eventually, and also watching your sister above, and you can see the entrance to this. There is a large volcanic-mouthed cavern at the bottom of the mountain before it meets the edge of the jungle. You get to it, and it's about 40 feet by 20 feet initially. And it quickly funnels down. All the rock in here, by the way, is very dark, broken, porous volcanic texture. It looks like this mountain at one point in time may have been volcanically active, or at least, may still be, and there isn't sign of any recent activity. There's no smoke. There is a heavy sulfurous smell as you get close and actually begin to enter the front of the cave. Do you guys continue forward into the cavern? Yeah. There's no light source. You guys can still see up to a certain distance okay without light. Little bit of torch light. Okay. Go ahead and make your investigation check. Okay. As you instead are distracted by the flaming side of the arrow, her lobbing it, and suddenly her eyes just glazing over white. It catches you off guard, the first time really seeing this happen, and so you weren't even paying attention to the rest of the cavern. You all of a sudden are having an immediate first-person of the very tip of the arrow coasting through darkness. The fire itself crackling around you like you're wreathed in flame. You can hear the flame licking past your ears almost as you pass through the wind of this still tunnel air. Eventually, coming down, you can see the tunnel condenses and then turns sharply right and you scatter against the rock, fall to the side. We'll see where it lands, actually. Okay. You hit the ground and ahead you can see with a little light that the tunnel splits into two, but there is... There's detail to the walls that doesn't look natural. There is some idea of construction here. There is structure. Someone has refined elements of the interior of this tunnel. That's the best you can make out with the arrow's placement. Okay. As you guys continue following the path that the arrow did, the tunnel winds back and forth a bit. It pinches and then curves quickly to the right, where you find the arrow still lying there. Roll a stealth check. Make an investigation check, while you're stealthing. It seems safe. Are you stealthing, as well? Okay. The two of you pushing forward, the cavern divides to the right and left eventually. To the right was what you got the glimpse at. To the left, it just continues, the same kind of porous rock. And it's like a volcanic tube, that general erosion built a floor that's a little less wide than the walls, which are spherical in shape. Other way. To the right, where the tunnel curves off, you can see what appear to be smoothed-over walls, where it's been just either ground down. They're not perfectly flat but there has been some amount of effort put in making it a smooth-walled structure. That same burnt sulfur smell is stronger the deeper into the mountain you go, but not to the point where it's forcing you to cough. You do feel a little bit of burning in the lungs from proximity. There are a few footfalls going through the dust. Very hastily. They're like jogging-paced footfalls. And even just from some of the tracking you've done previously in the day, some of these footfalls are of the people that you encountered earlier, including Ripley. Okay. And carefully stepping forward for the next ten minutes or so, it goes from a slightly curved and bunched rock formation into a singular long tunnel that has been pushed into the mountain itself. And it abruptly comes to an end. In here, the soft, ashy dust that once formed the floor has given way to crunching of thousands and thousands of tiny bone shards. And you see before you what appears to be a cluster of hundreds of skulls that are built up into one altar-like platform. Everything here is burnt. And elements of this look like a large fiery event transpired in here that destroyed much of what once was a more structured interior. And this altar, while it remains in place, it look like it suffered severe damage in the past. The skulls and rocks that are there, most of them are broken, cracked and thrown against the walls. This looks very old. It looks like this place hasn't been touched in a very long time. Investigation check. You don't find anything that resembles a teleportation circle. What you do find is in the altar. It appears that there was a compartment that has since been opened up that is left vacuous and empty. It appears to have been recently disturbed. And once you do that, looking at the little bit of ashy soot that was on the outside of the scroll, you do get the sense that that was probably what was taken from this altar. Eventually, you guys make your way back to the rest of the camp. You've cleaned up Percy to the best of your ability. You've gathered all the materials from all the other corpses around the battlefield. You and Kynan return with your onyx dog. What are you going to do? Okay. It's a little ways south of the island, but it was at the ready. All of its various arbalest setups are still ready for war. They're basically just waiting for your guys' order to come and attack. As you come to the edge, you see Captain Damon immediately rush up and goes, "We saw some sort of explosion on the island. Is everyone all right?" Immediately his expression drops, and he steps on to the back of his heels and drops his hands in front of him in a very business-type setup. "I'm sorry." "Where are you going?" "Very good. I guess, if you need me and my crew, come find us in Ank'Harel." "Safe travels. Crew!" And he starts shouting out to the rest of everyone on the deck. As you coast off, you hear him shouting at a distance over the wind, "We're going home. "Whatever that is these days." You hear the flare of various magical crystals. The vibration creaks. They glow a brighter blue as the ship turns around. "Explain." "We're outfitted to take down relatively dangerous prey, but--" "I mean no offense here, and the honorable goal is fantastic, "but I also have a crew to feed." Make a persuasion roll. "We'll learn the details later, but I'm happy to help. Convincing them will take some "coin, but where would you like us to go?" "I've not been there, but I can figure it out." He looks over, and you can see Teera, who is the halfling with the rotted teeth, comes up and goes, "I know that's by the Alabaster Sierras. I can get us there." "All right." She bows her head and backs away, uncomfortable with the tension of the situation. Captain Damon goes, "We'll meet you in Whitestone." "Safe travels." The ship continues making its way southward, turning around slowly to start turning more northeast direction. You guys watch as you see the ship go overhead from the island, heading in the opposite direction of Ank'Harel. Eventually, Vex makes her way back to your location on the island. Okay. As you summon Scanlan's Magnificent Mansion, you all come to a familiar space, spectral servants waiting to wait on you. But the somber atmosphere still remains. You find your way to your respective rooms, and if there's anything you'd like to do before the evening's rest, now's the time to speak up. All right. You take that and cover him up and put him currently to rest on the ground. Kynan is still by the door. "Yeah." "Of course." He doesn't say anything. You guys take an evening's rest within the mansion. You recover half of your hit die. Whatever your maximum hit die is, you recover half that for the evening's rest. You're at full hit points, and your spells are returned to you. Grog is at level 15, so you would get back eight of your hit dice that you've spent. All right. What's the plan? As you guys make your way to the front door, you see Kynan is leaning against the wall of the front, his knees pushed to his chest. He hasn't slept. He has big bags under his eyes. He's just staring at the floor. He's not reacting. He acknowledges as you place it down. He doesn't drink any of it. He stands up slowly and just follows you like a ghost right now. What's the plan? It doesn't take you long. You've seen a few that'll work in your initial travel into the jungle here. You find one thick jungle tree that's probably 35 feet up, slightly curving at the top, one of the few living trees in this forest. It's a nice wide solid trunk, so it's perfect for you to do this. As you all gather around, making sure you have everything you need, Keyleth, you reach out, touch, and mark the space where the doorway is to open. As you finish the casting of your spell, the bark of this striated palm tree-type structure falls away into the entrance. On the other side, you can see that brief, hazy glimmer of a cloud-covered day at Whitestone. You all quickly rush through, one after another. Portal closes behind as you all stand now leaping outside of the Sun Tree in the center of the main town square in Whitestone. It is getting close to... The sun is setting. It's later in the afternoon, evening. All right. There is still that faint shimmer on the sky above you. As you guys arrive, a number of people who live in Whitestone-- As you guys begin walking away from the Sun Tree, you can see a bunch of townsfolk and some guards begin to walk up to greet you, and be like, "You've returned--" Immediately, the energy is felt and everyone steps away and gives you space as people begin to see the limp body of Percival being held over Grog's shoulder. "Right away." The guard rushes off up towards the Castle Whitestone. Are you guys walking towards the Castle Whitestone, as well? There is a temple being built here, yes. No. The temple would be within the city itself. Pike, you who have been suffering a very sleepless night, feeling some amorphous heartbreak that you haven't been able to define yet that has prevented you from closing eyes without spells of sudden anxiety and sadness, hear the voice come peeking through, and the immediacy of Vex's tone is both comforting and immediately confirming a terrible fright that you've had lingering at the back of your mind. You guys beeline there. The temple is still under construction, and construction's been slow due to the scenario that currently exists on Tal'Dorei. Many folks instead are putting a lot of energy toward defenses and training in case anything bad happens in Whitestone. There are a few worshipers that have converted to Sarenrae and are helping, but Pike is still the central place of what is a basic stone structure that is slowly being outfitted. As you approach, it's pretty much a hovel, but is making its way. As you approach, you can see the front door open, and there Pike's form, long silver- and gold-colored evening wear, her hair tousled around her face, the little bit of wind that's blowing through causing it to tumble against one chin. She looks out the rest of you with sadness across her eyes. You all make your way into this room. There are two other people that are helping around. They're general townsfolk. They're not heavy into any specific use aside from cleaning and helping construct. But they bring a large table out, and you guys set Percy on top of it. There are two spells at your disposal. There is Resurrection, which is a 7th-level spell. It costs a diamond worth 1,000 gold, which the spell consumes. Or there is Raise Dead, which is a 5th-level spell, which consumes a diamond worth 500 gold pieces, but the target has to have been dead no longer than ten days. The same thing, but the person could have been dead for up to a century. I would say, being a 7th-level spell, I would give a very faint modifier, depending. Okay. Whole. With both spells, he comes back whole. If it works. Okay. Pike, you begin to set the stage for the ritual. You begin to pull out the sage. This temple, as simple as it is, but simple is the nature of Sarenrae, one who does not have much worshiping influence in this world. You know that she requires just enough, and the faith is stronger than the presentation, but you pull out the best you can all the offerings that are necessary. You scrawl out the various divine runic symbols that represent healing, that represent connection to one's divine entity, that represent stalwartness and strength of heart, that represent love and family, everything you can think of that really binds this ritual to the moment. As you guys are sitting around to prepare, you begin the incantation of the ritual. The first stage allows you to reach out and make contact with the spirit wherever it is. After five minutes of searching, you have no way of locating it. The spirit, currently-- something is blocking it. You know it's out there. You can sense that there is an essence of Percival, but it's like it's blurred and there's something blocking it. The ritual's unable to reach out. You may have to think about it. As Keyleth hands you the gun, that strange blockage becomes crystalline. What was once a dark spot that was preventing you from clarifying your vision is now a clear patch of shadow. Having seen this once before, Orthax is indeed blocking the ritual and is currently hungrily feasting on the soul of Percival. I would say, Pike, make a religion check, and make an intelligence check, Scanlan. Actually, yes, you can, as well. Holding this, the essence of Orthax, a shadow demon like this. Orthax was not destroyed and sent back to his plane. Orthax cannot be sent back to its plane when it's bound to whatever its crux is. Whatever object that Orthax has used as its focus holds it in this plane and it cannot be destroyed on its plane while it's attached to that object. The gun right now is essentially the anchor that Orthax is using. Destroy the gun or find a way to break the connection. You want to try a Greater Restoration spell, is that what you're saying? Yeah, that's what she did for-- What are you doing, Pike? You take Animus from her, the pepperbox, and even holding it there is this dark weight to it. It feels like lead and cold in your hands. As you concentrate, channeling the divine druidic energies that currently you're focusing into it, your vision comes to a similar dark, shadowy mass that Pike had seen during the attempt at the resurrection ritual. You can see there is indeed a connection, there is a tangible gateway between this weapon and Orthax, the shadow demon. There, enveloped in the darkness, you can sense in your heart of hearts that's where Percy lies. As you begin to focus on Greater Restoration, you begin to feel the nature of the curse that binds him to it. And you reach out in this space. You guys watch as Keyleth reaches out into the air of nothing, but within your sight and your vision, you can see that thread, and you grasp it. As you hold it with your fingers, you feel it fight. You watch as Keyleth's hand bolts around with nothing in her grasp. You hear the voice whisper, "No! No, I finally have him. I finally--" And with that, you snap with your fist. The shadow screams and vanishes and there you see a brief glimmer of light, the remaining spirit of Percival as it drifts off into the Astral Sea. The spell finishes. The gun itself, you guys see a flash of shadow around it, and it dulls. All the names on the side vanish as well. The barrels are now clean. Okay. As you go back into this ritual, that blockage is gone now, and you can see, clear, the somewhat tattered-around-the-edges, but whole and existing soul of Percival. The ritual makes connection, and with that, that coldness becomes a warmth and a familiarity as you reach out and implore the spirit to take your attention and come back. Now, who wants to aid in this resurrection ritual? Who has something to offer as a part of this skill challenge? Inspiring whoever wants to be part of the ritual, yeah. You can go ahead and inspire. Sure. Go ahead and make an investigation check. 25. You start rummaging through his coat and you find his gun, Retort. You find a bunch of random bullet casings and bullets. You find a cluster of papers and notes that are folded up in a small book, and what appears to be a partially sealed letter with no name on it. You eventually find some of the whitestone glass, the green glass that you guys had flashed around in Ank'Harel. The raven skull is still on him. It hangs around his neck, yeah. All right. What do you want to offer to the skill challenge for this event? Something that you as an individual bring to this and bring to the connection to Percy to try and-- Make a persuasion roll. I trust you. Okay. Who else wants to add something to this ritual? If you want to inspire Pike, Pike could attempt to bring something to the ritual and then could use your inspiration die on top of what her check is. So how do you inspire? All right. You have a d12 inspiration die, Pike. What do you want to try and bring to the ritual on top of your casting the spell to draw him back? What do you want to bring to the ritual? I know. You being the pious woman you are, what you've used in the past, religion has been optional. Your connection with Sarenrae in this is important. If there are other skills you can think of that you'd want to bring to this, as well, that you're good at that would fit this circumstance. You can try anything. How well it fits will depend on how high the difficulty class is. I'll let you, yeah. All right. Roll a d10. Let me know what you roll first. What'd you roll? Okay. Sarenrae is with you, but the intervention, the Divine Gate that separates the gods from the Prime Material Plane still stands. She's lending what energy she can in this moment. Imploring to her and the connection you do have through the Divine Gate, I want you to go ahead and make a religion check. Roll a d20 and add your religion modifier. Okay. Do you want to add your d12 inspiration from Scanlan? All right, gotcha. One final skill challenge check to make. Who wishes to add to this? I'm going to say between the two of you on that, I need you to make a charisma ability check. With advantage because of Vax helping you. This is in particular a challenge for you because persuasion's already been used. You as your point of leadership and strength of character, you're piercing through the veil and through the ritual to appeal to him as a person to another through sheer force of charismatic persuasion. With advantage. Adding your charisma bonus. 19. You feel, Pike, the ritual begin to culminate. The divine energies lent to you by Sarenrae fill your form, and you watch as Pike's physical form now seems to overlap her divine form you've had at a distance. She is this radiant golden image of herself, the same golden wings flaring up around her. You watch as Percy's body begins to rise off the table, the arms and legs limply hanging underneath, the chest rising up. The light from Pike begins to create a small well of divine energy that spirals down into his chest and blasts through him and the table. The table itself cracks beneath him, yet he still remains aloft as the energy hits. The energy fades. The ritual completes. The room grows still and cold and dark once more. Pike's divine form disperses into golden feathers that drift and disappear across the wooden floor. Percy's body slowly lands onto the table. Stillness. Stillness. (inhalation) Breaths begin to fill his chest once more. Unconscious as he is, life is slowly returning to Percival, as is color. His pale skin pale as it's ever been, but now slowly stirring. I'll take a picture of that just so everyone knows. Still unconscious. Percival! Get back in your chair. Let me tweet out the photo real fast. Actually, this would be a great time to go ahead and take a break. We're going to go ahead and go take a quick break. Those were some good rolls, man, and apparently a convincing-- I was literally waiting for a text from Taliesin to let me know, based on how the ritual went, whether or not Percival felt it was enough to bring him back, even if it would have succeeded. We'll be back here in a number of minutes. All right, guys. We'll see you here in a few minutes. [break] Yes, you can. His glasses are cracked. At which point, the door slams open and Cassandra's there with what appears to be Seeker Asum and a couple of the guards from Whitestone. "Where is he? Is he all right?" "Oh, he's all right." (laughter) She walks up to you at the table and leans over and, "Stop getting into trouble, brother. "Please?" She runs her fingers through your hair a couple of times and looks down. Her stern expression melts into a warmth and appreciation. And she feels the coldness of the body and goes-- You can see her putting together the setup, the ritual, your emotional state and the damp cheeks. She looks over towards you, Pike, and nods and says, "Thank you." "Get some food in you and stop being so bloody useless," and slaps you upside the face and turns around and leaves the temple. Roll an insight check. Pike, roll a deception check. What'd you roll? Pike, what'd you roll a deception check? She's lying through her fucking teeth, Grog. So you go and heal him up. You guys make your way back to the castle. The guards are there waiting. As you enter, you can see there, sitting in the foyer, talking and discussing, is Jarett and Gilmore, who both look a little nervous and intense about apparently recently hearing what happened. As soon as you enter, Gilmore turns. "I take that as a good sign. He's standing." "Oh, come here, you white-haired fool!" Then he runs forward and lifts you up with a hug that hurts so much. He holds you up for a second and sets you back down. "I know that hurt." (laughter) You'd be at one. Okay. Gilmore goes, "I see you've also been prolific. Here, let me have a look." He takes the cloak and folding it over his hands, you see the sparkle of energy through the blue inside of it. He's like, "Very interesting." He puts his hand over it, and his eyes flare with arcane energy. "This is indeed "Cabal's Ruin, one of the Vestiges of Divergence. Well, to be specific about this once attuned "to whoever's wearing it, you have advantage on saving throws against spells and other magical "effects, which is pretty badass, if I do say so myself. Also, when you're hit by some sort of "asshole's spell out there, you can use your reaction to have the cloak swallow part of it. "You halve the damage you take from the spell, if there's any damage to be taken, "and the cloak gains a number of charges equal to the spell level of the triggering spell." It's the filter of game rules. You don't get a Vestige now! You get Whisper, Keyleth. (laughter) It gains a number of charges equal to the spell level that you absorb. Up to a maximum of six charges can be stored in the cloak. So, six charges. If you have the cloak on and you hit with an attack, you can expend any number of charges from the cloak to deal an additional 1d6 lightning damage per charge. Yeah, onto an attack that you deal with the cloak. That's what Cabal's Ruin does. No. In fact, it doesn't channel through spells. It channels through physical attacks. Melee weapon attacks is how the enchantment works. "What do you mean? I'm doing fantastic." "It's a little rough, but it's okay." (chuckles) "I'm doing my job just as you are. "I mean, you all look tired, exhausted, and emotionally drained. So do I! "So I think we're all doing our part." (chuckles) "Ah, yes." "Thank you. I appreciate that." "Well, thank you. When all this is done, I should go visit. It's been a while." "Taken a while." "Give me your dagger." He takes it, runs his fingers on the blade. The slight curvature to it out there to the point. He does his Identify. Forged with a mercurial metal pulled from the Far Realm. Light dances and shifts across this curved blade. It has a plus three bonus to attack and damage rolls made with the dagger. It also deals an additional 1d8 psychic damage on a hit. Whenever Whisper is thrown, you can choose to transform into shadow and merge with the blade, teleporting instantly to wherever the blade impacts. Which means you can teleport as far as you can throw the dagger, which is the max range of the dagger. Yeah, so 60 feet, you go wherever it throws to. If the target is a creature, you emerge adjacent to the target in a space of your choice around the creature. Whenever you critically hit a creature with an attack with Whisper, the target has to make a wisdom saving throw against a DC 18 or become frightened of you for one minute. It's up to you guys. Yeah. The minute you throw and hit something, it immediately teleports you if you choose. It doesn't have to happen. You could throw it, and then it hits the ground and you stay where you are if you want to, but if you choose, you can travel with the blade and essentially appear Nightcrawler-style in shadow next to whatever you hit. You have to be attuned to Whisper, yeah. "If there was anything else you need me to look at, I still have "a full score of simple tricks." "Is there anything else you want me to look at before I go to bed, because it's late." At this point now, the sun has gone down. It's, I'd say, nine in the evening. He takes the music box. Eyes flare up. "No, it's an impressive music box." Marquesian, but yeah. "Don't pronounce it, please. It's offensive. Huh. Well." He blushes a little and closes it. "I think it found the right owner." "It's an instructional guide. You might learn something." "Maybe you start taking classes in Marquesian." (chuckles) You scan through real fast, and yeah. You only got a little ways into the book when you first looked at it. In the center, there's probably a good 30 pages of really beautiful old-- it's essentially the Kama Sutra. (laughter) "Yes? I'm glad to hear everyone is doing okay, and it's good to see you here in one piece. "How was your journey?" "Right!" "If you brought some, yes." "That is a lot of fusaka. Thank you very much. That lasts a long time." "You paid 50 gold for this?!" "Oh, you got swindled, my friend!" (laughter) "Well, thank you." "Great! I'll give you some tips on how to prepare it, but you know what? I'll cook "a classic Marquesian feast in the coming days for all of us in thank you for the spice." "Yes?" Who's been ghosting you guys the whole time, looking extremely nervous. "All right. A friend of you is a friend of ours. You are able-bodied?" Kynan is taken aback by the whole thing. His eyes are wide, still staring at you. Slowly, he starts talking out the side of his mouth to Jarett. "Yes. Anything. Whatever I can do." Jarett walks up and puts his hand on his shoulder and goes, "Well, first off, you need to be more "assertive. You are talking like a sniveling coward. You need to project your chest, shoulders "back, and when you speak, you speak with intent and-- ah, it's late. We'll work on it tomorrow." "Oh! Before I forget, this came for you, Keyleth." "Traders came in. A parcel in your name. Don't know who it's from." "I don't know. They were sent from Westruun, I think it was." Read the letter first. Make an insight check, Vex. Looking at handwriting and the way it's scribbled out, the scribble is hastily, and little bits of text that come through, it appears that they are just thoughts that he may have felt uncomfortable putting in the letter after writing them out, and then scratched them out. There doesn't appear to be any serious agency or danger around them. It's getting later in the evening, close to 10pm, comparably, even though you guys woke up maybe three hours ago. Physically, you're sore and you're drained. The essence of the ritual and the following healing spells-- you're physically whole, but there is a very physical toll on you from the ritual as well. No, but you feel like a walking bruise, and every movement of your body is fraught with such physical exhaustion that you haven't felt, and only time is going to take care of that. You're effectively at minus four to any d20 rolls you make until you rest. Then it becomes a minus three, then another night's rest becomes a minus two. So you're in a rough spot for the next few days, unless you're resting consistently. For the brief moment you have consciousness as you enter the room, it is a wondrous, welcoming sight. You have just enough time to get that thought across before you facedown in your bed and right to sleep. Clothes still on, facedown from the corner of the bed. It's a terrible sight, but you don't care. The rest of you, what do you wish to do? It hurts a little, and you're proud of her for it. It actually causes this strange collision shockwave. It pushes you back a second because there's too much strength in one fistbump! Shaun goes, "For a moment, maybe. I should probably rest, as well. Jarett?" Jarett goes, "You know what? Yes. Drink sounds nice. It's been a while. Good company." Kynan's still in shock and nods and slinks-- as he walks behind you, he walks with his head low and you can see he averts his gaze towards the ground, watching where he's going to be walking. Gilmore individually gives you all a brief hug or handshake. "I'm sure we'll talk more tomorrow. "I'm going to go join Percy's plan of action." You recognize him, Pike, as you say that, looking at him, though much more harrowed, a little more built than you last saw him, but this is the young man who was waiting for you guys outside of Greyskull Keep a few months back, asking to join, who was bright-eyed and inexperienced. "Hi." It's one of the things where he's always looking down, but you step into his field of vision, already being shorter than him. As you're looking up at him with your gauntlets there at your side, he's looking at you, but he's also not wanting to look you in the eyes a little bit. "Hello, Pike. It's good to see you." Welcome back. We had a bit of a technical difficulty there, but apparently, we're back up and streaming and everything's good, so we're going to jump right back into the story where we were. Just gouts of it, anime-style like Fist of the North Star, spraying. So having Pike check Kynan. Kynan's looking at you, Pike. What are you going to do? Okay. Looking over and you finish the spell, there is no sense of evil from him. Make an insight check. I'll say with advantage because of the nature of the spell, because why not? (laughter) Because he is a broken man standing before you. You don't sense any evil in the sense of what the spell would gather. You do sense from looking at his expression, his reaction, and what bit of information you have, this is a person that's been heavily brainwashed, and their idea of what the world was, or as it was, has been broken, probably many times. Kynan's in a rough spot, and the guilt is weighing so heavily on him right now that it's probably best that somebody keep an eye on him. Looking down at your smiling blue gnomish eyes, this broken boy of a man does mutter a slight chuckle in reaction, then catches himself and nods. "I have a lot to think about. "I have a lot of penance to deal with. Thank you." "Maybe a drink would help." Jarett smacks him on the shoulder. "All right, then. Let's get this pup trashed. Follow me." He leads you down to one of the two taverns. The one that had been destroyed as part of the initial battle here in Whitestone has been constructed. The roof's still mostly missing, but they have a covering over it. It doesn't appear to be a rainy evening, so it should be fine. There's a handful of folk in there having drinks. Jarett treats you all to a round of finer ale of Whitestone brand. They don't have a large selection of rare imported drinks here, but it's enough to at least get the job done. Anything you guys want to do specifically while you're all having drinks tonight? He goes, "I am not familiar with this. You say this is from Ank'Harel?" "To friends?" "And to survival." Make a deception check. He gives you a keen look, looks to Vex, nods. "To friends and trust." Make a constitution saving throw. The fiery rumble in your stomach is matched directly behind by the heavy flow of numbness that fills the entirety of your chest, jaw, and tongue. Jarett goes, (heavily slurred) "That was quite strong." (slurred) "You fucker." (laughter) "Please don't. I think that I have far more than you do, and it's too short, anyway. "Be a waste of your time." He became Castilian, suddenly. "Me, too." He keeps looking over at Keyleth, and you see every time he sees her, he has that spike of guilt in his heart. Make a persuasion check. Most of this conversation, his eyes have been darting away from connecting with yours. The evasion has been persistent, but as soon as those words finish, his eyes finally lock with yours and stay with you. He takes a beat and goes, "I know what I've done. And there's no way I can express "how sorry I am. The woman I followed, she was confident, she was persuasive, and she picked up "what others wouldn't, and I bought into that. And that shows once again that I was never ready "to begin with, like you said, and I appreciate that wisdom in hindsight." "You were kind of a dick. But still. I'll do my best. I can't make any promises, "but I'll do my best." "Yeah." "Okay." You guys share a silent drink. And he immediately goes back to his drink and takes another sip. We're living in the broken future of technology. Thank you for your patience. So as Kynan's avoiding eye contact with Keyleth and getting progressively drunk as the evening goes on, occasionally, you see him smile hearing other bits of conversation. The positive presence, at least, of you guys being somewhat forgiving in the moment and the fact that Percy did come back alleviated some of his guilt. He's doing better than he was earlier, definitely, but he's still very inward. Jarett is having hilarious conversation with Grog as it progresses. (slurred) "It is great to have "all of you back, and I hope my hometown was very kind to all of you. I do miss it, and perhaps when "all this is said and done and I can get a proper-- maybe a writ of approval "from you folks here at Whitestone. Maybe they can absolve me of a couple of things "on the books I would like to say goodbye to." (slurred) "I can't understand what I'm saying. Where did you get this?" (slurred) "It's pretty great." (slurred) "You have to have some. It's not very tasty, I'll tell you that, "but let me tell you, what it will do is this." All right. Do you down the shot, Pike? Make a constitution saving throw! Go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw, Pike. 15? Pike downs it. It burns in her stomach, and she takes it. All right. Make another saving throw, Pike. So Pike takes the second shot, slams the drink down on the table. You feel the numbness hit your lips, Pike, and you feel a little strange, a little sparkly and numb for a second. Your tongue isn't quite functioning as you would hope as everyone's looking towards you. (slurred) "A second shot? That is obviously very brave of you, Pike." And with that, Pike faceplants onto the ground and passes the fuck out. (laughter) She's limp in your grasp, man. She's snoring loudly, too. (slurred) "I think this is an important lesson for all of us-- at least the two of us-- "no more of that." (slurred) "You should have prefaced that before we had a drink." (slurred) "It's fine. Too late now." She's slumped over. (laughter) (slurred) "Look, Scanlan, I've known you long enough to know that you are "a master of tall tales." (slurred) "I honestly don't even know if you're real right now. I am so fucked up on this." (slurred) "You're telling me that you've made friends with J'mon Sa Ord." (slurred) "Then please do." (laughter) (slurred) "If it is within my ability, as your employee, of course." (slurred) "Depending, maybe." (slurred) "What?" (slurred) "I understand that. I don't really deal with these things." (slurred) "Not here in Whitestone!" (slurred) "Look, if you want to get some suude, go down to the Turst Fields, "or maybe over in Kymal." (slurred) "The Turst Fields! South of the Alabaster Sierras." (slurred) "Looking for drugs, yes?" (slurred) "Get some suude!" (slurred) "Suude!" (slurred) "S-U-U-D-E. Suude." (slurred) "Yeah, suude!" (laughter) (slurred) "No, it's a drug!" (laughter) (slurred) "You confuse me, gnome." (slurred) "Look, as your employee, this is a very uncomfortable conversation to have." (slurred) "I can send a courier, maybe, but that's very highly illegal stuff. "Mind you, to be fair, the prison where they put you is currently being sat on "by a giant red dragon, so if there was a time to buy, this would be it." (slurred) "Look, I'm in charge, of well, that!" And you look over. Kynan's face-down on the table, trashed. (slurred) "In charge of that, now, apparently. "Still training, along with Kash, a bunch of people. I cannot do this myself. "It would not behoove our current state here in Whitestone. I could ask around, maybe send somebody. It'll be a while. I can't get you suude here in Whitestone!" "All right." (slurred) "Thanks." (laughter) (slurred) "Now you're just making fun of me." (slurred) "I'll go and get you some suude." "You're welcome." (slurred) "That's all I want. Be pleased." (laughter) Eventually, Jarett (slurred) "All right, I need to sleep this off, "whatever this is. Good night, everyone. See you in the morning." He stumbles his way out the door frame into the Whitestone night. Anything else you guys wish to accomplish tonight, or are you going to go ahead and get some sleep? Just read it out loud at that point. You're still out. You're done for the night. (laughter) 12? You're passed out. You don't hear anything. Make a dexterity check, Vax. 24. The stack is beautifully balanced. It's rotating a little bit. As he's admiring it, you get a sudden push forward and clacking. All the trays and glasses fall and hit the ground. You hear the metal and the brass (clanging). Pike stirs. You wake up, still trashed, Pike, and your lips numb as ever, but you're back to consciousness now, hearing all this clattering around you. The older woman over in the corner who owns the bar is like, "It's fine." She watches it hit the ground and goes, "Thanks." All right. You guys find your way back to Whitestone Castle to your respective rooms. Okay. Make a stealth check. 29. Yeah, no. Percy does not seem to notice you. He's snoring loudly face down in his still-set bed, (snoring) in the bed itself. The room is dark, but you can still see fine. Yeah, go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. 22. Percival, I need you to roll a perception check with disadvantage. You are in the sleep of the dead right now, so you're rolling with disadvantage, and whatever you roll, minus four. Yes. A couple moments of snoring, and you stop and you wait for the breathing to continue, and you find the coat pocket where you found it, gently slip the letter in with the notes that you found it with, close it, step away. Okay. You gently close the door. No issue. All right. As you guys go to rest for the evening, sleep takes you eventually, some of you longer than others, because you woke up not too long before. Sunrise comes in Castle Whitestone once again. The previously somewhat cloudy day is now a very gray sky day. There is a slight mist in the air. Looking out over the forest from the windows, you can see that the forest itself has a very thick, low fog and mist that does cover portions of it. It's a cold, cold morning and it's a brisk way to wake up. As you guys all begin to come down to eat your meal for the morning as the guards go about business within the castle, Seeker Asum comes into the room with you guys and goes, "I am sorry to intrude. There is some new information while you were gone "that I would like to discuss with you. When you finish eating, we'll meet in the war room. "I'll be waiting for you." He leaves, looking a little spooked. Okay. You guys finish your meal as fast as you can. You head up and meet in the war room. No, this is actually a meeting room in the castle that has been converted into a war room for planning and such. This is where you met with Cassandra and Allura and people in the past to discuss about important matters. You come into the room. There's the big window facing out across Whitestone on the second floor for this room. There's the table in the center, and Asum is sitting there, fingers steepled, looking at the table. "Thank you. Please, come in. "Close the door behind you. I think we should have some privacy for this." "This is an important conversation." "I'd prefer to have it here, in private." Asum stands up for a second and goes, "Thank you for coming. I think it's time "we discuss something of extreme importance." Go for it. Insight checks. Asum stands up, hands on the table. "I assure you, this room is safe. It's going to be a brief discussion." "Before I continue, hear my words. Think before you act. I implore you. "Understand that not all is what it seems, and I come to you as an ally." Asum's eyes flash a vibrant green for a second and then become yellowish reptilian orbs. You see a hint of green scales curl across the face. "Now please, let us talk. Violence will not "end in your favor. You have no plan, no trap. I am smarter, more prepared, and more powerful "than all of you. "I know of Whitestone. I know your tricks, and I know your weaknesses. If I wished you destroyed "right now, I could have done it a thousandfold already. So consider the fact that we're even "having this conversation is me putting forth a lot of effort and intent "to have this discussion. No rash actions." "Now, let us put our cards on the table, shall we? I, as I'm sure you've noticed, "am Raishan. It is a pleasure to meet you in person, slayers of the Hope Devourer "and the Iron Storm. I need your help. I wish to kill the Cinder King." And that's where we'll end tonight's session! (screaming) And on time, 1005. There were a few holes in Asum's story when he first got here nobody picked up on. Yeah. The whole time since he arrived in Whitestone. Yeah, there is no teleportation sigil to Whitestone. That's why you guys had to travel there on foot. LIAM and If you wish to, you can. Well, I guess we'll find out in the future. Maybe we'll find out in the future. Thanks, Loot Crate. You guys are awesome! Thank you, Ashley, for coming! You're amazing! Apparently. A lot of you guys came tonight to watch the show. Thank you so much for coming and watching. He's been planning that for a couple of months with me.