Hello, everyone, and welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us voice actors get together and roll dice like we're awesome nerd people, which we are. So, welcome! We're going to do a couple quick announcements here before we kick things off. You want to go ahead and start? The possibilities are endless. It is thick, too. You can get some nice dimension in there. Can we shave off bits and then re-apply them to other parts of the face? Okay! I might do that, yeah. Thank you very much, Zac. Speaking of shaving, let me take a moment here to mourn the Mercer-beard. Those who saw on twitter. I was trying to hold off until 10k and Halloween for my costume, but due to work, had to shave it as of last night. So, I apologize. I'm in mourning. So please bear with me for this evening, going forward. Couple announcements. Critical Role-related we have a lot of our party in transit right now. Laura and Travis just flew in from Toronto and will probably be a little bit late to the game. Sam is currently heading here from a session and will get here as soon as possible. Unfortunately, Orion will not be joining us again this evening, but hope to have him back next week for Halloween. So, things will get rolling as they arrive. Thankfully, we're at a situation in the game where I don't think it'll be too halting. We shall see. Next announcement, we're putting out Critical Role thematic playlists. All the players have put together playlists of Spotify songs that they feel encapture aspects of their character and their character's journeying as Vox Machina and in the world of Exandria. So those will be releasing every week, starting tonight at 8PM with Percy, I believe. So Taliesin's playlist will be up available on Geek and Sundry's website and-- There you go. As you should. Infecting friends is fun. Couple other things. For those who haven't seen it already, the D&Diesel videos went up earlier this week, where we had the wonderful chance-- for me, at least-- to Dungeon Master for a half an hour for Vin Diesel, along with Travis and Laura, and Jessica and Dan of Nerdist ilk. Had a great time, so hopefully you liked it, and if you'd like to see more stuff like that, hopefully we'll have more things coming up in the future in that vein, because we had a good time. Also, along with that, I released my Witch Hunter class, which was a customized 5th edition class that I designed after I ran that game, based on the character I created for Vin. It went up on the website, untested. Feedback is always welcome, and I will be updating it on the website as feedback comes in and balancing is tweaked for it. But have at it, have fun, hope you guys enjoy it. I had a good time creating it, and it's a good time. Also, just a reminder to you guys our official Critical Role t-shirts are available on the Geek and Sundry website store if you want to wear any of the awesome red shirts that we've shown on the show with our full-on Critical Role logo. Shown in an exemplary dark, fine ink. Those are available for purchase. Yes, you can. We have necklaces and keychains with our logo as well. Also available on the store. So, you're welcome to check those out. Yeah, three-armed shirts will be on the docket. Thank you, Liam, I was trying to get to that. We have a new shirt up? We have it up?! This is good news to know. We have now up on the store our official "How do you want to do this" shirt as well. So you can go check that out on the shop. Prepare for the holiday season with your Christmases and your Chanukahs and your Critmases and all that fun stuff to make people look as nerdy as we are. Which is I think part of my goal, personally, through world domination. (laughter) It's mysterious. All righty. Also, our cast interviews on the Geek and Sundry website are almost over. Orion's went up today and those will be finishing up shortly. Yep, Spotify lists coming up. If you've missed any of the cast interviews, they're all available on the website. So feel free to check them out. Marisha, you wanted to follow up on the 826LA news you had. Team Hooman, Critters, come up there and make this happen. Awesome! So there you go. Follow either of their twitters to get the information. All right, Taliesin, you wanted to mention something about Tara's-- There you go. Good on you. All righty, any other announcements anyone needs to make? All righty. Well then, let us go ahead and get ourselves tuned in for tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] We have our samurai! Laura and Travis are in transit, they'll be here as soon as they-- (thump from Sam's mug) Go ahead and make a religion check, I guess. Nine. Honestly, it's hard to tell if it's a curse, the tree itself is just dead. You are very well-connected with the natural essences of the world, the life essence of plants and natural growth. All of your interactions with the Sun Tree are devoid of any response. It seems dead where it stands. But, as you continue your ritual-- Anyone else have anything they want to do? If you didn't write it down, it's not in your inventory. Yeah, because as you guys went through the tavern, you found there was no actual water. There was old ale. There were still a few casks of wine. Stuff that was abandoned when whoever previously was the owner of this tavern either left Whitestone or fell to a worse fate. But there was no plain water to drink. They're still technically under your Seeming spell, for the next few hours, at least. As far as I know, it lasts just for an eight-hour period. I'll double-check. Yeah, it lasts for eight hours and allows you to change the appearance of-- Okay. Stealthily? It's a lot. It's earth and then giant roots from a very large tree that go past. You aren't at the bottom of the roots. You've met the roots as you were carving through. They go even deeper than where you are right now. If you've already started the eight-hour process of the secondary spell, you would not be able to really interrupt that to be able to continue another spell you've been doing. I could say that you did that as part of your preparation for the roots. That's fine. That's fine. It'd be a small ravine, because you also don't want to-- You continue your ritual. The rest of you make your way out the same window that you entered, into the alleyway, following Percival. You lead them to the back of the tavern into one of the large alleyways between this chunk of the city. You find there was a grassy area; most of the grass here has turned gray and brittle, as it is starting to push towards the winter months. And even for the daytime, the temperature is pretty chilly. It's probably around 50 or so degrees, 55. Fahrenheit, for our un-American friends. Eventually, you make your way to the nearest well that you've been to. And there is a bucket there. It looks like it has gathered some dust and some cobwebs. You get the bucket, and you let it down, and eventually it finds its way into the water. It's pretty deep before it hit the water. You don't know if it's been just, like, water level, or if this particular well itself is drying up. But you manage to get a bucket up, and you pull it up and check it and it looks clear. You take the water back with you to the tavern. Seemingly uneventful. You guys have managed to stay far enough out of sight. Nothing seems to caught your attention. Okay. So, Keyleth, you're staying behind to finish the ritual? There are two temples in here. There's the temple to Pelor, which is known as the Zenith. Within the graveyard. So the Lady's Chamber, the temple to Erathis, is more central to the city and is partially a courtyard, partially a half-dome amphitheater place of worship. You guys make your way through the city. I'll have you all roll stealth checks if you could. Well, if you're not trying to hide, then make deception checks instead. If you'd like to. Okay. Okay. So we have two folks staying to the shadows, best they can in broad daylight in a clustered city. And one child-looking pauper of a boy wandering through the city alone towards the graveyard. As you guys make your way through, staying off to the side, jumping, or running through buildings and staying off the main path, you walk along the central road to the far eastern side of Whitestone. A few folks come out during the day, some are carrying bundles of textile goods. There's one guy that has a small cart, and it looks like he's bringing tools and stuff either to or from a store of some kind. Gives you a curious look as if he hasn't seen you before but doesn't seem to-- "G'day!" And just keeps rolling along, the wheels squeaking as he pushes up the road. Eventually, you guys make your way to the far eastern side of Whitestone. This is where the boundary wall that surrounds most of the city from a defensive standpoint lies. There is the multiple exit points throughout this wall. You dart around the outskirts of it, being careful to avoid the pattern of the undead giants that are slowly stomping through the city, like these hulking sentinels that walk in a perpetual pattern through the town. You follow the winding path through the thick woods, just on the outside of the wall of the city itself. You sticking to the path in your open way, or do you want to join them in the side of the forest? All right. So the three of you dart off into the woods, skirting the outside of the road, but making your way following it to the outside of the graveyard itself. Eventually, you come to the outside of the graveyard. Large iron fence that marks the outside of it. It's rusted from time, small spikes mark the very top of it, about six feet tall, and the gate itself is partially open. With a little bit of breeze that's blowing through, very, very cold breeze that blows through this part of the forest, it's opening a little bit, and (creak) against itself. You push through the gate-- Okay. Okay. You skirt up and look inside. And there's a handful of trees in little clusters here and there, but for the most part this old graveyard is flat land, with just stones set up throughout. The older stones have very little rhyme or reason to their placement. They're sporadically thrown around, fresher ones tend to be more clustered with family names. This definitely looks like something that was put here when the town was founded and has been slowly expanded over time, and it's not uniform. You do see, a little ways ahead in the center of this open barren area, there is a stone temple that has, from what little you can see, a bit of stained glass pattern to it. Okay. Percy walks up to the doors. Okay. You-- You go to the doors of the temple, the large wooden doors. In them are carved this flaming wreath into the wood. It looks almost like the outer ring of the classical depiction of a sun and going across the sky where you can see the waving flames licking the sides of the actual doors. And it is a double door. As you tug on the handle at the front, it gives very little to you. You give a little more of a tug on it, not enough to gather attention, just enough to really see if it's just stuck, or if it's locked. And it appears that the doors are not opening. There is no lock, actually. There is no lock. It is barred from the other side. There is some heavy wooden plank that is currently set on the other side of the door. So, with your expertise in these sort of circumstances, you know that with the proper placement of a long blade and enough strength and weight put at the right fulcrum point, you can probably shimmy it off, and it may take a little bit of teamwork to do so. Essentially. If you're referring to a Dimension Door-- No, it is not concentration. You can visualize it. It doesn't have to be a place you have seen yet. Yep. Okay. (spoof) With a burst of dark purplish energy, Scanlan steps through the door, leaving no mark or trace behind. On the other side you hear this muffled (spoof) as he reappears on the opposite side, completing his transition. You appear now in the central worship hall of the Zenith temple. To each side of you, you can see there are windows, about ten foot wide, stained glass windows, about every ten feet around this pattern, it looks like three to each side. There are pews set up for the masses to come and sit and worship, but a lot of the pews have been pushed off to the side, set astray, some have been destroyed and ruined. There's a pile in the corner of a number of sundered and tattered pews. There is a red carpet that marks the center that goes all the way to what looks like a raised altar on the opposite side of the room. You can see that some of the stained glass further down has been shattered and broken, and a little bit of sunlight creeps through. You can see there is on the altar a large stone platform. It's hard to see from this distance. Make a perception check. There appears to be something on the the altar in the distance, small and scattered about it, but from this distance, it's hard to make out the details. But you hear Vax muffled through the door. It's about eight feet wide and about a foot-- eight feet long, about a foot wide and about six inches thick. A big old piece of wooden board. I would say it probably weighs about 40 or 50 pounds. It's wood. It's porous. You could touch it. It gets to about your head, a little higher. Go ahead a make a strength check. Athletics! Make this athletics. (grunting) From this position, it's not even budging. What is it? Right. A scimitar or falchion. As a note, Seeming isn't concentration. No. You cast it and it lasts for eight hours. You don't need to worry about that. (laughs) We can try. All right, so. This is going to be the three of you as a skill challenge, I want all three of you to roll. Not athletics, just a straight strength roll. Add your strength modifier. Which is exactly what happens. TALIESIN and Yeah. First and foremost, you take four points of slashing damage to your hand. You pull back, and there is a line of blood now, beginning to drip off your hand. You shake it amongst yourself. Certainly. It's a blast of thunderous energy in an area, it would affect living and nonliving matter, yes. There are windows shattered on both sides. They're broken a little higher up. So you could either continue to break the bottom part of the window, or just attempt to leap through the hole. Okay, so give me an acrobatics check. 25. You get a running start, leap off the side and parkour up between the actual-- there is an extension to the side where another room is attached on each side of the temple towards the back. You leap off that wall onto the small pillar that's holding the side of the window and up through the broken portion of the stained glass, landing, three-point landing, on the inside. You almost land in one of the shattered piles of wooden pews and splinters and jagged pieces of wood sticking out of it. About a foot away from you, and you are like, "Oh, that was close." You see Scanlan across the way. You see the altar to your right. Have both you guys make strength checks. (laughs) Okay. With a brief burst of wind energy, a shimmering form, somewhat humanoid in shape, but still amorphous appears. (wind sounds) and begins to shove itself up against the bottom of the wooden bar. Make your check, as well. That's for you, and then roll and add five for your Unseen Servant. Roll again, add five. The three of you, one mystically summoned from a plane beyond your own, cannot seem to budge this single wooden door! You've defeated beholders. You've slaughtered illithid underneath, in the Underdark, deep in the belly of the planet. But this door bests you! This giant, glimmering, purple fist appears in your vicinity. It grabs the bottom. Go ahead and roll a d20. Plus eight to it. With its finger, just goes (ping) and it (thudding noises). The door (creak) opens up and Percy stands there, looking not very happy. Looking about the place, it looks pseudo-ransacked. There has been much force used in whatever destroyed these pews. The glass that was broken, was broken from the outside in. So, definitely seems like there was someone throwing a rock through, or a intrusion from an outside standpoint. As you walk further and look around, the two rooms to the side, the doors are closed. There is the altar on the top, and you do see, there is a couple of small sacks, laid to the side of the altar. What looks to be some low-lit candles, and there are some braziers. One to each side of the altar, and one against each wall. All of them appear to be long dark and out. Go ahead and make a perception check. All of you. You both, as you approach the far side of the temple towards the altar, you notice the brazier to the right is smoldering ever so gently. Just a very faint glow of ember to it. You step up. You can see now, on top of the altar, there appears to be a couple of glass vials that are overturned, a little liquid spilled. You can see bits of broken glass across the bottom, the one step that leads down from the altar's raised platform. Make an investigation check. 13? Okay. Looking at just the general vicinity of the altar. You taste the liquid. It's definitely somewhat caustic in nature, you can't really determine it. But, just touching it to your tongue, your tongue goes numb for a second and you feel a slight burn. Your nostrils clear out a little bit from the scent. There is some random powders and such that've been brushed off. You get the feeling that the way that all this was treated, it wasn't so much like it was destroyed more than it was hastily packed up. Roll a perception check. 20? Okay, looking about the outside of the altar, you do notice that around the brazier that is slightly smoldering there is a layer of ash there, gathered on the inside of the brazier and a little bit on the floor, around its base. If you look at the other braziers, there is no ash around it. Most of the ash is contained. The wood ash itself tends to fall; it's a little heavier. This seems to be a lighter shade of ash and it's more of a-- has found its way out of the brazier from just the heat and the air. You lean down and you take some of the ash in your fingers and smell it. It's not perfumed, but you've had some experience with dealing with various burning materials this is definitely paper-based ash. You do also notice underneath the brazier there is one sliver of paper that was not wholly burned. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Testing what's there I mean, a lot of the material has been scattered and mixed but there are elements that resemble the black powder you've used in some of your constructs and tinkering in the past. What you noticed were like some of the glass vials that were overturned. Looking at the pouches, it looks like some of them contained phosphorus, some of them contained other alchemical reagents that were used in the research but most have been emptied, and it's just a residuum on the inside. Door on the right. (creak) Opens up into what was Father Reynal's room. As the door opens, you're immediately hit with terrible smell of decay. And you can see, shoved under the bed that first appears on the opposite side of the small room, what appears to be the remains of Father Reynal. Long passed and left to fester beneath his bed. You're welcome to go ahead and take a look. Roll an investigation check. 23. Looking at the body, it appears that there are a series of puncture wounds. Rapier-based. They're too long, like stiletto, too long to be a dagger. No, they are inflicted by a weapon, a long thin weapon. And multiple to the torso. Okay. Searching the body, searching the room, it looks like everything of interest has been taken from the place. You find some leftover stale food, you find some candles that are generally used for the purposes of worship here in the temple, but anything beyond that-- all the drawers have been emptied, everything has been taken by whoever was previously setting up residence in this facility. You do notice that, throughout the temple, there are images of Pelor, flame-wreathed face, various sun and stars that are set up, but most of them have been profaned, marked on, shattered, or covered in soot. An intentional effort has been made to dampen the power of Pelor in this once-holy place. None that are untouched, but there are some that could possibly be cleaned. A couple of small medallions that are hanging up in the room where the Father lays. Okay. Make a perception check. All right. As you walk back into the main temple-- All right. Your ears catch a faint, distant sound like a strong wind pushing through a mountain pass. This low mournful wail-type sound. No wind is moving. There is a stillness to the air. As you guys take in this sense, this sound gets louder and louder. At which point, the air itself gets colder and colder. As you nervously exhale, you can see your breath becoming visible in the air around you. As you all look at each other, you, stepping back into what shadows there are, as it is a very open temple, as it's a temple of sun-- You find what tiny little alcove you can of shadow. It's not going to offer a lot of protection once you move, but for now you seem to be out of the circumstance. Okay. Yeah. You guys both vanish, holding your place on top of the altar, and as that moaning tends to grow louder and louder you can see this shimmer at the doors that are open on the opposite side of the room. It looks like a woman. A form of a woman, but translucent in nature, drifting in, giving off the horrible (raspy groan) sound, as it drifts in and you see it looking around and the features are gaunt as it gets closer. It looks elven by racial nature, but the eyes are just these sunken faintly glowing sockets, the hair wild and matted and floating behind it, its hands reaching out, and as it gets partway through the temple, it looks like it's seeking something, and its eyes fall directly on you two. Let's go ahead and-- Off to the side there. You guys are on the altar there. I built the whole city, because I didn't know where you guys were going to go. So, first and foremost, let's go ahead and roll initiative. You'll get a surprise round. All right. All right, well. First and foremost, before anything happens, this entity, as it notices your presence, it begins to transform and its image becomes more horrifying. As you pull your dagger out, I need all of you guys to roll a wisdom saving throw. (laughs) Nice. 17? Scanlan? With advantage? Unfortunately you are considered frightened by this entity. It scares the crap out of you. MARISHA and Ah! Then never mind. You feel it shake your form for a second. Its horrible visual presence, for a second, freaks you out, but then you remember the knowledge that your friends are here and you have to serve a purpose and you shake off-- Pull them up and get ready. All right. Well, you go first. Technically, it's not a surprise round because the creature can sense life and saw them before it happens, so it wasn't ambushed. But you do get to go first, and you do get to go before it. In the use of surprise, I didn't mean to use it in the surprise round fashion. These entities can detect living creatures up to five miles away. If you get to it first, you still have advantage. Because it doesn't see you. You're still hidden from it. That hits. This would, yes. It is not surprised. Okay. Hits. For double dice, not doubled modifier. Okay, 13, good to know. Awesome. So, out of the shadows, (whoosh) three daggers strike this wailing ghost entity. Each dagger, it punctures, and you see it reacts from the impact as there's a flash of magical energy with each hit. The daggers then tumble out of its form and then blink back to your belt side. It looks like it definitely did some damage to it, but it's-- It would actually, yes. So, minus four damage to this other guy. Wait so you threw wooden stakes at it as two of the attacks? Okay. So, the first dagger hits? Yeah. The two other stakes pass through its form without any other impact. The one dagger does return to you, but the two stakes just clatter in the distance, and the creature seems unharmed by those two. Yeah! Sorry. So that ends that point. The creature now swoops up to the center of you three and gives out this horrible (roar) this wailing scream that bursts out in the air, you feel like the wind push you back and all of you feel like for a moment you're staring at your own death. I need all three of you guys to roll constitution saving throws. Nope. Okay. Both of you guys, you feel this chilling burst of spiritual energy blast through your soul. And you each take 14 points of psychic damage. Percy, however, as you look at it, it seems like this blast actually forces the soul from your body momentarily. You immediately drop to zero hit points and are unconscious. So with that, you see Percy, eyes roll back and then collapse onto the floor like a pile of cold bones. Out. Percy, it's your turn. Go ahead and make a death saving throw. 11, okay. Scanlan, it's your turn. You still have Bigby's Hand, by the way, on concentration. Let's see how long that lasts, actually. Let me see how long it lasts. Just to be safe. Up to a minute. So probably would have faded by now. Sorry. What are you doing, Scanlan? Okay. So you release a bolt of lightning energy right in its direction. Go ahead and roll damage for that. You don't have to hit for lightning bolt; it just hits everything in front of it, and you have to try and avoid it. What's the DC? It is a free action to pull it out, so you instinctively-- hand cone, cast the spell-- out the bolt goes. 19, okay. Does not make its saving throw. 34 points of damage. The lightning blasts through her, not impactful as you think it might be. This entity because it is in an ethereal state, is not as effectively hit by such magics. However, it does take damage. Okay. Scanlan, you move back? Healing Word. All right, so Healing Word is 1d4 plus-- Healing Word will be-- So, seven hit points. You're conscious, but you're still on the ground, face down, loosely fallen over the stuff on the altar. Correct. So, Scanlan? Your turn's done? Vax, you're up. Okay. You're in this room currently. Hits. Hits. All right. All righty. Both daggers hitting it, you see its form being impacted by each dagger hit. It still continues to come forward toward the two of you. Is that the end of your movement? Over here? That far? I think so. All right. That ends your turn. The creature now is going to drift up to the unconscious form, or the now-conscious form of Percy. It's going to swipe at you with its Corrupting Touch. Since you're prone, it has advantage on the attack. That'll be 20 to hit. What's your AC? 18? Okay. As its hand reaches down and passes through, as you just come to consciousness, and you start getting yourself up, you look up and feel this cold sensation as its hand reaches through your back and seems to almost grasp your spine. Your whole body lurches from the impact. You take 12 points of necrotic damage. No, he has to fail his death saves. That ends its turn. Well, no actually, it's going to start moving now. It's going to drift through the rest of its movement this direction. That ends its turn. Go ahead and make your death saving throw. All righty. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. (laughing) Okay! All righty. All right. Bigby's Hand. With a clenched fist deals an additional 2d8 damage. So if you're going to punch it, it does an additional 2d8 damage. What are you going to do? Okay, I see. So it does no damage but it does force its movement. Okay, and I'll say because you did it at a higher level, it's an additional five feet of movement on that. So, as the hand shoves toward the creature-- The forceful hand it doesn't, no. There's grasping hand and the clenched fist do damage. Okay. So, you bitch-slap it physically hard. Clenched fist. Go ahead and make a spell attack. Go ahead and roll a d20, add your spell attack modifier. 14 plus nine? That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. That's 6d8 force damage because you cast it at 6th level. 24. Yeah. As that happens, the fist clenches and (wham) bitch-slaps the back of the wailing ghost creature. As it does you hear it scream out in pain (screech) as its spectral form is scattered across the air and dissipates. You toss yourself up a couple times. So, it's 4d4 plus four. If you guys are taking a short rest-- Yep, you got it. Okay, go ahead and make a perception check. Looking over the altar, it appears to be smooth, solid stone. Nothing catches your attention. You check the other room. This is a small kitchen, essentially, for whoever was running here would make small meals or things to delineate during worship and/or just cook for its own meals when the father was keeping-- It does not appear to have been used, you can make an investigation check to gather an idea of how long it's been there. SAM I'm going to look around as well and food and stuff. Okay. You get the feeling that the last time this was used was a little under a week ago. You find a couple of loaves of stale bread, some dried meats, salted dry meats, like some jerky-ish type things. Things that are meant to last a while. There is produce here, but the produce has long wilted and gone to rot. It's hard to really tell. You're not too familiar with lifestyles of different individuals. Whoever left the notes, and whoever was dabbling with the vicinity does have a tendency towards sciences and alchemy in ways that seemingly can blend and overlap with your specialty. That's the best you can ascertain, based on the information given. Okay. And it gives a horrible screeching sound as you carve into this well-polished stone surface that's used predominantly for worship, or when it was. Given about five, ten minutes in you manage to scrape a design into it that is visually distinct against the smooth surface, and does match the design best to your ability that Percy-- Okay. Okay. You finish your carving, seemingly without recurring incident. Yeah. You guys make your way out of the temple back into the center of the graveyard. The sun is beginning to set. The reds and purples of the night sky are starting to creep in, as it just begins to crest on the far western side of the mountain range surrounding the valley. It's been spotty, cloudy-- Bits and pieces. There is heavy cloud cover that seems to be pushing through. It brings colder weather. It looks like when you first got there, there was some snowfall that happened before you arrived. You've had a few days of sun, but I'd say about half the day is cloud cover. And this far north, too. All right. You guys-- Okay. Takes you a little time, because they're amongst a bunch of other broken wooden scraps-- Okay! You find some splintered wood. You guys make your way back into the town. I'd like you all to make a stealth, or a deception check, if you prefer. 13. Okay. All right. As you guys are making your way back towards the tavern, there is a small group of Whitestone villagers walking and having a conversation. Not heated, but there is a sense of desperate conversation amongst them. And, standing with them you can see there's an older gentleman, mostly bald, long scraggly gray hair that falls past his shoulders, a little bit hunched. He's wearing dark leathers and a cloak that's over one shoulder and drags the ground behind him. And they're talking to him and he's growling to himself and the best you can make out is there's an argument about farming shipments and the inability to make dates and requirements. He shouts back to the remainder, says, "Listen, it is beyond my control. This is what has been decreed "by Sir Kerrion. That is how it'll be. If you cannot provide, then taxes will be pulled. If you "cannot pay, then there are far worse things we can take. Now, be on your way!" And steps away from the group, looks over and sees a little boy and this in the shadows skulking individual. "You there!" "You new around here?" "I don't recognize you." And two of the guards step forward. "What's your name?" Make a deception check. "Then make yourself useful. Maybe you can make up for some of these lost crops that these "bags of shite keep saying they can't do." "I don't give a shit, move on, boy." He grumbles and keeps on walking. The guards give you a look. One of them spits at your foot, keeps walking on. Eventually, they drift aside. You continue your path back to the tavern where the rest of you are waiting. The sun has now set. Night has taken the sky and Keyleth is on the verge of completing her ritual. Okay. As you're keeping watch, you notice occasionally there will be one of the zombie giants that will lumber through the center of town. There's a very specific pattern that they tend to follow. And you do notice a couple of other guards that you didn't notice during the day begin to show up. They're humanoid; they're armored. They sneak around. They're humanoid, but their movement is unnatural. Not very much light at all. There's very low-lit points at certain crossroads that've been left up for general visibility for those who have to travel at night, but you gather most people just do not travel at night here in Whitestone. Keyleth-- You finally complete your ritual. Sweat pouring down your brow, you have your hand on the roots-- Okay. Roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. I would say no, because this isn't a saving throw and because what you're attempting to do is essentially convert a highly damaging spell into a non-damaging circumstance at the end of an eight-hour endurance match with a ritual. This is going to be a difficult attempt. So go ahead and roll a d20. Add your wisdom modifier. You complete the ritual and release the healing energy of your Plant Growth spell. As you release it you begin to concentrate on the sun ray and you begin to see, throughout the pieces of earth around, seeds quickly begin to germinate and small little bits of ivy, greenery begin to pierce out from parts of the earth in your immediate vicinity, as this affects a large radius. There does not appear to be any sort of immediate reaction by the tree. You begin to pull back and concentrate on the spell. You release the Sunbeam forward. In the frustration of the lack of reaction from the tree and the desperation to make sure some effect happens, you release the full force of the beam as opposed to the prequel aspect and you burst into some of the roots, blasting some of them apart and beginning to set flame to part of the under of the tree. You guys hear this (explosion). You put out the flames. And you notice where the fire had burned aspects of the wood, there is the black char marks across the roots where the flames touched, and the area surrounding the root is a little more of a vibrant brown color. Almost like a little hint of life seemed to have seeped into the root. It expands for a moment and you can see a little bit of life return to that localized section of the tree. As you do, there's still these bits of ivy greenery, this long-embedded seeds through years and years and generations of earth layering in here. These long-dormant seeds are starting to come to life and spring through the earth around you. The expansion of the healthier portion of the root begins to spread, and then stop spreading. And you begin to notice all the greenery begins to immediately wither and crumple and turn to ash. And you watch as the vibrant aspect of the roots slowly drain from the bottom up. Like something is pulling the life force out of the roots. You take the holy oil and place it along the roots, and it soaks into the dry and in some cases now charred aspects of the roots. You wait a moment, and the oil seems to almost burn off and evaporate. Make a perception check. The pattern of decay that followed your initial attempt at reviving this vicinity, all had a very distinct downward motion of draining. There was something about the ground, something beneath the tree and where you are that is seemingly taking the life force of the surroundings. At this point, all the life force was very quickly drained. What's the radius on that? Okay. So you take your time, and you begin to focus and it expands. As you do, focusing on vampiric presence, you feel a fair amount of presence above, below and further north. And smattered throughout the city. You get the sensation at this point in time that there is much more beyond just Lord Briarwood that have come to be a creature of the night in this city. Okay. Make an intelligence check. Yeah, just a straight intelligence check. 14. Incorporating this organic organ? Keeping it from rotting is already going to be a feat. In order to incorporate any of its natural charge essence is going to require your workshop. Doing that on the go is too intricate. I mean, it may be functional. It's definitely possible to use what you extracted from the behir to be a way to charge your Diplomacy, but that is something that you'll have to do in a controlled space when you have everything at your disposal. It's a very delicate process to even attempt it. Okay. You all take an evening's rest. As you guys take your watches and go to sleep in the cold interior, and it is a cold interior of the tavern. As the night comes through, this is your first time really staying the night in the center of Whitestone. Even though you slept in the forest, in the boughs of the trees itself, the temperature grows far colder here, and even with the warm interior, the windows frost over and you find yourselves having to huddle or build some sort of small fire to even keep a semblance of comfort to rest. You all eventually go to sleep throughout your various times. I would like everyone to make a wisdom saving throw. With advantage, because you're still affected by the Heroes' Feast. Okay. All of you wake the next morning rested as best as can be. Percy, your entire evening was wracked with nightmare after nightmare, imagery you wish to not recall. Whispers and voices familiar, unfamiliar, seeing yourself pulled from your physical self into the heart of this banshee, then wrest from death, barely, cackling in the distance. I want you to go ahead and mark on your sheet one point of corruption. As you wake up, you find yourself wracked by those nightmares, a sense of nervousness comes to you. And there's a tremor to your voice now that's uncontrollable. At times of silence, you find yourself impulsively clearing your throat. And with that we're going to take a five-minute break. All right guys, keep this to a stringent five-minute break so we can get to as much as we can before the show's up tonight. So we'll see you guys here in five minutes? All right? Welcome back everyone. So, a couple quick things. One, we're roughly 30 to 25 subs away from our next milestone. The milestone, as we do with every 100 subs, the winner in the chat room, as long as you're active in it, gets a package of one of our signed cast photos, as well as a wonderful poster art piece from our artist, Kit Buss, signed by the cast, and that will also be our 10k mark. It's pretty fantastic. So, as soon as we hit that we'll have our next giveaway and a big celebration as we hit 10k. Also, you guys just caught, as that break ended, a quick episode of Omnibus. Omnibus is a new show that shows here every Tuesday. It's helmed by Ian and Hector, some of our fantastic hosts here. It talks about all sorts of things. Not just Batman things. All sorts of things in geek culture and-- what's that? There's more than Batman! It's crazy! I pop up there every now and then to answer some questions and talk about some cool things, as well as a number of other cool personalities that pop in and out. Check it out if you're around on Tuesday. It's a lot of fun. All righty. So let's kick back into this. So, a rough morning's rest come to fruition. Percy seems a little worse for wear after the evening's sleep. It's a whole business opportunity that was missed. Seeming has ended, yes. Trinket is now a bear. And not a donkey. You're a little boy. Jovial boy without a yo-yo. (laughs) You now have two crazy eyes. The majesty of bardic illusion. Going to Beyond the Horizon? All righty. You guys step out into the day's sun. Today is fairly overcast. Clouds have taken the sky, and there is a bit of a light mist that is falling. Not quite rain, but not quite drizzle, but just a mist in the air. It's a cold day. The ground and most of the walkways and roads are a little damp due to the moisture in the air. Not muddy, just a little bit of a packed wetness to it. As you head over towards Beyond the Horizon, and that lies more in the northwestern quadrant of the city. A little ways around the street from one of the noble houses, so you keep a wide berth. You come to the row of shops that bookended it before, and you go to the curiosity shop to find that the building itself is partially collapsed and ruined. The door is torn off the hinges and left to the side. Part of the ceiling is fallen in. Do you wander into the building? You guys are still on the outside-- The whole building is still standing. It just looks like the front entrance is caved in and the doors were pulled off. Okay. Looking about the inside, most of the furniture has been broken or taken. You can see a bunch of shelves set up as this was once a curiosity shop. Empty. Anything of worth has long been taken. A large scattering of broken glass, and a peppering of stains. Dark, ruddy stains across the hardwood floors you can see spattered in places. Occasional rat seems to crawl out in the distance a little (rat squeaking) sound. But there is no other sign of life within the interior. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Wisdom check, not saving throw. 13? Eight. Okay. You take a while pushing through some of the rubble, checking behind the main desk, if you will, as to where most purchases would have taken place. The place is cleared out, and looks like it's covered in enough dust to have been left here for the better part of six months to a year. Glancing about, you find what looks to be a small cellar door that opens up in the floor in one of the back rooms. You open it up, there's a small ladder, not even a staircase, a ladder that leads down in there. It's a small room, about ten foot by ten foot. That room is also entirely cleaned out. Okay. So you skirt back towards the the crossroad, the nearest crossroad that heads northward to the very, very far northwest section of Whitestone. There you come to this noble house, which has a nice bronzed fence around the outside of it. Probably about seven feet tall with these intricate spears affixed to the top, almost in a fleur-de-lis type pattern, but looks sharp enough to keep anyone from trying to leap over. The front gate is currently chained off with a lock on it. There is a lawn, but the lawn itself appears to be frost-crusted from the evening's moisture and cold temperature. What grass is there is very gray and dull and currently crisp with a white frost dew. Is a slight hill, and you do see the building itself. It's a very nice building. It's a deep brown. A lot of it appears to be like natural stained wood from the local forest surrounding Whitestone, with highlights of deep green and black. There does not appear to be any immediate sign of life from the inside, but there does appear to be a light coming from the inside, so even at this point in the day, it can be dark on the interior. You can see a little bit of light coming from one of the doors. It's just a gate, currently. He is not actually, he's quite cold and clammy. Right now, in this particular area, there is nobody on the street. You passed a few folks. A lot of them seem to be traveling southward. The Alcove is a little further east, it's probably about a 15-minute walk. The other temple, that one is about a ten-minute walk south of here. It's closer to the southwestern side of the city. The skulking humanoids you saw last night that were wandering the streets? None of them visible. You do take in that far down the road to the east of you there is a large shape looming around the corner in a shadow stretching across the road. And you hear the distant (muffled stomping noise). Not yet. It looks like it's coming around a corner at the bend of the road a ways to the east. Currently? No. It's coming around the bend. All right. You guys dart southward across the road, ducking into the alleys of the southern portion of the road, getting out of the visual range of the zombie giant that is making its way down the road, across your path. Heading southward, you dart through the back alleys and keeping free of the main central visual areas of the city, you eventually make your way to the corner that houses the Lady's Chamber. And as you guys see it-- If you're keeping an eye out for that, yes. In some of the alleyway, you do pass a couple that are holding some, what looks like either scavenged groceries or some sort of food they have keeping close to themselves. You can, indeed. All right. As they're both walking by, keeping the hush, they see you guys step in the same alley. They stop for a second, looking you over, give a nod. Make a deception check. You both stop and the man gives her a look like he's trying to usher her along, pulling her arm and she goes, "No, honey, it's just a child." Walks up and leans forward and says, "If you're "looking for Sir Kerrion, you'll find him in the extravagant abode to the southeast of the city." "No." And gives you a side look for a second and says, "You don't want to go find the Countess "there. If you're looking for Sir Kerrion, you go to the southeast. Look for the brick building. "That's where he stays. Near the farming area south of us. You're not from here are you?" "Well, just do what he says. Don't question. All right?" "Then perhaps you could do that quickly." She blushes for a second, goes like, "You stay safe." And brushes the hair out of your eyes for a second and pinches your cheek a little bit, and there's a look of sadness in her eyes, almost like, what horrible fate befalls this child, if he's not careful. She rushes back to the side of the man with her and, "See, it's fine. Good luck!" And they both dart off down the alley again. On Broadway. Literally. All right, so. You make your way southward to probably what's the second largest road intersection in this city. Away from the Sun Tree square. You can now see the temple to Erathis here. And it is a large stone half dome amphitheater set up where it's built outward to face the actual crossroads. And there is a courtyard built around it, a small stone wall about three feet tall, that encapsulates this area. There is a couple of trees, but there isn't a lot of grass, most of it's just stonework-- Erathis being the goddess of civilization. You know, it has an interesting duality and disrespect to Melora and all unbridled nature. Things that are controlled and civilized are definitely her realm of expertise. But as you approach, like most of the grass here, it's pretty desolate and dead. Winter is definitely making its way to this part of the city. You do notice that surrounding it, there is dried ivy, and just a general feeling of solemn desperation and sadness. There are a few people scattered throughout sitting on benches, sitting in quiet contemplation. Some of them are clutching small holy symbols and doing a prayer to themselves while rocking in the bench. You do see within the dome, there is a group of about four people that are all sitting, looking up to a man, an older man with a thick, white mustache and receding white hair. His gray robes he's wearing look weathered. You recognize him. While you haven't had too much interaction, not being much of a pious man, in any form of religion from your history, but you do know, Keeper Yennen is the head priest of Erathis here and is currently giving the tail-end of a small sermon to those here. Hearing him, he speaks words of comfort talking of, through these dark days, we must bind together as a community. We have to ensure that our livelihood and our existence is kept, and we look out for our fellow man. There is solace in the friendships and bonds we keep here. And best not to upset those that wish to keep us down. Erathis looks over us. There will be a time in which our salvation will come. And he goes into this very rallying speech and trying to lift the spirits of those around. Four. Yeah. There's four around him in the amphitheater. There are probably another ten or so scattered about the various ground surrounding it, just doing their own private prayer. Yennen? From your previous experience and what you've heard is a very-- can be a bit arrogant in his worship, but not in a way that is considered dangerous or impactful to when the de Rolo families were in rule. He does good for the people. Kind of a tool at times. But he practices well and he keeps the people's spirits up for those who worship. On occasion, but mostly just his personality. Nothing he's done personally. He's not a bad person, by any means. He's just, you know. Yeah. Strong-willed in his ideas. You would have no basis of comparison. You would be the only one that has. It seems like it's winding down. He finishes the discussion about the bonds of community, speaks about this city sprang up from nothing, but has a greater destiny to itself. If not here at Whitestone, one day we will all go past these boundaries, these borders, and create our own cities. There is hope for this. And then begins to go into a couple of familiar prayers tailored specifically to the Erathis way of thinking, and then finishes and everyone looks up, bows their heads for a second and begin to stand up and walk away from the amphitheater as he turns around and begins to clear off one of the back benches for him to sit on. Okay. You walk up to him, he sits down. "Can I help you?" "I can say this. If history has taught me anything, our people are a resilient bunch. There "has been much death, opposition, to all the free peoples of these lands. And yet, they persevered "and surmounted these odds. I think, though, to some degree a prison this town may have become, "perhaps we ourselves cannot see the distant ends. It's easy to misinterpret the means of those that "would oppress us. But we can't go too long before the world at large can see the atrocities "committed, the terrible entities that walk these streets." "I look forward to a day in which there can be a beacon of outside hope. From the inside, I "fear many wills have been torn asunder. I'm sorry. Forgive my manners. Welcome to the Lady's Chamber. "You are unfamiliar to me." And he looks out at you guys standing at the peripheral of the amphitheater. "Travelers?" "I fear the cold winter is looming. An ill omen takes this city, friends. You may stay to "give worship, if you will, then I recommend you continue on your way. There is little here but "dying tradition." "Interesting." "You speak in strange confidence for a traveler." "Signs of what, I might ask?" Yeah. As you're walking away, you hear his voice call out after. "Wait! What does this mean?" He pulls the parchment forward, revealing the symbol of the top of the de Rolo family crest. Go ahead and make a persuasion check. Give you advantage on this. Nods his head slowly, looks back at the sheet. Looks back at you with a discerning look. Oh, not at all. You look like a dirty peasant right now. Takes it and hastily closes it and folds it and puts it in the pouch. Steps back over and gathers some of his loose tea leaves-- he was making himself some tea-- and looks about shiftily, calls over one of the other worshipers and begins talking with them as you guys walk away. Yeah. Approximately. I mean, there are plenty of houses that currently don't show signs of life. And with that, rainfall begins to hit upon the city-- The ground immediately becomes thick with mud and sludge as you begin making your way through the city to the eastern side. You do it. As you walk along, you do, some of the mud shifts behind you. It can be a little conspicuous if you're not careful. All right. The Alcove is a little ways north. It would take some time. You're pushing at like 1030 in the morning at this point, around 11AM. Are you going straight to the supposed homestead of Kerrion Stonefell? All right. You bee-line it. You're all getting cold from the wet rain that is now soaked through your clothes. You make your way, and this home is a deep, red brick in construction. This house was not here when you lived here. It looks like what house was here has been demolished and rebuilt with sturdy masonry. It's a two-story building. There appear to be two guards currently set outside. Two regular leather-armor looking, more thugs than guards, but they're just both keeping under the overhang at the front porch to keep dry and grimacing at the weather. There is a gate around it. This gate is more for purpose than visual presentation. It's a black iron, nasty, jagged, rusty-looking gate. Not too dissimilar to the one that surrounded the graveyard. It's about a 20-foot walk from the gate entrance to the front step of the actual building itself. How do you want to approach this? All right. Each holy oil is essentially three-- Mark that off from one of your holy oils, you have one of three uses of that, and that that arrow does have a holy oil essence. I mean, it's overcast, but it's getting closer to noon. Even though you can't see the sun, and it is dark clouds overhead, it is still a general universal storm light. Darkened daylight. No. It looks like it's probably going to be here for most of the day at the very least. Okay. Perception checks all around. All right. I will say above 20s, you guys notice there is a cellar door outside the building that descends beneath it. There's no indicator as to whether or not it's attached to the house or if it's just an exterior cellar that you can enter from the outside. You do also see there are a number of windows around the household that are all currently closed that lead into the interior. You're uncertain if they're locked or open. There's a little bit of light from the inside. Like candlelight or lantern light, the darkened exterior has made most of the sunlight that would warm a building or light it up from the inside has been cut off by the rainstorm. So, there is a necessity for internal lighting. No, but you do notice that one of the windows to the far back side of the building where most of the light's coming from-- occasionally the light does seem to shift or a shadow moves past it. There's movement within that room nearish that window. Not from this 25 to 30-foot distance from the building and you guys trying to be inconspicuous. There is the gate. The gate, and what looks to be a few rocks and a couple small trees that are on the actual grounds of the house surrounding it. Which one? The cellar door is out in the open, buttressed against the back of the house. It's up against the ground on the side. It has two doors that open up and lead into the cellar below. From where you're standing? No. You're going to be hardpressed to get across without being in sight of somebody if someone were nearby. You're on the outside of a fence. They're currently not in visual range of you. They're guarding the front of the building. You guys moved around back. So you don't see the two guards currently on the opposite side of the house. It is poky. yes. It's not super sharp poky, but there's iron rods. Yeah, if you rolled poorly, it's going to deal some damage. They're currently on the opposite side of the building. If you guys are looking at the back. They're in the front of the building guarding the front door. Correct. Your donkey's still there beside you. You're more than welcome to. Go ahead and make a strength check. So, you cast Heat Metal on the bars and a certain area of this gate begins to glow with a dull orange to become a brighter orange, and portions of it going whitish-hot in places. The rain, by the way, is puffing against it and evaporating as it impacts the now-heated metal. 23? Okay, you reach over and grab it, your hands smoking on the-- use the pain! Use the pain and pull down the bars. You get a large portion of the gate to actually bend downward into an arc, causing the whole gate to fold inward on that side, making it much easier for anyone to pass through. However, you do suffer nine points of fire damage from the burn and your hands are currently scalded. Okay. So it's 1d4 plus six. She's rolling it. So, the scarring stays for a bit. You do smell the burning flesh, but there's no lasting wounds on your hands. So, everyone make a stealth check. No, everyone gets plus ten to their stealth. You have disadvantage on the stealth check, though. Yes, plus ten to your stealth roll. All righty. You guys all keeping low and quickly darting across the grass field. You make your way, pattering across the somewhat slick grass. The rain is a little warmer than the frost that kept the grounds frozen as the morning came to. So, it's a little slick, but you make your way to the back of the building. You're still loosely out in the open, in a weird way, so you don't want to be out in the open for a long period of time. This isn't a safe place. You're currently, apparently made it to this side of the building unnoticed. But you don't want to stay here very long because you are visible to anyone who's on either side of the gate exterior. It is locked. It does gives resistance. 27. You reach over, without even looking. You grab the lock; you're familiar with this kind of lock. (clicking) You take the lock off the chain. The chains fall loose against the opposite side of the, or the inside of the door. You pull it open. It's dark inside. You can see the dry stone steps that lead down below the building as rain starts darkening them with drops that are hitting them. Okay. Make a perception check. 19. Listening to the inside. The smell's a little musty, like a cellar you'd expect. But a little bit of dust and untouched earth. There's nothing down there; no movement, no sound. You all drop in. Darting into-- which is good, because you notice around the corner one of the giants is turning the corner. You all dive inside, close the cellar doors. Bringing you to the interior. You hear the pattering of rain across the wooden doors of the cellar. You made your way down underneath. And it is pitch black. There is no light source down here. Okay. A little bit of flame causes enough candlelight to see the surface. And it is a wine cellar. Okay, so with an instant of will, all of a sudden flames burst around-- [no audio] Make a perception check. Your sister assures you she heard-- Rogues are pretty cool. So you put your ear up to it and listen carefully. And you hear pacing footsteps creaking against wood no more than maybe four feet away from you. One person stops and then moves again, then moves again almost like there's pacing, and you hear low voices. It's a conversation; there's two voices. You hear one voice very muffled, but it seems to be similar to the voice of the gentleman that came across you guys on the street that actually briefly talked to Percy the day before. The balding guy with the long stringy gray hair. The other voice you don't recognize, and it's too muffled for you to make out anything. About four feet from you, not over the cellar, but off a ways to it. You're not certain where this doorway leads to, the level of muffling you can hear through the floor leads you to believe that they're not directly above you. What's this for? Advantage on constitution checks. Those are different from saving throws. But it does give him 2d6 temporary hit points, but those do not stack with the current temporary hit points you have. Constitution would not be of much benefit to you. (creak) It gives. 33. You move it up, without a sound, dart up, catch yourself and lower it down carefully. Dark interior, you use your Flametongue Dagger to look inside. You are inside of a closet of some kind, a ten by five closet. There are coats and outfits around you. You can push them aside. This looks to be like a small storage room that has been repurposed as a closet of some kind. Easily enough. As you put your ear to the door, they are talking immediately on the other side of this door. You are a room adjacent to it. You do manage to pocket from a few of the coats about 47 gold pieces in total. You make out conversation. It seems to be between a voice you don't recognize and the gentleman earlier you met, basically saying, "With everything that's going on now, it's honestly "very frustrating that these people wouldn't do their share of the bargain. I, myself, I've been "doing my best to keep them in order, but at this point in time, I think we need to do another show "of strength in order to keep them working as hard as we have been." Another voice calms him down and says, "Don't worry, don't worry. Keep it under control. At the very least, we should have to be "ready, prepared. If what Lady Briarwood says, we should be having visitors any day now. And I would "hate to be caught flat-footed. So, we're going to go ahead and gather our arms, going to make sure "that we outfit the place the best we can. Traps, alarms, whatever is necessary to make sure that we "are not caught off-guard." (laughter) You guys came at just about the right time. Okay. The conversation continues. The older gentleman begins talking about, "I don't like the "idea of there being any sort of conflict on our home turf. I wish they would just meet them out, "head them off, cut them off at the head. Why did we invite them in here? That seems to be a "dangerous circumstance." Stealth checks all around. All righty. You all slowly make your way up. There's not enough room for all of you inside this room, this storage space. Grog, you go up, you push open the door into the next room and it is a-- for lack of a better term, a music room. There's a few couches around, there's a piano set up. Yeah. You guys are opening a door to a room next to-- the wall you were listening to is the room next to you. This opens up into a room adjacent. So, as you push out into the room, it's dark in here. The only light that's coming in is from the nearby window. A little bit of sun's coming through from the rainstorm. You can still hear the rain pattering on the window and the second floor above you, there is no sound from the rain hitting the roof from this distance. Not particularly; it's mostly decorative. Few vases, some books on the shelf. There is a door that is partially open that leads into hallway. A hallway that seems to connect the two rooms. Yeah. The door is the opposite of the window and the room that you're in is adjacent to the room that the voices are coming from. The closet is in between the two. Yes, out, door, hallway, and then the room where the speaking is coming from. Yeah. All right. All right, so take a d10 inspiration die. So, the three of you move on ahead. The rest of you-- Trinket is unable to climb. All right, the three of you stand at the double doors. You moved around to the hallway. Is there a change to this arrangement that you would like? You currently have Grog, Vax, and Keyleth at the front, and three of you in the back. All right, so there you are. I'll put you on the side of the door there. You hear the voices from the other side of the door conversing and talking back and forth. Scanlan, Percy. What's the plan? (impact noise) The door swings open, both of them slamming into the sides of these two bookcases. Immediately, you see behind the desk here and standing in the center. You see the older gentleman in these long robes immediately spin his head and see, essentially, a troupe of armed villagers, peasants, dirty faces come rushing in. all fucked up eyes and all. Rushing into the room. They both turn, looking completely caught off-guard by this. You do also see in the room, there are a few guards that are just waiting off to the side. There's a couch area, there's a fireplace. You guys get a surprise round. So, let's go ahead and roll initiative to get the order of things here. All right, so 25 to 20? All right. 20 to 15? So, Scanlan is 16. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Is that everyone? That's everyone, yeah. All righty! First, surprise round from all of you guys, catching them off-guard. Up first is Percy. Over here? Okay. The guards, you can see, are wearing dark studded leather armor, no cloaks. Both have rapiers or stilettos, daggers on their sides. They look at the sudden intrusion and begin going for their weapons. You caught them off guard. 22 does hit. All righty. All righty. Does the repair take an action? Okay, so you're fine. It does not break. Cool. That's your turn. One shot off. The blast rings out. As you fire the pepperbox, it misfires, and you quickly throw one of your tools in the air, catch it, and with one swift movement you unblock the passageway, click it back up into its place. Out of the corner of your eye, you turn, and for the first time in five years, you see, standing behind the desk, Sir Kerrion Stonefell. Visually, nearly the same as the last day you saw, except maybe a bit of white on the sides of the hair. Armored with a nice set of relatively ornate leather armor, blue hues and blacks. The hair itself is this tousled brown. There's a boyish charisma to him, if he wasn't such an asshole. And the moment you see him, there's this boiling rage from within just to have that moment of sight. There's a look of complete confusion, as he has no idea who any of you are. You look like paupers that literally burst into his office. That ends your turn, Percy. Grog, you're up. All righty! All righty! Minus five to hit. What did you roll? That definitely misses. As you swing in, (nervous yell) just ducks out of the way, and even though he's older, he reacted pretty quickly. Your weapon slams into the ground, splintering some of the wood. You peel back for a second attack. 23 does hit! Plus ten damage. 27 points of damage, ooh! So, as he ducks out of the way, you bring up the hammer a second time and (whack) smack him right square in the chest. (grunts) The wind escapes him for a moment and the flames lick across the front of his chest. He catches himself on the table between the sofa and chair behind him. Gets back on his feet. Looks to you for a second and pulls out two short swords. "I don't know who you are, but you're going to regret this!" Grog looks like an oafish butcher. Tubby on the sides, an oldish, middle-aged looking man. Scruffy beard. Scanlan does his best on that one. Whatever other visual you want to-- Huge potbelly. Grog, that ends your turn? All right. In theory, it is a surprise round. So you may have had advantage on that first strike, so go ahead and roll it. Roll damage again. We'll say this is an additional third strike in reaction to him pulling his blades out. (wham) The hammer slams him a second time and he almost drops his weapons. The actual end table he's resting on shatters beneath him and he, (grunts) has to get back up onto his feet. Looking genuinely fearful now. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. Correct. Best you can tell, they're both in studded leather armor. They don't look like guards, like armored, they look like thugs that are essentially there to watch. About how far in? That guy there. That guy there? All right, you're going to attempt to Dominate Person. What's the DC on that? Wisdom. He rolled a 17. That's a fail. He is currently Dominated by Scanlan. Good to know. So, as he pulls his heavy crossbow out, loads it, and aims it towards you, looks over his shoulder for a second, and trains it on his boss. Sir Kerrion looking confused by this whole circumstance. That ends your turn? All right. Keyleth, Vax, and Vex, take your surprise rounds now. Well, it's two additional attacks against the one arrow. So you'd get four attacks in one round, essentially. Which guy? There's two bad guys in there. Sir Kerrion? All right, go for it. 28 hits. Correct. That was one of them. You fire it, it splits into three along the way, and you roll for each attack on each arrow. No. 18 unfortunately does not hit, either. And you still get a fourth attack with your second-- So the first arrow does an additional lightning damage. You haven't used your bonus action, so yes you can. Two eyes going all-- 29 does hit, yes. Okay, gotcha. So your arrows split, two of them embedding into the actual desk itself and exploding with a burst of electricity. A third one strikes him in the chest and you can see it stick in the armor and (boof) jolt him for a second. He backs up a little bit, catching himself on the edge of the desk as the final arrow comes and strikes him in the shoulder. He cuts off the shaft of the arrow as it hits (grunts) out of anger and frustration. This little boy. Do you want to move at all? You would've had to move into the room to do that shot because you were outside in the hallway. You were in the hallway when that happened, so I'd say you'd have to be in the room to shoot them. Where would you want to be? Right there in the door? Best you can tell, it looks like a very high quality studded leather. Yeah. Yeah, you can do that. You guys are the last ones to go. As a thing of note, a storm cloud appears in the shape of a cylinder that is ten feet tall with a 60-foot radius centered on a point you can see in the air. The room won't fit it, unfortunately. It says if you're in a room that can't accommodate the cloud, it can't appear. If you want to consider your next move, Vax can go. Right there? Go for it. Just the dice. No, the sneak attack damage, as well, but just the modifiers don't get doubled. Surprise rounds. Yep. 81 points of damage in one round of combat. As you land on the desk, your daggers bypass the armor and they find their way through the top of the armor and sink past the clavicles into the deep portion of the chest. He (choking noise) from the impact and you hear him choke and blood splatters up from his throat. He reaches up and grabs your hands and lifts them off out of the wound. You see a gout of blood pour from the wound as you reach back and stab him a third time with the dagger as you catch yourself on the desk. He reaches up and kicks you, forcing you to get back on your feet with your daggers at the ready. The blood's beginning to pour. It's not a mortal wound, but it's looking really bad for him. He's not on death's door, but that definitely took him down a few pegs. (laughs) He looks at you and growls. Draws two rapiers from his side. Yeah. Make an insight check. 27. Nothing yet has given away any sort of essence of that. He doesn't look particularly pale. He definitely looks wounded and unhappy. Sure. After the first hit-- Right. Okay. I'm usually under the impression that after the first hit, they're no longer surprised. They know you're there. That's true. I'll allow it. Yeah. Okay. So, yeah, he's not happy. Really not happy. Okay. All right. That ends your turn. Keyleth, what are you doing? You are now filling up the entirety of the double-door frame right now. At your size, you can't quite get to him, unfortunately. You can try and move around this way, maybe. You will probably take an attack of opportunity from this guy, but you can try and move around. What's your movement? Yeah, you can do that. You move around and you get over there. It's not flanking, no. Yeah, it's not flanking per se. I mean, you're adjacent to him. You'd have to be on opposite sides to flank. Okay. So you move into that guy there. Yeah, this little peasant girl just went (growls). That'll hit. He rolled a 12. He's knocked prone. How much damage was it? Six points of piercing damage? He's knocked prone. (impact sound) Falls on the ground. What attack was it? Was it bite? No. All right. Is that your turn? All right. That ends the surprise round. Now we're at the top again. Percy, you're up. The one over here? All righty. 21 hits. 21 points of damage. All right, (gunshot sound) you fire. There's a burst of flame that gouts out the side of the pepperbox, (impact sound) blasting into the chest of the guard off to the side. He's thrown against the wall from the sheer force of it. Reaches down and grabs his chest and looks at it, and you can see there's this red crimson across his hand, as you've actually blown a piece of his leather armor open and you can see the wound in his chest. There's a little bit of blood trickling out of his mouth, and he looks angry at you. 17 hits. 21 points of damage, nice. (gunshot) You blast him, this time on the other side of the shoulder, you can see now this armor is now torn open exposing the wound here and his arm's now hanging to one side. He's (grunts). He's looking in severe pain and barely hanging on at this point. 20 to hit. It hits. Eight points of damage. All right, this is the final one as he's looking at himself; he's like (pained noises), angrily looks at you, picks his crossbow up and aims it at you. Before he gets a chance to, you aim your third shot, (gunshot) firing, hitting him right in the center of the head, (impact noise) blasting out part of his face, his body spins, and then he falls over into the plant in the corner, slumped over it there. Okay. 26 hits. Plus an additional d6 points of damage for that. So, as you go around and fire from the barrel, the shot fires out. And as you recoil you guys, for those who are noticing off to the side, this dark smoke's beginning to slowly pour out of Percy's body, out of his eyes and his ears and the hand on the gun. There's black smoke beginning to emit from his body and beginning to envelop the gun arm. For those who are paying attention, which right now would be pretty much just Scanlan and Vex. Okay. Damn! With the additional d6, by the way. With the additional d6. All dice rolled double. Then add the modifier. Okay. (gunshot) The first blast hits and you can see the cloak is blown off the shoulder and set aflame and actually burns to cinders in the corner. Sir Kerrion looks down and is like (grunts), and is looking very, very curiously. The second shot rings out (gunshot), and at this point now the smoke is wreathing your entire arm, the gun isn't even visible, it's just this giant column of smoke. (gunshot) The second shot rings out, this time hitting him in the side of the neck and the shoulder, blowing a chunk off of it so part of the bone is now sticking out it's like (noise of pain). He reaches back with his arm and is like with the rapier up, clutching it for a second and leans over and looks back over and is (pained panting) "Ripley." To drop the spell? You can do it on your turn. All right, so. So. That finishes Percy's turn. It is now Sir Kerrion Stonefell's turn. Kerrion's going to use a bonus action to use Second Wind. And that was with the head shot, you said? And deals damage, right? Okay. Sir Kerrion is going to, in the circumstance, is going to move this way just to hide alongside Vax, and since you're on top-- his both rapiers out, and you just jammed your daggers in, is going to do a flurry of four strikes against you. With disadvantage on all the attacks. Yeah. 16, the first attack? All right. Rolled a one on the second. That is a 21 on the third attack. And, no, that's a 14 on the fourth attack. That disadvantage just-- swinging wide, gets one hit on you. That is eight points of piercing damage against you. That finishes Sir Kerrion. Sir Kerrion is now going to-- He's actually going to take a step back towards the wall. You get an attack of opportunity. All right. That hits. All righty. Steps back and slams his fist against the wall (thudding). So, that ends Kerrion's turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, go for it! Yeah, 24 hits. 24 hits. Are you going into a frenzied rage? All righty. Gotcha. (whack) Is this with the fire damage as well from the hammer? Yeah. so the hammer strikes across the back, the broadside of his shoulders and back. (grunts) Looks up at you and looks over at Sir Kerrion being annihilated behind the desk and is trying to nervously gauge his circumstance. Second strike smacks him upside his body and he's like (panting) and he's trying to take in the surroundings and figure out a plan. All right, are you going to stay where you are? It is now Master Vouk's turn. You have not heard his name yet, but it's his turn. He's going to use a-- okay. He's going to use a bonus action to disengage from you. He's going to back away just one step that way. Use his action to-- Actually, instead, he's not going to use bonus action to disengage, he's going to use a bonus action to use Misty Step. Vanishes, reappears over by the wall. Uses the action to cast a level three Invisibility on both him and Sir Kerrion Stonefell. So they are both considered invisible at the moment. Not from that, unfortunately; it's an immediate teleport. So he just vanishes from in front of you. We'll say, for the purposes of this, they are both currently invisible. And that's going to end-- Correct, his turn hasn't come up yet. Now it becomes Scanlan's turn. Okay. Stinking Cloud appears. What's the radius on that? I think it's a 20-foot radius, isn't it? Okay, cool. So you just filled this entire hallway. You can keep it localized to that area, you'll just be in your own cloud. You stop just short of the door and fill this whole area with a Stinking Cloud. Okay. So Stinking Cloud is not yet up. Okay. So, next round. You are up next. You take your d10 inspiration. Confused, but accept the inspiration. A chuckle in the middle of a hearty battle is always worth a little inspiration. You step into the room. At that point, you trigger your action to release the Stinking Cloud. You want to stay there? You're just outside of the radius. What are you doing, Vex? Surprise round, and they're lowest on the initiative count. Okay. Which one? I will say you don't really have visual on him from that position. Now you can see, yeah. Okay, go for it. You have advantage on the attack roll because he is prone. 27 hits. All righty. Okay. If it's ten feet, he's not there. It'd just be Keyleth and Sir Kerrion. Makes it, 21, actually, exactly. Okay, 19. As it snaps and it bursts, the electricity shockwaves out, he shakes and on the ground takes in the effect. The blast seems to-- is it half damage if they make the save? No, it's to anybody within radius. Okay, so roll 1d8. Okay. So one damage to you, and one damage to Sir Kerrion. You see a spark of energy around the invisible form as it wavers in place. All right. That ends your turn. Vax? All right. Was that the last thing you wanted to do with your turn? I think if you attack him. That was more of the burst in the vicinity. All right. At disadvantage on all the attacks. Why do you get advantage? Disadvantage on weapon strikes because he's invisible. Yeah, you're swinging in the area, and you can't get blades to find any of his physical person. You're striking and arcing across the wooden wall behind him, causing these giant gashes. All right, that ends your turn. Unless you want to stay where you are right there? You probably would've had to move up there to attack him. Oh, you're just throwing the daggers, right? Okay, so you're just throwing the daggers from the desk? Okay, that ends your turn. Now, Keyleth. Drop your wolf form. Okay. Yeah, so both of their forms all of a sudden are outlined by this sparking purple halo that shows you directly where they are. All right. So that's your turn? You going to move anywhere? Okay. Okay, as you back up an invisible form that just got revealed swings out at you with a rapier, an attack of opportunity. At disadvantage on the attack. He has advantage on her because he's-- although-- You can see him, that's true. Faerie Fire kind of made this weird. Indeed. Just a minute, folks. Lot of overlapping effects, here, because everyone has magic. Yeah, it doesn't benefit from Invisible. It's at disadvantage. It has disadvantage on the attack. That is-- And 15. Yeah, so (whoosh) as you back up. All right. That ends your turn. Now, this guard gets up, (grunts) gets his crossbow, aims it up and, looking around the room, aims it, this would be-- seeing his friend turn on his boss briefly after you shouted that song at him, is going to turn the crossbow on you. Yes. That's going to be a 16 to hit? 17! All right. So, as it comes towards you, you just duck out of the way and it passes and snags into the wall behind you (arrow landing sound). No hit. The thug is then going to drop the crossbow on the ground and rushing up, pull out a mace that was hanging from the side of its belt and engage you right there. This guy is going to attempt to make two attacks against Master Vouk Strono. Has advantage on them because Faerie Fire. That hits. And, two attacks with a mace. That is 18. Yeah, hits with both. (whack whack) With the mace both times. That guy? No, he's attacking the guy that's invisible. (laughter) Yeah. 19. Yeah, he does not make it. Still under control. That ends the thugs' turn. Top of the round. Percy, you're up! Sir Kerrion, okay. It does not benefit from invisibility and you have advantage. Yes, you do. Vox Machina broken. (laughter) 16 to hit? Misses. 20 does hit. 15. (gunshot) You see one blast hits the wall and causes part of the wood to splinter outward. The second shot impacts the partially invisible form. You can see a splash of blood across the desk in front. Partially spattering across Vax and one of his guards. So, Percy how do you want to do this? This is against Sir Kerrion. Percy. Currently visible, at your disposal, Sir Kerrion. You have enough of a shot to finish him off. The smoke is pushing you, "Vengeance. Vengeance. Vengeance." Repeatedly echoing in the back of your mind. How do you want to do this? Okay. You pull the mask down, the bird-beaked element to the mask now wreathed in smoke, resembling, very closely, the entity that made the original bargain with you. With that, the little bit of wreathed magical energy you can barely make out an expression of horror on the face before the resounding blast sound rocks the room. The actual bullet itself a trail of black smoke behind it as it impacts the front of Sir Kerrion's face. The entirety of his head caving inward as the back splatters across the scarred wooden wall behind him. The body slumps to the ground immediately. You guys all glance over at Percy. You don't even see Percy, you just see a humanoid entity made of black swirling smoke energy with the peaked beak of his mask poking through. Can you move a Faerie Fire? I think when you use it, it just stays where it was. Could be wrong, but I'm pretty sure that's how it works. From there, it's 20 foot, no. Not from where you placed it right on him, unfortunately. That's okay. Yeah, no, it just happens once. With that, you recoil from it and the voice echoes in the back of your head, going "Yes." You drop it (impact sound). Okay. Okay, that's your turn. Sir Kerrion is gone. Annihilated. That brings us to Grog. Right there, okay. So you move up to him, (whoosh) swinging the hammer wide. 15 just hits. 23 hits. Okay. So as you rush up, you can see, it's pulled out its mace and is swinging it in a wide arc towards Vax. As soon as you rush up, it looks to you out of the corner of the eye, drops the mace and before the mace can hit the ground, your hammer actually swings around, hits the mace, and then both your hammer and the mace slam into the side of his head, pushing him down onto the desk. Stunned, blood spatters across the wood as he's (gasping) twitching on the table, already done. And you swing the hammer, lift it up, (impact sound), like Gallagher performance, the head just (explosion noise). (groaning) Vouk is currently looking very-- Yeah, he's Vouk-ed. All right. Is going to cast Haste on himself and is going to run, dropping invisibility, and leaping through that window. The guard gets an attack of opportunity, and Keyleth does. The guard has advantage. A three. No, the guard misses, with a mace. No, this would be with your staff. You just (whack). 13 damage? All righty. As you smack him at that point-- It brings him exactly to zero. (cheering) All right. That ends his turn (laughs). Wow. Man. Surprise rounds, man. You guys are nasty. All right. Scanlan, you're up. Yeah. I mean, you can cancel it, but otherwise he's just-- Yeah, you can tell him. You can't tell him to attack himself. Technically, Stinking Cloud is a concentration spell. So if you were to maintain concentration on that, you would lose your Domination. So it's your call. Which one do you want to maintain? Okay. So the Stinking Cloud fades from the hallway. I believe it is. Spells like that usually are, if it's to maintain-- This is where that circlet would come in handy. You will be able to shortly. It's all right. He's used it pretty well a couple of times. Cool. Good to know. That ends your turn. Is anyone going to take any specific actions? Okay. While you guys all do that, the guard leaves the room. You hear a few whispers in the hallway, a conversation with a person unseen. The conversation fades and the guard walks back, seemingly job done. Also is going to make a wisdom saving throw. That is a 17? He remains dominated. You guys now-- For the moment, the threat seems to have subsided. At the moment. You're still in the house and there's still, apparently, things in the house. Whether it'd be guards or other individuals in the house that are on edge as they heard a series of gunshots ring out, screams, and other sorts of cacophony. The fact that this is even right now being handled is a very lucky series of rolls on his part. So you're going through Sir Kerrion's body. He has two rapiers, so it's like holding a stiletto. He has a potion of greater healing on him. Never got round to actually using it. Okay. As you finish gashing the name out on the side of the metal and start breathing, you can see the name itself begin to glow with a slight dull purple glow and burn away from the metal, leaving just the scratch marks. From his body, you have two rapiers, regular rapiers, studded leather armor that is enchanted with a plus one bonus, and that potion of greater healing. So you can mark those down. Okay. Going through the desk? Go ahead and make an investigation check. Yeah. You find wax seals, you find parchment, you find pocket change, about six or seven gold pieces just left in there. On himself though, on his actual person, on Sir Kerrion's body, you find about 320 gold pieces as his own personal fund. Looking through the desk, you find mentions of the bridge plan to move between the two continents. To go across the channel to Wildmount. Basically plans, the discussion, a lot of what they were planning to do with Emon. You also find a small notebook that just has some hand notes of his. Okay. So mark that down. He's currently-- He's got to zero hit points, he's bleeding out. Which he does not; he's still dominated. Doesn't make his save. All right. He seems momentarily confused before the blow of the-- Are you hitting him with the blade or pommel? Yeah, he was unconscious and he was making his death saving throws. I was treating him for that circumstance. When you go straight to zero like that, you know-- Okay. 32. He is (impact noise) from barely damaged to nothing. He goes immediately unconscious in the corner, face down, in the middle of a bookcase. Okay. (gasps, chokes) (muffled moaning) (muffled murmur) (affirmative grunt) (sounds uncertain) (affirmative grunt) (sounds ambiguous) (negative grunt) (sounds ambiguous) (sounds sad) (affirmative grunting) (eager affirmative grunting) Okay. Suddenly he goes (muffled panic noises). (whimpers) (grunts in agreement) (gasping for breath) "Please don't kill me. I can show you a secret entrance into the castle. "I know a way in." "I don't think so. They've closed it off. If you can find a way through, they won't expect it." "There is one, yes, yes, in the forest. Look, I can bring you to their project room under "the castle, what they're working on. Please don't kill me." "They've been-- They've been working on something. It's hard to describe. I've only been "there once. It's beyond my interests, but it is part of the reason they even took this place." "Aye." "She's powerful, I'll give you that. She scares me more than the two of them." "It's more difficult than expected, aye." "It's under the castle. It's under the city. All the caverns are there. I can show you how to "get there, I've been there. They've taken me." "Stuff grows. It's how we do the farming." "I don't know. Maybe it has something to do with what they're doing under the castle." "It's an excavation, or they're building something. I don't know the details of it." "Comparatively, I'm just a peasant to them. I work with-- well, I worked with Kerrion." "Five years." "Yes, yes. I was part of the incursion." He hears the crinkling of paper. (scared, fast breathing) "No." He looks down at his bound arms and legs. "It's right--" He spits and puts a little droplet. It's loosely in the area of the western side of the mountain that the castle is built on. Roughly around the entrance where you escaped when you and Cassandra left Whitestone, five years before. "No! I can show you-- I can show you where their project is. The tunnels. You need me." "Not often. They don't need to. Kerrion does the work for them. Did the work for them." "Lady Briarwood does. She's the one who made them." "She's strong with necromancy, she is." There isn't even a slow scuffle. You just reach in and (wet ripping noise, pained scream) You immediately jam the cloth back in. The cloth begins to slowly soak with blood. You hold almost a pound of muscle a now motionless tongue in your hand, bloody at its base. These tears are running down his face. (muffled sobbing and coughing) You pull the cloth out. (pained cry and choking sounds) (noises of pain) He starts screaming in pain as you're burning what into his head, the symbol of the de Rolo family? He looks over at the body of Sir Kerrion, which is still slumped against the wall. He falls out into the rain, (boof) falling on his side. (whimpers) He's being rained on, and he's trying to struggle with his bindings. Okay, then he gets to his feet and starts running. Are you leaving Sir Kerrion's body? Are you leaving Sir Kerrion's body to burn with the house? He threw one of them out. Flying out the window that you just shattered. You fly up. The rain is coming down on you. It's a little hard to fly. You get up to the top of the roof. You transform into yourself again? All righty. Okay. As you guys head back down to the cellar? You guys all head back down to the cellar. You throw them both out the window, including the body of Sir Kerrion (boof) out into the yard. You head back down into the cellar. Okay. It will take you a few minutes. You now see, as you're finishing the symbol, Vouk running to the front of the building, and you hear the voices of two guards going, "Master Vouk? What "happened? Tell us. Unbind him!" "Yes, sir." And the two guards at the front of the building are talking with him. You finish the symbol. Okay. You're on the roof, so you don't see them, but you know they're off to the side of the roof, so you can roll it off the roof down to them. They both freak out and react and seem to get into a defensive position. They start arming themselves, and you hear crossbow bolts being set into place. You guys make your ways back down through the cellar, where Trinket's waiting patiently. (bear grunts) You guys come out of the cellar now. Catch Keyleth. You guys are now out in the open, still during the day, rain pouring down. The barracks are attached to the castle. Stealth check real fast, guys. If you want to quickly, yeah. Stealth checks? Yeah. Sure enough, both guards rush around the corner. You guys have already leapt over the fence. However, they see the fence. "The fence is bent!" And they go rushing toward that direction. You guys have already disappeared into the various alleyways, making your way back towards the inn in the center of town. Okay. They're giving chase. They're hearing the sounds of your footsteps a little, but eventually their sounds fade. You do hear in the distance a bell start going off. You start seeing people emerging from their homes, hearing the bell. And, you would know this, this would be a warning bell for whenever a fire breaks out in the city. You see smoke beginning to rise up, even through the rainstorm. The fire is fighting the rain. But the smoke is black and it's starting to fade. You gather the building itself did not catch fire enough to burn into rubble due to the rain, but you've probably left a very visible mark on the roof. People begin to gather from the outside, and you see folks running past the alley as you make your way back to the tavern that you currently have as your base of operations. You all make your way in safely from the rain. Take a deep breath and come to understand that you've definitely started the motion of whatever it is you're intending to do. We'll see how it plays out in the near future. We'll call the session there for the night. Yeah, sure. Very, very cool, and well done, sir. No. We're trying to keep time down for weeknights. All right, guys, so we have donating tonight to Extra Live, we have Connor Brown, Steven Sudeban Davis, Ravi Persuad, Mitchell DeFow-- sorry if I ruin any of these names, guys, by the way-- Tom Revely, Caleb Popum, Michael Holloway, George Rinn, PumpkinSpiceThisBitchTheFourth, Anonymous Donator, we have Patrick Toro, the Lost Tigers, Rebecca Case, Lewis Letter, Emma returns, Emma Engquist, I hope I'm not ruining that too bad, Pernil Ilfsen-- that's a cool name-- Arthur Gibbs, another wonderful anonymous donator, Maxine Poloquin, another great anonymous donator, Christian Huntlee, James Bell, John Reap, Killer Penguin, Monica Dahl, Kayla Ernest, Tim Pearson, another great anonymous donator, PumpkinSpiceThisBitch twice more-- Oh, it carried over, I see. I see. The original and the second. There's a third one in there, probably. Guys, thank you so much. It's really incredible, each one of you that donated to help Extra Life. We really appreciate it. I almost wanna see the tristache. Tristache is when you shave the handlebar, and then a smaller handlebar, and then a smaller-- (laughter) Fantastic, thank you so much. That's gonna be worth its own weight in gold. Well, all right, guys, we'll be back next week for our special Halloween episode of Critical Role. We'll see how the story progresses darker and darker down this hole of horror and moral conundrum. (laughs) I'm excited. I hope you are too. Once again, guys, thank you all so much. Our love to the Team Hooman, Critter crowd out there, and is it Thursday yet? See you guys next week.