Hello everybody! Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and roll dice and play Dungeons & Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer. I am the Dungeon Master of the show. Before we get started, let's go ahead and run through our announcements for the evening. First, I wanted to let you guys know that tonight-- tomorrow, I'm sorry. Tomorrow is the last day to preorder your Dagger Dagger Dagger shirt. Is it also the last day to do the Strongjaw Ale? Strongjaw Ale and Dagger Dagger Dagger shirts. You do need them. Yeah, we've got some shirts held for you. Yep. So you have until tomorrow to get those, so go to the Geek and Sundry store to preorder if you're interested. Yay! Next up, a reminder, me and Marisha are flying out bright and early tomorrow morning to Pittsburgh for Tekko! We're going to be doing awesome panels on voiceover and gaming and all points nerdy on the Internet in between, as well as signings and autographs and all that fun stuff. So if you're in the area and you want to find a place that's warm, we'll be there in the convention, so hopefully we'll see you guys over the weekend. Indeed. Next up, I get to announce, coming up as part of a celebration for International Tabletop Day and a sponsorship by Pathfinder and Syrinscape, who have been fantastic in getting this program for me in this game as well, we're going to be doing an event called "Critical Role One Shot" on April 18th, Monday, at 7 to 10 PM. We're going to be taking over Ivan's No Survivors slot that evening to run a Pathfinder one-shot that I'll be running. However, Ivan will actually be playing as a player in that one. I know! What, what? (gunshot) Mind blown. Destroyed. Ivan will be playing. We also will have guesting players of Taliesin and Marisha in that game as well, and we have two special guests that evening who will be playing with us the illustrious Ashly Burch will be joining us for the evening, and the wonderfully talented Phil Lamarr as well. Yeah! So it's going to be a fun night playing Pathfinder. That is April 18th, Monday at 7 PM, Pacific Time. When you're done with your taxes, this is a great way to celebrate. It'll be a fun event, we've got some cool surprises set up for the story, and I'm excited about it, so come and join us 7 PM Pacific, Monday, April 18th for Critical Role One Shot. Also, those of you out there who are members of the Nerd Block, or are looking to be, this upcoming, now live, Nerd Block that is going out has a little surprise in there, a little artistic surprise for fans of Critical Role. They'll have to see. But yeah, those of you out there who want to check it out, we have a fun little insert there in the box. You get to see if you grab one, so check it out and see if it's to your liking. Liam, did you want to talk about--? There you go. Oh, he would. Don't worry. He would be happy to sell that. All right. Do we have anything else you guys wanted to announce before we get started? I'm sure it's cool. I haven't seen it yet. I haven't had a chance, I've been busy working on this shit for you guys! (mock weeping) No, I have to prepare. Cool. All right. Now, we bring it back. I will ask if we could turn that speaker down a little bit. A little bit more. That's good. Great. All right, guys. Let's plug in to the world of Exandria, as we begin tonight's episode of Critical Role. So, last we left off, the adventuring party of Vox Machina, traversing the lands in search of lost artifacts of wars of old, referred to as the Vestiges of Divergence, in hopes of eventually tearing down and defeating a conclave of chromatic dragons called the Chroma Conclave that have destroyed society all across the continent of Tal'Dorei and beyond, you returned to the outskirts of a city named Westruun that was very important in your early adventures, to find it, from a distance, partially destroyed by the dragon attack but a couple weeks before, and since taken over by what seems to be the remnants, now swelling in power and size, of Grog's old herd of wandering barbarians and various savages. Having taken the city by force and ruling it with an iron hand, it was also deemed not the right time to face this foe, and as such the party continued venturing southward in the direction of the Frostweald, where somewhere at the base of the Stormpeak Mountains, the mate of Osysa, the gynosphinx you had met in Vasselheim-- her mate resides somewhere in this vicinity. That's all the information you have to go on as you head down towards the frozen forest. So. That's where we begin. As you guys continue pushing south from Westruun, seeing the distant pillars of dark smoke that slowly drift into the atmosphere disappear as the town itself vanishes over the horizon, you continue to push southward through the open grass fields. You continue traveling for the better part of a day, eventually coming up along the side of the Silvercut Channel, which is the river that comes down and cuts through near Kraghammer to the west of Westruun. It goes past Kymal and then eventually heads down in this direction, towards the Foramere Basin. You guys, travelling fairly quickly, as you're in your mist forms, which is making up a lot of the normal travel time you would have to worry about here, by the time the sun finally begins to set across the mountains-- pay attention, please. Sorry. I've got plenty of things I could throw in here if you guys aren't paying attention! No, it's really funny for me. As you guys continue pushing southward, as the sun slowly begins to set in the distance, you glance over towards the Foramere Basin. You can see, just over to the right, the city of Kymal, which has lights glimmering in the far distance. But what you see by the basin itself is this large lake that is centered in this region just north of the Frostweald. You can see where the two main rivers diverge before heading southward towards the ocean. There's a smattering of various tents that are clustered right towards the side of the riverbank and the edge of the lake itself. As you continue coasting overhead in your mist forms, you see small trails of smoke from smoldering campfires, clusters of people and families wandering the shore in this small group. You continue going forward? You don't have to, you can keep going. It looks like it, yeah. There's probably a few dozen, close to maybe 50, 60. You can't really tell from this distance, especially as the light is beginning to slowly diminish. As you coast down closer, you get a better look, and yeah, there are about 50, 60 or so people on the outside. You don't have an idea of how many are inside the tents. Even more, most likely. But these tents are fairly ramshackle, barely standing, the people look destitute. They look like they're holding onto survival here on the outside of the city. You see a few boats that are going in and out on the shore, probably fishermen. There are a few bonfires that are now starting to kick up as the night's cold begins to swell in. It looks like this is a fairly "thriving," a fairly functional refugee camp. Okay. These are open grasslands, there aren't a lot of trees, and they're spotted around. There are a few rock formations and small hills, you might be able to get out of sight. So you coast around there and you go back into your physical form. The rest of you follow? It's probably thigh-length. For you, close to the knee. So you guys set down maybe 300 feet from the outside of the nearest part of the camp, reconstitute into your physical forms. At this point, the sun has now disappeared over the horizon and the blues have now gone to orange, to purple, and you can see in the distance the darkness of night is starting to crest over the sky. What do you want to do? Go ahead and roll an intelligence check Though the magic is new to you, you've spent in your first time casting it and a large part of the evening, especially since you realized you weren't going to have as fun a night as you thought, after the broom had been taken and Vex left your room, learning the intricacies of the spell itself and the pocket dimension that is created. You can fit quite a few people in there. However, it is stationary in its entrance and exit and then once the spell comes to completion after a 24-hour period, it expels anyone and anything that was brought into it, on the spot where it was originally cast. This is true. As the night takes over, it's still quite a distance to be able to make out a lot of detail. You'd probably have to get closer. But you're going alone? Twins going together? Why don't you both roll a stealth check? No. You are in the plains. All right. There's no-- (annoyed hmm) This is true, actually. It's more of a rose bush. So as you guys push forward, pushing and stalking through the grass, you come to about 40, 50 feet outside. And there's a little bit of chatter, it's hard to make out at this distance but the people seem to, not necessarily be jovial. Almost like they've accepted the circumstances and are just surviving it for the time being. There are a few individuals that are armed, though the armor itself seems patchwork, or you know, not the best or most trained of individuals currently guarding this group of survivors. But there are patrols going around, people keeping a close look, there are torches being lit now as people begin walking-- Not from this distance. With your darkvision you can make out the outline of the very, very nearest individuals, the guards in particular. But at this distance, nobody catches your eye that you'd be able to make out much detail on, that you would recognize. (chuckling) You don't know that. As far as you know, you're so hidden. No, they're just wandering. Just patrolling Okay. I'll have you both roll perception checks, if you could. Okay. You two, at about the same time, focus best you can. You have to scoot a little bit closer once the guard that's nearest to you passes by. You wait for your moment, scoot up close, get by one of the tents, and look off to the side. There are a few folks that catch your attention a little bit. There's one that was Elowen Brist, who was the mother of the first child that went missing in Westruun. You see her, with her daughter who's a little bit older now that you guys helped save her. A little dirty but alive. They wander off. You scan through the crowd, keeping an eye out for the guard as well. No one really catches your attention. You see one older gentleman that walks by, 60s, not completely withered away. But, you know, older but carries himself with much importance. Very expensive clothing, reds and blues. It seems like he's attempting to hold a social station, even though in his current location, society has crumbled. He doesn't really catch your attention as anyone you recognize, but the person to the left of him is a very familiar-looking elven man, with long brown hair slicked over and behind his ears. This is Drez Vina, who originally contacted you when you arrived in Westruun. He's looking a little rough, too. This has not been the kindest time to any of these people. (laughing) That's not him at all. That's Abjurist Noja. MARISHA and TALIESIN (in unison) Oh. Abjurist Noja. He had a Master. Here, I should step in here and clarify-- (laughter) No, I know. Drez Vina came to you under the pretense that he was working for an individual called the Master, he called him his Master, who was interested in hiring your services. Originally sent you into the mage tower of Eskil Ryndarien, the Realmseer, to steal the brass box with the pearl top. However, you did not steal it and instead you ended up befriending the Archmage. Yes, he let you pick something from his array of items. Drez then found you guys at your inn, a number of weeks later. And Drez was very unhappy that you both didn't return with the item, and used a very powerful and expensive object that was part of this endeavor, and never paid it back. So, to pay back your debt, he sent you guys to the Druid Barrow where you had to retrieve this cortex, this magical gem that was embedded in the center of-- Yep. Where you fought the golem. And you retrieved the cortex successfully, and that's the last you've seen of him. Elowen. I'm pretty sure, let me check my notes. Yeah, Elowen. Elowen Brist. Go ahead and roll a performance check. Yes. Okay. Plus 14? Okay. Okay, so, as you guys begin strolling up, immediately you see torches (fire sounds). You see guards come forward, two of them with nocked crossbows. "Who goes there? And they don't really recognize-- they're all looking at this source of singing. Crossbows-- The guards slowly drop their crossbows. "What's your business?" "We've already got enough mouths to feed. Move along." Make a persuasion check. While their crossbows are notched, they haven't lowered them completely, they're still on guard and still nervous of your approach. One of them glances over at the other one. One of the guards who was paying attention walks away and they all raise their crossbows again and just train them on you guys for the next few minutes. One of the guards takes a moment and gives you an eye and just goes-- "I remember seeing you around town. You were-- Oh man, jeez, it's good to see you." "Sorry if I gave you any trouble back in the day. I was young and stupid." "I mean no offense, but we're very guarded with your kind at the moment." At which point the guard that had left comes back with Elowen. She walks up with her tightly braided reddish hair with a little bit of grey on the sides, that probably has come since the last time you've seen her and the experience of having her child gone so long. It's taken a physical toll on her. But there is a smile on her face. Now she looks over and focuses her eyes-- "That's them! That's them! Let them in, let them in." And she runs forward immediately and gives a big hug to you, Vex. And starts moving through, and, you know, just this big smile and surprise. And you can see her little boy Simon come up to the side. Simon, who last time you saw, you were retrieving him from the pocket dimension that the Dread Emperor had called his domain. At which point, there's a few quick pleasantries, as she says hello again. She says "Please, please come in. Please. It's fine. They're trustworthy." And the guards nod. And they follow behind, not in an aggressive way but just in a being-careful kind of way. So you have two people, two armed individuals flanking you the entire walk that you guys are doing, but it's at ease. "Hi!" "This many-- " He puts up nine fingers. "Thank you." He freezes up. He's gotten a little shy at the interaction. "Really?" "Yes." (laughter) He locks up again. Snakes and women have the same reaction to this poor little boy. He gives you a stern look. And the snake just wraps around him for a second. He goes (giggles) and starts laughing. Reaches up and rubs his ear from the tickle. He has a big smile on his face now. "That's so cool." (sighs) "Well, we're one group. Many went to Kymal, but they're at capacity now, and based on "many of the farming fields that were destroyed or burned by the dragon ransacking, there's only so "much food to go around, so they had to turn us away. But there were some small farming "communities along the river that were kind enough to take us in and we're... we're getting by." "Hoping to find out if anything takes care of the problems in Westruun. You should probably "talk to Cornelius. I don't know the details of everything happening." "No, no. Cornelius is rather-- he's not very well-dressed. He--" And she scratches her head. "He used to be the bookbinder in Westruun but when everything fell apart, he rose up and took the "lead in keeping everyone safe and so, I mean, he won't say it, but we kind of look to him as a "leader for now." "I think he did business with them, but I don't think he worked directly with." "Here. Let me take you." She walks over and, as you guys are talking to Simon, she scoops Simon up and pulls him to her side and gives you guys a smile of acknowledgement. "Come," and leads you guys-- You guys are led through. Most of the folks stop what they're doing and pay attention. Some look wary and guarded. Others, you see their faces brighten up as they begin to connect the dots between the whispers they've heard of Vox Machina throughout the landscape and the individuals walking through. Most everyone seems to have a somewhat visceral emotional reaction once Grog passes by. It does catch you. You know, as a person who has always stuck out against the society as it was, and you've worked hard to a degree to get some respect, especially in that city. Having so many eyes on you, and you can feel the, while unearned from your standpoint, the heaps of hatred that are thrust upon you by how you look right now is uncomfortable. Eventually, the guards and Elowen bring you guys up to a central tent around what looks like a larger bonfire in the center where a lot of people are starting to bring their big nets of fish over and starting to divvy it out and set up small cooking arrangements so that people for the evening can have their dinner. She walks up to the edge of tent, speaks to one of the guards, mentions you guys and your wanting to talk to Cornelius. The guard leans in, shouts off to the side, "Cornelius, you've got some visitors. Is "that okay?" A voice muffles through, "That's fine. Go ahead and let them in." The guard pulls open the tent, and at this point Elowen says, "I'm going to go get my son some food. If you need "anything, just ask around." "Thank you guys, again." She rubs Simon's head and walks off. And as she walks off with him, he keeps looking over his shoulder at you the whole time, with a big smile on his face. You guys walk into the tent, and it smells like a tent that's been lived in for a couple weeks. The interior's not fancy by any means. It's blankets and burlap, and whatever functions to guard against the relatively muddy shores of the river. And you get a sense that most places here, just because of the landscape and how close it is to the river, mud is tracked everywhere. So it's mostly caked ground. There is a small cot on the far edge and there is a table set up and some elements of dried fish that are just being pulled from a sack on the side. And there are two guards, and you can see what appears to be Cornelius coming to greet you, as you enter. A man in his mid-40's, blondish hair with a scruffy, unkempt beard. You get the sense that he's a working man. His hands look calloused. He's got a layer of just dirt and grime across his brow that tells you he's definitely one who gets in the thick of it when it's needed. And you can see why in this circumstance people put trust into a person that can rise up amongst all the chaos from simple means and prove themselves to want to help everybody. And in the moment he smiles, you immediately see also why people follow him. He's got this bright, toothy, white smile, and he puts his hand out immediately to each of you. "Pleasure "to meet you. I'm Cornelius." "So, I'm told that you all are here to talk to me? What's this about?" "Well, counts all say that we have upwards of three dragons that came through here and tore "into this city and-- They were gone for a while, and we'd hoped they weren't going to return, but "that's when--" He kinda looks over to you, Grog. "That's when the savages came in and took what was "left. And I mean no offense to that. I recognize you; I've seen you around the town before. You "seem like you're not like your ilk." "That's okay. No one really knows who I am and I want to keep it that way, when all this "blows over." "Don't like all the attention." "We're going into our second week now, I think. We sent a few of our most able-bodied up "north in hopes of trying to figure out if the city was safe to return to, and, well, only a few made "it back, and those that did said it was a bloodbath." "Yeah." "Let's see." He kind of takes a moment to think and does couple marks on the dirt in front of him to do a count. You can see he's not a very numbers-guided person. "I'd say we got probably about close to 60, 70 people left. We used to have more. Then we lost "the scouting parties up north and, well, these past four days we've had a few of these orcish "fuckers been raiding the outskirts of our camp every night and taking goods, people--" "Hah, we got none. We're just staying here and staying alive." "Fish, mainly. I mean, all the farming grounds are destroyed or they're being guarded "currently, and there's no space for us in Kymal. We can keep going east, but--" "We got a few older gnomes from the city. I don't think we have any among us though, no." "How do you mean?" "I appreciate the offer, and--" "Hah. 'Yet.'" "I tell you what. We greatly appreciate the offer, and we're liable to take you up on that at "some point in the near future. But right now, we have too many of our people that are unaccounted "for to the south. We got a couple scouting groups who're trying to find out where these orcs are, "where they've taken them. See if we can retrieve our own before we go ahead and find a new place to live." "Well, we lost 11 in the last few nights of exchange, to blade, and we've lost about nine to "the actual bands themselves, so. There's nine unaccounted for. We're hoping--" "Do you have the means to keep them safe for that kind of travel? That's a long way, up to "Whitestone. We don't have the guards to keep them up on that." "I don't know anything about any of that weird magic stuff, but you seem like a reliable group." "Ain't that the truth. Well--" "Into the Frostweald?" "That's where we're thinking our scouts are saying these orcs are holed up, anyway." "At least, that's where we've been sending our folk. And follow them out there. Only one "group went in after them and they never came back, so--" "Oh, we've gotten one group that came back. That's how we know they're there. But they were "just a scouting party. They got to the outskirts and came back." "I think they're out right now, actually. Going to get more information. Sorry." "Can't say I do. But I do have some stake in this personally, if you don't mind me asking. We "don't have much to offer you, at all, really, other than my gratitude. Tell of a few friends of "ours that've found their way wherever these savage creatures are stationed. One of the individuals "that was taken in a raid two nights ago was my brother, Cyrus. Don't know if he's still amongst "the living, but if you are indeed planning on taking a look at where these orcs are and bring "folks back safe, if you could just keep an eye out for him?" "He's about 15 years younger than me. Shaggy brown hair, bit of a puffy goatee. He looks like a "lazy man. He is a lazy man, but I love him. If you're looking for someone who's hiding in the "corner, shaking in their boots, it's probably him." "It's his defense mechanism." "I hope." His eyes go a little colder at that moment. "I hope." "We've got plenty of folks who aren't feeling too well. Illness and disease, "unfortunately, tend to go hand-in-hand with these type of nomadic lifestyles. We can probably-- "about seven or eight people that could use some relatively immediate attention. Couple survivors "of the recent raids. If you can indeed do this, you might be saving some lives, here." Nope. It would say it next to the spell. Ritual. Okay. You guys are given a relatively ramshackle tent in which you can sleep for the evening, cooked fish-- that's about all they have to offer-- with a few leftover potatoes that appear to have been recently either located amongst their remaining crates, you have no idea, but a passable meal is presented if you'd like, and a place that has cloth over your head. You do recall, last time you were in Whitestone, you left the other half of your gatestone with Pike. Okay. Don't go on break for that! Just move your seating arrangement. You haven't met them, no. You guys are led with Keyleth as well. There are two armed guards that are hobbling their way through their patrols tonight as they've been wounded in the previous orc raid that happened the couple nights beforehand. There are a number of just relatively sick people. Couple of children. Whether it be having to eat whatever was around to stay alive but some of the food had spoiled in travel, or just catching disease as when you have clusters of people in cold environments, especially cold, wet environments like this tonight. It does tend to happen. Nothing seriously life-threatening, but, you know, definitely worrisome. Possibly. And you can organize whoever you'd like. Someone you know, you could bring along. Okay. So you tend to the children, helping them feel comfortable, deal with any wounds, scrapes, relative inconveniences, and it's easy enough for you to take a moment to cure disease if need be. Okay. Yeah, you manage to-- and with Elowen and her son Simon as well-- You see about seven or eight people that could use it. So you can get a bunch of other folks through as well. "I'd be happy to, I--" "Yeah. About your size, lightish hair--" "Right. Yes, I remember. I'll find her, yes." She begins to cover Simon's ears. (laughter) "What?" "All right. All right." So, as the evening comes to completion, you're taking guard for the course of the evening. (bear sound) He curls up. Yeah. Warm, fuzzy. Trinket makes for a very good bed for one. It's just a fart exchange. Back and forth, forever. (laughs) That got weird. Did you want to do anything for the evening? Okay. Make a perception check. Okay. All right. The evening goes by without a hitch. (groans) You all come to consciousness. You eventually get your rest as well for the evening. At this point, the tent city is back to a bustling sound of folks going about their business for the day, what kind of business that can be done. The people that you've requested be sent over to Whitestone have been gathered on the outside, the western side of this small city area, and some of the guards there are prepared to greet you in preparation for sending these people over. No. It's a plain. I mean, there are the occasional small tree, scattered in clusters around, but you're in the grasslands. The forest is south of you guys. I'd say, probably-- No, from this area, it's most of a day's travel. There are trees closer, but the forest is that far. To find a tree large enough to do this is probably going to be about two hours' walking distance. All right. Go ahead and make a perception check. 23. You find, actually, hiding just around the bend of a series of small hills that butt up against the southwestern side of the Foramere Basin, there is a small cluster of trees, one of which is the largest of the group, that may function as a function of this that is only about a 30-minute walk from these. Yeah. You didn't blend in too well, as when you crested over, a number of the families and kids that were prepared were pointing up. "Mom, she's flying!" People were excited to see you take off into the distance. It was quite a display. Well done. Go ahead and roll a dexterity check. Dexterity. So as Vex takes a moment to do some unique tricks with her elaborate and long-running experience directing brooms across the sky, she gets a bit cocky and does a "look, ma, no hands" moment. However, in doing so, the broom sputters out from under the grasp of her legs, and suddenly goes limp as it begins to fall almost as fast as you are, as you both begin to plummet. Unfortunately, you don't have any momentum to go forward, and it's already coasted about 15, 20 feet away from you, and there's nowhere to swim. All the kids are like, "Yay!" Cheering, and all of a sudden you start falling, and they go (screaming). And starts yelling. I want you to go ahead and roll an acrobatics check. 25, okay. So you only suffer nine points of falling damage as you hit the ground and do a tumble, land arms out and catch the broom, smiling amongst the serious pain in your legs and back. All the kids are like, "Yay!" And start cheering, clapping. Even the parents start clapping. The guards start clapping, like, "That was genuinely impressive." Played it off. It shoots off for a second, carrying the momentum of the propulsion, and then it falls limp as it no longer has the immediate connection with the person. But she did catch it after she tumbled. All right. Finding the tree, you guys walk, and bringing the families and the children and the people that were chosen to go to Whitestone, Keyleth, you create your Transport via Plants spell. (whoosh) The doorway opens, and it barely fits onto this one half-dead willow that's cresting the side there. Everyone (gasps). At the very end, Elowen's the last one through, and she's holding the letter and she looks back and says, "Promise," and leaps through right as it closes in the tree. You look toward the guards that were with you guys, who are just watching this whole thing with their eyes wide open. "Yeah." At this point, you see two figures walking towards you at this southern forest. Towards you guys, rather hastily. Okay. Whip's out. You glance over and, easy enough to see, it is Drez Vina and this older individual, both rushing up. Drez has his hand up. "Excuse me, I'm sorry, pardon me!" "It has been some time, everyone. Pleasure to see you again." "Wondrous, wondrous. I'm here with--" And as he gestures, the old man puts his hand in front and goes, "Would you please just let me talk for once? Hello. I am--" And he looks over. "Has he "been giving you my-- I am Master Quall. Pleasure to meet all of you." "I was the collector that had hired you in previous times as Drez has recently made me aware, "and while our track record has been spotty, you seem to be rather able-bodied, and whispers this "morning that have come to my ears mention that you have interest in returning to Westruun. Is that correct?" "Wondrous, wondrous." He looks over to Drez. Drez goes, "Yes, well, you see, the master here "lives within Westruun, and-- " "I'm talking, I've got this. My abode, which is a relatively humble "structure, two stories, bricks and dark wood, southeast of the town square, right by the "fountain crossroads, I'm sure you've seen it before. Since this whole endeavor has happened, it "has usurped a bit of progress in my experimentation, and I would be remiss if I didn't "request your assistance in perhaps retrieving a very important piece of my collection so I might "continue this research in this desolate place." "Various things. I enjoy finding out the base elements of existence and life." Insight check. 18. "Really? Oh, quaint." "Of what?" "It may be a bit beyond your understanding." "Very well. I appreciate the synergies between various elements and the ability to link "the essence with that of a living organic entity, or the transition of such living essence into what "is normally non-living matter." "No! I don't deal with that ridiculous stuff." "Yes, yes! Thank you. The transitioning of essences or sparking essence within what was once "non-living matter. I'm talking about elements, I'm not talking about flesh." "What was that?" "Now, I had previously asked you to retrieve an item in the past. That was part of this "research and I was nearing a breakthrough, I believe. However, if you could find your way into "this abode and retrieve for me-- It's in the basement, amongst my work desk area. It's a simple "dark iron and cobalt circlet. A band, if you will. If you could retrieve that for me, I would make it "quite worth your while and be ever-grateful and in your service." "As I said before, I am quite the collector, and while I do hate to relinquish my grasp on "various parts of this collection, for someone who does me a grand favor, I am willing to look the "other way as one might disappear." "It's more of an experimental piece." Drez at this point steps forward and goes, "I would appreciate if you respected the master "for his research. He is going to offer you a great guide." "Sir, perhaps we need to--" At which point he looks over and the master's like (cackling). "About time someone called you on it." "Yes. I've heard of this title before. You say you're seeking them, are you?" "Where are you seeking these? Whereabouts are you off to?" "Don't worry." "See, there is a woman who speaks both her mind and a mind of quite acute truth." As you guys are having this conversation, there's a little (crackling) flash of divine energy before you, and a slight popping sound as out of the middle of the air next to you, there comes, jogging in, a freshly winded, fully armored Pike. At this point, Master Quall is going through a series of notes. He goes, "I'm very certain this "gnome was not created." "Yes. It is a delight to see you as well, small one." "Well, this grew very complicated." "Yes." "Good luck even attempting such an endeavor." "Well. Let's just say that it's a device that, when completed, to the specialty of my own "training and studies, would enable me the means of personal defense to get me through these rather "difficult and dangerous times. As I am not getting any younger and it seems that we're having "entities of great power and mischief intent on destruction continuously tearing down my very "doorways--" He looks off in the direction of Westruun. "I would feel more comfortable if I "could keep myself well guarded. And that is what this circlet is intended to provide." "Yes?" "A simple trade of my collection. You bring me one of my items, and I gift you one of mine as well." "I am more than willing to offer information for trade. It is quite a grand trade indeed. If "that is acceptable." "All right. Then, as part of the deposit, what do you require of me?" "Can't say that I am." "I'm sorry, but they don't really wander in open daylight." He gives a curious look at both of you. "I am not a master of mythology. I do not know of "such entities and where they might reside or exist. I apologize." "So you say. And you're saying this sphinx may want to help you in this endeavor?" "Well. What I do have--" And he turns around. "Come with me to my tent, please. I may "have something that can be of service to you." All right. You guys eventually make your way back to the small outpost, at this point, to the tent of Drez Vina and Master Quall. Master Quall steps inside. You hear him rummaging through some things. Something rolls and breaks, and you hear, "Oh, damn it!" from the inside. He comes back out and goes, "All right, so, this." And he holds up this small glass bauble. The inside has a spinning, looks like a brass gyroscope-type interior. He goes, "This item, when clasped and "concentrated on, should light up any sort of nearby magical incantations or enchantments. This, "if you are in the presence of such objects as you are seeking, should be quite helpful in locating "their presence. It does not have an incredibly long range, but it should, at the very least, be "somewhat helpful." "I'm lending it to you. Should you wish this to be part of the trade instead of something from "my collection..." "Now I have lent you something in the past, and not only did it not return to me, but I had to "extract the funds by forcing another contract on you. Can I trust you to complete this endeavor?" "Deal." And he hands it out. "Thank you. I appreciate that." "I haven't named it, actually. I made it for myself. Call it what you like." "Should you wish, certainly." "Enjoy carrying among yourselves The Hunk of Quall." Drez crosses his arms, "Indeed. All right, good luck." Yeah. All right. The information that you received was, somewhere in the base of the Stormcrest Mountains, past the Frostweald. Stormcrest Mountains. As you guys take a short rest to prepare for this, Ashley, you take some time with the gauntlets, and while you're looking them over and taking your own armored gauntlets off and replacing them with these, your hand goes-- It's like placing a baseball into a bucket. It's so big around your arm. But then as you take a moment to see the metal and reflect upon it, you can feel the hum of magical energy that begins to invisibly intertwine with your forearm as the metal begins to creak almost, and it shrinks down, encases itself to your forearm. While it doesn't match the metal of your armor, the silver-gold theme that goes on along it with this weird ogreish face that's built into the plate there, you feel suddenly this surge of strength begin to spill through your body, and you're pretty confident that this may be useful in the near future. You are technically now stronger than Grog. And it hurts you a little bit. Pike, what was your strength before? Okay. At a 19, you're now at a plus four as opposed to a plus one to all your hit and damage with your physical weapons. So on your sheet, where it has your attack bonus with your mace, or with your morningstar, and the damage, add a plus three to both the attack bonus and damage. It's now plus ten. On foot travel, it's about a day and a half. Mist form, you'll get there by nightfall. You glance back and see Vax towards the back of the group. Noticing this conversation, Vax immediately turns around and walks away and dodges around one of the nearby tents. Actually, today it's spotty clouds, but blue sky. It's actually pretty good weather, versus a lot of the rain that you had over in Vasselheim. No. Because you're getting a little further south than the northern area of it, the temperature is probably around high 70s, low 80s. The few horses they do have are currently quartered to wagons and look to be more beasts of burden for, if they have to move, to carry most of their goods with them, as opposed to riding horses. And those horses will survive, because you didn't take them. That's a good Vox Machina bumper sticker. All right. You guys make your Fellowship trek southward with the sweeping camera drone shot. Thankfully, most of these fields, of varying degrees of grass height, but for the most part it's pretty wide vision of where you're heading. Sure. Roll an insight check. I believe you. What does she see and read on your face and body language, Vax? I can say it, if you want to. You can text it to her real fast, if you want. Okay, so you'll have an incoming text of information. As you guys continue walking, these are the observations you make of Vax as you travel southward. You travel for the better part of a day. You get quite a bit south. You do see in the distance a few times what appear to be some pack animals, some larger beasts that roam the land, none that are necessarily aggressive unless you encroach upon their territory, and Keyleth, you have experience with some of these beasts, so you manage to keep people at bay and traverse around what they claim as their own landscape. No terrible detriment to your traveling speed. You make your way to the point where the sun goes down. You can stop and camp for the night or you can push through the evening. What do you wish to do? Little periods here, little tiny groves that might be spotty along your journey, but for the most part it's open fields. One more day. One more eight-hour period of travel. Save versus brain swelling. Are you guys setting up camp? So, Pike, as Scanlan creates this somewhat shimmering door of mystical energy in the middle of the air off of the path you guys have been walking, in the middle of this field. It's just the open grass that's blowing with this gentle night breeze, a little bit of the moonlight is coming through the clouds, giving enough of a visual of this change in the air space. He pushes open the shimmering door, and on the inside is this beautiful mansion. Tall foyer with marble floors, pillars that raise to the ceiling with gold trim. There's a giant portrait in the center of the main stairway now that has both Scanlan and you on horseback over a beautiful landscape. There are a number of mystical servants that are somewhat transparent and spiritual, arcane energy in form, that take your coats and offer food. A delicious meal is presented for all of you. It's mostly chicken. It's a lot of chicken. Protein, bro! Scanlan does lead you to your room, which is right next to his, and covered in yellow rose petals, a beautiful interior. The color scheme is marked tailored specifically to your tastes that he's been able to glean from conversations with you over the past couple years. Yeah. If it was prepared within the house. Okay. You guys find the all-purpose room, which does have the basics required for smithing. The smithing gear that is brought to you by the servants in itself is very, very finely crafted and nearly weightless. It's really impressive, and you look at the label, and it has a small timer on it before it becomes immaterial. Yeah. Anything you leave in here will just be spat out. Yeah, onto the ground where it was. Work on jewelry? Do you have a jeweler's kit? It's a whole different skill set, man. You can tinker something, but jewelry is different from tinkering. What is the function of this object? You need to tell me these things. I'm going to make something! Make me roll for it! I got to know what you're doing. Okay. It won't be pretty, but you can make it functional. Yeah, go ahead and make a tinkering check. This will be a dexterity mod, because it's not a very complicated piece based on what you've constructed in the past. It's more about your ability to make it work. 14. Okay, it takes you the better part of the night. With a job this small, there's not a whole lot you can assist with except handing him tools. Okay, so you get the first stage of that set and ready to go. You all eventually find yourselves to rest, tasks completed to the extent of which you wanted to, conversations finished. You find yourselves at breakfast, a delightful spread of breakfast chickens prepared for you. All of you duck instinctively as the chicken has enough time to arc and begin to plummet down before she gets her arrow out, and you see her aiming downward as it falls. As she releases the arrow, it manages to catch it. Go ahead and roll for an attack, see how well it hits. (arrow impact) (slightly quieter arrow impact) It pins the chicken to the wall, and then it just sags. The wooden shaft slowly snaps under the weight of the chicken before it hits the ground. One of the servants scoops it up and sets it back on the table in front of Keyleth with the broken arrow shaft sticking out. As the rest of you enjoy what is the strangest of Medieval Times experiences you've had, glancing upward to the raised ceiling of this dining room area, you watch Vex spiral around on her broom before, Scanlan? Roll, with disadvantage. So as the first chicken goes in the air, she reaches and goes to aim. However, she catches herself. The broom throws her off, and she stops just in time and haphazardly focuses on just the chicken, not realizing where the chicken had now fallen past. Releases it. Scanlan, I want you to make a dexterity saving throw. Go ahead and roll damage. Yeah. So, Scanlan, as you're watching this, chewing, suddenly, (impact). A big old chicken dangling at the end of the arrow. You'll find out. Go ahead and roll for healing. As Vex reaches out and grasps you and manages to heal some of your wounds. 1d8 plus your wisdom modifier. So you heal 11 hit points. Sure. A gout of blood sprays out. Pike, you're just casting a Cure Wounds? The wound closes as Pike reaches out and, with a small chuckle, heals how many hit points? How much do you heal? Roll 1d8 plus five, I'm pretty sure. That was amazing. You're back to full. The wounds close. Pike's there holding her hands on your shoulders, closing the wound. The other servants are holding their chickens at the ready. Okay. As he's about to throw it up, Pike runs over and grabs the chicken and throws it and (boom) punches it in the air. Pike, roll a strength check. Roll a d20 and add plus four to it. Roll a d20, add four to it. 11, okay. You (boom) bat it up with a Pike punch. We'll say for the sake of brevity on this, go ahead and roll one more attack, and this will count for the rest of the shots. With disadvantage. 16, okay. You do manage to recover your sense of self-esteem as you manage to pin a couple more chickens against the walls and the table in here, but each arrow is just a reminder of the one stray that began this whole breakfast excursion. You guys say good-bye to your servants, gather yourselves as you step out and the door closes behind you. Do you choose to leave the spell up, or are you going to fade it as you walk along? Anyone that you allow into it. Okay. You guys continue walking southward towards the Frostweald. About another seven to eight hours of travel along that way, you begin to see the Stormcrest Mountains in the distance get closer and loom larger and larger, and you get the feel of the Stormcrest Mountains especially because there is a very large storm surge that seems to rise from the ocean to the east of it that has caused a very heavy thunderstorm that's blasting through. You can't see the peaks of the mountains from this distance. There are clusters of trees and forest areas along, but ahead of you, you can see, coated in a very, very bright, visibly white forest, this is the Frostweald itself, with snowfall. Once again, you've been here before, and there is an essence, and you don't recall the specific reason for it, but there is a purpose, an ancient purpose, as to why this one area is perpetually sitting in the heart of winter. Amongst what is a relatively temperate, in some places almost tropical temperature layer, it is very strange, and part of the mystical calling to the Frostweald is that it is perpetually locked in a winter state. You-- don't worry, I'm working on it. Where are you going? If you name a destination on another plane of existence, a destination that moves, or a destination that isn't specific, such as a green dragon's lair, the spell fails. Yes. You're approaching it now. No. But do you have a specific location that you're familiar with that you want to go to? Yeah, you can see them. I'm trying to figure out. For the spell to work, you have to choose a specific location that you're already familiar with to lead you to it. So what are you saying? That's true. I will give you the benefit to say that you can see the mountain range. This is more useful if it's trying to find a place that you're very familiar with, seen a picture of, or you had a very specific bit of information for it. For a general location or a location that you're unaware of, the spell wouldn't have an effect. It's a large range that's very visible. So as you guys press forward to the outside of the Frostweald, the snow- and ice-covered treeline is a very familiar sight from your last time traveling here. There are canopies of pine-like trees that interlock with windless snowfall, that leave a fairly dark interior set from the frozen-over canopy. Slick surfaces and knee-deep snowbanks permeate this entire forest region. Your breath is immediately visible as you step past that threshold, and the temperature drops about 40 degrees from what it was before, getting steadily colder the further in you travel. Pressing in, as the temperature drops further and further, you occasionally come across a broken sunbeam that manages to penetrate aspects, different places in the canopy, and even stepping into those, they don't lend any change in temperature or warmth. The enchantment that surrounds this entire forest doesn't seem to be moved by such natural incursions. Everyone go ahead and roll a perception check. As you guys are walking through, keeping your eyes peeled, Vax, you're so lost in thought that your eyes glaze over for a second and you forget where you are. Pike and Vex, the two of you get a little bit ahead of the rest of the group, pushing through the snow. You come around from a tree and you can see, this is about an hour or so into your entrance to the Frostweald, you see a small clearing with a few patchy trees outside of the heavy canopy, and what appears to be a couple of small stone ruins and a single obelisk, a monolith-like pillar of stone that juts out of the snow. It's about 200 feet away from you guys, 250 feet. From this distance, no. You don't see any, there are no figures, there is no movement. There is just that stone piece that, at a slight angle, stands out amongst the rest of the treeline. Listening, that's what's interesting. Usually forests, because they're teeming with so much life, there's a perpetual sound of things that live amongst the boughs and the treeline. Because it's so cold here, it's eerily silent. Every footfall that hits the snow, you can hear the crunch resounding and echoing through the nearby vicinity. It is just a still, silent atmosphere in this forest. It's the clearest snow you've tasted in a long time. Are you moving ahead, Grog? Grog, Keyleth. So Grog, Keyleth, Pike, and Scanlan are all going forward. Looks like Vex, Vax, and Percy are staying. Are you going with Percy? Okay. Percy and Vax splinter off to the left, Vex you go ahead and take the right, and you head around this clearing while the rest of you walk into the center of it. You guys approach, and as you're stepping through the snowfall, which right now is, for you, up to just past your knees, like the grass was. For Keyleth it's just up to your waist. Scanlan, you and Pike are both (grunting) like the dogs jumping through the snow that vanish with each leap as you're having to find your way through this heavy snowfall. Go ahead and make an investigation check as you guys approach this obelisk. What did you get, Pike? 14, okay. So as you guys approach, from this vantage point, it's carved, definitely, and the carving is very old. Weathered somewhat, but not too heavily, so it's either not very old or there's not a whole lot of weather that comes through here, and by the stillness of the wind since you've entered, you get the feeling that's probably more the case. It's hard to gauge how old or how long it's been here. But there are various carvings amongst it. There is a big symbol. I want to have you guys roll a religion check real fast. Pike? 15, okay. It looks familiar, but you're having a hard time really getting the essence. Pike, you recognize this. This is not the largely understood or most commonly utilized symbol of Ioun, but it is a very ancient, the basis of the religion of Ioun, which is the same goddess of knowledge that Osysa was overseeing the temple beneath. Ioun. I-O-U-N. You actually carry a stone, enchanted with the essence of Ioun's knowledge. It's solid, solid stone, and goes up about 35 feet or so. You guys are about ten feet from it. Okay. Make an investigation check. 18, okay. You have to leap off Grog and start wading through. You're finding pieces of broken stone, smaller chunks about that big and bits of stone dust that are scattered amongst the snow. You push around, because you see the ruined walls around. You do find a larger piece of stone that looks like a broken statue, like there must have been some sort of a statue here that had lost the hand, and it's stumbled there on the ground. (laughs) You hold it aloft. It has a small vibration of energy, as part of the crystal sliver itself, but it doesn't seem to change in the environment. As you're stepping closer to the obelisk, you also notice there is some writing or some sort of scripture that is carved towards the base, that is partially buried by the snow that has gathered at its base. You find more pieces of statues. Arms, part of a torso, like somebody had knocked over a series of statues. A lot of them have deep grooves in them, like these statues were either carved to pieces, like they were physically torn down-- It takes you a little bit of concentration because it's in a different state than liquid, but you begin to focus, and as you guys are watching, Keyleth focusing, a lot of the ice begins to rapidly melt into a water form and it begins to melt away, leaving the wet, muddy ground around it. Yes, around the areas where they're broken. From this distance? You can't, unfortunately. Okay. As the snowfall begins to melt away, you guys see around the base of this obelisk it is a garden of statue-pieces. Some poses look aggressive, some poses look surprised-- And we're going to go ahead and take a break on that note. So. We're going to go ahead and take a quick break here for the restroom and-- See you guys here in a few minutes. Hello, and welcome back, everyone. So. As the snow is melted away, revealing this garden of statues in various states of-- some of them are still solid, some of them are just missing pieces, some of them are entirely shattered, many of them crushed or torn, thick, heavy grooves visible on the pieces of them that have been torn asunder-- the party begins to gather their thoughts and figure out what this might be. You did notice as well that there was writing or script among the bottom of the obelisk, and as the snow melts away, there is another large shape that is carved into it. Sure. As you walk up to the edge of the obelisk and put your hand to it, no heat being radiated. It does not seem to be reacting to anything in the immediate vicinity. What languages do you know? Sure. As you walk up and begin to hold the Hunk of Quall towards it, you see that the language-- the script that is beneath the initial symbol of Ioun that Scanlan had seen is Elvish. The rough translation is of old, old, old text, it reads, "A name is earned." A name is earned. And beneath it, there is what appears to be-- the other large carving you saw on it-- it looks like a triangle. A dark, recessed triangle that is just built beneath the text that tapers internally into a point. It is almost like a reverse pyramid on the inside. It is just an empty space that comes to a point. Sure. Make a nature check and you make perception check. No. 21. 26. You glance up above, and you do not see any basilisks. What you can see, this clearing itself is visible from your height, but once you get above the tree-line, you can see the trees are pretty thick. You don't see any signs of basilisks in the vicinity. You, upon looking around the ground, you can see-- it's very muddy now from all the snow that had melted down, and you see that some of the mud is slicking into holes in the ground. Like four-foot-wide cavernous holes that were dug, like little burrows that now have all this water and mud seeping into them. It looks like. Which one of them (bubbling), expels a bunch of the mud and water, it just comes bubbling outward. At which point, you see something burst out and emerge onto the ground nearby. More of these holes start bursting forth, all the mud and liquid that has seeped into it is now being forced outward, and these creatures, now covered in mud, you can see long, lizard-like bodies with a toothy snout, multiple legs, rows of them of them down the spine, and its tail flickering about. I would like you all to roll initiative. It's hard to see with the mud across their surface, but you do see hints of blue coming through. You have encountered these previously-- these are referred to as the ice-scaled basilisks, the ones that are more specific to this indigenous region. All righty. So, going by initiative order here, folks, 25 to 20? 22. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? All right. Is that everybody? Pike? Oh. All right. Due to the series of rolls here, they're going last. They rolled a five, minus one penalty to dex. So, as these-- which more of them burst up right next to Scanlan right there. As they all burst out of the ground, shaking their heads off of the mud, swinging off, slapping into the stone, splattering across the white snow around them, across some of you, they snarl and hiss. As you see their eyes now (click). So, top of this would be you, Vex. You actually would be on top here, on the broom, looking from above. You remember, you'll want to try not to. You can choose at the start of your turn whether to avert your gaze or not. You'll have disadvantage on pretty much everything as long as you're doing that. There's three right here, and one right there behind. It's one, two, three, four. You can try to. If you would like to try to. Let's say for the purposes of this, that you coast down to the height. Stupid broom. Let's say you land down somewhere over here. All righty? There you are. You kind of guess where it is real fast, in the peripheral and kind of-- Which one? And what are you doing? Go for it. Okay. So go ahead and roll with disadvantage for the first strike. It's disadvantage for averting your gaze, advantage for being your favored terrain-- I don't think you get advantage on attacks for being in favored terrain, do you? I think it's just on ability checks. Yeah. So you're at disadvantage. I'll double-check this so the internet doesn't scream at me. 18 with disadvantage? That still hits. Go ahead and roll damage. First attack on the basilisk near Scanlan. 17 damage? All right, go ahead and roll for the second attack, with disadvantage as well. 17 does hit as well. So roll for that one. You included the Blazing Bowstring for the first one, right? 15 points of damage. Holding on the top of the tree, which is starting to bow a little bit with your weight, and you're clutching the broom under one arm, and you pull back and release two arrows in succession, both finding their mark. You did Hunter's Mark damage on top of those? All right, good. You see, Scanlan, as you try and avert your gaze momentarily as you see the giant creature there, and you recall, two arrows streak past, which gives you a little PTSD, based on your morning. So that'll complete your turn? All right. Scanlan, you're up. Yes. Are you averting your gaze or not? All righty. You saw them all burst out, once they shook off the mud, you heard her shouting and you were like, oh, hmm. It lunges out at you with a strike. That is a 22 to hit? All righty. As you pull away, pain strikes your body as the sharp, stone-crumbling teeth of the basilisk reach out and pierce your body for 12 points of piercing damage. You wrestle your elbow out of the way, you can feel the wound beneath your leather armor. Yes. On him or behind him, or where--? Right, and not yourself. I figured that's probably what you want to do, okay. As you back up, release it in that direction, the beam of light streaks out from the wand, hitting the snowbank right behind it and exploding. Already the slushy atmosphere is-- snow and fire scatter around it as they both screech out in pain. DC of what? 15. That's... first one fails. Second one rolled a 15, with its minus one dex, that's a 14, that's a fail. And a natural one. So full damage for all three of them. Go ahead and roll that 8d6. Vax, you're on deck, so be ready. 25 points of damage total. The flames subside after the force of the explosion. The obelisk itself shakes from the impact. The three basilisks look notably charred, whatever mud was on them is immediately dried and is now cracking on the outside of their scales. You hear the hissing at their presence. You want to keep moving or stay where you are? Okay. Take your d10 inspiration die, Pike. All right, so d10 inspiration die for you. Vax, you're up. Okay. You're far away, you're off-map. Okay. Okay. Go for it. Are you averting your gaze? All right, so at the start of your turn, on your first part of the round, I want you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. When you started your turn, you were in melee. Constitution saving throw. 16 total? Okay. The gaze is upon you as you glance over and see the basilisk turn its head over its shoulder at you and hisses, and the eyes catch you. You can feel the magical effects take hold of your body for a moment. You back away and quickly close your eyes, and you can feel that it begin to reach over but you shake it off. So you do not have disadvantage in these attacks. Minus five for each attack. 18 hits. First hits, last hits. Yes. Correct. 49 points of damage. As you run backwards, at the basilisk glaring back at you, its toothy mouth opening and the breath out, you shake it off. Throw the daggers. One (impact) sticks into one eye, and the other just (impact) into the other, and it-- (cheering) The snow nearby is spattered with this kind of dark-purple basilisk blood. You want to stay where you are? All right. Percy, you're up. Avert your gaze or... ? Roll a constitution save. 21? What did you roll? That's great! You stare it down and it kind of (snarls). Orthax has left his mark on you. Same one that she's Hunter's Marked? Okay. Go for it. Misses, unfortunately. Yeah, third shot hits. Go ahead and roll damage. With the Hex damage as well. 22 points of damage. So the first shot goes wide. Second shot goes wide again. For some reason, it's moving faster than you expected at this moment, missing your sights. The third shot manages to find the front of its nose and (shattering) the front of its skull shatters and it kind of crumbles to the ground. Okay, so you run this way? Over here? Because you can only get about that far with your running. Right there? Okay. Then you got behind there. That's fine. All right, that ends your turn, Percy. Grog, you're up. All right. All right, there you go. Yes, you would have a normal roll on this. All right. (whoosh) You rush forward (sword swinging). You thought it was there, you're sure it was there, you heard it hiss. It's about two inches below where you swung. You don't have to hit it. You have to attack. There's a difference. Yeah. (laughs) Ending Grog's turn, Keyleth, you're up. There are two left. Avert your gaze or not? So Scanlan, as you're averting your gaze, you glance over as Keyleth goes (poof) into this giant scorpion, big tail, big pincers, black and red carapace. It's upsetting. Okay, go for it. Do it. Disadvantage on all attacks. Because you averted your gaze. Right, but at the start of your turn, before anything happens, is when it happens. Did you avert your gaze or not? Before that happened, at the start of your turn, did you avert your gaze or not? Right, but the effect takes place before your transformation happens. So, yes or no, do you want to take the advantage or not? All right, so disadvantage on the attacks. Let me think here for a second. The scorpion has blindsight? No, you're right. I was thinking more in terms of it averting the magical power of the basilisk, but you could still avert and blindsight would allow you to still know where it is without having the disadvantage, so yes. This is true. I'll let you reroll those attacks. Just reroll all three. That's on me. I was thinking in wrong terms. I know. I know, I am the worst. They've already been sent, I'm sure. 14 does not hit, unfortunately. That does hit. And for the tail? 16 hits. That was my bad. 15, what's the DC? Yeah, so it makes the save. Okay, so roll 4d10. Total, so that would be eight for half of it. Nice, that's not bad at all. All right, so as your first claw streaks off its armor, the second one grabs hold and-- hold on a second. Thank you. Eight damage, all right. All right, so as the first claw streaks across its armor, second one manages to grab and actually pince onto it, dealing some damage. As you're holding it there, the tail strikes inward, manages to pierce the outside of the scaly basilisk hide. Not as effective as it could've been, but still you see its body tense with the sudden pulse of poison in its system. That brings us to Pike! What's up? Yeah, but for Guiding Bolt I believe it's a spell attack roll. Am I correct on that? Or does it automatically hit? I'm trying to remember which one it is. You guys have so many spells. Guiding Bolt, yeah. You can totally Guiding Bolt. You'll have disadvantage on the attack roll, but you can do it still. All right, so go ahead and roll with disadvantage on the attack. It's not so much you hurting anybody, you wouldn't hit anybody. It's about if you miss or not. Okay. But it's with disadvantage, so you have to roll it again. With that, unfortunately, as you're holding your eyes at bay-- You can add the inspiration dice if you want to. Okay, so roll a d10 and add that to the attack. 13 plus... Go ahead and roll damage on Guiding Bolt. So 4d6 radiant damage. Nice, all right! 17 points of radiant damage, and now there is a glowing hue of radiant light around it, so even though you're not looking at it, it's a pretty decent beacon, so it gives advantage on the next attack roll against it. Keep that in mind. Do you want to move at all or do you want to stay where you are, Pike? All right. Now it is their turn. This one turns around and it's going to go ahead and make a bite attack against you, Keyleth, in scorpion form. That's a 17, plus six? All right. You take 11, plus three. 14 points of piercing damage, plus seven points of poison damage. Against you, Grog... It hits you regardless. It has advantage on you because you're averting your gaze, plus you had your reckless attack last round. It still only rolls a nine, plus six, so that's 14? 15 to hit. This one bites out towards you, and even though it's not there, because it's so bright, you see it shift, and you (boom) hit it in the front of its snout with the base of your sword. That brings us to the top of the initiative order. Vex, you're up. You do, yes. Okay, so Hunter's Mark moves over. Yes. It cancels out the disadvantage. So roll your first attack against it. 31 hits, yeah. 18, all right. So the first arrow strikes into it. It's still standing. It's looking a little hurt, but it's still standing. Disadvantage on the next one, yeah. Yeah. What's your total? 19 with disadvantage? That does hit, yep. 18, all right. This arrow, however, manages to strike through the top of the head, stapling the mouth shut, and it falls to the ground as its eyes slowly glaze over. Yeah, she's clutched up on top of a tree. All right, that brings us to Scanlan. Are you averting your gaze or not? There's two that are near you. Okay! So, Scanlan, you walk over to the nearby holes behind you, where the one that snuck up behind you essentially came out of, aim down, and make sure you mark off these charges for each use of the wand. You (whoosh) release the beam, which gets about 15, 20 feet down before it blasts. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Roll 8d6. But take half damage, because it's mostly guarded and this is a circumstantial, at the outskirts of it, you're not taking the full brunt of the Fireball. However, you do get caught in the very edge of the backblast. So you take half that. So you take 15 points of fire damage and are blown about five feet backward onto the ground. However, the ground shudders beneath all your feet, and the earth, the wet damp earth (squelch) sinks inward and the tunnel collapses. A few of the others (squelch) into it. There's still a couple more on the opposite side that are open. There's two more on this side that are open. The two that were there and there both, the ground from it shuddering, collapsed inward, and now the mud has filled the space. There's these small sinkholes where they were. Okay. You can see the text that she saw upon there, the Elvish script. But you see it there, and you see the triangle, a dark recessed triangle about that big that is in the base of it. It's a hole, but it's carved. It's not a perfect triangle, it starts as a triangle and slowly, as it recesses inward, comes to a point towards the back. (impact) Vax, you're up. Mm-hmm. 21 hits. Hits. Hits. These are not with Sharpshooter? With that, your final dagger hits in the side of its rib cage, and the creature slumps over on the ground, letting out a horrible, gurgling hiss as it slowly dies amongst the mud. Currently, yes. Make a perception check. You're about to look down to inspect the vicinity. However, the tree is starting to bow forward and you (grunt) have to catch yourself, and you have no chance to even survey the territory. As you take a moment, the rage still in, you can hear the blood pumping in your ears, but you also hear the (hiss) rising hissing, what sounds like a distant echo coming up from a subterranean tunnel. You do. You feel beneath the ground. It's less of a tremorsense, more being able to sense the vibrations in the air around you. You can tell that there is motion coming from underneath. A few more. So from the stone chunks and portions of the shattered bodies that litter part of this garden, a giant stone wall forms around them and builds over it, sealing these holes. Eventually you hear a (knocking) (reptilian snarl) scraping sounds. They're not budging it, they're just hitting it from underneath, and it's getting more frantic as time goes on. One of the stone parts of the wall begins to crack from underneath. You say it out into the air. A moment passes. A basilisk face bursts through the stone wall. Yeah. Do you want to avert your gaze or not? All right, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Without an issue, the eyes find yours and you just grin as you bring... what kind of attacks do you want to do? All right, go for it. Okay, and the other one? Both hit. The first is a critical. This would be over here. Did you roll the... Is that times two? Before you add your modifier. So 24 plus the modifier. 42. Did you roll the additional brutal critical rolls? So roll 4d6 on top of that, because of your brutal critical. I think it is. For a grand total of... Yeah, all right. 59 points of damage. You square up. You strike down with the blade at an angle, using the stone holding it in place like an executioner's block, and the blade scrapes against the stone as you strike, finding itself embedding about seven to eight inches into the throat of the basilisk as its head's protruding out. Immediately, blood begins to pour out of its side, and it's gurgling at its attempt to try and push through. You wedge the blade out. Go for your next strike. You already rolled your attack, which was a 19, so roll damage on that one. With the second strike, you (whoosh) clean slice. The head (splat) onto the stonework there, the body still wedging the hole shut. The neck is a clean cut, and starts gouting blood out. Which, by the way, both saving throws were failed, so you gain another plus two to strength. All right, so you can feel the impact still attempting from beneath growing more and more frantic. Sure. And you notice that the longer it stays out there, the blood itself is beginning to freeze in the general atmosphere and get slushy. Yeah, there's plenty of carcasses of basilisks around. As they're inspecting, and you still feel the impacts from underneath the stone wall from the other tunnel, you manage to gather, we'll say two small vials of basilisk blood. Okay. The slamming on the other side of the stone wall slowly subsides until silence comes. Where the one you killed is? Okay. So you take your hand and you place it inside this empty recess in the obelisk. It reaches in, and the shadow of the obelisk completely takes it to the wrist. Nothing happens. Okay. You take the Ioun Stone and place it in the hole, and it has a soft light that it gives off naturally from the magical enchantment, and it lights the inside of the dark recess, and as you place it inside, the top of the obelisk begins to glow ever-so-faintly, like a little beacon. The very top of the stone glows a matching color to your stone. Yeah. I need you all to make a perception check. Okay. You catch a little bit of this, Grog, and you perk up as you notice, and you see immediately. There is a matching beacon, a faint glow that appears to be streaking down the mountainside in the distance. It's a little bit off-center from the direct south direction that you're facing, but there is a slight marker, very faintly visible on the mountain range, just visible over the treetops. You had it already memorized when you guys got to the edge of the forest, I'm pretty sure. Up to you. It's all good. Okay. So what is it that you're focusing on for the spell? No, you're not doing it wrong! You cast the spell and, concentrating on the source of this beacon, you feel the direction that would pull you the best way to travel towards that beacon is to travel towards that beacon. As you pull the Ioun Stone out of it, the beacon does fade, yes. But you have a direction. Right. No matter where you travel in this place, you will have a directional position towards that beacon. Are you guys leaving? You're standing amongst the obelisk, a long series of mud with a bunch of mostly together stone statues of people and pieces of people around. Make an investigation check. Investigation, yeah. 19, all right. You guys both start gathering around the sides of the ruin. Glancing about the outside, it looks like at one point it was a smaller structure, probably part of the construction, like this here was a satellite place of worship for Ioun, like a beacon as part of a journey. But nothing about it catches your eyes. As you're stepping over the remnants of the stone individuals on the ground, you catch your eye on one of the individuals you see, lying partially submerged in the snow and mud. You glance down and see two arms that are out like this, although the right arm from the elbow down is missing. It's broken off in stone. Both are reaching out. A young human male, shortish brown hair, spectacles at the end of his nose, thin body and tucked-in, nice buttoned shirt. Slacks. This is Tyriok, the mapmaker. I didn't do this! He was travelling the world to take notes, people! You don't know. Eventually, after you guys do a perusal of the ruins, you find your way back to the party and you guys continue travelling which way, towards the beacon? You walk over there, and you do see a number of broken body parts all turned to stone in various states of disuse and crumbling. You do see a young man who's caught with his arms out, one broken off at the elbow, staring up, glasses at the end of his nose, looking both frightened and frozen in a moment of complete unaware danger. Sure. You take one of the vials that you collected and take the basilisk blood and pour it over the statue. The blood congeals and spills over, crystallizing slowly as the ice cold gets to it. It doesn't seem to have an effect. You gather, based on the last time it happened, the blood needs to be applied within a short period of time after the person turns to stone. Do you have anything else that might help? Do you have that prepared? You concentrate, grasping the symbol of Sarenrae around your neck and touch your hand out. The warm glow of Sarenrae's divine energy transferring into the stone form. The form glows with energy, and the glow subsides and fades, the stone texture of his body beginning to slowly soften, and the color returning to his skin, and for a moment the head seems to shake, and the eyes clarify, and a voice begins to peek through these previously frozen vocal cords. "I mean no--" (screams) As all of a sudden his arm begins to spray gouts of blood. (stuttering) He turns to you, and sprays right across your face. "Help! Help me!" Go ahead and heal him up a bit. You gather that might have been something to do before you had restored him. However, go ahead and heal for Cure Wounds. Roll a d8 plus five. Depending on what level you want to use on him. A level one is 1d8 plus five. Level five. All right, go for it. 5d8 plus five. So how much is that? 29, okay. As you reach out and grasp the edge of his bleeding stump... "I just--" (yelps) The warmth causes the pain to fade and he calms for a second. "Oh. "Sorry." He looks down as the wound has stopped bleeding, skin is scabbed over, and it looks like it's now in a place where it's no longer an open wound. It is mostly healed over, though he is now missing part of his arm. This is a bit beyond your healing capabilities. At which point he goes, "Thank you, small one. I--" And he goes to reach up for his glasses and... Other hand. He looks around at the rest of you. "Oh! Hello, it's been a while. We haven't... Well, I "seem to have gotten myself in a bit of a predicament." "Well, I was... Well, I had two escorts. And I had been making my way through most of "Tal'Dorei, and had gotten as far as this region, and... That's all I remember." "Yes. Very scary. I tried to run, and that's all I remember." "No, just three of us." "I was trying to finish this portion of the map. If I... Ah!" And he goes over and reaches through some of the snow and pulls up a large stone bag that is currently still attached to his broken arm. "Um. Is this...?" "All right. Well, these were my maps." They are stone, currently. No, he's standing. "Oh boy." He takes his glasses off and goes to rub them into his shirt and... does it with one hand and puts them back on. "Well." "What do I do?" He has his left hand. "I'm kind of ambidextrous." There's shock on his face. He still hasn't quite taken in all of this stuff. "This is very true. This is a valid point." "I hired them as part of this endeavor. They were nice fellows. Hold on a second." He starts walking off and starts rummaging through the pieces of stone and various people, picking up heads. "No. Well, that's Alex. Golly, I don't... I don't know where Gerald is, but... Can I come with "you for now?" "I don't want that." "All right. Whereabouts are you going?" I'll head for the camp. "I'm good. I'm all right. Thank you, though. I appreciate the offer. I have a lot to think about." He starts walking northward, basically trailing past the path where you guys walked from. What's the duration on that one? It's an hour of concentration. "I was cresting through the base of the mountain, and made it most of the way down the "Stormcrest and was heading back through the Frostweald." "I was kind of along the side. We were trying to make our way through the central portion "of the mountain pass so we could keep track of the division of topography on both top and bottom." "Uh..." He looks back and thinks to himself. "Not quite like this, though, but there are a "number of cavern entrances that litter various portions of the base of the mountain." "No, see, I was afraid those would be too dangerous. So I went into the forest." "Anyway." "That would be fantastic. And... Thank you. I realize now that if you hadn't come by, I "probably would have been there forever." "There are worse things. And I can retrain to write with this arm. It's totally fine." You know what, make a charisma check. Yeah, add your plus five charisma bonus. 20? As you do that, he... "Yeah. You're right! You're right. I'm thankful to be alive "today, and it's because of you guys." "Let's travel!" "All right, so where are you going? Because this place was dangerous, and that place is "dangerous, and we don't want to go that way." He points and says, "There's a lot of them that way. We came through here to avoid them, and "that's when this all happened." "I don't want to stay here." "I can do that. I can definitely do that." "All right." Sure. Roll a stealth check. Okay. Based on passive perception, nobody notices your exit. In that moment, the white snow suddenly flashes to dark, and it's like you were struck blind. You gasp instinctually as your vision goes dark, nothing, and you see come from the shadow, another flash, another vision. It's of Vasselheim. Another flash. You look out and you can see there's one large, darkened structure that you have not visited but passed by on the southeastern side of Vasselheim. The actual name of this, and you've heard it in passing before, when you were given your initial pass over of the... I'm trying to find the specific name here so I don't mess it up. It's in here somewhere. You see this dark, obsidian structure that is ridged, almost like an even rib cage along each side. It is ominous, and it stuck out in the middle of the city because, amongst the rest of the jovial atmosphere, it loomed over the Amaranthine Oubliette. But this was the central temple to the Raven Queen. You then flash once again, in a long chamber, and you see veils, dark veils passing by, one after another, after another. Another flash forward, and you see a chamber with dark brown, smooth floors. You see gold trim along large pillars that reach up to a dome-type stained glass ceiling of amber colors and white, and in the center of this chamber you see what appears to be a pool of still, crimson liquid. You see the crimson liquid shift, and a form rises up out of it. An arm rises up and beckons a finger. Your vision goes to black, and you're back in the forest. As you guys gather yourselves, your new companion, and start heading in the direction that he ushered you within the Frostweald, towards where supposedly these orcs have holed up and made their camp, you know that the good news is, you probably have the element of surprise in this, but you're not entirely sure what it is you're in for when you get there. That's where I'll end today's session. (groaning) That's all right. Sidetracks make it fun. I know. Come back to us soon! Physically! All right, guys. We'll pick this up next Thursday! Thank you for coming and watching us play around, make believe on the Internet. 21st is our 50th episode. Don't miss the 50th, it's going to be fun. We'll see. I don't know where we'll be in the story, because that's definitely based on whatever you guys do. But we'll have some fun things here.