Hello, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, the show where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons and Dragons. We're happy to be back. We all had an awesome break; some good times away from the chaos of the city for some of us. And we're happy to get this ball rolling again. So we've missed you guys. In case you can't tell right now, we have some cool upgrades to the set, actually, if you want to have a look around real fast. The hardworking folks here at Geek and Sundry were awesome enough to go ahead and build this awesome set, and we're happy enough to have a guest here this evening, as Ashley Johnson is able to hang with us tonight. Yeah, the set upgrades are awesome. This is a tribute to the awesome crew that put all this together over the break, so you guys did an awesome job. Give a big shout-out to the Geek and Sundry crew. Yeah, and so for those who saw earlier tweets, we're pushing off Critmas to probably next week because we're all returning from break, we're all getting back into the swing of things, and we're still getting our bearings here. So we're doing that next week. But nevertheless, let's go ahead and start off with some of our quick announcements as we wait for the illustrious Sam Riegel to find his way here. There was a clamoring from the fanbase to extend the sale of the Critmas sweaters. Orders kept coming in, so we've extended it up to this point. However, I believe tonight, is it, tonight? The very last night to purchase your Critmas sweaters-- Forever. I'm so glad that we've converted your brother into a dungeon master. Yeah, my parents were like, yeah, no, we'll be there, we'll watch it. I was like, really? In Hawaii? In the middle of the jungle? Like, yeah, I guess we're Critters. I'm like, my parents are Critters. Sam plowed that pathway first, so Momlan, definitely the most active of the Critter parents. So. Hi, guys, if you're watching. We still have the awesome Wyrmwood Gaming thing they're providing for all you guys. They have their custom dice boxes and containment elements. Isn't that cool? Mostly poop, though. We kept cards in it, it gets, yeah, you've got to search for it. Collectible poop. From our foraging. From Scanlan. So yeah, Wyrmwood Gaming, CritRole for free shipping. That's awesome. Thank you, guys, again for providing that for our awesome fanbase. Also, I've just finally put up my final-- outside of, barring some horrible exploit that shows up months from now-- my final update to the Blood Hunter class as of ten minutes ago. You can go to my twitter. I think the link on the Geek and Sundry page isn't working, it still goes to the old PDF, but I had the link to the new PDF on my twitter, will be put up there shortly. A bunch of updates and with a link to the page that has all the patch notes, if you will. And new art from our fantastic artist Joma who has done our poster and stuff; he did an incredible job. He named the character Elias and I think Elias the Blood Hunter is my new spirit animal. So thank you, Joma, for that, you're amazing, and go check it out and see. If you're playing a Blood Hunter, it's got some cool updates and I think some things you'll like. Also, our artist Kit Buss put up today her first peek of our new character art designs. Oh, it's all up? She put it all up. I don't know when this became season two, but apparently, it's season two now. So. Season two. (laughs) That's cool. So go check out Kit's art and you get to see the evolution of the Vox Machina outfits and designs. Yeah. And don't think this invalidates the previous designs, either. This is just one of their various facets. I wanted to put a thank-you out there to the amazing community of Critters that came together to do that Christmas art bomb. For those who haven't seen it yet, Liam here collaborated with a lot of you guys to put together an amazing gallery of Christmas, holiday-themed Critical Role art, and it's brilliant. If you haven't seen the gallery yet, I highly recommend it. You can find it on the website. You are a rogue, sir. The last bit of my announcements for the evening, I wanted to put another thank-you out to the amazing Critter community. Thanks to you guys, even after Extra Life and everything that went on towards the end of the year, we were still able to donate an additional $5,000 to 826LA over the Christmas break. (cheering) We got to get Grog on a side quest for 826LA. (rimshot) All righty, so. While we wait for Sam to arrive, let's go ahead and get into the game-- I still haven't seen how the layout looks. I'm really excited for it. Also, for the guys who didn't notice, we've updated some of the models and we have colors and a new camera setup. Hopefully we're going to be testing it out in the weeks to come for camera angles and stuff. Things might shift as it happens, but the color scheme on each of the characters' bases corresponds to their portrait color, so it should be easier to distinguish who is who on the battle mat going forward, so hopefully that'll be helpful. All right! Let's get into the thick of it. So last we left off, Vox Machina had finished an extensive, dangerous, tension-filled adventure to the city of Whitestone, the historical landscape that Percival had grown up in, to take down the Briarwoods, two husband-and-wife team who had been responsible for ruling it with an iron fist for five years, doing a series of atrocities and seemingly preparing a ziggurat, or an ancient temple, beneath the city for some unspoken deity that the party then discovered to be an individual referred to as Vecna. They defeated the Briarwoods, managed to help the rebellion of the people of Whitestone retake their town, and helped them set up, prepare, and have their first Winter's Crest festival in five years, since they were taken by the Briarwoods. There was much game-playing and eating contests and polymorphed bears and very fun adventures and exchange of gifts and some fun moments and the party, as we return now, the festival over, a few days past, begin to put their affairs in order to return back to Emon in what their next order of business is. So picking up from there, it's been a few days since the Winter's Crest festival has finished, and most of the decorations, as quickly put together as they were given the circumstances, still loosely hang around the city as a reminder of the first real beacon of positivity in this city's history in a while. The town's much more lively, as people are less afraid to walk out into the streets during the day and it's like watching it really come to life over these past few weeks. He's going to go ahead and get a Scanlan. Grog wouldn't be paying attention anyway. It's fine. You've sent off word to Allura in Emon regarding the strange black dot that stands at the top of the ziggurat and letting her know the circumstance, and heard back from her that it seems that-- (laughter) And welcome back, Sam Riegel. That's okay. So where was I? Yes, okay. So with the town being set where it is, you sent word to Allura Vysoren, and she's going to gather a few friends and investigate the ziggurat to see what the nature of this lingering magic is. However, there still stands the part of returning to the Council and proving your innocence, amongst other loose threads you wish to pursue. What would you like to do? As far as you know from your experience in the town, there were two main sources of individuals that had focused on enchanting items. One of which, their abode or their shop had been collapsed and they were no longer seen, and the other one had apparently been acquired by the Briarwoods to aid them in the construction of the ziggurat and you met his daughter, and he never turned up. Okay, so over the past few days. Okay. As you guys are all preparing the circumstance over these next few days, you've gone into your original workshop, which is a little more ramshackle than the one you have back in Emon that was built for you. This was just the one that you had pieced together while you were growing up in Whitestone. I would like for you to go ahead and make a tinkering check, if you don't mind. That's a saving throw, unfortunately. That's not a skill check. 11? This is to craft the-- The entire thing? Okay. (sighs) You manage to pull apart, over the period of a few days, Ripley's pistol. You take aspects of whitestone and residuum dust as well as residuum glass and begin to reconstruct it, based on its elements, in a much more refined, in a much more Percival-practiced method. You attach the fifth barrel, the one that you intend to be used to deliver short-range explosives, and it seems to fit together. It's nothing fancy, and a little part of you goes like, it's rattling a little when you shake it in your hand. Go ahead and make a perception check. No, this would be investigation. This is where the intellect plays off, guys. Okay. It looks pretty solid. You think it would be wise to take additional materials with you as you leave, just in case you want to build something else, but this seems functional. So in theory, going forward, the gun does function, but every misfire number is increased by two. A misfire of three on the pistol and what is now a misfire of five with the fifth barrel. Well, for the ammunition it has to be a little more specific. We'll get to that. With the time you have at this point, you've just managed to finish that before you guys are ready to go. Cool, all right. So what's the intent, guys? You sent a letter, notifying them of what has happened, that Whitestone has been freed. As far as you know, that's been sent. It's been pretty soon. That was just a few days ago in Whitestone. It was hard thinking of an address in Vasselheim that would reach her, but you did your best to conjecture, and you attempted it, so we'll see if it finds its way. All right, so how are you guys getting back to Emon? There are a couple liveries here that do sell, aside from keeping the horses of the actual guard. Okay. I'd say you're looking at probably about five to six days' travel on horseback to get back to Emon. Yeah, it's not a challenge, really. It's just a very short time period. Yeah, you can do that if you want to. Easy enough to get it signed by Keeper Yennen, you get it signed by Cassandra. Yes. Last you were told, Allura is coming with a couple of companions to investigate the ziggurat. There was no indication that you're required for that, nor could you really aid in that-- Well, your vast understanding of arcane elements and the history of magic should come in handy. Drez Vina? You haven't seen Drez Vina in about a year and a half. You acquired it. It didn't take much time. You also, be reminded, you that you have a prisoner in the bottom of Greyskull Keep that was a survivor of the Briarwood-- Yeah, you haven't checked in. For people tuning in for the first time, I'm going to give you no context. As you concentrate and close your eyes, you take a moment to connect with that one moment in Greyskull Keep, above the kitchen where you had left your last present. This being relatively early morning on this part of the countryside, you do look in and you see that there is part of a breakfast being cooked for whoever's running the guard time-portion that part of the morning. Currently, nothing else catching your attention. You do see Laina in there walk in and start cooking up some stuff and walk back out. No, she looks to be quite healthy and quite jovial, whistling a little tune, although you can't hear it so well. There you go, Eskil Ryndarien. That's the one, yeah. The archmage in Westruun. That'll come in real handy. All right, great. The Sun Tree's definitely a large enough tree to create the portal you can step through, yeah. All right. So the rest of you guys gather towards the center of the town square in the middle of Whitestone. You approach the Sun Tree, and Keyleth, you step forward. You hear the tree silently fist bump you through its arcane connection. You hear a voice whisper in the back of your mind, "You too, girl." As you trace your fingers across the surface of the Sun Tree, its large, curled boughs now starting to sprout remnants of what looks to be fresh leaves. Where your fingers trace, the bark itself seems to glow with a bright vibrant yellowish-orange color. As you create a full oval shape that would fit most of your party, suddenly, there's a sucking sound, and it's like the bark is pulled into a distant doorway. And from what you can see, it's almost like someone carved a tunnel through the Sun Tree that traverses for about 30 or so feet. Essentially. All of you guys come walking through it, and it is a short-term tunnel. Immediately, you can see the other side of it, and as you step through, you can already feel behind you the entrance closing. As you push through with Trinket and Grog pulling up the rear, you can feel the actual tunnel closing behind you. All of you come bursting out of the other side of one of the trees that is currently planted inside the temple to Sarenrae within Greyskull Keep, and as you all gather yourselves and hear the closing sound, the (sucking sound) of the doorway closing behind you, you glance about and you can see all the stained glass, the rosebushes that are well kept, there are a series of small wooden benches that are placed in a pattern, and behind you, you see currently wiping down the stone on the front of the temple is, in plain clothes, a sleepy-eyed, currently woken-up Pike. When you had heard the party was going to Whitestone, you were already in fear of what may lie there, knowing the history of Percy's past and hearing bits here and there. You came to try and catch them before they left, but by the time you came to Emon, they had already been gone for quite some time. You haven't, actually, in the time you've been here. As you guys head out of the temple, it leads you into the main foyer area. Stepping out into the foyer, you immediately hear a loud metal clang in the hallway around to your right. And you all immediately stop for a moment. You hear some other rustling down at the edge of the hallway. You guys are in the foyer of the main temple's base floor. Okay. Make a stealth check. Yes. Okay. As you come around the corner into the main central hallway of the foyer you can see there is, to the right is the dining room area, and that's closed, and you can smell the breakfast being cooked in the kitchen that's far down to the right of the hallway. To the left is the arcane laboratory. The door is currently ajar, and you hear the rustling from the inside. Okay. All right, so. Your image dissipates and vanishes. As you tiptoe up and peek around the corner of the doorway, you can see now there's a few small metallic instruments that have fallen to the ground, and you see a familiar humanoid red dragon-scaled individual who is currently picking up. (grumbling) "Confounded thing." And puts it into a bag and starts tying it up and is currently packing up the laboratory. Out of nowhere you, (startled grumbling) And pushes you away and grabs the staff and spins around. "You mustn't sneak up on a Stormwind like that." As you guys walk in, you see Tiberius seems both surprised and keeping a composure element to him, his chin high. "Greetings and salutations, friends. I'd hoped I'd see you before "heading out." "Well, I've spent a few weeks in Draconia trying to secure aid for us in Whitestone." "Indeed I am. But over these past few weeks I've been continuously balked by my father. By the "time I had given up and came to join you, word found me of your victory. Thus, I instead remained "here in Emon. I've had some time to think, being here on my own for the better part of a week now. "I consider you all friends and fine warriors, mostly. I've enjoyed our travels together, I've "learned much, and for that I thank you sincerely. However, my diplomatic mission has fallen to the "wayside in these recent months, and while my personal mission to recover these artifacts has "grown stagnant, as proven by my time in Draconia, I have still yet to gain the respect of my family. "I feel that the path of Vox Machina and the path of Tiberius Stormwind haven't been aligned for "some time. In hearing about your victory with the Stormwinds-- oh, that's me-- your victory with the "Briarwoods, made me think that while I was sure that you all needed me to protect you, I may have "underestimated you all. Perhaps you are quite capable without a Stormwind. And perhaps I am more "capable on my own pursuits, with no distractions. I respect you all very deeply, and hope to "continue to hear of your exploits across Tal'Dorei, but I think it is time--" And he takes his staff and smacks it on the ground and picks up his bag of things. "I think it is time this "dragonborn carved his own path." "I've been packing for a few days, as you know." "The politics of these strange human kingdoms don't really affect me. At least I figure "you've got this taken care of, and you'll speak in my name, of course, right, right?" "Of course. So. Don't mess that up." "At the time they'd even come to find me, I'm sure the name would be cleared." "That's true." "As I shall never forget all of you." And you can see for a second there's a little tear cresting in his nose, and he like, "Dust. You know that, of course." He looks around, takes a moment. "You? No." (laughter) He pats you on the shoulder. "I'm very terrible at goodbyes, so--" He steps back. "Goodbye." Flicks his wrist and you can see an already prepared teleportation circle in the room flash with blue runes as his image, waving towards you, scatters into nothing. The runes die down to a cold magicless circle. Okay. As the rest of you head down, you find your way to the basement where your workshop is, and there, sitting in a chair, currently eating a small steel platter of breakfast, is Jarett, who looks up immediately as you walk in and says, (laughs) "Good morning to all of you! It has been "quite some time since we've spoken. I am glad to see that you're well and in one piece. Everything "here has been fine." And he points back to, you can see on the bed that was dragged down into the prison cell. Oh, no, I think it was actually dragged away. Dragged back out. See within the cell is the small boy from Whitestone who's also now eating off his own small platter as well, and his eyes light up, mouth full of eggs. (muffled talking) He seems to be fine and in good health. "There were no other attacks as far as I know, we kept a very very close eye, and for a "while we had a fine elemental protector from, with help here from Lady Keyleth." "Yeah, very unsettling, to be perfectly honest. " "Yeah, I don't feel comfortable with haphazardly tethered creatures from other realms. "It historically has gone very poorly, so it was good to know that nothing bad terribly happens." Jarrett steps aside and starts opening the cell as the boy finishes swallowing his eggs and sits up. Waiting to see if she has it in her notes. Always fun to test these things. (singing) If I recall, it begins with a 'D.' Technically. I knew one of you wrote it down. Desmond goes, "It's over? The Briarwoods are no more?" And you visually see a weight off his shoulders. He seems to shrink almost three inches from just the full exhale of his body, and a little bit of tears well up in his eyes and he says, "Whitestone? Does it still stand?" "I can't wait to get back." "Yes?" "Of course. You kept me safe, you saved me. Most of me." "Of course, I'd be happy to, it'd be my pleasure." "Great." And he goes and off the little stone slab there he pulls his platter, which is already half-eaten, and eagerly walks up holding it with you, expectantly. Okay. He doesn't notice, he's too excited. You guys make your way back up to the dining room area, and it's at that time that you see, coming down the hall, Laina. Turns around the corner and goes, "Pike?" "Oh, goodness me, look, everyone's returned! That's wonderful, it's so good to see all of you." "I've done my best. I'm so excited to see that you're all well. You don't look very well "fed. I can fix that. Come on, this way." "I've just gotta make a little bit more, but first course is coming! Please, please." And she opens the doors and leads you guys in the dining area. You all sit down, Desmond joins you, and she comes back and begins to prepare the rest of the meal for you over the next half-hour or so. While you dined on some really, really fine Whitestone food while you were enjoying the fruits of the Winter's Crest festival, it is nice to have a home-cooked meal for a while. All right. So you finished your meal, what is your next order of business? There are days of the week, I'm not gonna go into the specifics of it because I'm working on it. This question hasn't really arisen before and I probably should figure that out. It's the equivalent of a Thursday. "What?" "Okay." He just continues finishing. Missing. No, it was properly dressed and has been changed as time went on while you guys were gone. Crying into his eggs. You're terrible. Oh no, he's like close to 18, 19. He's missing most of his fingers and a large part of the upper part of the hand is missing. Yeah, it's bandaged over, and he's still able to kind of use part of the thumb. Restoration is more of a, restoration is more of a removal of impairments to, on like the whole, like curses, charms, things that affect their body and mind wholly. Current, you know, like that. What you're looking for is more of a very minor regeneration, which I would allow to a very small extent with a high-powered heal. What do you wanna do, Pike? Okay, so what level Cure Wounds you want to do? All right, go ahead for a level two Cure Wounds. You can, actually, 'cause I'm gonna have a wisdom check from her in a moment as part of that. 2d8 plus five. Okay, so you heal 15 points, that's good. Go ahead and roll a d20, add your wisdom modifier which I think is plus five, and then add another d10 to that because of his inspiration. Roll a d10 just to add on to it, see how-- Okay. So as part of the healing, as you take his hand, you pull the bandages off, and you can still see the wounds are scabbed over, and it's healing but it's healing over. As you concentrate for a moment, close your eyes, you can see the symbol of Sarenrae and that glows for a moment, and that healing energy transfers down your arms to your forearms, to your fingertips, and into the wound. And his hand begins to give off its own radiant energy. He freaks out and backs up for a second, but you-- -- keep his hand there, calm him down. As the light fades, you can see the wound itself is now closed over entirely, and the part where he can only partially use his thumb and his finger, that section has completely healed over and both his thumb and his pinky finger are complete now. And can be used to grab. But it's functional! There you go. Much more useful. Nope. No longer needs any dressing whatsoever. 1000 or 1100 in the morning? Yes. The bloody bag of gold, sifting through it, it contains the equivalent of 230 gold pieces. The bag of gems, it's a few semi-precious stones, but then there are a couple of well-carved sapphires, emeralds, couple of nice gems. The overall worth of that bag probably comes to about 1,200 gold. The jewelry box has largely gold rings, a few gold earrings, the overall worth of the jewelry in there from what you can ascertain given the time that you were spending with it and your experience with having to hock and pawn things that you've acquired over your travels, you could probably sell everything in the jewelry box for about 150 gold. No, there are no magical implements of it. It is purely just a jewelry box for Tylieri's own collection. Okay. It is a nice jewelry box. So Percy and Grog will helm the walk and the rest of you will stay back at a distance and keep a close eye. You guys make your way into Emon, and the first thing you notice is, as it was recently Winter's Crest, a lot of the decorations are still up. You see streamers and ribbons of white and blue throughout the city, elements of confetti that are still being cleaned up off the streets. It is a busy day, being midweek and about noon-time, so it's also nice to be back home where you can hear the classic sound of hoofs clopping on the cobblestone, the shouting of different individuals across the thoroughfare, and you make your way towards the center of the Cloudtop District. As you guys approach the main gate, the guards immediately step in front and as you two approach, "Halt, there! Have you business here in the Cloudtop?" And he looks over at you and goes, "You're Vox Machina. You're not allowed in here, and I'd like to know your business, please." Make a persuasion check. Okay. Looks at the both of you, looks past and sees the rest of the group a little ways back, looks at the guard companion at the front of the gate, and goes, "That can be arranged, just no "funny business. The moment you do, this entire district's gonna be down on your head." "Good, good." He puts his thumb up, and you hear the chains (rattling) and the portcullis begins to lift that leads into the central area of the Cloudtop District. You guys step back into the familiar area, the streets here much cleaner, the cobblestone much fresher-- this is where the more upper-class and elite of Emon stay, live, and keep most of their business. You make your way through with the two guards flanking you guys, and you can see four more coming down from nearby parts of the wall, and flank you guys from the back to make sure that you're encased and taken care of. As you walk through the streets, what turned out to be an arrival is almost a procession, as individuals are now coming out and seeing this group of you guys walking through the street and peek out. Some of the local nobles and such, some seem to recognize you and go "Oh!" and dart back in. There was a woman you spoke to a couple years ago, it was an older, spinster-type woman who was planning a wedding for her daughter. She waves for a second and goes to talk to you guys real fast, and then one of the guards raises a pike towards her and goes "Mmm." "All right, hmm." She walks back off. "Curious." You are led past the Citrine Garrison, through the central palace, up the front steps that lead to the doorway, the gates that are currently opened. You are led into the central foyer chamber of the central palace, and as you are brought to that point, you can immediately see the guards on the inside step forward and have a whispering conversation with the gentleman-- You can. The conversation entails "Vox Machina has returned to Emon. They are requesting an audience "with Uriel." The other guard says "Last bit of documentation we've received was they were to be "arrested on sight." The first says "I know, I know, but Uriel rescinded that recently. He said "if they show up to bring them in. They don't seem to be aggressive at all. If they're now going to "do anything stupid we could just kill them here, so they know better than to do anything stupid." The other guard person goes "You're right, but I've seen what they can do. Bring out whoever you "have on shift." And as they step away, "This way, please!" and you can see the guard that was with you splinters off from the rest of the party and as you guys walk down the hallway, a few moments later, about 20 guards begin to come out from the nearby hallways, and follow behind you. And it-- And he goes "Oh, ha, yeah, good." And another guy pats him on the shoulder and he puts his spear back in place. The throne doors open, entering the skylight-- the noonday sun now pouring beams of light into the central chamber. You can see, stepping towards the central dais is Uriel Tal'Dorei, who has not been there previously, and apparently has been recently summoned to the chamber through your arrival. As he steps up and sits in his chair, he notices you guys entering with the guards, and nods his head for a moment and looks off to the side, and approaching him to join him on top of the platform is Seeker Asum, who apparently has returned, with his shaven halfling head, with his tattoos on the side, and Arbiter Brom, the cleric of Ioun who oversaw part of your guys' initial trial here in the castle chambers-- And then after them, you see Guardian Tofor Brotorus, who is the silver-scaled female dragonborn, who is currently the head of the town's guard. Brotorus. It's most of it, from the last time you guys were here, yeah. As you guys are brought forward, the guards stop, and let you continue the rest of your pathway forward, you step up to the-- Okay, is Percival the only one that's gonna step up? As those of you who wish to then step up to the front of the dais, Uriel sits up and puts his hand out to tell you to stop where you are. He waves his hand. "It's all right, don't worry." And he puts his hands together like this, and he seems very thoughtful for a moment, and the silence that pierces the room leaves this underlying tension, this awkward bit of wondering. This build of tension begins to fill the room before he goes "First and foremost, I owe each and every one of you the deepest apologies. I've "only recently cleared my head of a cloud of poor judgment, one that apparently wasn't one of my own "making." And you can see, he looks genuinely distraught. There's bags under his eyes a little bit, like he hasn't been sleeping well, and you can see one of the servants go "Shall we bring "Salda?" He says "No, no, it's all right. When last we spoke, we had a trial, many things that "were brought to our attention. In the time of your absence, in hoping that you would find means of "absolving yourselves of these charges, Seeker Asum here traveled out about to Wildemount to do his "own bit of informatory gathering. He returned about a week ago, and just as I was attempting to "sort out this haze-- Asum, if you would please." And he rests his hands for a second, and Asum steps forward and puts his hood back and closes his hands before him. "First of all, a gracious "welcome to you, Vox Machina and friends. I did my digging in Wildemount, specifically Wynandir and "Port Damali, near the southwest coast of the Shearing Channel. Inquiries by myself and my "gatherers before me revealed that the Briarwoods, while once respected in that community, had been "accused of necromancy about six years before, a practice that had long been outlawed in "Wildemount. Their estate and all lands were to be seized by King Dwendal, but the Briarwoods were "officially killed when their homestead was burned by a mob." "By a mob. All official documentation in Wildemount on the Briarwoods was set in this day, "and that we the end of their line. However, this information was kept from ever making its way "across the shore, as there isn't a lot of business between Wildemount and Emon. Upon doing more "digging, in Port Damali, months later, it seemed that individuals matching their appearance "appeared briefly within the Port, where they bought a ship and hired a crew. Now there was no "political knowledge in Wildemount, or any approval of a bridge being built, either. This announcement "from the Briarwoods, whom had previously been silent, came about the time that I'd sent two of "my gatherers to look around, and never returned. I theorized that this entire presentation to Emon, "and these political handshakes, were a means to avoid suspicion. I don't know what to, or to what "means, but the timing seemed a bit conspicuous to me. Those were my findings in Wildemount, and "based on our last discussion, it appears that Lord Briarwood seemed to contain some semblance of "mind-affecting prowess. I myself befell to it, as did our Sovereign here. Thankfully, it came to its "end recently." And you can see there's a nod and a deep sigh of guilt that emanates from Uriel. "Anyway, that is the gist of my findings while you were off in Whitestone. Sovereign." And he steps back, and Uriel raises his head, leaning forward with his elbows on the edge of his knees, still sitting on his throne. "It's also been brought to my attention that the attack within my walls was "indeed instigated by the Briarwoods themselves, and that Sylas is vampiric in nature. This is the "influence that clouded me. This is twice now that I have found myself, in spite of all of my "protections and intents to defend this city, that I have fallen prey to the wills and whims of some "infernal intent. And that is not a way to breed respect or trust in one's leader. I have a lot to "think about. Regardless, let it stand that as of this moment, Vox Machina is immediately returned "to their place on the council, and all charges against them dropped." "So. We've also received a bit of word that you were successful in returning Whitestone to "some semblance of new order. Please, if you would." "It is good to know." "I appreciate your counsel, Percival. (sighs) Well, if there is the de Rolos still in "rule, then are you to return to Whitestone?" "We will, very much, endeavor to extend as much aid as we can to the rebuilding of "Whitestone. As to the bridge, this may be more of a matter of us working with the powers of "Wildemount, as we were under the impression that that was being handled by the Briarwoods. But we "shall pursue this, as this would still be a great boon to our countryside. Well, thank you, thank "you for coming." "I understand." "This is being looked into, as previously was thought that such an enchantment was already "provided. It appears the magic went inert, and a re-enchantment is being looked into. And your "advisement on Allura's great deal of respect, influence, has been noted, as it has for the "entirety of her length here as part of the council. When she returns from Whitestone, I "intend to see that she is properly rewarded and regarded in this forum." "That she is. That she is." He leans forward and puts his hand out. "Please, anything--" Thumbing through the paperwork. "It's not-- Asum." He hands it over and Asum takes a moment of quiet to himself to thumb through, and he's very carefully inspecting and looking about the edges. "I'm currently confirming handwriting. One that I deal with quite often." "My liege, these papers do appear to be genuine, and that does indeed appear to be the "handwriting of Riskel Daxio." Uriel takes the papers back and, "It's not-- he's been at my side since I was young. His "father, Mikael, helms our forces at Fort Daxio. Guards! Find and seize Riskel Daxio at once." The guards immediately go to action, bringing their weapons and scattering outside of the throne room. You can hear the clanging of footsteps, heavy footfalls, and weapons and shields banging as they start just scattering about the entire palace around you. "Fort Daxio. It's our northern military post. It's by the Cliffkeep Mountains. Lots of "very dangerous things reside up there, giant creatures, and he holds the border. He's the "adopted father of Riskel, not his actual--" "I shall look into it. They haven't spoken in quite a long time, and as far as I know there "wasn't a lot of love between the two. Besides, Mikael is not at the Fort right now, Mikael is "down in Syngorn on a diplomatic military mission." "Caution it is." You look behind and Desmond is standing behind you all, wide-eyed and so confused and overwhelmed by everything that's happening, and just eagerly awaiting for you to fill him in-- "Yes, yes I was told of this, the carriage-man that you had attacked." "Yes. I would still wish to send him with a few of our trusted soldiers to keep him safe. The "roads are not safe between here and Whitestone in general, and I mean no offense to you, young sir, "but you don't look able with a weapon." "That could, no, that will be arranged." Make a persuasion roll. Not great. He gives a nod and looks to Desmond. "Certainly. It's only fair. You've travelled this "far and undergone much personal difficulty in aiding us and relieving this darkness in our "territory, and yours as well. I would like to grant upon him by my estate as Sovereign Uriel a "granted gift of 1,000 gold pieces to be sent on his way." Desmond's like "I-I--" "That's a lot of coins, huh?" There's an awkward tense pause for a moment as everyone looks over to Vex, including Uriel. Seeker Asum stifles a chuckle. Uriel nods, "That is generous." At which point, two-- Two guards rush in at this point, and whisper something into his ear, which, Vex, you see their lips moving, as that's what you can do. The verbiage comes across as-- actually, no. Okay! Climbing over a camera. So Uriel's eyes go wide for a moment, nods. "All right." The guards rush back off, and, "Well, if there's anything else, I believe this concludes our "business." Desmond nods. "I imagine so." An individual of the Court has just come up and handed him a sack of gold coins and he hasn't even-- he's not listening to you. He puts some down the front of his pants and pulls his little belt tight. "I-I, um--" He is escorted by two of the guards to his temporary chambers here at the palace. Thinks for a minute. "I know you just returned. You've already done so much. But it has "come to my attention that Riskel Daxio apparently has fled the palace, or at least has not been seen "for a number of days. I've set the guards on it, and Seeker Asum, you as well, see if you can "gather as much information as you can-- but if you find it within your capabilities to seek any "information regarding his whereabouts and possibly bring him to justice, I would be very grateful and "happy to reward for the destruction of this traitor." "It's only been a few days, so, I haven't, no--" "We're trying to find out now. You may move swifter than my guard, if previous experience has "taught me anything." He looks over to some of his guards who are like, what? At this point, Guardian Tofor reaches over and says, "My liege, if I might also be excused to "do my own search, I would appreciate that." "But of course, Guardian, please, go on your way." And she scatters off. The rest of the council looks about, and glances at the rest of you. Uriel stands up from his throne, "Very well. Thank you, and you're all dismissed from this council "meeting." And he stands up and begins walking off with Seeker Asum at his side, quickly talking up to him and they're both having this heated discussion as they leave out to the western side of the throne room. There are four other guards, two appointed to the front door and there are two at the sides of the central throne. They both step back for a minute from the booming voice out of nowhere, and, "Yeah." (laughter) Which building? You're cool now. Yeah, all the charges have been dropped. Seeker Asum found information that it seems that the whole bridge conversation-- It was a ruse that arose-- well, it arose because he began to send agents into Whitestone to find out what was happening, and he believes they discovered that Emon was now looking at them, and so they reached out to try and distract or prevent them from going any further. So as opposed to being just quiet and accepting this outside attention, they cut it off at the head and went like, "Hey! Let's talk about how we can work together as a way to try and not keep this weird, "constant influx of spies." To continue to raise belief in that conversation. It may not be the case, but that was-- Okay. Riskel was also in charge of security within the palace. And part of the notes that you had received about him talked about discussing back and forth with the Briarwoods in preparation for their arrival, to make sure that most of the magical wards and defenses that were usually set up there were all removed or false. So, as you make your way over to-- (laughs) as you make your way over to Riskel Daxio's room, there are two guards out the front. You can hear things being rummaged around through inside. You can see a couple guards are picking apart his room, and at first glance as you step up, they see you, and the guards step aside. The guards stop rummaging as you enter. You can see cabinets and stuff have been pulled out, bedsheets have been turned over. Most of the room appears to have been left untouched, except for most of his belongings-- anything that would have worth is empty. Most of his drawers are empty. You can see already, there is what looks to be a small chest that is open and empty on the ground. Go for it. Make an investigation check. For investigating these specific things for this purpose, yes. Okay. Inspecting the room, you find-- the chest that you're looking at currently, Vax, it has scrapes on the inside that look like it contained a great sum of money, that was then removed and taken, as if pretty much a large portion of his personal wealth was removed. That's your inspection check. You, looking about the room, Vex, you find that the arrangement of the furniture seems to have these glyphs that are inscribed on certain pieces of his furniture that are reminiscent of some of the glyphs that you saw-- No, actually, on the ziggurat. There are symbols that are concurrent with some of the writings that you saw inscribed up there. You can't read it, necessarily, and they don't appear to be enchanted by any means, at least not anymore, but there is-- it appears like there was something about this room that was purposely arranged for some sort of arcane purpose. Anyone who wants to take a shot at arcane, I would recommend those who are proficient, because it's pretty deep knowledge. So. As you all sit around and pull forth this chair, there's a broken piece of the-- (laughs) of the bed that was found as part of the guards rummaging through the room. You also see that one of the floorboards that is pulled up has this carved on the bottom element of it. And as you're looking it over, especially, specifically Scanlan, who has seen many things about the world as a bard, and taken in much knowledge. You're trying to find out what the connection to this is. You've seen parts of this arrangement before, and while the runes are different, there is something about the way they're arranged that reminds you of something, and Grog, you immediately remember that the last time that your party tried to scry into somewhere that didn't want to be scryed in, and it was either aggressively ousted or prevented from any sort of intrusion-- It's the same type of arrangement in here. Something about this just says, "This room doesn't want you to look at it." Having a look at it now that you've been given the guidance from Grog, the all-arcane-seeing barbarian-- He's very good at finding the memory. But that helps guide you to the knowledge and understanding, and immediately that is it. These glyphs were, while no longer having power because an element of them was taken or damaged in the process, this room was guarded against scrying, very subtly, but essentially preventing anyone from peering into Riskel's private goings-on and anything he was doing within his personal delvings with the Briarwoods was all kept from being peered into. Pretty much any caster of a decent, mediocre skill for casting can be done, and it's not a terribly uncommon enchantment, it's just expensive. Which ones? You sent different ones at different times. The letter that you guys had sent that just absolved you of your stuff that you had sealed, that was sent closer to Winter's Crest, and that has not arrived yet. The one that you sent to Allura, regarding the inspection of the ziggurat-- That arrived about a week and a half ago, so-- that arrived a lot sooner because you sent it a lot sooner, and Allura's already left, and apparently has gone to seek some allies to help her-- About three days, yeah. No hidden compartments throughout the room throughout your search, no. Yeah. You step outside of the room. Okay. You're gonna have to walk out on the actual palace into the courtyard area that's around the front. Yeah, there are two guards outside of the room, and there are the two guards that have stood back and let you guys go about your business. "As far as we know, last he was seen was a few days ago. His servant, actually, who's "currently being interrogated, two rooms down, will probably have more information." "This would be--" Hold on, let me pull this up real fast. The guard goes through all of his notes here. "Jeffrey." All right. We'll get there before you get to your place, so. As you're heading down through the palace. You guys go to the next room, and the door's open, and you can see this young man, probably in his early 20s or so, half-elf, his dark hair is pulled back into a very tight ponytail-- go, you got it. He's sat in a chair, currently, not tied up or anything, but there are two guards who are currently shouting at him and currently one's like, "Where'd he go? Have you "seen him? Where'd he go?" And he's, "I'm trying to tell you, he just-- he left three days ago. He "packed up and he left! He walked right out. He said he--" And he looks over and sees you at the doorway. (whimpers) The two guards immediately step away and leave the room. Do you enter with him? All right, so all of you guys follow in after Grog-- As it slams into the wood, it sinks about an inch, as the blade just slips into the wooden floor. And you can see, you guys, as he pulls it out and sets it to his side, almost like mist off of a very hot, wet surface. You can see shadow just drifting off the blade ever so slightly. "Right, um. I--" "Aye." "Yeah?" "I don't want him to." "Oh no. I don't want him to." "No, no." "No, I'm okay." "That would be three and a half days ago. He took most of his belongings and packed them up for "a trip. He said he'd be back within a month." He seems to be bewildered, fearful, and not holding back any information. He's just at a point where he doesn't seem quite sure what else to say. "Please don't. No, no, no, no no. No, no, no. You don't have to--" "Three days he left, he said he'd be gone for a month, I-I don't know where-- he left! "He-he-he walked right out of the Cloudtop District." "He didn't tell me. He didn't." "I don't know!" "Don't behead me. I just met a girl, please don't--" "No, there's no answers to find! I'm empty! I--" "He had a chest, but he took everything out, he left. I don't know! I don't know!" "Uh-- he um--" "I um-- I-I-I-I escorted him once or twice to the-- to the Graveyard District." "Uh, it was uh. It was a-a tavern-- it was far, far beneath him. I found it curious that he "would attend." "Uh, it was um..." "The Diamond Nest Tavern! That's the one! The Diamond Nest Tavern! He went there, I assumed "to do what young-ish elven men do when they're in stuffy work. I don't know! I don't know, I didn't "go inside." "Not often! A few times every few months." "No, not that I recall. He-- every six months or so... uh, a few times recently, in the "past month, but that was, that was all." "No no no no no! Please please please don't--" He's just weeping now, openly, like this-- You hear a voice in your head go, "No, keep the tears coming." (whimpering) "Don't kill me." He's lost at this point. "End its torture. End its measly life." "I can see everything you can see." (whimpering) "Yes!" Go ahead and make a wisdom check. Oh I'm sorry, a wisdom saving throw. 14! For a moment, the shadows begin to surround you, and you feel the urge to push the blade right through his measly little throat. But you see the face. But it's not his face it's the face of Pike right next to you looking up at you with this-- -- and you pull yourself out for a second, and the blade comes back instinctively. "Okay. I won't. Thank you! Thank you." "Okay! I will! I will!" (yelps) As you guys all walk out of there, you hear in the back of your head, Grog, this long, rumbling, deep, unhappy sigh. All right. So you guys, you're heading to the-- Yes. Now getting to Keyleth. All right! So. That got weird. All right. Commune with Nature. So what are you requesting to know about? As you're connecting, you feel your mind reach out to the earth itself, to all the plant life that exists beneath and through the cracks of the cobblestones. The few trees that are peppered throughout the city, keeping arduous watch over the goings-on within the city of Emon, and a single thought comes back to you that says, yes. Your vision casts through and brings towards the outskirts of the Graveyard District. It brings you to a series of buildings, one building in particular, but not within, beneath. And the vision fades. Yeah. He's beneath the tavern. That tavern-- You do. You have a brief vision. There are a number of tunnels that snake underneath the city, many of which are long-collapsed or destroyed. You do know there are a handful that spill out towards the docks, deep beneath the city itself. You're hard-pressed to find specific locations, but one of them does seem to drift near the location of the tavern you were previously given a vision of. Nature fades from your grasp, and suddenly your consciousness returns to just your simple form of Keyleth. This tavern, the Diamond Nest Tavern was the tavern that contained the secret entrance to the Clasp. No, no, this one does not. You've only really been to it at the really wee hours of the morning when no one was there for the most part so you could sneak in and out. You have not been there during its normal operating business hours. Right now, after all this conversation, I'd say it's pushing one, two o'clock in the afternoon. I was about to get to that. Actually. Gotcha. Are you guys heading towards the Graveyard District? All right. As you gather up this information, head out of the Cloudtop District towards the western side of Emon, towards the Graveyard District, we will go ahead and take a quick break. We'll see you guys back here in a little bit. [break] You hear Grog belch in the distance and it echoes through the open walkway of the city's streets. Yeah, it's pretty fantastic. You catch up to the party, and you guys make your way to the outside of the Diamond Nest Tavern, a familiar tavern to all of you as you've been here once or some of you twice before. However, during this time, the front doors are open, in the middle of the afternoon, and you can hear from the inside the laughter, bustle and movement of people, and music playing very loudly from the interior, it sounds like various instruments cross-playing and the occasional cheer as glasses and steins clink on the inside. Which cloak are you giving her, then? Okay. And you're keeping which one? No. (laughter) Your features are better hidden by this cloak, just because it's big and not currently designed for someone of your stature. Well, as you guys step inside, the clientele here appears to be regular; the equivalent of like a blue-collar work staff, like, a lot of folks that are you know, sleeves rolled up to the elbows, dirt on the face, gentlemen who are part of either construction crews, or stone workers, masonry, probably work within the actual district in the process of moving plots, or building, you know, small mausoleums, things like that within the actual confines of the district. You see across the way there's a live band playing, of which, you know, they're no one really of note at first, however, Scanlan, you do recognize two of the individuals on the far side of the bar. In the band. There is an individual named Kent Plucker, who is a halfling bard, currently on the lute, which you had traveled with previously, for quite some time along with the other individual you recognize, a rowdy-looking but well-dressed half-orc violinist named named Dr. Dranzel. (cheering) You've heard whispers from Scanlan long ago about just his travel, but you don't speak-- As you're getting that word out, you're shoved forward, stumbling, almost being tripped by a few of the patrons, but as you stop and look up, you see before you a young, cute gnomish girl with very short pixie-brown hair, currently playing the flute. She looks over at you and gives you a winky grin. To the right of her you see a rather rotund human male, with a bushy blond beard and raggedy hair who currently has a series of small percussion drums around him and just hitting around, and to the other side of the small gnome girl you see a half-elven, more mature woman, in the later years for a half-elven woman, hair tied into a very, very tight bun, and she is in the process of singing this wondrous tune that matches this improvisational feel of the band. Currently Kent is not paying attention and is on the far right side, but behind them all, towering over, just by stature, is Dr. Dranzel with his violin, and as you stumble forward he looks over and just gives you a smile and keeps playing. (laughter) "It would be an honor! Scanlan Shorthalt, ladies and gentlemen! Jump into the fray!" And with that, the current song comes to a close, they all lift their instruments expectantly and look towards you. What instrument do you pull out? Yeah, no worries. So you pull out your flute and other gnomish girl with her flute as well gives you a look, and you guys start weaving together this flute duel, almost like Flight of the Bumblebees but two conflicting sides-- Go ahead and make a perform check if you could. Okay. No worries. As you guys begin to build this perpetual symphony of-- it's almost jazz flute almost in this improvisational feel to it. The drums build, you can see Dr. Dranzel is tapping his foot to it and he gets this really fast fiddle sound out of a classic violin, the whole room begins to gather around and cheer. Vex. Okay. Gotcha. All right, so. As the song builds, builds, builds, people are cheering and shouting, and you bring the drinks over, Keyleth, and you set them down. Make another perform check. And with that, you both inhale, almost like through eye contact you knew it was coming. Hold, and hold, and you can see her eyes start to get tense and bloodshot, her face starts turning beet red, all the rest of the music stops and everyone just gathers around, the air leaves the room as everyone seems to lean in, and eventually she gives up and exhales and inhales sharply, dizzied by it but still smiling and you can only imagine the blurred romantic tunnel vision she has in your direction, as you carry it for about three seconds more and then end with a trill at the end. The whole room just rouses in cheers and clapping, you can now see coppers and silvers and a few gold are being thrown onto the floor in front of you, there's a small bucket at the base of the small stage platform and Dr. Dranzel then stands up, takes his hat off of the ground next to him, and bows, as the rest of the group bows before as well. You know the drill, you've done this for quite some time. Everyone cheers, a few more drinks, even though you bought rounds for everyone, other people are buying rounds and bringing it up. And it's been a while since you've done a performance of this magnitude, and it makes you feel good, and at that point you feel a hand clasp your shoulder and Dr. Dranzel leans in, "It's good to see you again, Shorthalt. It's been "a while." "Haven't lost your edge." "Honest? We've always been honest. Come! Drink. Eat with us." And they all put their instruments up, as he says "We've just finished our set. Let's catch up. It's been some time, I'd "like to hear of your journeys and tell you of some of ours." "Oh are these, are these your friends?" "You can afford a bodyguard of that magnitude?" "Well great, great, well, come on, you don't all need to stay away! Have your friends "sit with us." "Certainly!" He goes and calls over, he goes, "Kaylie, Zed, help me with the tables." And the gnome and the rotund bearded human rush off and start grabbing a couple of the tables and they cram them in the corner, so now you basically have built this monopoly on the far corner of the tavern now, where all of you guys can sit around and cluster. "Sorry, not all of us are quite as old and seasoned as the others." (jeering and laughter) "Scanlan Shorthalt. You know, I've heard quite a bit about you." "Indeed. And I know better than most ladies that may cross your path." How? What would you like to do to make Scanlan look better in this circumstance? She gives you a look over, looks over at Scanlan. She actually at that point goes (laughs), turns around, "Doctor! You weren't kidding. This "one's certainly a card." And she gives you a wink, and passes a drink your way across the table. As the crowd simmers down, people go back about their business, and the drinks are brought to the table and scattered about, the rest of you find your seats, and sitting around, they gather up the coin that was taken, and Kent, who sits down next to Dr. Dranzel, looks over and says "Ah, it's been a "while, Scanlan. I'm glad to see you. Glad you could join us. It was like old times. It was nice." "Well, we just finished up coming out here and playing for Winter's Crest. We made a good "deal of money, we're on our way out and figured we'd finish up a few of these gigs." And Dr. Dranzel kicks in and says, "Emon, these days, seems to be doing all right. Paid us well for our "time here and, well, you've earned a little coin yourself from this." And he takes a little handful of coins from the pile they had amassed and chucks it over your way. It's like 25 gold. "Fair enough!" And he scoops it back. (laughter) "Ah, you're fine." At this point, you guys notice a small halfling boy, definitely not an adult, probably in his late teens, comes up to the edge of the table, you know, big eyes and softer features, and he's dressed a little inconspicuously, comes up. "Doctor. Good performance, good performance." and he claps and looks about the rest of the table. And Doctor's like, "It's fine, boy, "they're friends." At which point the boy nods, looks about the rest of you, lifts up a small satchel and unloads it on the table next to Dr. Dranzel, and you see spill out a much larger collection of coppers, silver, rings, bits of jewelry, a few loose coin purses, and Dr. Dranzel reaches over and pats him on the head. "Good boy, Samson, good boy." "Thanks," and he looks about awkwardly and expectantly and--- "Hey, when business is good, Scanlan, when business is good." And he reaches over and grabs a small bit of the gold coin and puts it into Samson's hands and goes, "Go buy yourself some toys," and pats him on the back, and the boy runs off excitedly. He quickly looks about and takes a bunch of the gold and scoops it into a small satchel at his side and hands it off to Kaylie. Kaylie takes it. Kaylie, who at this point has been introduced as the gnomish girl who you saw her grabbing the table. She takes the satchel and whisks her hand for a moment and the satchel just vanishes in her grasp in a little puff of smoke. "Huh. So the company you're keeping seems to be formidable." "What can we call you?" "Sounds really formal." "I like that much better!" (laughter) "That's the Scanlan I know. Shits it is. So, Shits, what do you do? What's your trade? What are "you tugging around with this sorry sap for?" There aren't a lot of kings in these lands. (laughs) "All right, Kingslayer. So I take it you're all experienced in a little skullduggery "from time to time, yes?" "We're thinking of shoving off. We recently got a tip, if you're interested. Word came about "about a dickhead with too much change in his basement---" Yes. I'm leaning on the back of a chair that I see in my imagination. (shouts) It's my window! Go with it! Towards the back of the tavern, there's a small wooden thing. He's lounging, he's a casual guy, the Doctor. No. It is Doctor Dranzel. "Anyway." "Word came about a dickhead who has too much change in his basement. It's weighing down his "personality. You wanna help this poor old withered man alleviate this burden?" "No! I mean, help it go to good hard-working folk who deserve it more." "I haven't dealt with him personally. People have told me he's a bit of a thorn in the side of, "well, any lively folk. Especially those of an artistic persuasion." "Don't know the name. But I know where he lives. We've looked at the place, cased it if you "will. There could be a few ways in. Unfortunately, we've become a little higher profile during our "stay here than we expected and I don't know if we're quite as skilled in the realm of shadow-walking." "Right, very well." "Well, not to worry. Figured I'd pass it your way." "Well, based on a finder's fee, and based on the relationship we've had all these years, our "troupe would be happy to take a 40% cut." "From what I've heard, sizeable enough for me to want to include someone the likes of you. "You know I don't like to include outsiders so regularly." "All right, all right." "You've got a smart bodyguard on your hands, too! (laughs) What's your name?" "That's a good name. Yeah. Speaks of intelligence." Sure. "But no worries." "Yeah!" "We're all rather less fortunate than this dickhead, and I don't see why a little off his "table wouldn't even be noticed, probably." I have my reasons, my connections, my friends here, and I've been told that his estate has been abandoned for some time, actually. "You may." "Sounds to me unfinished and rather sloppy. Just Doctor is fine." "Yes? Doctor. Doctor." Make a persuasion check. Oh, interesting. Okay, okay. Good to know this. All right, then. What saving throw does he get for that one? Oh, right, right. Okay, okay. Yep, go for it. You're rolling a persuasion with advantage. Okay. He looks to you and goes, "We don't know who it is. We've been told it's in the "Cloudtop District. It's a red brick building. It's been abandoned for over a year and apparently it's "been well boarded up. But from what I've been told, quite a lot of wealth is down there. But "it's a bit dangerous of an entry. We have no way of getting into the Cloudtop, but these myths keep "finding our ears." "That's unfortunate." "I know that a few individuals have tried to make their way in. Came out with hefty sums of "gold but seemed to be a bit spooked." "Hello, Greg. All right, Craig." "That's all I know. All I know is they've had a few other of the thieving persuasion have "made their way in before and they came out with a decent chunk of change, given that they could only "be in there for a short time." He's hard to read, but the best you can tell is he's been pretty clear with you. And at this point as you're looking at him, his eyes go-- (laughs) "You're a tricky one. All right, you've got yourself some talented compadres." He takes the coin. Takes the drink. "Well, you know where it is. You know what it looks like. "If you're interested in finding your way in and come out with anything, we'll be here about "another week." "Probably been here about two weeks now. Two and a half weeks." You describe Riskel to him? Riskel's elven. Thin features, older. Has some battle scars, but long-ish hair kept behind his ears. And as you describe it, he goes, "Yes, yes actually. We had a gentleman like that who came in here a couple of times about a week "ago, and last saw a few days ago." "Yeah! He came in and watched one of our performances. Tipped us rather well!" (chuckles) "Seemed a bit hurried." "No, I assumed he was staying here at the tavern." "Yeah. Just upstairs, they have rooms here." As you head to the barkeep, you see a dwarven woman wearing a simple blouse, but pulled up past the elbows. She's currently wiping down part of the front-- you can see her hair is pulled up to a ponytail that drifts past her shoulders down to the center of her chest. She glances up to you as you approach. "Hi, so what can I get you, dear?" "We have rooms, aye. We only got one currently not occupied." "No? No, I haven't seen someone like that." Make an insight check. 23? Her demeanor has changed, and she has gotten guarded. "Nope, haven't seen anyone like "that here. Sorry! No. A lot of patrons coming through." She takes her cloth that she's wiping the counter with, and wipes over and pushes the gold coins towards you. Pulls back and goes, "Sorry, dear. I can't help you." Make a persuasion check. She looks at it. Looks at you. Still holding her cloth, wipes it clean from the bar pretty quickly. (quietly) "You one of them? Kitchen storage room. Under the rice and grain barrels." (louder) "Sorry! Can't help you. That's unfortunate." "Of course, of course." You actually have seen him outside at various events for the council. He was publicly around for-- especially during your guys' intro-- when you were first given entry to the council. You've seen Riskel around in daylight. "Certainly hope so." She said through the kitchen storage room, on the left. And the mark is actually at the middle of his-- "Your feet are weird? That's interesting." "Smaller than I expected, those feet!" "I know what they say." "Somehow I think I'm still getting the shit end of the deal." (laughter and applause) You guys shake on it. Are you waiting until sundown, or are you doing it now-- "Kaylie's fine." Some of the folks around are like-- some seem disinterested by it, and some clap. At this point, Dr. Dranzel is like "Hah! Well, this will be interesting!" And he's still sitting back, watching. You guys are going in first, you said? Stealth check. Okay. You seem to slip in. And there are two individuals currently running the kitchen. There's the smell of food, but there are no meals currently being cooked. They're just talking to each other. They don't even notice you slip by. Go for it. Make a stealth check? 25? Same thing. You guys turn around to the left of the kitchen. There is a small stairway that goes down about five feet into the storage room, where you find your brother. And this is all very familiar to you. You've been here once before. This is where you guys exited the guild on the way out, a long time ago. And there are a series of crates and stuff. But in the far back corner, there are two sacks that are labeled "rice" and "grain", that are leaned up against each other. So we'll get to you guys in just a moment. Who is next up after you guys? Everyone looks over and one gentleman stands up and--yells out into the kitchen--is like "Hey! "You're picking the song, mates!" Then you see two folks come out. One's an older woman, wrinkled face, hair's a bit tattered, but she seems happy and smiling amongst her-- happy lines are all throughout her face. The other one's a younger guy. Probably, looking at the features, related to her, who's helping her out in the kitchen. And they both step out, confounded. "What's going on?" "Well yes, what's going on?" All right. Stealth checks from both of you guys. Okay! The distraction was helpful! So you guys slip past, seemingly unnoticed. Everyone's attention is on them, currently. And they both look at each other, and she goes, "I, um. Could "you-- Flute, you say?" Takes some popcorn from her pouch. "It's a busy kitchen! Could you sing Clouds Upon the Horizon? That was my favorite as a girl!" Yep! There you go! (chuckles) All right, so you guys head down. Make stealth checks for both of you. That's going to be disadvantage on you, Pike. Coming down with you? After the-- You're really bringing Trinket down there with you? As you all are waiting, you guys start heading around. And as you're scooting around the kitchen staff, Trinket, who is currently out front, sees everyone scooting around and disappearing into the back. Leaning his head into the tavern, goes, (bear grunt) and begins walking into the tavern. Other patrons start like (startled exclamations), then like, "Bear! Bear, "bear!" And other individuals start standing up and seeing this bear come lumbering through the tavern, towards the kitchen. The bags. You go to lift them, expecting them to be very heavy. They're actually filled with something much lighter. They're false-filled, and they actually move out of the way very quickly. And there is this similar hatch that you guys have come through before. It's about five by five foot wide. Go for it. You guys were caught in the attention with Trinket, at the same time. So you guys were in the middle of the fray, as you were walking past. As you're bringing Trinket out, the attention is pulled away. I want you guys to make another stealth check. Grog? You have disadvantage on this one now. You guys walk past. As you're stepping into the kitchen, you hear the voice of one of the staff, "Excuse me! Excuse me! You can't be back here! This is our kitchen, we're trying--" "Take it outside! Don't do it in our kitchen!" Pike, make a deception check. (chuckles) I'll say with advantage, since Grog is aiding you in this. No, deception. With advantage, because Grog's helping you. That's better. The guy is like, "Oh, no. No! Not in here! Um! Right there!" and he points to a doorway on the other side of the kitchen that leads to the alleyway. And he's like, "Out there! No, go. Go!" Okay. You run and you open the door out into the alleyway. Grog follows you out. You do, if you go around the side, yeah. Trinket just lies there with his head on his paws. All right. No, one cook has come back in and is currently watching her pretend to vomit in the alleyway. Okay, thank you. There are no traps on this door, but it is locked. Okay. As you're doing this, you begin your "flaute-off"? I don't know. Roll performance! 28! Hold on, sorry. This is important, guys. Once I can get the ad off here. So, as you pull out your flute and you prepare for this wondrous-- Yes it is. (laughter) Let's get to the good part here. This is the whole album. Sure, and as the band picks up behind you-- Dr. Dranzel picks up his instruments and you guys start playing back and forth with your flutes just picking off-- improvising off of the classic! (laughs) Make another perform check. All right. Kaylie is trying to keep up and you can see her face starting to go red. But she's determined on this, and she continues pushing this into an improvisational flurry of notes that completely walks around your performance, previously done. And you find yourself having to take a step back as she begins stepping up onto the table. And now, even at her gnomish height, is looking over the entire crowd, as people-- who were not previously as interested-- are starting to turn around and look towards you two play. Make another performance check, with advantage. 22, all right. Apparently all Jethro Tull songs don't have any flute in them! Failure. Big failure on that part. We're going to go back to the-- (laughter) Aw. Anyway, as it crescendos and crescendos-- What did you roll? 22! You can see, now, the volume of her flute playing begins to pull back, as you begin to step up onto the same table next to her. Twice as high now, with the illusionary Scanlan above you, almost like those awkward middle school superimposed photos of yourself in the upper corner. Yeah! As the music swells, and the drums start picking up, you see Dranzel has now pulled up his violin and he's now furiously fiddling along with it. The music swells and swells. The guy in the kitchen who is looking for you guys hears this, and now turns his head and goes, "What's going on?" And looks back into the room. Guys, make one more stealth check. No. Okay. What did you get? Best two out of three, you make your way in. (laughter) Sure! Still works out. So, as the music picks up and swells, at this point, make one final performance check. 27. With this note, you bring once again, this same duel you guys had when you first entered the tavern, and you and Kaylie are facing off, looking directly at each other, furiously going on your flutes. Eyes locked, tapping your feet heavily against the actual wood to the table. The rhythmic pounding of your feet and the drums-- because the entire room now also slamming their tables in with it as the music builds and builds until eventually you both take one deep breath and go for that same sustained note a second time. She's challenging you at the game she lost last time, and the two of you both swell into this cacophonous spray of music that hits this one final note that pierces through and all the slamming stops, and everyone just waits to hear how long it will go. It carries and carries and carries. The breath never seems to end. Roll another performance roll. As you begin to trail off the sound of the note, you can see she's starting to already go a little blue in the face, determined to win this. And she's about to falter. You could win this, if you want to, but are you going to let her? As the flute leaves your lips and you go into a fake gasp of air, she finishes on a high, piercing tune, a trill, and then finishes off, carrying the flute away with a smile as your illusion fades. "You're good, but I'm better." "You said your purse." You reach over. Are you going to start thumbing through your purse and pulling out gold? She goes, "No, your purse. You bet your purse." "I spit on it." She looks over to Dranzel. Dranzel goes, "I did hear you say a full purse." What are you doing, Scanlan? You're not there. She takes it. How much was in there? She takes the chain purse and weighs it. "Let it be known throughout this tavern that "Scanlan Shorthalt is a man of his word." She takes the chain purse and flicks it away. It vanishes in a puff of smoke. She goes, "That's a lot of coin." "Perhaps we'll have a drink later." And she steps off the table. Now the rest of you have all made your way down into the storage chamber. Are you going to join them? Go ahead and make a stealth check. All right, you step under one of the nearby tables and come out, completely invisible. You make your way, stepping through the kitchen, downstairs and find that you currently, right now-- Vax, you are going to unlock the latch, you said? All right, perception check. Wait, you checked earlier, there's no traps. There's just a lock. Right, but it was still locked, you didn't roll to-- 23, it's a little tough, you just manage to get it up and it comes off and the latch-- pretty solid still. Okay, you open the (creaks) leads down below and you find yourself looking down into a familiar stairway that leads into darkness. All right, so, as you push down the stairway, we're doing marching order here just so we have it. So we have currently, you're at the front, who's behind Vax? All right Vex, you're behind him. Who's behind Vex? All right, Percy. All right, now, Scanlan, Pike, Grog, who's up next? No, just let me-- Who wants to go after Keyleth? Okay, so Scanlan will be in the back and then probably Grog next to him and Pike right there. There's a reason for that. All right, so, as you step down, the wood creaking with every here-and-there step. It stops, switches back, and then heads down further. You can see that this area of the room is mostly completed in construction, but a portion of this has been rebuilt. If you recall, last time you guys exited, part of this exit was destroyed. It has been reconstructed and there at the bottom of the stairway is a thick wooden door, wrapped in iron bars or strips of iron to keep it nice and taut and strong, and you can immediately see five locks down the side of the door. Being at the bottom of a stairway, I want you to make an acrobatics check. 12? Scanlan (boof) on the ground right next to you, thankfully just missing the bottom stair, which would have hurt even worse in the back, but through the slight toss you take six points of damage. The fall. A real crick in your back in your back in your shoulder from the impact. You get up. Five locks, yes. Okay. Okay. Looking about the locks, none of them look to be trapped. You do notice that there is a bit of scratching on the wood next to each lock. Each one is a different language. What languages do you speak? It's like you grew up together. Okay. Looking at it, Abyssal-- you do recognize two of them, and it's the top one and the bottom one. And both of them, the equivalent in Common would be a phrase like enter, or pass. No Undercommon, no. Underdark would be Undercommon. Nothing in Elven. There is a Dwarvish one. If you could read. (laughter) All right. So. There is the one in the middle, is in Dwarven. The two of you recognize it. You walk up and say that's Dwarven, but that's as far as you actually understand. You know it's Dwarven. Go ahead and make an intelligence check, just go for it. Roll a d20 and add your modifier. Yeah. You-- It's Dwarvish. You know Dwarvish? Okay. Coming up behind Grog and you whisper to him and let him have the moment. You recognize the rune and it's the Common equivalent of entry, enter. No, none of them are in Elvish. There's no Elvish whatsoever. Does anyone know Goblin? And does anyone know Primordial? The fourth one on the bottom. You have the top one and the bottom one, which you read. The middle one in Dwarvish, which you guys read. The fourth one is a Primordial phrase that says the equivalent, and it is a language of guttural, elemental sounds. It is a no, a stop, a general halt type. The second one down. The second one down you do know, that's the one that says no. You know four of them, yes. Outside of not knowing the language or any magical means that would allow you to. Correct. No, you have not checked for traps on this one. You would. All right. So Keyleth reaches out and you feel your form become even more-- So you have advantage now on dexterity checks for as long as she remains concentration on the spell. Primordial on the second to last. Correct. You're rolling right now to check for traps. All right, go for it. The top one is locked, but it is not trapped. Okay, go for it. With advantage. 23. Not a very complicated lock, the top one (click). Comes off without a problem. Perfectly silently, you just pull the latch back. (creaks) You don't have advantage on checking for traps. No, for making the checks you do. This is for dexterity, checking for traps is a perception roll. Okay. Bottom one, not trapped. Go for it. That one is also not trapped. That one is trapped. The second one? The one that-- You've seen scribbles like this before. It appears to be some sort of goblinoid language but none of you actually understand what it says. Does appear to be trapped. Go for it. You unlocked the top one. And the latch came open without a problem. 23? (clicking) The middle one opens. (creaking) Go for it. 29. The bottom one you-- It's a different type of latch that's actually a rod that pushes into the door. You manage to find a break in the wood where it's split and you put an instrument and you pull the latch open. So those three are now currently unlocked. Vax. What is your choice? What do you wish to do in this moment? You have three untrapped locks open, two locks that seem to be trapped. One of which said no. You push the door open. As you push on the door, the two locks on there give no resistance. Seems they were both false locks and as the door opens you get the feeling that perhaps the traps were based on the attempt to pick them, or disarm. You're now looking into a familiar very dark hallway with very low light by a few torch sconces that just flicker. The material used to keep them burning, pretty low and the embers are starting to drift into a small pile of soot on the stone floor beneath them. You can smell the remaining smoke and scent of burning wood. To the right of you is a hallway that continues down to where Spireling Modeth once lived before you cut his head off. The doors are closed to that room and it curves off to the left down a long hallway. To the left of where you currently are, the hallway continues into darkness and turns around the corner into shadow. You smell the residue of burnt wood and tinder. Nothing beyond that. Make a survival check. No. Sorry, her ranger tracking training is far beyond anything you as a barbarian have attempted. Though you are good at tracking naturally as a barbarian, you could attempt to make a roll on your own. But it wouldn't be helping her with it. Okay. Looking about the stone floor, you do see scuff marks and where dust has been pushed aside by boots. Many footfalls have come through this area, but there's no way to really ascertain any recent traffic or direction. Yeah, so the right or the left. Percival already tried that. A moment passes and you see stepping out of both sides of the hallway a number of hooded figures. Five. Ten. 15 individuals then begin to close in, all hoods up, cloaks around them, you can see through the dim light the crest of chins. Those of you that have darkvision, you can see some features, they all are humanoid, around human height, a few that are smaller, whether they be younger or halfling or gnomish in origin, you can't really make out their details in this circumstance, but they all close in as you guys all stand there in the center of the hallway. As this happens, you can see there's a part in the crowd, and one much larger than the rest of the members of the Clasp steps forward, pushing others out of the way. You see a very thick square jaw piercing out from underneath the shadowed hood, and the hand pulls it back and as you can now see the crooked pointed ears, snarling nose and underbite of a mostly orcish half-orc, one you've encountered once before-- No, no. Modeth was human, you killed Modeth. The orc steps forward and looks about the group and goes, (grunts) "Seems like you stumbled into an early grave." He reaches out and grabs your arm and spins you around to look at the tattoo on your back violently. Like a ragdoll. You're being treated like a child. (grunts) Releases you for a second, as you fall off-balance for a second but catch yourself. He has his other hand at his belt side, and you can see what looks to be the the pommel of the dagger at the ready and he goes-- "Silence! Who else knows you're here?" "Wait a second. I do know you. Customs department, wasn't it?" "As we found out. So you break back into our facility--" "He brings in outsiders after being warned not to return with them. Yet you say you are here "for a-- who was it?" "He won't be held for long. You can tell the Emperor he's not a worry of ours soon." "Uriel's useless." (laughs) "We have our hand in their coffers whether we get a reward or not." He shushes you. Make a deception check. You know what, you would be, so go ahead and that would give you advantage on this, so-- This is deception. "Let me see your box." "Hush!" He waves his hand and shushes you. "Daxio, huh? (huffs) He just paid us a rather large sum of money to produce documentation and "acquire transit to Ank'harel. We've kept him here while we've prepared his documentation and we're "to send him on his way through our tunnels to the docks. So you're asking us to betray a client of "the Clasp?" He reaches his hand out for the box. Takes the box and hands it to one of his compatriots, who takes it and inspects it and pulls out a small glass, puts it over his eye-- Make a sleight-of-hand check. 21. You mutter beneath your breath and swivel your hand for a second as he hands-- the other individual inspecting it with the glass monocle looking piece. (whoosh) Wind drifts around it and you can see the wood itself almost shimmer as if the grain of the wood is moving in a pattern. "Very well. We have him in holding, awaiting his documents. I'll show you. I'll leave the door "open, we'll clear the halls. Do what you must. We will not be involved. You have an hour." "What is your password?" (chuckles) He puts his hand like this and other individuals of the Clasp back out and leave into the hallway behind you and he leads you to follow him and-- Make a deception check. He takes a few steps and turns and looks at you. (box lid creaks) Opens the box. Inspects the piece of blue crystal-- I would not recommend it. He looks over at the gentleman who inspected it earlier and nods his head. "Accepted." And they continue walking forward. It is the piece you put in the actual-- Yes. I know what that is. Well, it was sufficient upon inspection for this. It had a few uses. So as you guys move into the hallway, a bunch of the Clasp members leave, you're led down a couple of doors on the left and right. You guys recognise these, these are the holding cells that you guys were held shortly after your battle. So the cell on the left is closed, the cell on the right is closed. He walks up to that cell, and without even a bit of noise pulls out a keyring, unlocks it and puts the keys away. (grunts) Turns around and the rest of the Clasp scatter out of the hallway. He puts the box away in his cloak and he says, "One hour. Do as you must." He's at the door. He unlocked one for you guys. There are three cells in this hallway. The middle cell is the one that he led you to and unlocked for you. And he steps away, looks at the rest of you guys-- -- and then vanishes down the hallway. So it's now just you guys in this hallway. No, because he already opened the box. I just, because I foresee something possibly happening here. So. All right. So, you guys are all gathered in this hallway. Who is standing where? You guys entered this direction and they scattered this way. Right here? Okay, they left this way. Okay, so you wall this off? There is now a wall of stone in the middle of that hallway. All right, so, who is standing where? Is there any particular placement you guys wish to-- All right, so you guys are here. All right. As far so you know, a cell. Anyone else want to change this arrangement? They essentially unlocked the cell, they're walking away, they're turning their heads and letting you do what you want. Everyone's good with this arrangement? There's just this door and this door and they're both currently-- Okay. Let us go ahead for the sake of this, roll initiative depending on what happens going forward just so we have that. All right so. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? And what did Ashley get? Okay. I would expect nothing less. All right, so. You rage. Who's doing what now? A moment passes. Do you want to try and stealth in the room? Nothing happens, yeah. Okay, make another stealth check. So, as you push in the doorway, quietly, you see, for a moment inside, you can see there's a little bit of light from overheard in the room that lights it up. You see in the distance what looks to be a latrine in the far corner, and as soon as you peek in the doorway, you glance out the side of your eyeline, and you immediately see a figure, and a flash of metal. All right. No, it is a direct attack, as a giant metallic glaive comes down to you. That is going to be a 19 to hit. All right. That is 18 points of piercing. I'm sorry, slashing damage. Okay. At this point now you reveal the interior, and right here at the door, you see there, standing, Daxio right before you. Armored up, sweat on the brow, holding what looks to be a large glaive, a halberd-type weapon with a giant bladed tip, which (whack) strikes you and gets back in defensive position. "You! I knew it." Daxio's a mature elf. You've moved in, you could ready your action if you'd like. You could if you'd like. You can't move through other creatures. In this place and area-- No, he has you blocked off at the doorway, and has like squared off with you right now, with the glaive. Grog is considered five feet away from you, yes. Not five feet away from him. In order to sneak attack a creature, you have to have an ally adjacent to the enemy, not to you. The idea is, they're being harried by two different points and can't form a good defense Okay. 24 does hit. All right. Cool. All right, you did that, okay. Okay, never mind. Gotcha. All right, cool. So that will be, in theory, the first opening to the battle. Now we start the initiative order. All right. So now we're starting off. Vex, you're up first. Make an intimidation check. 13. Okay. You shout it out, and it echoes through the hallway. Who knows if it's landed or had an effect, you can't see him from your current perspective. All righty. So you stay there. Next up is Vax and Percy. You've already disengaged. Okay. So you back up-- You notice at this point, as you step five feet back that that weapon he's carrying is pretty long and has a pretty decent reach. You may have to disengage to get out of there without taking another strike. You would be over here, probably, yeah. Correct. Are you using your disengage action or not? Okay. So you use your bonus action to disengage. Because you're not used to fighting these long polearm weapons, as you begin to take another step back, you realize he can actually hit you from further away than you expect. Sure. Go ahead and roll stealth. All right, and now you're going to go ahead and-- Okay. You vanish. Hold until what? What do you want to be the trigger? Okay. All right, next up is Percy. No, it is a solid door. It is currently open, but-- Oh, no, that is closed. That is a solid door. Okay. Good to know. All right, that brings us to Grog. Are you using your action to intimidate? Okay. Go ahead and roll an intimidate check. He's not in a frenzied rage, though. 17. Okay. You can see now, with the blade forward, sweat dripping down his face, this look of a cornered animal, and as the sword comes out with a ringing sound in the air, the shadows coalesce around the black obsidian blade. He gives you a look and he's questioning his current circumstance, but seems to be holding firm. You have your bonus action and your move. If you're in frenzied rage it would be another attack, but-- Okay, you stay there? All righty. Now being his turn, Daxio is just going to curve around the side, looking at you with the glaive in position, responding to your intimidating act. Takes the blade and swirls it around and goes for your legs. So, that's going to be a 21 to hit. All righty. This is going to be, as the glaive sweeps under your legs, trying to gash across, that's eight points of slashing damage. Plus an additional five points from his superiority die. He's attempting to trip you. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw. Ability checks, not your saving throws. Is that what it says? Then yeah, you would have advantage on this. 26. You stand firm in your position. The blade strikes and gashes open a part of your shin, but you just hold your place there, leaning against the wall for support. Doesn't affect you. Mm-hm. Next is going to-- You know what, he's going to go ahead and attempt to strike you two more times. That is going to be a 16 to hit? And this one is going to take a minus five on that one. That was a-- Oh, okay. All right, that's 24. All right. This is going to be a Great Weapon Master strike. So this is 20 points of slashing damage, halved to ten. And is going to hold firm in his current position, daring anyone to come near, yeah. Holding this pincher point. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. What's the DC on that? Okay. Well, that is 17. However, he is going to use Indomitable to reroll a saving throw. That is going to be a 20. So as you finish the spell, you can see his head beginning to be affected and he shrugs it off through sheer force of will. Anything else you want to do on your turn? Okay. That ends Keyleth's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Scanlan, what are you doing? No, not right now. You just see this blade going (whoosh whoosh) out the doorway. Correct, yes. There you can see him, yeah. Your hand cone. That is a natural one. (cheering) Two, but this is his last one. That brings him to a 19. Just beats your DC. Yeah. Wait, no. That is a 17. Sorry, I misdid the math. So it does go through him. So as you finish the Hold Person, he (groans) locks up into place, tense, his eyes darting around with an angry fury. Anything else you want to do? Yeah. Make an intimidation check. 21. He seems visibly shaken by the presence of the two of you and the fact that he can't move right now. That's the best I can give you at the moment. All right. That ends your turn, I believe. Pike. If you want to. One, two, three, four, five. So you step up into the hallway. And you walk up to him and he's looking at you, sweat dripping down his face, hair matted across the side of his chin. What are you doing? Roll an intimidation check. With a four? The eyes-- Though frozen, he still manages to roll his eyes, as the armored gnome walks up and requests his weapon, and is no longer paying attention. Go ahead and make a strength check. Just roll and add your strength modifier. 18. You go and grab and all the muscles tensed up, it's like a vice grip, and as you pull and pull and pull, to no avail. You're unable to wrestle it from his grasp. That ends your turn. Back up. Vex. Yeah. This is a bad circumstance for a party. Okay. What action do you want to hold? What are you going to do? I want to know what you're readying, essentially. Okay. Good to know. Same, Percy? All right. Then Vax, same? Grog, what are you doing? Technically, being held doesn't threaten the square and you can probably walk around Pike, so you can get into the room. I'd say right now, because he can't really defend it or keep you at bay with his weapon. Okay! All right, so we're doing a full-- All right. Go ahead and make an athletics check. 19? That's fine. He can't even defend at this point. So you push him back five feet and you manage to push your way into this and shove him further into the room. Yeah, you know what (impact sound), on the ground and you are right over, lording the space. Okay. That all you're going to do on your turn? He just falls over, because he can't move his muscles. You can attempt to if you get to him on your turn. Grog, you finish your turn? Comes to Daxio's turn. Daxio's attempting to resist. That's a natural 20. Right. So as Daxio is on the ground, muscles lax for a second and looks up at you and can't do anything, because that was his turn, but is no longer seemingly affected by the ability. And just looks up at you with eyes flicking around with thoughts and trying to formulate a plan here. Vax, what did you want to do? Make an acrobatics check. 30? Landing on the opposite side of the room. On the other side of Daxio. You jump off of Grog's back, land, and go for your attack. You have advantage on these attacks, because he's currently prone on the ground. Correct. Well, no, no. It's doubled because it's a critical hit. That's all. 23? Both hit. The movement wouldn't affect your attack at all. Your movement is just your movement action. You would in theory, yes. 17 does hit, yes. 19 times two. 46 points of damage. All right, got it. So as you slam the daggers into each side of his head, you can see, cracking the side of the temple, blood beginning to pour out the side of where the impact hit. He's staggered momentarily from the impact, but after the third strike hit, manages to bring the glaive up to try and defend himself at this point. That would be it. That ends your turn, that brings us-- You could try and get away if you like. With Haste you would have more movement, yeah. He tries to, but it's with disadvantage. Yeah, rolled a two. That (whoomph) hits the tile. All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Yeah. Grasping Vine? To where? It can probably be the ground if you want to, yeah. Sure. Let's give it a shot. So fourth level Grasping Vine. All right. Dexterity saving throw, which he has a disadvantage on. That is a failure. All right. So is now (groans) and-- So, technically, the spell doesn't grapple, it just pulls things towards it. It just moves things around the battlefield. So the vine pulls him closer to the ground. Entangle would affect the entire floor of that room. Yeah, Grasping Vine-- The vine's around him, you don't know how much of an effect it'll have when it comes to his turn, but you'll find out. It was also your bonus action. You can still use your action to cast another second level if you wanted to. Sure. Out of the Grasping Vine, a little vine goes around the legs. It's more of a grapevine. A really pretty to grow plant life on. A red one. Okay, Scanlan, you're up. Okay. Roll an intimidation check. Okay. You get the sense now that these rounds of perpetual pressuring Daxio and now recovering his position in this fight and you guys have stepped into this room with him, he's become less of a sensible individual and more of a desperate man lashing out as a last stand. And your intimidation shouts are falling upon deaf ears. Does that end your turn? I'd say because you're already there and shouting at him, it can be a bonus action. So if you want to take your action still. Okay. Sure. Ooh, level three blind. At level three just means you can target an additional creature. Okay, so spend it. No worries. All right, so that's a constitution saving throw. That is a 19. Yeah, so he saves, unfortunately. If you want to. All right. Pike, you're up. He's not tied up. The vine grabbed around, but doesn't appear to be really changing his physicality. It's a weapon. Spiritual Weapon. Weapon's in the name. What kind of weapon would you want to summon? All right, a little lasso there. Well, we'll have to see. So go ahead and roll and add your spell attack. It has advantage, because he's prone still. He's also now grappled. Sure. It's right there. The spiritual energy wraps around the body. He's held there, with the vine both holding him there. The stinger (swish) up over the throat. That the end of your turn? The weapon's still clutched to him and wrapped-- You get the sense he can't drop it, because he's currently-- everything's wrapped up to him. Between the lasso and the vine. And intimidation doesn't seem to affect him anymore. It's concentration so can be a number of rounds as long as she uses her bonus action to maintain it. Yes, I would recommend it. Vex? So you're gonna get over-- You still can't see him at that distance, unfortunately. You've stayed at the far back. Um, so. All right. Vax, Percy? Correct. All right, so go for it. All three attacks hit. Well, you can't choose which one is the sneak attack. Yeah, no worries. All right. (fighting sounds) You slam down on the face. You can see nose actually breaks under the blunt of the weapon and blood begins to pour out of his nostrils. And he's fighting now and coughing up-- And Percy, you're holding? All righty, Grog. You can, by just controlling it with your mind. So I will say, go ahead and make an athletics check, just to-- This'd be athletics. Athletics is better for you, technically. Yeah. You lift him over your shoulder, past Pike. Take him out into the hallway. You gonna keep him on your shoulder? Or slam him down? Wham, whack, into the wall. Go ahead and roll 1d6 plus your strength modifier. For the sheer force of this, this near currently helpless individual slammed against the stone wall. All right. As you're holding? Sure. So Vex yells out to you and throws you the source of the infinite rope, you grab and begin to, if you want to, start tying up. All right. Rage tying. (laughter) Yeah, the manacles are there. You turn was to lift him up and slam him into the wall, and you're beginning to wrap him up. His turn immediately afterward is he breaks out of the lasso. The spirit weapon lasso, and at that point, still manages to (grunts) get back with half the movement onto his feet. You can, after this. He still has the manacles on, which holding the polearm now wouldn't do too much of a disadvantage to him. So I say this round it doesn't do anything. The grip's pretty tight. All right, so disadvantage on attacks with this. But they're all against Keyleth. (laughter) All right. So Daxio gets up. Seeing Grog had taken the majority of the attacks and looking over at the druid that made the vine curl and drag him to the ground. Turns over and-- Makes three strikes against you. The first one is going to be-- all right, so that is a 15? All right. Second one-- natural one on the second roll. Metal's clinking against the wall. Third one-- is going to be a 17? 17 does hit, all right. It's going to try and trip-attack you, so you take as this third strike-- 12 points of slashing damage. And make a strength saving throw. 15. With that, slams it around and hits you right about the kneecap. The blade hits the armor and it guards most of it, but the sheer force of the impact knocks you off your feet and you land face-down on the ground, in front. With that, Daxio uses the momentum of the strike to and use the action surge ability. He's gonna do three more strikes against your now-prone self. With disadvantage, and you're prone so each attack has no disadvantage against you. That's a natural 20. First one-- and these are all Great Weapon Master. This one's gonna be a 23. And this is gonna be a 18. And this one is a 21. So all three hit? It's pretty harsh. But also, given the circumstance that you were, from his perspective, the one that was trying to hold him in place too. And Grog hasn't taken much visual impact from the blows. You're the one that's currently protecting him from rushing off in that direction. Say what you want. But anyway. That is-- (laughter) The next one is 24 points of slashing damage. And this last one is 21 points of slashing damage. That ends Daxio's turn. You're up, Keyleth. Oh yeah, Percy, you're making your action, that's right. That hits. Make a strength saving throw? No, I made a change to that, because-- That's gonna be a 21. Against the DC for all your other abilities. So I'm pretty sure that he resists it. Against your DC, yeah. So you take your first shot. It does damage-- It does no damage, this is the-- I think for this one, if I look at the change I made for the update on the gunslinger. Let me go ahead and check real fast. Stay with me folks. It's the arms you said, right? Actually, no, I did not change this one. He doesn't get a saving throw. He drops it, no damage. (clapping) Okay. 27 hits. 17 to hit, yeah, just hits. All right. How do you want to do this? (gasps) Okay. So with those shots (gunshot) a splash of blood with bits of splintered bone come shooting out of the half-plate armor he's been wearing as the metal itself blows open from the impact of the first blast. With the glaive still clinking to the ground behind him and him reacting, the first impact sends him back and he leans against the wall, looks up to see the source of the impact. Looks into your eyes for a second and before he has a moment of reaction the second blast comes out (gunshot) shattering the other part of the clavicle. You can now see the armor sundered on each shoulder and blood beginning to pour over the sides of where the armor's been torn. He slumps to the ground (groaning). (panting) "Do what you must. But I am his blood. His dominion will call back, call me back "when everything else has fallen into nothing." (low chuckle) Okay. He's-- in the process of you tying him up and jostling him over, he falls pretty much nearly unconscious. He's fading in and out of consciousness right now. Every now and then you feel a little chuckle come out of him on your shoulder. (dark chuckle) and then passes out again. Okay. All right. Keyleth, you heal 30 points. What do you do now? With Daxio over your shoulder, you guys quickly head back into the hallway, emptied, the doorway still lies open as you guys left it. And-- All right, okay. You close the door behind you. All right. Make an investigation roll. You guys take a few more moments, thankfully there's no real pressure. you have plenty of time going forward. You guys go through the room. Underneath his bed, up inside the actual wooden frame of the bed itself, in part of the cushion, you feel there is a large sack of something. You pull it out and-- It contains, I'll say for the sake of-- you're probably counting it as you go up the stairs, because you're Vex. 3,002 gold pieces. All right. You guys head back up the stairway, leading back into the storage room, outside of the kitchen. How are you going to proceed from the kitchen? If you glance around and you look, you can listen. You do hear the sound of pots and various sounds-- You guys head up to the kitchen, as you guys come stomping up in succession, carrying the bleeding and unconscious Daxio on the back, the younger gentleman who's working in the kitchen who's in the middle of cooking something in a large cast iron pan, goes "You can't be in here!" And then you guys head back into the alleyway. Trinket eagerly (bear grunts). Licks your face. (slurping sounds) Comes up to you and nudges you to-- Digging in his pockets, you find a strange holy symbol that appears to be a skull that is missing the left side of its face. Yeah, go for it. 15. Based on the conversations you've had with the party and the seeming subtle rise of worshipers of Vecna, intertwined with the Whitestone scenario, this is a symbol of Vecna. It's not a holy symbol per se, more than it's just some sort of a token or some sort of a-- it has a purpose that isn't magical. So, while you're doing that, Scanlan, you head back into the tavern, and in the time that's passed, you can see now your band with Dr. Dranzel, they're all gathered together and they're finishing up their drinks, and it looks like they're ready to go ahead and find their way out on the town for the evening, and as soon as you walk into the room they all look over, "Scanlan! (laughs) "Good to see you, friend." "Another week, yes." "All right. Greyskull Keep, you say?" (laughs) "You're an ass." (laughter) Kaylie, who is already behind you, as you turn she goes, "Greyskull Keep, is it?" "All right." You step out of the tavern and meet with the rest of your allies, and as the sun sets on the distant western sky over Emon, Vox Machina makes its way back to its keep, with its current quarry. And we'll end it for tonight, unless you-- Okay. The flowers are still standing. Are you going to your keep, or are you going to Uriel? Then you make a quick turn and start heading back towards the Cloudtop District. And that's where we'll end it for the evening! No, never had an opportunity to discuss it. I guess you'll have to Skype in next week. If you can, that'd be awesome. Well, cool. Back in the swing of things, our first game of the year, got some story beats completed, and some other mysteries put in there, just a fun little step into Scanlan's old world, that was pretty cool. Oh, and we're dropping shit.