I got your coffee. Hello everyone! And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. (cheering) But she's returned, I believe. Like, returned-returned? For a while? So that's good. I know. It's true. Pike could possibly-- That'd be really bad if suddenly Pike, like, 'welcome back,' and then Pike just explodes in the game. It'd be pretty bad. Anyway. Before we get into that, let's get to our announcements for the episode. First and foremost, guys, we have until April 18th, we have less than a week left before the Critical Role survey is closed. So if you hadn't had a chance yet to help us out, let us know where you're from, what you like about the show, what kind of things you'd like to see in the future about the show. You can go check it out-- Don't send those. That too. Yep (laughs). At geekandsundry.com/crsurvey. So we've got a few more days. If you haven't yet, take a moment, fill it out, and we appreciate it. Thank you guys. Let's see. Taliesin, Wednesday Club. What you got coming up? You should bring a copy of Understanding Comics. Perfect. Which, by the way, you should get Scott McCloud on there. If you have a connection, let me know. Not on Wednesday, but at some point in the future, I should-- Anyway, we'll talk later. All right. So also Satine Phoenix's first run on GM Tips went up today on YouTube. If you have a chance, check it out. Happily have passed the torch onto her. She's a dear friend for many years, an awesome girl with a lot of awesome nerd cred. And she's bringing her own flavor spin and her majestic presence to the new run of DM Tips. So go ahead, check it out. She has a lot of awesome things to say. And thank you again, Satine, for doing that and being awesome. Marisha, Signal Boost! What's new? There you go. Thank you, Sam, for a cameo in the episode you don't remember. (laughs) On that note, I'm flying out tomorrow to be in Seattle, for Sakura-Con. I'll be there this weekend. They've got awesome panels. Check out the-- Thank you. Travis is so excited. You should come. It is awesome. So excited to be there at live panels, signings and a bunch of fun stuff. Check out their scheduling to make sure you can come and say hi to me. I'd like that a lot. So I'll see you guys up there tomorrow. Tomorrow. And of course we have Talks Machina coming up every Tuesday at 7PM Pacific here on Twitch and Alpha. We talk about whatever this episode is. And I think that's all we have announcement-wise, right, guys? Yeah, nice and-- MomoCon. That's right. In Atlanta. At the end of May, May 25th through 28th. So me, Marisha and Taliesin will be there for that, too, in Atlanta. There was. That's pretty badass. Well done. I always took her for a decker. (laughter) And welcome back. So, as we last left off, Vox Machina had found themselves finishing up dangling loose threads after they had completed the destruction of the Chroma Conclave and essentially brought what seems to be, for the time being, peace to Tal'Dorei. You helped Keyleth complete her Aramente, where she was crowned the Voice of the Tempest. And you all had one wandering thread of Hotis, the rakshasa, which you have now killed twice and kept returning to the Nine Hells to recoup and threaten to come and slay and you and everything you love in the near future. So to cut that off at the head, you guys traveled to the second layer of Hell, the Iron City of Dis, to hunt down this rakshasa. After signing a contract with a devil, getting the proper information in this regard of where it was within the Bastion of Flesh in the subterranean prison known as Mentiri, you slaughtered a pit fiend named Utugash, and in response to that, as part of the contract, you were given passage into this prison with your equipment. You began a madcap rush through the prison, given the directions that you were presented as part of this deal you had made. You turned into a flock of bats, rushed in with a new friend, a dwarvish Blood Hunter, a werebear, particularly the Order of the Lycan-- -- named Tova, who you had discovered in Utugash's lair. You all, as bats, flew through, averted a number of blockades, managed to just get the attention of a few devils that couldn't catch up to you in time, and basically the entire prison began to converge on you as you reached the central area where this rakshasa was. Couple of scuffles in transition to that area. You were attacked by a large construct made of black chains from this lower area of the hell. Averting its actual battle presence, you systematically went through the doorways to discover the one that housed Hotis. Of which, he was quickly destroyed while still in his larval, reforming form by Grog. You all battled through the swath of chains that were binding and pulling you back as you all reached out to join hands in time for Keyleth to pull out her tuned fork to the Prime Material Plane and cast Plane Shift, and you all vanished into a familiar flash of whitish-green light. And that is where we left off. So, picking up where we left off. You all instantaneously feel the surge of magical energy burst through your body and all the chains that had tightened around, were threatening to crush your limbs and tear your body into a mass of crushed flesh and blood, release at once. And you have that familiar sense of floating and darkness once more. And you see that single bead of light ahead that grows larger and larger and larger, and that light becomes omnipresent, almost, in size, a familiar grid of divine fire and light. The Divine Gate, ancient and placed by the gods to seal both them, the betrayer gods, and any entities post-Divergence away. You transition once more through this lattice, impacting, the searing warmth just barely cresting the exterior of your form, leaving no damage to your soul, spirit, or physical body, but just enough to shake you as you pass through one of these small, porous holes in the gate itself. Glancing over your shoulder, you can see small little sparks that represent your friends who are traveling as well through this planar tunnel. As the lattice of the Divine Gate shifts and darkens behind you, you see a secondary small blue doorway come rocketing towards you all and suddenly your feet hit the ground. And as your eyes focus and look around, you are in the late afternoon, standing on the dirt ground, familiar scent, of a crisp, end-of-day Whitestone afternoon/evening. You guys are not at the Sun Tree. You are by the southern portion of it, not far from the farmhand who commissioned your portrait, Jameson. But the city is there before you. The streets aren't cluttered with people. Well, Scanlan. Sorry. We're still getting over it. So, as you all arrive, touch down, the familiar scent. The smiles come over you, knowing that you've managed to successfully return to a comfortable homestead. The sky is broken with clouds. But you can still see some of the dark blue behind it starting to turn purples and oranges, as the sun, though out of sight, is hitting dusk. A few people look over and glance and you hear whispers as people begin to recognize your arrival with a flashy spark of light and that slight Terminator-like slow rise from a crouch position as you all pull out of the other side of the portal. Yes. No, you're fine. You're all still clothed. Okay. Trinket pops out. And immediately goes from 'fierce bear' to 'I'm hurting, help me, mommy.' Guard laid down, the bear is just rubbing against you-- Okay. The armor clinks and scrapes against you as the bits of fur which are matted with its own blood slowly heal as you touch the soft-- caress your fingers across the bear fur. Three ones? You finish healing Trinket, somewhat. Did you not have a third-level spell left? So it's at third level-- It works. Yeah, you're fine. So you finish healing. The wounds close somewhat and Trinket goes, (questioning growl). Licks the side of your cheek and is like-- (bear sounds) There is one 13-year-old kid off to the side that's watching this whole thing go down and just goes, "Is that your bear?" "No." The kid's trying to back up he's like, "Uh, uh." "Uh." You can see this scrawny boy is frozen in place and is partially trying to puff his chest but also is-- you can see him fighting the instinct to just run. (tentative humming) This little-- young boy starts humming, and it's off-key but Trinket walks up. You watch that moment the eyes just go open wide and white before (slurps) up the side of the boy's face. And then Trinket turns around and shoulder checks him and knocks him onto his ass and walks back to you. Sure. Just roll, just roll. Persuasion if you're honest, deception if you're not. Don't tell me which one it is. Five and five? It meets the DC, so tell him. So Vax, here's how it works. In character, Vax, you get the sense that-- Vax, because you're the one who read this. As all this is happening, you get the sense that maybe he's not currently worth as much as he leads on. In this moment, a little bullshitty, I think. You guys are in the street, so you're slowly walking through the streets of Whitestone. If you're looking for a pub in particular, the one you usually go to is the Tipsy Quorum, if that's where you're going to get a drink. On the way, because this is on the more northern side, northeastern side of Whitestone, you do see there is a crowd of people. What looks to be a caravan is being packed up. There are a number of carts and horses and things are being loaded up for what looks to be some sort of a fairly large travel pack of people. You do hear the laughter of children coming from the right of you, and then pushing through the crowd, you see Odessa, Illya, and Gren Tal'Dorei, the children, go running past as they're being chased by two aasimar boys, blue skin, running past them, and they're giving a joking chase tickle. And all of a sudden one of the kids comes around with a stick, and he stops and puts his hands up, and they all look over and see you guys and immediately get sheepish with their hands to the side. You see Kyor nods, and Hunin nods, the kids go running off again, not really paying attention to you guys-- "Uh-huh!" They both continue off after the kids just as Salda Tal'Dorei walks up from between some of the Pale Guard that are currently helping load things onto these carts. And she sees you all, and comes forth, "Oh, my goodness! It's so great to see you all safe and sound!" The last few times you've seen her, she's looked a little frazzled but still with what remains of her formal attire which she had on her after the attack on Tal'Dorei. Right now, she's dressed very simply. You wouldn't be able to tell her from most of the regular casual farmfolk, and you would have no instinct of the noble lifestyle that she comes from, and it suits her well. She smiles and greets, and gives a respectful bow. "So we're heading back to Emon." "It's been a while, and now that things have calmed down, and from what we've heard that you've "all saved the city, I guess, we're going to bring the children back to their home. We're going to be "taking the Parchwood Way to the Silvercut Roadway, and we have guardians, we have people we've hired "or have agreed to come along and keep us safe. The children have taken a shine to the boys, as if you "haven't noticed. If it's all right, we're thinking of bringing them with us." "We have the Alabaster Lyceum-- once it's up and running again, of course-- and I know the "headmaster there. We can provide a good education for the boys, which, upon talking with them, I "think they're both in dire need of." "Really, it's fine. You guys have done enough anyway, and to be honest, I believe your "sister needs your help here more than we could on the journey there." "Yeah. We've done as best as we could to shield them from the brunt of the past few months, "but things are cheerier here, definitely, and I think they've "taken that upon themselves as well." "I can assure you that my memory of the place, at least the moments before we left, "couldn't be any more dire than we could return to. Any semblance of calm at our home is welcome. "But--" and she glances over-- "I think Odessa has a crush on Hunin. I don't want to break her heart "by keeping them too far away, so that's--" "Anyway, I think we're preparing to set out first thing in the morning, and I just want to say "thank you for everything." "You've done plenty. I do hope to see you if you decide to still be a part of the Council, "satellite or not." "Well, I mean, the children shouldn't be too far, then! Anyway, I should go catch up to them. "It's good to see you all." She glances over at you with a curious look. "Good day." "I'm sorry to hear that. That's terrible. I understand the difficulty of loss, "believe you me." "It does. With people like this around you, people like them around me, it does." "You as well, kind stranger." She continues walking on and catches up with the kids. Oh yeah, there's a number of Pale Guard that have been assigned to this caravan that are helping put things onto the various carts. "Oh, yes, of course, sir. It will be done." "I will do this. I will do this immediately." "Right." He finishes putting one of the last bags up and then starts making his way up towards Castle Whitestone. You guys continue your foot journey over to the tavern. As you guys start making your way towards the tavern, you hear a series of heavy metallic footfalls behind you with accelerated pace, quickening, quickening. And you glance over your shoulder and rushing from the caravan, apparently in the process of helping it being set up and part of the party that brought or is spearheading the organization of this caravan, you see a small gnomish cleric in plate armor. (cheering) Come on in! This is in character, by the way. So Pike, having come along, as you've been helping out with the reconstruction effort in Emon and was notified that some of the remaining royals of the family of the Sovereign were going to make their way towards Emon, the least you could do was be a part of that. So you ushered a number of the travel carts that were intended for this part of the caravan, since Whitestone had to maintain most of their hardware within the city to remain functional, and you just arrived in the city a few days ago, and as you've been helping these people prepare and organize the whole endeavor, you just watch Vox Machina, your family, walk by and start making their way towards one of the taverns just as the sun's setting. And you rush up to catch up with them. "Of course." "Yes. All right, we'll continue. You've done your work for the day." You get the sense from the guard that he probably wasn't introduced to you before, doesn't know who you are, and figured a gnome probably wouldn't be very helpful putting things into a cart very high up, so what slight hint of racism you might have caught in the undertone of his statement, you're like, whatever, it's fine. The best montage ever. As you guys make your way into the Tipsy Quorum, the warm interior is comfortable to you guys. You recall most of it, as most of the time you've spent in there has been in various states of intoxication. There's a beautiful hearth on the north end of the complex. I say "complex" because it's a series of rooms. There's the main tavern area in which the drinking happens. There's a small eating area that's separate from that, so they keep the localized tavern central area on its own. There's a kitchen, an open kitchen, so all the smoke and the food smell comes just barreling through. It's pretty sparse, mainly because a lot of the people are in the process of helping with the tavern, or they just haven't quite hit that point in the evening. Dusk is when people start finishing their work for the day, and they usually come in in the next couple hours or so. But you do see a couple of the Pale Guard are currently just taking a break. There's a handful of farmhands that are just in there, finishing a small breakfast and having some drinks. There's the bartender and a few bar handlers, a barmaid just waiting for customers to come in. And as you enter, immediately she goes from leaning on the back wall. "Oh, hah, sorry!" And she comes up and shows you guys to-- "Any table you like!" She looks late 40s, probably had a few kids. She's not unattractive, she's not going to be blowing anyone's mind, per se-- she's a working woman, she's confident, it seems, and she knows her job. She's a lady. "We got both!" "Turkey legs?" "We got the best turkey legs in Whitestone." "Coming right up." And she boops you on the nose, turns around, and walks right back towards the kitchen area. There's the episode title, right there. (laughter) In the meantime, you guys come up to the bartender. A few drinks are brought by. The woman comes up again and lays out tankards and glass, whatever's available. It's not a very fine establishment, it's whatever's functional. So some of them are more clay-based mugs, some are metal-- What's up? Yeah, it works out great for you guys. It's a motley of various containers. All the drinks are scattered across the table. "All right, your turkey legs should be ready in the next-- Oh, "whenever they're ready, I guess." "Why, whatever for?" She can't stop the smile, a grin curls on her face, she goes, (laughs). "I'll see what I can do." She heads off. She turns around and heads back to the kitchen. About 15 minutes go by and you guys are having a conversation, you're catching Pike up with what you guys have been doing in the city of Dis and all the chaos, and in the middle of telling an incredible story about how you ran into Tova, right as you get to that point, all of a sudden plates (clanging) at the table and you can see these beautiful turkey legs, fresh out of the oven. They're still sizzling on the outside. She says, "Careful now, they're hot. Do you need "another drink? Anyone else?" "Good to know." "Hi, Taryon." There's definitely a long pause. "Wow." (laughter) "I have about 30 minutes or so before the rest of this place fills up with folks far less "interesting than you, so unfortunately, I've got to be ready for the rush. Your words are sweet and "flowery, but I think I may be a little old for you, sonny." Slides the drink back. As you guys are having this conversation she comes up again and begins filling drinks. She immediately sets the glass down and goes-- Make a persuasion check. Okay, so she laughs. She goes, (laughs) "Honey, I give you points for boldness." "Just points." She grabs the bottle, finishes pouring the drinks and just turns around and leaves. She is in the process of filling two plates she's bringing over. Her hair is kind of frazzled at this point. More people are coming in now as the hour is starting to hit where people are soon to fill the tavern floor for full. "That'd be great. Thank you, I appreciate it." She hands you a few. Gives you two plates, picks up two of her own. "This way." And she leads you over to one of the far end tables in the other room and she sets the plates down. "Here you go, "honey. Here you go, honey." Takes the plates from you. "There you go." "I am." "Mm-hm." If you could hear the pop in her head of trying to contemplate what you just asked, it was audible over the music of the tavern. Make a persuasion check with disadvantage. (laughter) How did you get a three from a two you rolled? Oh you put, oh, okay, there we go. (laughter) She goes, "How much money is it?" "No." And she walks away. Make a deception check. (laughter) Anyone who wants to make an insight check, go for it. All of you pull back and groan, except for Taryon, who looks broken and crushed, momentarily. At which point, she goes back to the table to bring you your third round. As she does, she goes and returns all the mugs to the table, finishing with yours. She slides it forward to you and gives you a wink. (laughs) "It's okay." She's taken aback for a moment. Looks at everyone else at the table with a "who are you people?" look. "My hobbies involve raising two children after Darren left about ten years back, and "working hard to make some money and hopefully one day get out of this shithole tavern and maybe "start a business doing some sort of, I don't know, textile work. Which, by the way, I brought your "thread and needle." And she throws down what looks like a half-done, shoddy knitting job. "They're lucky to have a mother in this day and age." She grabs one of your drinks. "Honey, are you having a hard time asking questions? I get the sense that you're new to this "whole thing." "It was not hard to read from you. Let me tell you, the first thing that helps a lot? Ask "what their name is." "Shauna. Shauna Rual. What's your name?" SAM AND "First thing you told me. Didn't even ask first." "There you go. Now it's nice to meet you." "Great. I'll come back with the next round." She leaves the table. As you simmer, Grog, you pull up your tankard and take a sip, and it is the most watered-down ale you've ever had in your life. You look back and Trinket is sitting by the doorway, which has been great, because every time a patron walks in, they go, "Hey. Huh?" And slowly has to step a wide circle around the bear that's just sitting right by the entrance. You guys have noticed at this point, by the way, that Shauna has set down food at a nearby table and is listening in to this conversation as you progress. As you guys are having this conversation, Taryon, you feel a hand hit your shoulder and turn you back a little bit. It's Shauna. She leans forward and says, "Listen, honey. If you're "looking to go ahead and find yourself an evening, wait here about 30 minutes. I'll introduce you to "someone." And she releases your shoulder and goes back to work. Vax and Vex, as you guys are having this conversation, you notice that Shauna's in the progress of conversing with a figure at the bar who sat down not too long ago. You can only see from the back, but you see a set of armor that is Pale Guard-specific. They have a brief conversation, and the figure turns around and begins to approach the table after glancing over the shoulder a few times towards where you guys are sitting. As you guys are talking, from behind Taryon, a large figure looms up from behind and smiles, as you guys recognize, with the brunette hair pulled back into a tight bun behind, the healing scar on the face, you see Tricia, one of the Pale Guard. As she walks up and leans and touches the edge of your shoulder, pats you, and goes, "Hey, "so I've had a long day. I've been told you've had a long day." "Can I buy you a drink?" "What'll you have?" "Gotcha. Scotch. All right." She backs away, walks back up to the bar. Two glasses slam down on the table in front-- Pours a really thick amber-like liquid into each of these. Slams the drink down. Pulls her bun out, her hair curled up and crimped from being put up falls around the shoulder. "Shauna, we're taking the bottle. They call me Trish. What's your name?" "Well, TD, let's go and have a walk in the moonlight." She takes you by the arm, lifts you out of your chair onto your feet. Lifted out of your chair, onto your feet. And goes, "Good to see you guys. "Still working out?" "I knew you couldn't. See you next Winter's Crest, right? All right. Have a good night. You're "coming with me." She smacks you on the ass as she pushes you out of the room. You guys watch as Trish, who's a good seven or eight inches taller than Taryon, is guiding him with one hand in the center of his back just pushing him out of the tavern. You see them both disappear into the now dark-- Sure. Taryon? What? They stepped out of the tavern. They went out into the street. The Scrying Eye does not require attunement, no. It gives the ability to use the Scry spell once per day. Just for the sake of this, I'm going to have you roll a d20 and add your intelligence modifier. Resolve is for a saving throw, right? Seven? You take a moment and glance into it. Instead of thinking of the magical orientation of the ritual, your brain immediately goes to the mechanical structure of what this would do. How would you recreate the scrying spell in a mechanical fashion where it wouldn't require magic. You're eventually at the point where, "I don't understand this." Yeah, the DC is definitely higher. Go ahead and roll again. Okay. You know what, guys? If I could have you all, except for Taliesin, go ahead and step off the stage. Yeah. A reverse whisper. The audience gets to see this. Yes, you do, actually. He does get to stay. All right, guys. Close the door. As you concentrate, Percival, your vision clarifies, and you see the moonlight over the tops of the trees of the Parchwood Forest around Whitestone. The clouds break, your vision transitions, and all of a sudden, you're thrust forward at a magnificent speed, beyond the forest, and now you're not too far, but south of the Parchwood. The trees disperse, and you're now looking at a cluster of buildings. Maybe a few hundred small structures, ranging from homesteads to hovels. You smash cut once more, and there you see a campfire. You see a campfire set up, maybe about 25 feet between two buildings in this open fire pit area. It's a central bonfire-type social gathering place. And there, you see a number of wooden logs set up like stools or seats, and in the moonlight and a few nearby torches, you see about six or so simple farm folk that are all sitting around this bonfire. Except it's not six. It's four farm folk, and you see sitting amongst them Kaylie and Scanlan. They're both together playing music for these people who are all sitting and staring into the fire at the end of their work day. It's a very simple, very serene scene, strangely. They're just sitting with simple folk in a simple town. You recognize it now this is the Turst Fields. You've been through here once before, when you were first leaving Whitestone and heading south to find your quarry, all that time ago. This is definitely a more rural area, and they don't seem to be in any danger, and they don't seem to be at any caper, but they're both at the center of doing what they both do best, which is entertain. They look reasonable. You've seen them perform before, and there is a performance face. They're both wide smiles. Everyone else seems to be enthralled by the music, or enthralled by the flames and the music combination. A couple of people saunter up and plop down on the ground, sitting next to them to join in, and they're drawing a small crowd at the end of the day. Okay. Bring them back in. Guys, get back here! What time is it? It is 830! We'll go ahead and take our break, actually. All right. We'll take our break real fast. We have our giveaway. We have the bubinga complete system and tabletop tray from Wyrmwood. This one has a bunch of stuff. We have a dice box, dice tray-- this is actually a pretty legit giveaway, so go ahead and make sure you come to the Twitch chat room and be active. They'll have a password up there. Do we have a code yet for the chat room? Pike. P-I-K-E. Pike is the code in the chat room. Go ahead and enter that in the Twitch chat, and we'll pick a winner as soon as we come back from our break. See you guys here in just a moment. [break] Why? Sure, go for it. So yeah, it seems like he definitely saw something. Last you heard-- you can ask around-- Gilmore is back in Emon currently trying to scavenge the pieces of his shop. Yeah, she's in the process of running around. Sure. She sets down a couple of drinks. "I feel like we did our good deed for the night." "I don't time it, if that's what your question is. I don't know!" "A few times, it depends on--" "I don't know." "She's a hard working girl, let her have her fun." At that point, she smiles very widely and you can see the mother poke through for a minute from the barmaid. She nods and says, "Look, it's all right. Trust me, I deal with far worse from "most of these riffraff." She points to most of the other tables. "It's fine." She gets back to work. You're four mugs in, Keyleth. You guys are finding your respective places to stay for the night? All right. The four of you head back to the castle. The two of you stay in the tavern. Taryon continues with his evening. The four of you make it back. Is there anything in particular you want to do? At this point in the evening, you've been drinking quite a ways, so it's closer to midnight at this point in time. You guys could fall behind the two of them if you want. Okay. As you guys both look ahead to talk about and look at Vex, she's gone and Percy's gone, and you realize at this point that you completely missed the divergence of your party. You guys make your way to your room in Whitestone. Percival. The castle's dark, it's quiet. The few lights that are up in the sconces on the secondary floor as you make your way towards your sister's chambers. You come to the door, and her personal guard is there, in Pale Guard armor. As soon as you begin to approach the steps, gets into a defensive position and then recognizes you and steps back and leads you in. As you come inside, you see Cassandra is currently in her regular day-to-day clothing, one of her many outfits she uses for formal meetings. Her hair is a little frazzled and down in front of her face. She has a stack of sheets stacked up next to her at this small desk table that she has in front of one of her large red velvet sitting chairs. However, she's not looking at that right now, as she's currently enthralled with what looks to be a small stack of cakes and a little tea saucer she's holding up as she's sipping. She turns back and looks at you. You see a little bit of the cake curl at the edge of her mouth. "Percival!" Takes another sip of the tea and sets it down. "You've returned!" "How have your travels been?" "That sounds par for the course, I assume." "Good! As the sophist of native ingenuity, you have much responsibility in this time of "recovery, and I'm growing a bit weary of the burden." She hands it over to you. She takes it and goes, "Huh. Grand Poobah, that's-- we'll certainly discuss that." "We can take our time with that one. I'm not going to lie, it's been so long, I've forgotten we have not had any purveyor of the Grey Hunt." "So, Vex'ahlia." "Before we can officiate that she has to undergo the Hunt itself." "I don't know how that works." "Keeper Yennen might." "Keeper Yennen should know. I'm a bit out of my depth at this point. I've done--" You see she sighs deeply and looks over at her garden-- For the first time in a while, you see Cassandra break from the stoic leader to Cassandra, your sister, and she leans forward and takes your hand and goes, "I'm so very tired. I've missed you. I need your help. Please." "I know. They're good people, many good people here, and you've all saw to that. I've saw "to it. I need rest." "Thank you. There's more cake in it for you." She wipes a little tear from her face. "I'm glad you're safe." "It's functional as it can be. We're having to ration ammunition as we have to rely on you for "that and you've been gone." "Perhaps you should helm most of that training since the majority effort has been at the "hip and making things up as they go." "Yes, yes. We lost a few in the last altercations but we have a good long standing "number of individuals who have stepped up and what was his name? The one that you brought in?" "Jarett." "He's been very useful. He's taken care of most of the low-end training but--" (laughter) "Good. Yes. Bring--" She takes the sheet. "Lady Vex'ahlia to breakfast in the morning and we "shall discuss her position, responsibilities, and the necessity of the Hunt." "Of course." She leans back in her chair and (sighs). "I think it's time for bed." And she gets up and she goes and closes off the fireplace in the corner and throws a little bit of water onto it and puts out the candles in the room. (sing) It can only be Jared's. Okay. How much money to do you attach to the letter? 16 copper. That could probably get it done. For a while. Okay. He's a smart man. He's done different forms of business. He can let you know if you need to restock the coffers, if you will. So the letter's written up, assuredly delivered, and the evening comes to a close for you guys. At the tavern, here at the Tipsy Quorum, we have Pike and Grog catching up on crazy business amongst the rest of the jovial atmosphere of the tavern as people have been drinking heavily into the evening like a city that is still recovering from five years of perpetual torment does. As Grog passes out at the table next to you, you look up and at this point, notice that most of the tavern is now empty and you have no idea what hour it is but it seems pretty late and pretty empty. You glance over and as the tavern is still open, it doesn't really close per se, but the night shift-- You see Shauna's finishing. She's throwing a shawl over, she's getting ready to leave. She looks over and sees you and takes off her shawl and throws it around Grog. And goes, "Take care of him." "He's dumb." "That's good. Because he seems pretty dumb." "I can tell by the company he keeps. You guys wouldn't stick around if he wasn't." "But I expect you to leave that shawl back here. It's going to be here in the morning." "All right. Well, I guess find a stool and curl up. I'm going to bed." And she leaves. "You too. What's your name?" "Pike. Pleasure to meet you." And she reaches out and takes your hand. She leaves. Closes the door behind her. You can choose to eventually pass out with Grog if you want as well or-- What do you want to do? Aw. And with that, the night comes to a close. The next morning, the sun rises. Those who are staying in the castle, you rise to the familiar smell of early breakfast meats, eggs, other classic meals being prepared for the various guard of the castle and those who belong to the chamber of Whitestone as it currently stands. As you all begin to convene down there, the two of you come to consciousness as two giant glasses of water are slammed on the table from a morning Shauna arriving-- drags the shawl out from under Grog's head which is now damp with just a multitude of drool that has just seeped into it. She squeezes it out and sets it on the side of the bar. "It's fine, it's fine." As she starts getting ready and a couple of the other bar hands start setting up the tavern, you hear footfalls come rushing down and you watch as Trisha comes rushing down, putting on her armor real fast. She's going, "Shit, shit. I'm late! Shit, shit, shit." and just rushes out the door. About five minutes more, you see the slow footfalls of Taryon Derrington make his way down the stairs into the empty tavern. Early morning, it's maybe 8AM at this point. You can just hear the birds going on the outside. The blearing sun's beginning to crest over the mountains-- Yeah. Nah, you guys are pretty hung over at this point. Make a constitution saving throw, Grog. You're okay. Is it ever? I've actually been privy to this exact conversation with a few guys who found out the same way in high school. "Nope! Not for me." Oh my god. That's amazing. As you guys are eating breakfast and Cassandra makes her way down, joins you all and begins the meal, her personal bodyguard is looking exhausted and frustrated and tapping the toe. Eventually you watch as a new guard comes in and, "I'm so sorry." And they switch out, and the new personal bodyguard of Cassandra is Trisha, who stops and sets up and apologizes to Cassandra, then turns and gets into guard duty and sees the rest of you eating breakfast and goes-- "Good morning." As you guys now approach and walk in. About 20 minutes later, after this whole conversation, you guys have cleaned up and made your way, she says nothing else and is now like, "oh boy." After you guys have had a meal and you guys have made your way and had this bit of interaction, where she's like, (shushes). Cassandra comes over and sits facing you, Vex'ahlia. "All right. Lady Vex'ahlia, me and Percival had a conversation last night and it's come to my "attention that you've been granted a title here within Whitestone." "A title that has been unfulfilled for quite some time, and I, for one, being the figurehead of "the city, I wish to welcome you as a member of our chamber, as the Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt. "Do you understand the responsibilities?" "To be perfectly honest, it means very little." "I can say that from experience. It means people look at you and expect you to have the "answer, and you--" She leans in and goes, "And you're really just making it up best you can, but you do your "best. But as the Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt, upon the completion of the Grey Hunt, you are "responsible for overseeing local diplomacy and rooting out mundane and supernatural dangers "throughout the surrounding Parchwood." "To protect the citizens of Whitestone." "You will be eventually training and be granted a cadre of people beneath you as part of "the Grey Hunt, who you will train and oversee as they ensure that the surrounding Parchwood is safe "in the local area around Whitestone. As you may or may not know, there is a very long history of "dangers within the forest. This entire valley was the result of a cataclysmic conflict during the "Calamity, specifically between the Dawnfather, Pelor, and a very dark entity. As such, there are "still scars of the land that give birth to a multitude of creatures that we need someone to "ensure do not wander far and begin to destroy and threaten our people." "Yes." "Your lesser guard keeps watch through patrols, and when something arises, you find it, "learn about it, and if it's necessary, destroy it." "Your skillset actually fits quite well for this, which I understand is why Percival "bequeathed this upon you." "That would be--" "Yes. About three years before the Briarwoods' arrival. I, at the time, was much "younger and didn't know much, but Regae, the individual who currently held the position, was "not as respected as I think you will easily become." "I'm so excited! However-- and while I'm still learning this as I go through our family's "history and the structure of governance here in Whitestone, there is-- How do I-- A ritual?" "A ceremony that you must undertake." "Just you." "Trinket, I imagine, as your companion, could be a part of it. However, as the one to be "titled, this journey is just for you." "The nature of this is a hunt. And I do not believe that your skillsets would aid her in the "speed and tracking that is required for this particular endeavor." "If you do not succeed, then you will have to wait until the Dawnfather presents the next "opportunity for the Hunt." "I don't know--" "-- when that would be." "Well, it's as soon as you wish to go and find your way to the Sun Tree and meditate for the "sign. I don't know the specifics of this. This is just from what the--" And she starts pulling over this cluster of books she had on the side and she starts rummaging through, and she pulls it over and goes "It's unfortunately very vague. And it's, apparently-- Keeper Yennen might know "more." "He's the resident priest of Pelor and this is a ritual of his, but yes." All right. Easy enough. You find the central-- The same open, almost-- What's the term I'm looking for? It's the half-domed speaking, presentational-- Amphitheatre! Thank you, yes, that's the word I was looking for. The amphitheatre set up, which Keeper Yennen usually keeps for all his various sermons. It's early enough where nobody has gathered. It is not any of the chosen weekly holy days of Pelor, so as you arrive, he looks like he's in the process of going through and sweeping and doing his morning ritual of upkeep. And you walk up and you can see his beard has grown a bit longer now and his grey has spread a bit since last time you had a true conversation. It's been a very tense situation. You can see occasionally the accelerated age that recent events has imparted upon individuals of the city. But as he sweeps and notices you arrive, "Oh, yes!" "Uh." "Vex'ahlia, thank you." "Oh! Excuse me." And he wanders off and he puts the broom back in this little closet and clutter falls out. "Oh, god-- Just a--". Puts things back up. Closes the closet. Hobbles back in your direction. "You are-- You are the Grand Mistress of the Grey Hunt?" He looks lost. "Anyway. It's been some time. Well." And he starts looking around and pulling up small scrolls and reading through. He goes and rummages through and finds one. "Yes, yes, here it "is. So for the Grand Purveyor of the Grey Hunt, Mistress in this case, is to go into a state of "deep meditation at the base of the Sun Tree and ask for a vision from the great Dawnfather "himself. There will be imparted upon her, at the moment of the Grey Hunt, her quarry. You are then "to find the quarry, wherever it may be within the Parchwood." "And decide the fate of said quarry." "That's all I have." "We've had previous individuals come from the Grey Hunt bearing trophies of their hunt. "Bearing various recovered examples of what they felled." "A sign of your victory, yes." "Of course. If I may be of aid of any kind, let me know. Though I don't know how much aid I "can be in this endeavor. But let me know." "Good luck." And as you walk, he says, "Dawnfather smile upon you!" All right. You walk up and, I mean, the city's starting to slowly spring to life as the morning hours climb forward. People are arriving and putting the last touches on the caravan. The Pale Guard is finished and they've assigned the division between those who are going to stay and those who are to escort the caravan to Emon. Pike, are you with the rest of the party? As you're walking, one of the Pale Guards sees you and walks up and goes, "Lady Pike? Are "you to join us on the caravan?" "We're leaving. It's-- I mean, I just don't know." "You escorted the caravan from Emon to Whitestone and now we're returning to Emon from "Whitestone with the caravan. I just wanted to know if you wished to come or stay. We're leaving right "now." "All right. Great. No, that's all right." Behind this tiny, plated, gnomish form there's this gargantuan goliath with rage in his eyes. And he goes "All right! No, that's fine. We're-- We're going to go." And he just turns and leaves and runs towards the caravan. So, Lady Vex'ahlia, you've found yourself at the base of the Sun Tree. As you look up at it, the morning sun-- At this point, the clouds that gathered yesterday have all subsided and you have this beautiful clear blue sky ahead of you. The morning sun's coming down. The tree is beautiful as you're watching it slowly blossom now as the months have passed. You start seeing green in the boughs. The occasional pod that might eventually flower as the season allows it. But it's serene. And as occasionally a breeze blows through, you hear the various branches hit and some of the leaves shake. It's a beautiful sight. What do you want to do? As you all separate and scatter off into your own business for the day in Whitestone. Vex'ahlia, you find a comfortable place at the base of the tree. You sit, cross your legs, look up, and close your eyes and concentrate. What thoughts are on your mind? What do you wish to do? What is your approach to this meditation? Okay. As you focus on this and you can hear the breeze. You extend what best can be described as your current consciousness or imagination to the breadth of the Parchwood that consumes the valleys of the Alabaster Sierras surrounding Whitestone. You focus. And you remember the journeys you had in the trees when you first arrived. The wandering hunt, the phantom individual wandering the trees in the distance that you didn't quite mark. And you're curious about that moment and you start thinking about the people that have lived here their whole life and think of the toil. And then your eyes open and the sun, which was just beginning to come over the hills into the sky, is now far past the horizon. You're unsure how much time has passed, but you've had no vision. You've had no words, no sign, and you're now starting to hit into the afternoon. You've probably been here for a number of hours at this point. And you're starting to feel the sweat drip beneath the armor. Discomfort's settling in a little bit. And you're beginning to feel that conscious difficulty with separating what your mind is trying to do and what your body is telling you it's not enjoying. Okay. So you turn around, armor off, just wearing your undertunic, and you press your back against the actual tree itself, leaning your head against it, and you close your eyes again and begin to concentrate. At this point in the day, the sun has crested over, so the shadow is still hitting you from the side of the tree. So you're not as warm as you were before. You focus, and you concentrate again on the expanse of this landscape, the strange difference between the warm midday, the cold mornings and evenings, and the freezing nights that bring mists and low clouds that shroud Whitestone in this somewhat middle-to-northern area of Tal'Dorei itself into the mystic, dark mythology that has encapsulated it since it was first founded. After a while of concentrating and letting your mind wander, your eyes open again, and now you're hitting sunset. It's growing colder, the breeze has picked up a bit, and you see some clouds making their way slowly from the wind of the southwest, cresting over the mountains on the western side, the Alabaster Sierras. No vision, no words. You can start seeing now people are walking the street, watching you strangely as they pass. You hear horse hooves hitting as they pass by with carts and people stop and stare and awkwardly whisper to each other and keep walking. Currently, no. Okay, you find your way to the small tunnel that you guys first carved when you arrived in Whitestone from what was previously an abandoned tavern that has been reclaimed. As you enter, you can see now the covered windows have been reopened. The place, while not a fully functional tavern yet, is in the process of being renovated to start a business again soon. So as you enter the front door you see about five different carpenters or various workers that are in the process of renovating the interior that all turn. "Can I help you?" Make a persuasion check! 15? Okay. The guy looks at you and goes-- "I mean, I have no idea what that means, but--" "We're going to send Joseph, just to keep an eye. Joseph?" And this one guy turns around and he looks a little touched. He turns around and goes, "Okay! I'll follow her." "I can do that!" "Yeah! I'll wait by the door! Right?" "Sure, whatever, man, go for it. It's fine." And they go back to fixing the inside. They're fixing windowsills. Joe, who seems to be a really sweet guy probably in his mid-to-late 30s, shaved head that's just starting to come in a little bit, square jaw, but it's Slingblade-style hung off to one side a little. But he seems like he's a fair worker and intent on the job that is set before him. "Thank you!" And he follows you in as you enter the tunnel and begins to walk in the tunnel with you. "Ah! Right! This isn't a door." All right. As you concentrate and keep your hands on the roots, time passes, what seems like ten, 20, 30, 60 minutes of silence, occasionally broken by a voice down the hallway going, "You okay?" "All right!" You come back to focusing on the task at hand, and at times you catch yourself. You swear you feel the roots get warmer and then you, conscious of it, and you feel along, and no, it's probably about the same. You may have psyched yourself out, you're not sure. Close your eyes again and you focus. As the boredom instinctively sets in, you have a hard time standing still. You're an individual who likes being bombarded with sensory elements. You're a person who needs to know what's going on around you, you always have been. That sense of self-preservation, paranoia, whatever you want to call it, is being conflicted heavily with the idea of being still, quiet, and focused for a protracted period of time. You're battling that antsiness, you are far too conscious of your physical body and the discomfort you're feeling. I want you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Ten? You can feel the pain begin to rise from sitting for so long. Your pelvic bone, from being in that position for a long period of time, is beginning to grow more and more sore. You begin to shift in place and as you do, it doesn't help. So you shift again, that doesn't help. And every single position you try and shift, it seems to throb in pain from being stationary for so long in a position that you're not used to. It's distracting to you. Eventually a voice comes through down the hallway that goes, "All right, we're done and we're leaving. You good?" "What?" "You too!" "You okay in there?" "Looks scary." "All right. Well, have a good night, miss!" You hear the footsteps grow quieter and quieter and then a (kch) as the hatch that led to the basement that you carved the tunnel from closes. Trinket is in your necklace. Very tight space. There's now a big bear and you're like (rrr) on the side. Backs up into the tunnel partway and is now borderline Winnie the Pooh in the tree. Trinket's like fitting in there, but snugly, but is-- (grunts) Okay. "I can, I can be still." "Oh, I guess." Crawls forward back into the space, ducking his head under the various tree roots like, (grunts) He, as uncomfortable in the moment as it is, he curls up and forms a crescent, soft bear barrier. A bear-rier, if you will. (groaning) You lean back into Trinket and the warmth is comforting, as it is getting colder here, especially beneath the earth in a space that, aside from the natural earth insulation, the cold of the night of Whitestone does get pretty biting. The warmth is welcome. And you think back and you have really no sense of what time it is, you really don't. You have no idea how long you've been in there. It could have been minutes, hours, it's hard to tell. Trinket goes, "Really?" "I don't want to stay here forever." "Okay." And Trinket kind of falls asleep. Okay. As you're thinking about this, you're leaning back into Trinket. The warmth is comforting. Make another wisdom saving throw. 15, okay. You lean back on Trinket and you watch this darkened space where there's no light, so you're relying on your elvish Darkvision, your half-elf's Darkvision, you're still taking in this space. There's no color, but you understand the shapes, the shapes of the roots, and what seems like days go by and your mind wanders to Percival, your mind wanders to your recent venture in the Hells, to Pike's return, to wondering what the hell Scanlan's up to, to what does this even mean, is this worth it? What are you going to do, stay here? The whole point of you and your brother was to go and wander and not be behooven to anything, to be free. But then, what is freedom at that point? Is it taking responsibility? Your mind cyclically continues to fold in itself, all these questions and these answers, and then questions and those answers, and before you begin to realize, you begin to fall asleep. You swear for a moment you begin to see the roots of the Sun Tree begin to grow, and curl in your direction, and you try and move but you find yourself unable to, paralyzed against the back of Trinket. You glance over your shoulder, just look over it. Trinket isn't Trinket, Trinket is more roots that are curled in around you. There is a clasp of various growing subterranean plant life that is just beginning to impose in your space. Your vision begins to dull to blackness. You watch as the roots reach out and grab around the sides of your head and your neck and pull you and lift you up, and you start having flashes, memories, of the interior of the tree in the Feywild, of the way those roots looked, ever-reaching, hungry, trying to grasp whatever life and emotion they can find. And that fear begins to seek up into your throat, but you withstand it. Your understanding of the importance of this and knowing that this can't be real, you shrug off this vision in spite of the roots bringing darkness to your vision. Everything goes cold and still. And then the darkness opens up once more, like your eyes, the lids just fold to reveal a beautiful moonlight-dappled pristine glass-like pond in the middle of a deep forest. A very thickly wooded forest with a very, very small series of gaps in the canopy that allow these beams of white moonlight to hit the surface, to refract. Still, calm, cold, quiet. A very faint mist has gathered across the surface of this water. You just observe, timeless. You don't feel yourself breathing, and you feel like, "I should "be breathing. Am I dead? I should breathe, that's what it means to live." But you don't sense that experience, and by the time that thought crosses you to the point where you can feel the panic beginning to brim up in the back of your mind, the water breaks and you watch as a shape emerges from the surface of the water. Ripples begin to cascade out from the outside of the shape as it steps, one, two, three times, bipedal in movement, this large humanoid shape begins to step forth from the water. You see this almost ten-foot-tall humanoid mass begin to step out from the water. You can see, from the glistening liquid that is just coasting off of its back and body, unkept by any fur or flesh, there is a hide, a rhino-like thick gray scaled almost hide, that seems to cover the entirety of its form. But what you see is its back, this massive muscled shoulder shelf, and two tree trunk-like arms that just swing and dangle from the sides as it begins to step further and further out of this pond. And at first you see this creature, but you still sense it belonging. And then you sense that there's a reason for this emergence, and at that point you watch as the creature, which is now maybe up to its waist, pushing onto knee-depth in the water, as it reaches the edge of the surface. You don't see its face, you just see over its shoulder and its massive back, no head emerging over top. It stops and turns back, and as the shoulder turns you can see the head, which is actually protruding forward out of the torso, this slumped plated armored head with a jaw that hinges underneath closed with a series of teeth in the bottom, and what you see for just a glimmer are its yellow eyes glowing, all six of them, in rows of two across the top as it glances back in your direction. And it just leaps out of the water and begins darting through trees and vanishing in the distance, and you realize the Hunt is on. Your vision comes back to you, there's no vines, and Trinket is just sleeping behind you, and you're there in the cold darkness beneath the Sun Tree. What do you do? "Um. Hopefully not?" "Okay." So what're you doing? What are you doing? What are you doing? You remember seeing it as it leapt, you got a very quick glimpse at its shape and its feet, its giant clawed fingers, its humanoid-like hands. You don't know of a scent, per se. Go ahead and roll an investigation check to look back over the memory of what you have and pick out details. Mm-hm. So you're putting on your armor as you're rushing out of the area. Investigation. 11, okay. Best you can tell, given the circumstances, the brief vision you had, the angle of the moonbeams are coming from the right and left, meaning from your perspective, they're coming at this angle upon the water. And as you step out into the night, you can see the moon is in a certain place in the sky where your vision, if that is in-- Depending on if it's in a northern direction or not. You're trying to think of where the lake was. There are a couple of ponds that you've seen in the forest. You're not fully aware. Percival might be the person to ask about this. Okay. Percival, you've kind of been hoping that everything worked out okay. You haven't heard anything from Vex'ahlia since the morning. She's been gone for a good 13 hours at this point, and it's close to midnight. A little bit. You're in the process of going through books and such, and all of a sudden there's a rush of footsteps and Vex'ahlia comes bursting into your room. She describes the pond, and it's a smallish pond. You do, yeah. As you dart out, Trinket lumbering after you, you look at the map, and based on the conversation you had as well, there are two different locations that have ponds roughly the size that your vision revealed to you. Both of them have a slight break in the canopy. That's a key that you remember from this, and being a tracker specifically you know that most of the forest, the Parchwood itself, is very dense canopy, it rarely has breaks enough to allow that much moonlight to pass through. I need you to go ahead and make an intelligence check. This is an intelligence check, so you should add your intelligence modifier. That's still very good! You ascertain, between the two locations on the map, the one that would contain both the right amount of canopy that would be open, and the size of the pond, and the location of the moon, would be far, far west of Whitestone, slightly north, beginning to just get near to where the Alabaster Sierra mountain range hits the bottom of the valley, so you know that's probably your best bet to get there. You leap on to the back of your bear. He goes into a full sprint out of the city. The few folks that are kind of drunkenly wandering through the city or in the process of making their way home, they all step aside as Vex'ahlia, Lady Vex'ahlia of the Grey Hunt-- -- on top of Trinket the bear, comes tearing through Whitestone to the west, barreling towards the gap in the exterior wall of the city, and charging into the depth of the Parchwood Forest. Following the map and keeping tabs on direction, about 40 minutes or so of travel, you eventually come upon where you think this pond should be. Go ahead and roll a survival with advantage. Yes. 22. You make your way and you find the pond, and you recognize it exactly the moment you get there. This is exactly the pond in your vision. You glance over and start finding your way around the edge, and eventually you find the thick, heavy footfalls right beneath the water. He leapt straight out of the water so there were no tracks directly out of it, but you look just beneath the surface. Yes, you look up and you can see a few branches are broken, and you begin to trace the direction of where it went. Okay. All right, go ahead and roll a stealth check. Are you still on Trinket for this? Trinket goes into the necklace. Go ahead and roll stealth with your Pass Without a Trace bonus. 33, okay. Very quietly, you dart up into the trees and begin leaping from broken branch to broken branch. Eventually it leads you into a small opening between a series-- the trees here are truly thick, but there's certain areas where they begin to separate a bit, and you can see heavy impacts where it leapt down and found some soft ground and begins running. And you can see the tracks, and you take a moment and study these tracks, and you can see exactly how these thick three-toed feet of the creature dig into the dirt, and you take a very, very close watch on them. I need you to go ahead and make another wisdom survival check to see where those footfalls will take you. 22, okay. So you begin darting through, and you notice there are points where it leaps into the trees and vanishes. The trail stops, but you can follow brief bits. But this creature's heavy, you can see it doesn't leap into the boughs and hang on a branch, it leaps up onto an actual tree trunk and then leaps off the trunk, and where it does, the bark splinters and breaks. Whatever this is, it's extremely dense. It's extremely heavy. And to have the power and strength to lift its form on that thickness means it has some power behind it. Continuing to keep tabs, you're darting through the dark woods. Out of the right of you, you hear a sudden noise, and you are surprised, as a series of birds come fluttering past you, apparently startled from something nearby, and you watch as a forest elk darts past and is a sign of-- you know, naturally in this environment-- of relatively recent movement. And you get the sense that you might be gaining on this creature, whatever it's charging. So as you're leaping and running and making the best possible path you can, eventually, the trail begins to grow a little cold, and you find a small glade-- Yeah, I know. About 30 feet across. The trees open and there's this space and it's pristine, untouched. The trail ends entirely. Make a perception check. It's a clearing in the forest where the canopy opens a bit, and there's thick brush, and you can see some of the roots of the trees pop up in places, but as opposed to previously, where the trees are pretty clustered together and you can find your way through the slight gaps, this area is open by about 30 feet. Okay, so as you reach this clearing, you glance about, and it appears to be empty. There's nothing here. There's no sign. You can attempt to find tracks, if you'd like. You're currently up in the tree, yes. You are. Okay, you find your way, stepping onto the somewhat soft floor of the forest. Well, you can certainly try. Okay, and what are you concentrating on? Yeah. Things that generally come from some touch of the Far Realm. Okay. As you sit there and focus, what level are you using? Level one? True. All right. You sense no nearby aberrations. Okay, you concentrate on fey. Nothing. What are you doing, Vex'ahlia? Okay, make a survival check with advantage. 24. Okay, and also if you could roll stealth again since you are actively doing something. No, just roll. 32. Okay. You step out into the shadow, using the edges, and you do see the very faint trail-- not of feet on the ground, but of claw marks, carefully placed. Almost like it monkey-walked along the sides of this glade. The tracks and claw marks stop in this small cluster of bushes where inside, you can just barely see the faintest hidden glow of six tiny yellow dots. It's hard to tell the direction. Okay. You are. Okay, Sharpshooter, so minus five to hit, plus ten to damage. Go for it. Oh, I see. Yeah, you can do that. Okay. The general circle here. As I do not have the actual mini for the creature this is working for, but this will give the idea. Okay, we'll put that there. Okay, you get your broom ever so carefully ready. You Hunter's Mark him. Hunter's Mark and you're taking your Bramble Shot. Go for it. 29. That hits. What's the saving throw on that? That is a 20. Sorry. Yes. Yes. Yeah, because you're an Assassin, it is. So with all the dice involved there, that's 21 times two, that's 42. What's the actual arrow damage? Okay, so that's eight, plus whatever your modifier is. Nice! That is 56 points of damage. Right. Never mind, that's 66 points of damage. As you pull back and carefully aim, the arrow disappears and you watch as there's a flash of green energy, the arrow impacting on this creature, and the vines curl around. You hear a (roar) and the bushes explode as this entity steps out, tearing the vines off its body, throwing them to the ground as they shrivel and shake and then turn to dust and dissipate into the underbrush. As the creature steps out and looks directly at you, its six glowing eyes in a three by three pattern staring right at you, the arcing of the energy finishing throughout its body, it stands upright for a moment. Its hunched form goes almost more humanoid and it looks at you with an intelligence that you didn't expect. It takes a step, and another step, and seems to almost give you a nod of respect. Roll initiative. (cheering, laughter) All right, you call on this favored terrain thing a lot. Let me see what it actually helps. (laughter) Nope! It just means that for your intelligence and wisdom checks related to the terrain, your proficiency bonus is doubled. So technically, not even advantage, but it's worked out fine. So no, you do not get advantage for that. What did you roll? Total initiative of ten? It is now the creature's turn. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30, 35. It comes rushing up to you, swings one of its fists towards you. It comes back as a fist and the claws open right as it comes in your direction. First attack, that is a 24 to hit. All righty, you suffer from the first claw strike 17 points of slashing damage. As soon as that claw strike comes by, it brings its second claw upward in an uppercut arc. That is going to be a natural 20. That is 28 points of slashing damage, and then it's going to attempt to bite you. You watch now this snub crocodile-like jaw unhinges and opens up with these natural spiked teeth on the top and bottom sides. It's going to reach out towards you. That is a 15. It goes to bite towards you, and after the first strikes hit you, you duck out of the way and you hear him snatch together over top, making a horrible clenching noise, but you are not in the jaws when they close. As you look up as you duck down, it pulls back and (snorts) in a "what have you got?"-type expression. What are you doing? Okay, where? You watch this tiny arc of black energy arc over and you swear you see two of the eyes, even though there is no visible iris, follow the immediate motion as the rest stay focused on you, and then Trinket appears behind it. (roars) Okay, as your bonus. All righty. How high up are you going? Full movement? That is 30, yes. Yep, so you are right up there. So full movement would be about 20 feet up and ten feet back? Okay, so you would be about there, and you would be a little bit lower. We'll say for the purposes of this, because that direction does matter. All right, so you're back over here. Got it. Right up against this tree. That's your bonus action, that's your movement, what else are you doing? Okay. Okay. That hits. (laughs) 24 damage. 28 does hit. No, just once per round. No, that's not bad at all. So that ends your turn? You've used all your actions. The creature glances over at Trinket behind, looks up at you in the tree and in a creepily humanoid way, wipes the edge of its jaw and then leaps off this tree. Yes, he does. And then it leaps in your direction in the sky. (impact, roar) Arms out, jaw open. Make the attack for Trinket. Whichever one you want. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage for Trinket. Nine points of damage for Trinket. Nice. It leaps into the air, arms out, jaw open towards you. It's going to make a bite attack towards you. That is a 23 to hit. All righty. You suffer 19 points of piercing damage, and I need you to make an athletics or acrobatics check. 34. The jaw attempts to pull you from the broom. The strength of its grasp on you is extremely heavy. You sense that this is a grapple rend technique that it has. However, you manage to squeeze out of its teeth and elbow it as you push it off with your foot, releasing the grasp. You are not grappled by the creature. However, on its way down, it's going to swing out with its claws as you push it off. That's a natural one. Two natural ones in a row! (cheering) He definitely plummets. We'll say, for the purposes of this, sure. As he lands under the tree, the tree slams down, and as he hits the ground and slams, you can see the dirt has been displaced from impact. This creature is extremely heavy and dense, now seeing it right in front of your face, to the point where its tumbling impact pushed a tree over in the middle of the forest. That's the end of its turn. You're up. Two ones in a fucking row! No, this is my go-to die. This is the fan-given die. I use this for everything. Okay. You're going full up? All right, we'll say you're going 30 feet up from where you were. You're up in this direction there. 19 does hit, yes. Six damage for Sneak Attack. Got it. Nope. Go for it. I need you to roll a concentration check, by the way, for your Hunter's Mark. Because you took damage for each of those hits. You've got to remember that. So just roll a constitution saving throw. 12? It would have been-- That's fine for the first one. Roll again. What's that one? Four? Yeah, so Hunter's Mark-- Actually, that last Hunter's Mark would not have hit. Don't forget to remember that. My fault. I know, it's okay. 24 hits. Okay, nice. All righty. That hits, yeah. Nice. Nope. So as the arrows (whoosh), they're sinking into the hide. The hide is very thick, but you can see the dark trails of blood just slowly dripping from each of these wounds where the arrows plug the hole, but they're all sticking and they're all staying in. You just see now this pincushion of a chest as each arrow stays, protruding from the front of this creature, its thick gray hide, yellow eyes still glaring at you. You can see as it looks around, it's glancing in the vicinity for what it can do. Ending your turn? As you're saying this, you watch the creature. Trinket's hassling it from the back, it pushes off, looks over, grabs the tree that just fell and picks it up and throws it in your direction. Which, it makes a strength check to do so. That is a 21 to hit. Okay. Okay, you take 17 points of bludgeoning damage. As the tree strikes you-- I need you to go ahead and-- let's see-- Yeah, well, now you know. So as the tree impacts you, it's threatening to knock you off the broom. Even though it'll remain attached to you, it's a tumble. I need you to go ahead and-- Oh man, this'll be an interesting DC. Make a strength check to hold yourself on the broom. Yeah, this is to see if from the impact you can still hold on to the broom or be knocked from it. Or a strength saving throw, is what it would be. That's a ten. You are thrown from the broom from the impact, and immediately tumble-- -- the tree that fell. Okay, so you hit a series of branches on the way down. So as you plummet, the broom, as you're not on it to gun it, it goes limp, and you just tumble as it's currently dangling from the chain that's attached to you. Unfortunately, no. You land prone on the ground and suffer 15 points of bludgeoning damage. It takes a step forward. Trinket does get an attack of opportunity. No, it just moves up to you. It's now looming over you, threatening. That was its full action, was throwing the tree. Well, now you know. No, he's just fucking with you. 16, nice. Look, it's awesome! So he lashes out and gets a big chunk, you see Trinket goes (roars) and steps up and is now looming over you. Now in the darkness, as you look up from the impact, your eyes open, and all you see is this outline, the moonlight hitting the back of this creature, giving the shape, the white line of its giant shoulders and muscular chest and the six glowing eyes staring down at you as it looms. (grunts) Your turn. Are you trying to talk to it? What are you-- If you're making quips, that's fine, but if you're trying to actually converse with and get through to a creature, that'll be your action. What are you doing, Vex'ahlia? Your choice. He is looming over you. You are prone on the ground next to him. So you can-- So you disengage as a bonus action, and you can move three squares away. So you get up, there you go. You have your action, still. What do you do? Correct. It's dragging behind her by the ankle, it's like (shuffling noise). Okay. Okay. Okay. Correct. 17 just barely hits. Hits. Okay. Go for it. Correct, yeah. So you only get your two attacks. 29 hits. So 18? 18 points of damage. All right. You watch as all these arrows (whoosh) sink into his body, its abdomen, its knee, one of the knees kind of buckles a little bit, it's like (grunts) you can see now it's visibly hurt, it's bleeding from a lot of places and as it stands back up, its knee shakes from the impact, and as its knee locks into place the arrow that you just shot snaps from the hide clicking together. And you stare at it as it just looms towards you, and as it gets, stepping up to you now, your standing position, it's a good four feet taller than you. Trinket gets another attack of opportunity as it moves towards you, not even focusing on your companion. 16 just misses. Trinket swipes and hits the back but just skids off the hide leaving these scratch marks but no real damage. As it looms forward, it's going to go ahead and take its multi-attack on you. It just looks at you and it goes (cracks) and you hear its knuckles crack, these thick (cracks) as it brings its fists into giant angry punches and swings the first claw towards you. That is a four plus nine, 13. Misses you. Cocked. That is an eight plus nine, that is 17. The bite attack, that is 27. 14 points of piercing damage. I need you to make another athletics or acrobatics check, as its jaws are now clamping onto you, attempting to grapple you. 18? 14, yeah. (cheering) There you go! So the jaws clamp on you, and you just muscle and squeeze out. You can feel the teeth tear against your flesh between the bits of your leather armor. As you pull away, the armor snaps open on its hinges and you now have your bloodied shoulder exposed in the moonlight right now in the canopy. As it's there, you're heaving, it's kind of heaving, staring you down. What are you going to do? It's your turn. As you move, with disengage, you can go around. That's where you can get, right there. Okay, go for it. Okay, go ahead and roll damage. All right, nice, nice. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Oh, okay. So what are you doing with the arrow, then? Okay. So the arrow (whizz) as you release it, it hits right below where a clavicle would be and it sinks in deep. It goes in probably a good five, six-- Deeper than any other arrow that you've hit it with has done. And it sinks, and you can see it stops with the feathers at the chest, and it gives out a (retches) and falls back to its one knee that it was on, falls onto its second knee, and its arms lean forward, barely keeping itself up, like a gorilla. It's just (heavy breathing). There's very little response, it's just standing there looking at you. You can see the eyes are focused on you even through the slight glimmers of yellow, even though some of them are lulling and blinking. Its muscles are tensing and relaxing as it's just taking all of its strength to stay partially standing at this moment, but it's listening. Make just a straight charisma roll. Just adding your charisma modifier. Seven? It's just a check, yeah. It stands up. It almost falls again on its knee, grasps, and puts its arm over where the last arrow went in. It turns around, and leaps back into the forest. Okay, go ahead and fire. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. As it leaps in the air, you barely see the shadow disappearing into the canopy. You take your final arrow and let loose. How do you want to do this? It hits. You think it hit. You don't hear anything. Quiet. And then the heaviest boulder-like impact of its body onto the forest ground, skidding into the mud, hitting another tree. That tree falls on top, and you have to dodge onto the side to make sure that nothing else falls in the area. And then stillness and calm and quiet hits, and the cold finally comes in. As the blood is pumping and the adrenaline's hitting you, you felt so warm and you're sweating, and at that point as you're breathing in heavily, you can feel the biting cold of the air hitting your lungs, and at that point the adrenaline begins to subside, and you notice your breath is showing up and it is a very cold low mist night now emerging within the forest. (bear noises) All right. Okay. You walk over and you find, indeed, the creature is laid out. It is dead. It is cold. The arrow sticking out of the back, the final blow, seems to have hit a very core nerve center of its back. So carve whatever trophy you wish from its body. Okay. So you eventually pull out a small dagger and hack the hand off. It takes you a little while but you do manage to get it. The hand alone probably weighs almost as much as you do. Trinket walks over and takes it up in his jaws. You do notice that, because this area is very thickly wooded, setting a fire in the middle of the Parchwood Forest, probably not a good idea. You try and tug the creature, and even with Trinket's help, this thing weighs two tons. Make a wisdom survival check. No advantage on this one. You would have disadvantage, so it's negated. Survival. 18. It takes you the better part of the evening, but you manage to set a very localized flame around this, making sure you have very, very damp moss and bits of wet mud caked around to make sure the flame doesn't spread. Eventually the body does begin to burn, and by the time you finish and you feel successful, you notice the faint glimmer of morning sun beginning to crest over the mountain. So, bruised, beaten, you and Trinket find your way back to Whitestone. You stumble up just as everyone's coming everyone's coming to consciousness. The worrying has kept you up, and you've been-- No. Eventually, as you guys are getting breakfast and discussing if anyone had seen you, you watch as Vex'ahlia stumbles in, bloodied, bruised, filthy, and Trinket stumbles in beneath and just chucks this giant gray severed hand of a creature (thuds) onto the ground. The staff scatters to make you mimosas. Sure, you've read around. This would be a general intelligence check. 23. As soon as she says that, you're like, this is a gray render. Seeing the hand triggered it. What you know of grey renders is, they are asexual creatures that reproduce only one, asexually, per generation. They are territorial and very protective of their young, and generally sometimes bind themselves as a protector of a certain territory, and given certain circumstances, can choose either an individual or a space to protect as well. But that can depend on circumstances, otherwise they can be a dangerous force of nature. It is the property of whoever succeeds at the Grey Hunt, it is their trophy to mount, to utilize or discard as they please. Yeah, you can lift it fine. You have a 26 strength, you're like-- As you're walking downstairs, Cassandra, who's awake and in her nightwear, groggily steps down the stairs and sees you. "Oh, um, how's it gone?" "So it's a success?" Even amongst your messy self, she leans in and gives you a soft hug and holds you for a second and pulls away. And she's shorter than you. For a half-elf, you're average size, but she is pretty short for a human, especially for the amount of personality she wields. But she looks up at you and says-- Emanating! Emanating! From her! Huge tracts of land. That's not what I meant! Jeez! (laughter) She looks up at you and says, "Congratulations. Welcome to the chamber." "Our Mistress of the Grey Hunt." She pats your cheek. "Anyway, I'm going to get some breakfast. And--" she looks down and notices the somewhat congealed blood that's now spattered across parts of her. "I'm going to go put on another dress. Anyway, welcome." "And I'm glad." She walks back up to her chamber to change outfit. You guys continue on to see Vex to sleep. You start undoing her braid, helping her. As you do, she's falling asleep while standing. Fenthras just drops to the ground. As she lays over and almost immediately passes out on the bed. You give a long gaze as you step out of the room, Vax. You turn and out of the corner of your eye you see a very faint movement. You glance over at the edge of the wall, next to the door, where you leaned Fenthras against the stone. You watch as elements of the vines and the curves and the designs of Fenthras seem to almost grow and curl even further. The bow seems to have established a more prominent visual presentation. So as Vox Machina completes the final legs of their recent journeys, they come, for the first time in a long time, to a period of local and nationwide peace, with much to pick up, much to clean, much to rebuild, and much to discover for themselves, their relationships, and what it means to each individual. You guys have a few weeks to contemplate what it is you do together and individually over the next year. When we return in about two weeks to Critical Role proper, it's going to be a little over a year later from this moment. Yeah. We're doing-- we're going to be returning to you guys. We'll talk about this and we'll get an idea of what you guys want to do. However, next week, we're still having an episode, but we'll have the pleasure of Liam O'Brien here running the next one shot following his last one at Warner Brothers, in which both me and Marisha will actually be able to play it. (cheering) Conan O'Brien? Yeah, he seems to be available, I'm pretty sure, he's not doing much. We'll get him and Colbert to guest. Yeah, one year later. So we'll talk and converse individually and as a group about what you guys want to accomplish over the next year without the constant threat of perpetual death. And we'll see where that takes us in two weeks for the story of Vox Machina into the final arc of your story. And return next week for the awesome one-shot. I'm super excited. I've never been able to play with most of you guys at all. It's pretty rad. Yeah. Yeah! Oh, I'm going to! I'm going to be so bad. I'm going to be okay in the DM's chair, but I am the worst player. I apologize in advance. Oh yeah, I probably should have announced the winner earlier. I feel really bad. I got caught up in the story. Ninjajoel75, congratulations! (cheering)