Hello, and good evening, everyone! Welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors play Dungeons & Dragons! Or yell curse words at me as we intro. So yes! Welcome to the show tonight! Sam Riegel is on his way, our Scanlan will be here shortly. Such is the nature of these things. But, anyway, welcome to our show, friends new and old. Tonight, we're continuing a rather intense beginning of the next arc of Critical Role, as Laura prepares her dice via bulk-rolling. I like the juju aspect of it. It's nice. It gets the energy going. Just burn all those twenties out first. See? There you go. So, yeah! So, tonight we have a special guest that will be coming into the show a little later on, as part of the story arc, and after tonight, we will be having Critmas for this month. It won't be all of us, some folks have a really early morning tomorrow and unfortunately have to run off due to needing to exist tomorrow professionally, but we will be doing that this evening. Let's see, as far as announcements go-- Yeah. It's all good. So, I guess first and foremost, reminder for those of us who are interested in going to Portland for Wizard World Portland in a few weeks, we'll be there for that. I know, except for Liam. Also, me and Marisha will be at Colorado Anime Fest, the weekend before that-- actually next weekend. Next weekend! We'll be in Denver for that convention. Let Sam in! Travis has this. I like this very much. Let's see, other announcements. Oh, the next episode of the GM/DM Tips goes up tomorrow on the Geek & Sundry website. Check that out. Not sure what topic it is. I don't know what order they're putting them out on, so it'll be a surprise for both of us! But hopefully you guys will find it helpful. I hope the previous ones have as well. If these turn out well, and people like them, and go click on them and share them around, they'll be more apt to do more, in which case I can do more in-depth, advanced videos. So, let's hope that works out well. Exactly. Yes! Yeah, that's a whole different clicker. And then, first weekend of March, me and Marisha will be in Cork, in Ireland, for Kaizoku Con. So, that'll be a lot of fun, you guys can come out there. And yes, I know that Ireland is not in the UK, that was meant to be a joke, but the internet did not take it as such, and felt the need to correct me for a week. And you know what, I deserve that-- But as a person of some Irish lineage, I may have accidentally also offended my ancestors, so I apologize to everyone! We have a gnome! Go get ice? He'll be back! Aww, that's-- whoever sent those, thank you. Let's see, other announcements. Liam, do you want to mention that one thing? Yeah, kind of! Let's see, other things-- for those who didn't see it, Lootcrate put up a cool video about their most recent package that's going out this month, themed "Dead," in which they shot a ten-minute short film in the zombie apocalypse, starring me! Did you see it? It was fun. I got really dirty. And Marisha has a cameo in it as my deceased girlfriend. Sorry. Look! You think I can save anyone in the apocalypse? Neither! I'd try and work things out, and then get sniped in the head. We've had this conversation. Oh. You need to get that. Oh, thank you, Sam! So conscientious. (laughs) All righty, anything else anyone needs to mention? Or announce? All righty! Announcements are over-- let's go ahead and get into the game proper. So, to get us up to speed. Vox Machina, the intrepid band of adventurers, who have been enjoying being honorary members of the council of Tal'Dorei, returning from a harsh adventure in Whitestone, having the Winter's Crest festival, and then going in and re-inspecting the death place of a blue dragon they once fought over a year ago, returned just in time for a series of chromatic dragons, white, black, red, and green, all attacking Emon at once. This union of extremely powerful dragons tore through the city, with the red staying behind, named Thordak, the Cinder King, basically housing himself in Emon and claiming himself essentially ruler of that area. The party fled to their keep, attempted to help a bunch of refugees inside and then were immediately attacked by Vorugal, the white dragon. A heavy battle commenced that was ill in favor of your victory until Thordak himself knocked Vorugal out of the sky, claiming that there were better things to be done. So three of the four of this Chroma Conclave have now gone east, while Thordak sits in the middle of his new nesting place. You guys decided to try and help those who were in the keep at the time, those who survived that encounter on the outside of Greyskull. However, Percy and Grog had a conversation about this magical skull artifact they had acquired this whispering in exchange for a wish if it got freed. This led to a rather intense bit of conflict-- Yes. (laughs) Which, thanks to the luck of the die, seemed to avoid a unique circumstance, whatever that might have been. (laughs) However, the party in this tense scenario were then visited by a dwarven elementalist named Drake, along with your old-time friend and guide Allura Vysoren, who had sensed the connection to her teleportation circles here in Emon severed immediately. There was discussion about how this came about, who's to blame, and it appears that this dragon has a history, 15 years before, of having conflict with Allura and her then-party of adventurers, many of whom lost their life in the final battle. When they realized they were unable to actually defeat Thordak, hatched a plan to seal him within the elemental plane of fire, and had managed to keep him there for 15 years until recently. We left off with Allura suddenly sensing her connection to the Westruun sigil severed as well. Yeah! That is where we'll pick up. So, at this point, after Allura senses this, her eyes go wide for a moment and she-- you, being there in front of her still, Keyleth, after your guys' scrying ritual, grabs your shoulder, and looks around the room. "Who is left? Where is the "council? Which allies can we draw to us, in hopes of planning our next move?" (sighs) "Well, we have to try and gather what information we can about who remains. If "anyone out there survives, any of our allies, we need to make sure that they're brought away from "the center of this chaos. And hopefully we can reconvene and figure out a path of hoping to free "our city, our entire land, of this scourge." "Perhaps skirting the center and hoping others have found their way towards the outskirts "of it. I don't know. This is as far as I've gotten to the city, is your guys' keep. You have the "better position on this. Where would anyone in the town go? Are there places to hide, are there--" You did, actually. You haven't actually utilized it yet. "The connections I had to this town were within my tower, your keep, and the Lyceum, the "Alabaster Lyceum. The Lyceum has also been severed, and though I know not of what may remain "there, that is also a place of great power, hence why it was probably a very operative target for "their attack." "Yes?" "If I have a connection to the sigil, yes. I don't have much beyond the boundaries of "Tal'Dorei. Vasselheim does not allow sigils for transportation, it's against their philosophy "against embedded arcane intrusion. If Westruun is under attack as well, I will make my way there in "hopes of salvaging any lives that I can." "They move rather fast, and to be honest, I hate to inform you, but my single teleportation "ability has been utilized for the day in getting here." "Marquet." "400 years ago, yes, when he was younger. He was a much smaller dragon then." "The only thing I can think of there are two bastions of knowledge that hold inklings as to "what could be the undoing of dragonkind, of powerful entities. There were battles of many such "powerful entities, long, long ago, back before the Penance, before the historical wiping of "civilization. Some of these books remain in Vasselheim, being the only city to have survived "those times. A few have found their way in the Cobalt Reserve, the library of Westruun. If I "could go and hope that this library still stands, stay out of sight, help who I can along the way, "and gather what bits of research I can and bring them back here, perhaps we could reconvene as long "as you go and find who you can of our allies that survive within Emon." Which Drake next to her says, "Damn right, she does! And I don't mean any offence, but the "two of us is about the same as you lot!" "Trust me," and he gives you this dwarven grin as both of his eyes spark for a second with electricity. She pushes him aside and goes, "It's all right, Drake. For our mission, it's going to "require more-- success is guided on being subtle. Some of you excel at that, maybe not all. And "speed. I believe we can handle this. You're better suited in combing large bits of territory and "seeking the allies that may survive." "I should leave now." "We have other means of transportation." "If Vasselheim still stands, I-- knowing its history, that is one of the most fortified cities, "the most fortified city in our civilization. It's endured two great wars, and has been the starting "point of each cycle. I doubt even with the might that these dragons hold, they would have the gall, "the foolish intent, to attack such a place. Especially the center of an entity such as "Bahamut, who stands against such creatures. I think Vasselheim is going to definitely claim a "key role in this attempt to save ourselves." "Yes." "I have no connection to Whitestone. I did not have time arriving there to install a sigil." She shakes herself in her current mindset and goes, "Well, me and Drake here, we spent the "better part of two days studying the structure underneath the city. It itself appears to be at "least 600 years old, predating Whitestone's construction. Unfortunately, both of our magics "are thwarted in the proximity of this structure and any rituals that we attempted, or would have "been able to attempt, to discern its nature, in the classic means, would not be functional due to "its anti-magical properties. However, we've taken a few things of note, and we're taking our "observations to reach for two research facilities around the world, one of which I intended to be "the Cobalt Reserve before this happened." "Essentially. We have locked it off and it's under intense guard. We spent a little bit of "time experimenting with its properties, and any object of firm matter that was introduced to this "object was then torn from our grasp, sundered into many pieces, and then vanished." "Not that I know of." "They, especially the reds, see themselves as superior to all beings, and will bend, and have "in the past bent, small townships and civilizations to their whims and worship, yes. "Which is, based on what you're telling me, is part of what Thordak is attempting with this city now." "I will." Oh, it's been quite a while, you guys have been running since before the meeting in the Cloudtop District. It happened at dusk. No, no, it's evening now for you guys. I'd say it's after midnight, 1AM. She takes it, nods, places it in one of the-- A short rest or a long rest? Long rest is eight hours. You took a while earlier to concentrate and you focus on that point again. Thordak is this giant oppressive force of dragon kin in the center of the city, seemingly not moving. Correct. Okay, so as you go the temple, you can see the surviving 25 people that are all lumped in. They're calmer right now, but you can see a lot of them are still consoling each other and talking and as soon as you walk in they're like-- a couple of them step up immediately like, "What's going "on, is everything all right?" "I'm sorry. Mom, I'm sorry" They start crying and, "Shh! It's okay, "it's okay. Is everything all right? Are we safe here? Is this okay?" Make a persuasion check. Surprisingly, I rolled a one. First roll of the night. Yeah, apparently. So the one man who stood up, and the younger child to him, looks around and he tells her, "Shh! Go lay down. Very well, thank you again. We're sorry for--" Everyone else in the room nods in agreement and you see they're dirt- and tear-stained and all just happy to not be on fire right now or frozen. There have been a few injuries. However, Pike has already taken time with Keyleth to see to them, when they first arrived. You were helping until you were pulled away for the five minutes. All right, so, as you guys are having this conversation, Allura and Drake walk their way out to the courtyard and she looks back at the rest of you and goes, "Stay safe, and if anything happens, "find a way to let me know. I will return as soon as I can with what I can find. Possibly who I can find." So go ahead and roll for me. Okay. All right. So as you and Allura embrace, she steps back and gives a nod and looks out to everybody. "Don't thank me yet. Most of all of this lies on my shoulders." And you can see she's holding it together the best she can, but there is a crippling guilt in her visual presence, based on everything that's happening here. You know that there's a mutual understanding that, while no one knows the true reason why all this is happening, everyone seems to have a stake as to why it happened and possibly may have been somewhat at fault. And as she nods, she looks at Drake and Drake gives her a nod and begins casting a spell. As his fingers twirl in the air, these blue sparks trail his fingertips as it draws this large spiral of electrical energy that holds itself in place. It bursts out and encompasses both their bodies and their forms all of a sudden shrink down and shutter into these two sparks of energy that then arc off, and you can see these two bolts of electricity now coasting through the sky, bouncing off roads, bouncing off rock, bouncing off a tree. They both are traveling via spark across the countryside. Drake cast it. All righty. Okay, three facts of your choice. As you sit in the temple quietly and connect yourself with the land and the foliage of the surrounding area of Emon, what are your questions? What's the radius on this, three miles? You do sense a presence. A very weak presence. The direction that best you can ascertain is it's in the direction of Abdar's Promenade. That's where his shop is, yes. Within your three-mile range, you do not. The questions were are they in the city? Which direction are they? Those are essentially the answers that you get through the connection of nature. That's possible. All right, you guys take a long rest? Who had the skull last? The last person to hold it was Vex. All right. You guys find yourselves, as best as you can, resting for the evening. It is an evening of tossing and turning for a lot of you. Flashes of memories. Scanlan, you are plagued by the thought of your newly discovered daughter being not far outside the city when all this went down. Percy, you have flashes of the idea of Whitestone, recently saved and brought to freedom, being torn asunder by dragons not two weeks afterwards. You are plagued by visions of the Pyrah, the moment that Thordak must have torn through and the havoc that was wreaked afterward. Both of you can't help but think back to when you first returned to Byroden and seeing the smoldering ruin that you now know to be the work of the Cinder King 15 years before, and those words about wondering if that was the last thing your mother saw. Grog, you want that skull. (laughter) Yes. Yeah. So if you used eight of your hit dice, you are only going to get back, at level 12, six hit dice. So, it is a gradual declining resource. Hasn't come up too much beforehand, but I want to make sure you guys were aware of that. Anyway, as you come to in the morning, you can smell-- you're used to Laina cooking a very nice breakfast. You smell food being cooked, but it's much more basic for the masses. As you eventually groggily find your way downstairs, pardon the pun, you can see there is essentially a gruel pot and there is a soup line and food is being served best to their capabilities to the people that have taken refuge in Greyskull Keep. You are welcome to do as you please. The tunnel, actually-- So, the tunnel has been installed to the back of the kitchen. There is a large pantry there and the tunnel is a trap door that is currently set by the very, very back of the pantry. Actually, not too dissimilar from the entrance to the Clasp in the Diamond Nest Inn. However, it's much smaller and is a small single-person tunnel. You have to go single-file and it's not very tall. Grog, you are going to have to almost crawl through at your height and everyone else would have to hunch down, except for you and Pike are fine. You guys are tiny enough. It's about a gnome-sized tunnel. And as you guys go into the pantry, Laina is like, "Oh, don't-- I'm trying-- where's everyone going?" and sees you all clown-car into the pantry. Okay, Jarett is currently outside of the keep in the main courtyard area, crossbow at the ready, keeping his eyes to the sky, mostly looking off in the direction of Emon. He takes it and throws it in the air and catches it. "I appreciate that. I take great pride "in my work and I assure you, I would sooner die than let this place fall." As you pass him the 100 gold, he puts his hand up and actually pushes your hand away and says, "I appreciate the sentiment, but you've already done too much. You hired me for a reason. "I'm doing my job, but your generosity is noted." His hair is really short. Okay. All right. Some of that Marquet-- (laughter) -- and that Ank'Harel caramel skin. Jarett's a hottie. So, as you guys make your way through the tunnel, and it's a long, very simple tunnel. The construction is solid. You don't feel as you walk through that any of it is in worry of collapse. There has been no sufficient seismic activity or impact above ground to warrant that directly above the tunnel. And you continue to trudge ahead and it's pitch black. Those of you with darkvision probably take the forefront. So, you guys, all of you have low-light, darkvision. You're fine and Percy is the only one who needs the aid in this. But as you continue forward for a good 25, 30 minutes or so, the tunnel comes to a small stop and there's a very simple rope ladder that leads upward. Who's going up first? The ladder goes up and goes into a small wooden slat. It's not even a door. It's almost like a wood pallet. Okay, you go up. Roll a stealth check. All right, good to know. So, as you get up to the top, you feel the wooden slats on top and as you push, there's not any weight to them. They give way immediately, and as you push it aside, you can see you're inside a small wooden structure. It is enclosed and a little bit of the morning light is peeking through the space between the slats of wood. Looking about the general size and height, it appears to almost be an outhouse structure, but there is no actual outhouse here or, at least where there once was, has recently been converted to the exit of your tunnel. There is a door that leads out. Okay. There is a chain on the outside of the door that keeps it shut with a big, thick lock at the bottom. I'd say, yes, with your experience and your lithe form, you manage to just eke it through and you can get your wrist past, but anything beyond-- And with that double joint you get that close. So, yeah, you can reach it. Yeah. Okay, go ahead and roll. This is a difficult maneuver, even with your experience. Given that you can't actually see the front of the lock, you're having to literally feel your way through it. (laughs) 30? With a single moment, you, actually feeling with one thumb, you're feeling the vibration of each tumbler on the inside of the lock and as each one progressively clicks, you eventually get to the fourth one before (tink) and it hangs open loosely, within a matter of 40 seconds. You wish other people would have seen that happen because that was pretty, pretty cool maneuver. But you know, at least. He's so modest. Oh no, we lost Ashley! We lost an Ashley. As you all climb back up-- Okay, gotcha. Okay, good. So-- Which, for the record, Trinket going through this tunnel looks like the cleaner in Labyrinth. It fills the entire tunnel. He's like (bear noises) having to pull his way through. What does Beast Sense do? You can do that with Trinket regardless. If beast sense is a concentration, then no. You will lose one to do the other. Yeah, and Beast Sense is concentration. Yes, it is. So one or the other. Or you can become one yourself. What are you doing? You can. As the rest of the party climbs their way up, during Vex and Keyleth's bickering over what form Trinket should take, Trinket, if you've ever seen a bear roll its eyes before, this is the moment. As it fills the entire tunnel it goes (bear noises), with a kill-me-now expression. Eventually, you decide on a red panda. The mystical red panda from Wildemount. You extend your hand and Trinket's form shrinks into this small, temporarily elevated red panda, and falls to the ground. He does and wraps around your neck like the foxtail you already have there. You guys climb up and as you emerge, you see now, you're at the very, very back of an alleyway that is buttressed against the inside of the outer wall. So you're inside the city. You're in this small, very, very well-out-of-the-way alleyway, this back alley that ends at your outhouse, as well as a secondary one next to you that appears to be functional, based on the smell. And there is trash and junk back here. It's definitely one of the forgotten corners of Emon. Abdar's Promenade, to the northeastern-- All right. Everyone roll stealth, please. Ashley, stealth for you as well with disadvantage, but you add ten. Still there, Ashley? All right, so, call back, and you guys, stealth checks? All right. Okay, there we go, and 19 with the plus ten? Okay, all right. There we go. Hi, Ashley. Okay, so you guys step out of this alleyway and the first thing that catches you is the visual. Okay, so you chained it back and put the lock back on. As you step back out into the center of the first road you come across, the crossroads to this alleyway, you look up and can see there are, even through the night, a good two dozen streams of smoke billowing out from different parts of the city, where, throughout the entire evening, there has been buildings burning, crumbling, or fires of indeterminate origin throughout the city that are still spreading. There's the perpetual smell of smoke and dust in the air, and you can see every now and then, the wind will blow a bit and a little bit of ash will be thrown up in the air and come to rest. Much of what you see around you is intact, the buildings directly around you on this side, everything seems intact, though there's very little signs of life on this immediate corner. It looks like either everyone is inside or this part of the city has been abandoned or people are keeping out of the streets at this point. So, what do you guys want to do? Okay. All right. You guys coast along the wall, to the very southward side, trudging up across the main gate, which as you can see now-- there's normally a very heavy guard presence on the south gate to Emon. The gate is currently partially opened and you can see a bunch of the guards as well as a number of individuals in the city currently frozen in place in the midst of a sudden bit of chaos. You can see the guards with shields and pikes at the ready, screaming and looking up into the sky, their final moment trapped now in that frozen horrifying visage. You see people running, trying to make their way out of the gate, and couldn't quite get past in time and the gate itself has a large sheet of ice that is frozen against it that's slowly thawing. You can see the ground around them is turning muddy with all the moisture that's slowly melting away as the day progresses. You can certainly check and inquire. Okay. So you go up and reach out and cast Cure Wounds on one of the frozen bodies, and your hands touch it and you can feel the ice because it's still very cold to the touch, though it's damp and the moisture is gathering and dripping down off certain elbows and portions of the body that are the lowest. You complete the spell and feel the warmth of the cure spell extend past your fingers with no sign of reaction or life within the body. This poor woman, apron on, looking over her shoulder running, holding what little belongings she had, is there, her final moment captured as she stares off in the direction of where you assume Vorugal swooped towards the south gate, before making their way towards Greyskull Keep the night before. As you guys tread across the main thoroughfare, and it's the one point where you are inescapably out in the open, and as you're taking a moment touching the corpse of this woman frozen in place, Vex, you catch out the corner of your eye what appears to be a figure stepping towards you in the center of the street. As you notify the rest of the group, you guys look over and you can see now, stepping from one of the alleyways, there is a humanoid figure walking through the road, cloak draped behind in the back, hood up, wide shoulders, and is not seemingly making any attempt to be unseen or really hiding their presence. This is someone who is beelining for your group in this moment. Yes. Heading right towards you. Okay. The figure stops for a moment and pulls the hood back, and you can see now, revealed, a-- looking humanoid but the features are more intense and thick. A very square jaw. The skin has a slight grayish-green tint to it. What looks like one tooth underneath, and this is a half-orc individual. Wearing a black cloak and very simple studded leather armor. If our guest would like to step on to the stage. So, just to let you guys know, we have a guest joining us this evening. The illustrious and talented Jason Charles Miller, who is an-- Between you guys right there. Yeah, there you go. Jason is going to join us for this evening of gameplay. Okay, well, get low for a moment, so I can introduce you. So you can say hey! This is Jason. Jason is a voice actor, actually the voice of Drizzt Do'Urden right now, if you know who-- Yeah, so that's pretty awesome. As well as the writer of our theme song, our Critical Role theme song, which we are working on a new intro right now. And in the near future we will have that for you guys. Yes, you can. We will have that coming out soon but yes, so Jason, thanks for joining us tonight. We'll give you the full, whole-- at end the show, but nonetheless the half-orc approaches, lowers his hood. Okay, go for it. So as the orc lowers his hood, he begins to-- And whispers to the two of them. So suddenly the orc begins to utter a series of strange sounds like double talk and gibberish. All right, and you, knowing Thieves' Cant, pick up the details. So you can let her know as well. The rest of you see this orc speaking nonsense and a very brief reaction from the twins. Which you have. As you walked through the city, you have noticed there are many survivors of the town. A lot of them have kept inside, but there are a number that are actually running through and looting the town. He reveals the back of the cloak and you do indeed see the brand of the Clasp. The same one you carry between the shoulder blades. There are certain tunnels that traverse underneath Emon, specifically amongst the Clasp. However, two of the locations to the south of the city, one in the Graveyard District and one in the Temple District, which you guys are adjacent to right now, those are the two that immediately come to mind. The Temple one that you are nearby seeking has been completely demolished and is unusable. There's one to the Graveyard District. There's one north of Abdar's Promenade that could possibly be of use to you. Those are the only ones that come to mind that are nearby. You are out in the open right now. How do you intend to do this? Okay. It will take you, at the rate at which it moves earth, it will take you probably a good hour to two hours to-- To get to any sort of system that he may be referring to. All right, so, Garthok, I'm going to have you roll a stealth check to move alongside the rest of the group. No, he arrived after the spell was cast, but as you guys move forward, he also dives into the shadows in a very similar way that you've seen Vax do before. This orc definitely understands the resources of light and the absence of it. (laughs) He's hitting you all up in the shoulders for change. All right, so-- So, as you guys push forward, staying towards the outskirts of the city, you do come across, on the outer area of the Temple District, a humble neighborhood that has been completely reduced to cinders and ash. There is probably a good eight to ten buildings that are piles of black, still burning wood, dust, and broken stone. You can see on the outskirts of some of these piles of rubble, bodies lying in the street, the skin charred black and cracked as the face and arms are curled up in the final moments of agony. You avert your gaze and continue pressing onward and you can see now, many of these large temples in the center of the city, you can see folks gathered to them and clustered on the inside, you can hear people shouting and folks trying to deal with this current circumstance befalling the town. You continue to move out of the sight of those clusters of survivors that are going to their various deities for aid and comfort. You push further towards the center of the Temple District. You do catch out of the left the sound of breaking glass, specifically to you, Vex, in the distance. As you glance over and look, you can see four individuals climb out of a window with sacks over their shoulders. They all gesture to each other and go running off northward, deeper into the city, carrying whatever goods they managed to acquire from the interior. And as you progress, you do notice a lot of windows have been broken. You don't know if from the inside or outside. Some may have been from the impact of the attack, some may have been from individuals that have been moving from building to building. It's hard to say at this point, there's such disarray around you. As you skirt along the very far end of the Temple District, you see a portion of the neighborhood now is in itself encased in ice, like the individuals you saw at the south gate. This is another area where Vorugal made its way through, and you can see another array of icy coffins of other individuals who were trying to escape but were locked in place. You can see a small group of living Emon residents that are currently gathering the dead and trying to take them out of the open and possibly give them a proper burial, whether it be people they know or not, but there is a look on each of their faces of desolate acceptance of what is happening and trying to process this-- Okay. The clouds are beginning to gather up over the sky as you continue forward and the little bit of sunshine that came through this morning is now covered in coming rain clouds. Which may be a boon to those buildings that still burn and possibly an annoyance to a giant, fire-based red dragon in the center of the city but, nevertheless, the weather is quickly shifting. As you begin pushing into Abdar's Promenade, you can see the central bazaar before you, the memory of it, this sprawling landscape of multicolored tents and carts and what was this bustling marketplace is all closed down and a portion of it appears to have been torn through. You can see broken bits of wood and wagon wheels tossed asunder like, apparently, one of these dragons may have smashed into the center and let loose its fury. You can see spatters of blood across elements of the ground, but no sign of a body, as there are a few groups going around, trying to gather what they can, but the place is also picked clean. You notice a lot of these tents and carts are empty of any real valuables. You are uncertain whether or not the proprietors took it themselves or they have been picked clean by looters. You begin to approach, with a very, very nervous heart, the corner of the bazaar that leads to Gilmore's place. As you approach, the nervousness is met with the visual of a large stack of black smoke that rises from that direction. As you push through with increased haste towards that area of the bazaar, you see Gilmore's Glorious Goods, as well as two other adjacent buildings, completely destroyed. Piles of rubble and what looks to be a group of about ten individuals that are currently picking through the rubble and gathering what they can, moving over wood and brick. As you do that, all of them turn over, looks and one says, "Hey, get your own shit, all right?" He stops and looks about the other one. The other guys looking over their shoulders and, "Look, we're all just trying to stay alive here, okay?" "You've had a shitty day?" "Well, let's make it all sorts more shitty," And he pulls a shortsword from his side and all the rest of them pull their blades out and they say, "Look, we saw this first. We're going to "bring it to him and save ourselves." They all, with their weapons out, tense their shoulders and say, "There's only one way we "are going to survive this." (laughs) "Honey, we've already picked plenty clean from this pile. This is our third time back." "You know what, I think I stand a better chance against the lot of you than with that thing." Make a persuasion check. It's a little late for that. Okay. You can see as he's holding his shortsword to the side, goes, "You know, you may "be stupid, but there are other stupid things in this town, like walking in the middle of an "ambush, dear." At which point, a dagger comes past-- I know. You instinctually move your head out the way as it (whoosh) past you as you see another individual that was keeping low to the rubble flung a dagger at you, and the rest of them pull their weapons ready and are about to enter a fray. I need everyone to roll initiative. All right, so, placement, guys. Where would you like to be on this one? And Vex, you're up here? You were up in their face right here. Jason is-- Garthok, where do you want to be? All right, we'll put you over here, in the middle of the group being watched. The rest of these thugs are all currently sitting over in this rubble. All right. So, I would like-- Yeah, there you go, that'd be perfect. All right, so, initiatives 25 to 20 or higher? Percy. 20 to 15? Keyleth. All right, 15 to ten? What do we got? All right, so we got-- And then 12 and 12. All righty. And is Pike not able to-- I'll roll for her. (laughs) Pike's going last. I figure she probably would have rolled last anyways, so Pike is last. Gotcha! Okay, no worries. Top of the round. Vex, since you are the one who got the first attack and immediately reacting to it. You're up. What are you doing? Okay. Okay, so, Conjure Barrage is your action, so that's your full thing. So, at which direction are you doing it? Okay, you probably need to move this way or else you're going to hit your brother as well. That's your brother right there. That's a 60 foot? Yeah, right there. So all four of them are affected. Great. Yeah. Until she breaks concentration. Conjure Barrage, you roll damage and they get to save. Yeah. It's just 15, and then you add 1d6 for the one dude for Hunter's Mark. Technically-- You know what, sure. Because it is technically a ranged attack. I'll let it happen, sure. On that guy? Okay, what's your DC of your spells? Okay. You don't have to roll to attack. This just happens and they have to try and save to get out of the way. Cool. All right so, that's 17 damage to-- those two take half there. All right. Cool. All right so, as you release this spraying torrent of arrows down the way. It fires outward. All of them all of a sudden have to put their arms up to instinctually defend themselves with arrows piercing bits of their armor and ricochet off. It's not horribly damaging, but enough to sweep into all of them and they all immediately look up angrily at each other, weapons at the ready to go ahead and get vengeance. Okay. Right there. All righty, Percy, you're up next. Oh man. All righty. This way? As you are moving you're like (gunshots). Okay. Go for it. 14 hits. Yeah, roll three shots. That hits. Yeah, so go ahead and roll damage for all three shots, and an additional 1d6 to each shot. All righty. All right so, as you go running by (gunshots) each shot as it impacts, the guy who's already dealing with the array of arrows in his chest, each shot that blows across his shoulders is followed by a plume of black-purple smoke that blasts off each impact until it leaves a hole off this shoulder. This actually blows this arm off from the impact. And the third one just destroys the upper part of his head and he slinks back onto the rubble. (laughs) All right, you have to use a bonus action to mark a new creature. Both you guys do. So those will be-- Those move over when-- (gunshot impact) He is blown off the map essentially. If the target drops to zero hit points, you can use a bonus action on subsequent turns of yours to mark a new creature. I know. All right, it's their turn now. So, out the side, after that final shot, you hear a little guttural grunt off to your left as you see this dwarf with a giant hammer come rushing up. "You! "How dare you!" And comes swinging off towards your direction there, off to the side. These guys here are going to move in. Both of these are going to run up to Grog, being the larger there. That guy comes up to Keyleth. These two come rushing around. Yep. No, you didn't. That guy can only get that far, so he's going to go ahead and throw. All right, so-- Indeed. All right, so, first and foremost, the dwarf comes up against you, Percy. That's going to be an 18 to hit. So it hits, yeah. And it's going to hit you again this time. That's going to be 15, so only-- Okay. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage from the smack of the mace. All right. Two guys against Grog now, their maces out as well. Because they have pack tactics, they both have advantage on attacks against you. So with that, that's a 19. Hits. And the other one, with advantage, is a natural 20. You're not raging yet, so you take full damage. All right, ten points of bludgeoning damage on the first hit. And the second one, that's going to be 15 points of bludgeoning damage. So a total of 25 points of bludgeoning damage as both of them whack you with maces from each side, with the first round of attacks. Now the second round of attacks, because they attack twice. With advantage. That's a 21, which hits. And a 15. So you then take seven points of bludgeoning damage after that. Cool. So that's two. There's one against you, Vax. He doesn't get advantage against you. He rolls a 17. Oh yeah, because you get bonus AC. Right. Okay, cool. Good to know. All right, so then leading up to that, there's one against you, Keyleth. That's going to be a 14 and a natural 20. That is going to be 15 points of bludgeoning damage against you. Whack! As the mace swings past and catches you right across the chin, the impact causes your head to snap for a second. A very minor moment of whiplash, as you look back and feel the blood trickling down. Yeah, and then there's two against you, Vex. Which both get advantage because of pack tactics. 13, even with advantage. The second attack is 23, and the other one does two attacks, 22 and 17. 17 doesn't hit? Okay, so that's three attacks on you that hit. Oh, two attacks. You take nine points of bludgeoning damage and six points of bludgeoning damage. And the one that's over here, there's nobody immediately around for it pull its mace out. Instead, he pulls out his heavy crossbow, lines up, and aims at you, Scanlan. Yep. And that is 21 to hit. You then suffer ten points of piercing damage as the heavy crossbow bolt sinks itself into your shoulder and the armor takes the brunt of it but you can still feel the pain of it piercing just about an inch through. That ends their go. Next up, we have Keyleth. All righty. Okay. So, the minute you do that, the Polymorph fades and Trinket turns into a full bear. You can, but know wherever the bolt hits, it's everything in a five-foot area. So you can hit the bolt behind him-- You want to take it? All right. So, as you put your hands up, the clouds that are already forming from the storm-- Yeah. They begin to grow darker and directly above you and as you bring your hands up, your flames slowly drifting off your fingertips, you bring your hand down, and as you do, a bolt of lightning comes streaking out of the sky, blasting right into the guy in front of you. Go ahead and roll damage. You get an additional d10, yes. 4d10 lightning damage. I'll say no, that's more-- No, that would be a different attack, unfortunately. You're holding him and the flames are licking up into his face. So it's a scary visual. 25 points of damage. He did not make the save, I believe. Rolled a 15. What's your DC on that spell? Yeah. So the bolt comes down and I need you to go ahead and make a save against your own spell. Okay, so you also take that damage. But it was cool. As the guy's looking, reeling from the impact of the blast, he pulls away, smoke coming off his chest. He gets his mace ready as he looks up and sees you change into this giant white sabretooth tiger with these claws-- Yeah, it just got somehow weirder. All right. That ends Keyleh's turn. Garthok, you're up. Over here? You have laser pointers at the table. Oh, right here? Got you, okay. So you rush up to there. Yeah, if you hit, you hit with the sneak attack. So as you rush out very quickly, you see he pulls out a spear, like a short spear, but it's curved kris-like at the blade and it's smaller than most short spears you've seen. It's a custom piece of work. And he slides up and attempts to jam it into the thug in front of you. LIAM and 15 hits. Go ahead and roll damage and sneak attack damage. Just add it all together and then add your modifier at the end. Grog, you're on deck, so be ready. This was the night Marisha took somebody's eyes out. 28 points of damage. Nice! All righty. So, as the spear easily pierces past armor and you can see the haggard-looking woman then looks over and the spear itself is stuck in her midsection. As you withdraw it, you can see a gout of blood pour out afterward of the wound itself, leaving behind a pretty nasty-- Orc jaw quivers, the teeth exposed. Okay, is that your turn? Okay, you still have a bonus action if you wanted to disengage. If you use disengage and then move past. You moved three spaces. You can disengage and move back four more spaces if you want to, with your speed. Your call. Or you can stay there and lock him in place. Okay, cool. Grog, you're up. All righty. At which point, the blood touching the blade, it curves down the obsidian and then sinks into the actual weapon. It doesn't even have a moment to drip before the blade seems to absorb the blood that you put on it. Well, it's a bonus action to rage, so you get two attacks this turn. Yeah. Reckless attack it up, man. That hits. These are Great Weapon Master? 11 still hits. These guys aren't very well-armored. Okay. Okay. Both against the same individual? Makes the first save with a 19. Fails the second one. So the first strike streaks across. You can see it cuts a huge gash across the upper body as the burly-looking looter glances back at you (heavy breathing). Brings up a shortsword and is about to go in for the pierce, at which point you kick her away from you about a foot and draw the blade around, and this time you run the blade right into her torso, piercing her through. As she looks up at you, you can see her skin go pale as her strength is drawn into the blade. You get to add a point to your strength. That lasts until your next short rest. So yeah, your strength's now 18, so add plus one to your attack damage going forward. Yeah. To hit and damage with your attacks. But you pull the blade out and she crumples to the ground. You very much can. You can see the visual of this presentation seems to have shaken their resolve, though not enough to the point where they're backing down yet. The desperation kicks in. All right, that ends your turn, Grog? You're staying there? All right. Scanlan, you're up. Correct. (laughs) Okay! That is a failed save and a half. We'll say for the purposes of that, we'll use the blue one. So, yeah. As a bonus action each turn, you can basically tell him what to do. The dwarf's face goes limp and drops the mace on the ground and looks over towards you, the eyes glazed over, and goes, "Certainly, Master. It would be my pleasure." And begins to rifle through the pockets. Okay. You want to move anywhere or you staying where you are? All right. Vax, you're up. Hits. All righty. That hits. So wait, this is with your-- did you click your Boots of Haste on this? You get two attacks, but you used your bonus action to disengage, which would've been your second attack, so you wouldn't get-- Okay. So you move over there? Okay, right there? All right. You're still in combat with that person. Great, so you guys are like back-to-back right now, looking around. Pike, your turn! To which one? Crossbow, uh. You're about 20, 30 feet from him. All right. 2nd-level Guiding Bolt. All righty. So what'd you roll to hit? With your spell attack modifier? 14 hits. That hits, so go ahead and roll 5d6 radiant damage on him. 21, nice! So as you rush forward, keeping your mace to the side, you put the shield down and the holy symbol itself drifts off you for a moment and you focus for a second and without having to put your hands on it, a beam of divine energy bursts forward, slamming into the crossbow-wielding individual and seems to surround their torso, causing them to glow like a giant beacon that says hit me! They look down at this tiny armored gnome that knocked half their life out of their body with a bit of confusion, worry, and respect in a weird way. Well done, gnome. Okay, does that end your turn? Uh. As a bonus action, I'll let you do that, sure. All right, go ahead and roll an intimidate check. 11. As you shout, the individual gives you a keen look and almost chuckles to himself, going, (laughs) "Silly gnome." Puts the crossbow up, aiming it right towards between the eyes. All right, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. Burst, yes. You can, you could, I'd say. You're at disadvantage already because you're in melee with two individuals, so all your attacks are at disadvantage right now. You can try and move away. They would attack you. Okay, so you jump back that way. All right, that's two of them get swings at you. That's a natural two, so no. That is a natural eight, so 13, so misses you. Right there? All right, go for it. That hits. Correct. All right. And it's 3d10 against the first one. Nine? All righty. No, you then roll a d10 and they have to make a dex saving throw to try and not get damage, so roll a d10. They all fail, so did more damage to the guys around him than the actual-- You've done a bonus and an action. Oh, I see, so your attack second, third, and you get your one attack as part of the attack action. Okay, so move up now and do it to that-- Okay, this guy right there? Or that? This one? All right. Go for it. So, as the bear that just appeared now rears back, you fire an arrow that explodes into a burst of sharpened wooden bits. As they all reel from the impact, the bear (roars) and Trinket rushes forward on his giant paws, releasing a torrent of claw strikes against one of the unsuspecting thugs. 14 hits. Correct. You get two attacks with Trinket, by the way. Because Trinket attacks twice when he does Bestial-- 11 damage. Okay. So Trinket runs forward and one claw tears the face off, jaw unhinged. The friend at the side looks horrified as Trinket then bears down with the secondary claw and takes the remainder of the head off the shoulders. Power in those claws. All right. That ends your turn? Percy, you're up. The crossbow? Yeah. Okay. Are you putting your Hex on him? Okay, bonus action to do that. Go for it. The pistol? One. No, the pistol's the most basic one. It's one. But you rebuilt it, though. To not be that terrible. So now it's fine, it's normal. Yeah. Before you reconstructed it to try and fix the mistake and remove that additional attachment, it would have been one. Ten misses, unfortunately. Oh, there's the Guiding Bolt, right? It's all right. Yeah, missed the Guiding Bolt, so you have advantage on that attack, I'm pretty sure. So that one fires and now you're out of bullets. Okay, so your second and third attack. Go for it. You have advantage. I think you do, hold on, let me see. Hold on, hold on. Next attack, no, it does not have advantage. So that misses as well, probably. So! War God's Blessing? Okay, so it now becomes a 20. So War God's Blessing is one of her cleric abilities, since she chose the war domain after going to sea for a while. The specifics of it, just so you guys are aware of it, and why it's so useful-- She can basically, as a reaction, grant plus ten to an attack roll. So go ahead and roll damage now. So, as you're about to aim, Pike looks over and sees you about to take the shot and concentrates for a moment and the front of your barrel begins to glow with divine light as you fire. The bullet itself actually is white-hot as it leaves the barrel. I know. Okay. The impact of the divine enchanted bullet hits the current dark-energy-hexed individual and in the blast of light versus dark the upper torso of the thug is incinerated. It is ash. The waist below visible as it slumps over, no longer visible. There? Okay. All right. It's now their turn. The dwarf now moves over, goes, "Of course." And begins taking all of its weapons and throws its mace down and puts its crossbow at your feet, spends its entire turn emptying its pouch and handing you what gold and gems and things it gathered. And giving you everything with a big dwarvish smile underneath its crusty beard. This one's going to attack Keyleth. So, the one attacking Keyleth. This is the one attacking you, Keyleth. It saw you transform into Minxie. That's going to be, what's your AC? It should be in your ability, your Wild Shape ability. I'm pretty sure you take it as the creature. 11, that hits. Just making sure that's the case right now, real fast as we go over to this point. Correct. Yeah, you gain the AC of the creature as well. All right, so. 12 is the AC? First one misses, second one hits. It rolled 11 on the first attack. So, you do take 11 points of bludgeoning damage as the mace swings out and smacks into the side of your shoulder. You feel the impact, but it's nothing too harsh. There are two of them now that are trying to go against Grog, being the angry one that just bisected their ally. They have advantage on you because they are both pack tactics. The first attack is a 23. Second one is a natural 20. Third attack, with advantage, is 15. Misses. And the fourth and final one is a 17. So a hit and a natural 20. Okay, so that is nine reduced to five against you. And then 12 reduced to six, so you take 11 points of bludgeoning damage between the two of them trying to beat on this furious angry goliath individual. And then there's one over here that's attacking Trinket now that's right in front. Yeah, and in doing so swings out with a 13. I'm pretty sure misses Trinket's AC. He swings out, shaken by what it just saw happen to its friend and then takes that anger and turns around, rolling a 23, which I'm pretty sure hits. The mace slams into the side of Trinket's armor with a resounding (loud impact), the actual echo of the metal impact audible in the immediate vicinity, dealing a total of seven points of bludgeoning damage to Trinket. Yep, so that would make it four. All right, that ends their turn. Keyleth, you're up. Right there? Second bolt of lightning strikes the ground behind the guy in front of you. He rolled a 20, so he did make his save I'm pretty sure against you. Roll 4d10. He takes half-damage. Ten points of damage. Uh, you have to use your action to pull the bolt down, though? It should say on the spell. I'll double-check. Call Lightning, uh. On each of your turns, you can use your action to call it down, so yeah. A bolt is what you got. Okay. However, the individual now is twice hit by lightning and is looking extremely rough and barely standing on his two feet. Is that your turn? Okay, Garthok, you're up. Okay. Yeah, he's currently distracted between you and Trinket. Roll to hit first. 13 does hit. (cheering) 20 points. All right. So you take the spear and jam it into the abdomen of this looter here who, the sheer force of it from the strength as your muscles push in lifts him and slams him against the wall, you've partially pinned him against the stonework there. He reaches over and slams down on your hand repeatedly until eventually you withdraw and leave him back on his feet. He's looking rough, but he's definitely still holding his own. Is that--? Well, you can use a bonus action to fire with your hand crossbow at him if you want to. All right. It's at disadvantage because you are in melee with him, so go ahead and roll twice and take the lower of the two. 11 just hits. (cheering) Six points of damage. As you pull the spear out, you reach to your side and over-the-arm pull the hand crossbow out and fire. It goes right into his left eye socket. (cheering) All right, that ends your turn. Grog, you're up. (laughs) Okay, all three? Go for it. Hits. Yeah, roll again. You never know. Which, as a note, at your level when you crit you do two additional dice on top of it. So you roll, double it, and then do two additional dice as one of your barbarian-- For this last level 13, you get two now. Extra attack, okay. (laughs) Okay, so first, hold on, first roll damage for the first attack against this one. Right. Roll damage on the first one. 28, which fails save, you get another plus one to your strength. Exactly. Second attack, which is the critical. So, roll the dice, double that, add your modifier, and then add 2d12 to that. And failed the save again. That's another plus one to your strength. Yeah. So as you, the first two attacks, whoosh, cut off the right arm of that individual, and using that momentum, you bring it around and bisect him in the midsection. As that happens, you can see the blood turns from red to black as the blade drinks it up and you feel your muscles pulse with energy. Just falls back on the ground. The third one, I'll say because you killed him the third crit goes to the next guy, so go ahead and roll damage on that. Okay. And now you get your additional attack because of the Great Weapon Master. With advantage, because barbarians, man. Hits. When barbarians crit, man, things die. This is why relentless attack is so good with them. They take the penalty to their AC. 24 points of damage. Failed save. All right. It made the last one, all right. So there you go. So you get another plus one to your strength. However, this time you take the blade and the first attack you jam it into their abdomen like this. As they're looking at you, grasping at your shoulders, your eyes completely covered in bloodlust, the foam at the corner of your mouth, you then put all of your strength at the bottom of it and completely cut upward, the body splitting in half as it falls to the ground. (laughter) All right, Scanlan, you're up. There's one guy over here by Keyleth who currently hasn't even noticed what's going on because he got hit with lightning twice and is being attacked by a giant tiger. Okay, roll intimidation check. And yet the conviction behind the words-- the heart behind each stuttered moment of that sentence-- If you want to, go for it. Which, right where the guitar would go (high-pitched guitar), you hear the clanging of weapons to the ground as the other remaining thug looks around and sees the mess that you've made of all of his various compadres and immediately drops to the ground, hand over his head, going "I'm sorry! I'm sorry! I'm sorry!" "Certainly. Right away." See if he makes his save. He does not. So he then walks over and starts looting the corpses of his friends for you. (laughs) All right, so there's the one guy who's on the ground now, hands over his head. He's the only one left. Okay. Slowly the rain begins to hit as the storm finally starts coming down, elevated by the druid spells that brought the moisture to gather over this section. You walk over to him. This would be more of an investigation check. As you begin to pore over the rubble yourself to gather it-- Okay. All righty. So you walk over, so as she's investigating it, you go ahead and you walk over to him. Okay. Garthok, you doing anything? Okay, so the half-orc saunters up next to the tiger and you guys disappear around the corner of one of the nearby buildings. Okay. All right, you lead him and you slam him up against the wall. Whack, you take him off the side of the head and he crumples into a pile there in the alley. Okay. Who is currently looting the bodies. As you are going through the rubble, you can see a lot of the rubble has been moved over, and you see remnants of shattered glass cases and shelves and a lot of the things that you had previously seen within Gilmore's Glorious Goods, largely picked over and left behind. Many books lie tattered and burned and destroyed as part of the attack. You get the sense here that most anything that was of use or worth has been taken already and what the people here were gathering, they mentioned this was their third time back, they were basically picking up what remnants they could, which were pieces of broken objects, elements of gold that were left behind, but most of the contents of the store have been ransacked and taken. Yes, actually. And as you guys go toward the beaded curtain, it's torn apart and under a big piece of rock. You push aside and, with the help of Grog and a few other individuals, you guys move some of the rocks out of the way to where the bedroom is, and it's completely destroyed. There's no sign of Gilmore or anybody else here, and as the rain's starting to come down a little heavier, you all get that sense of horror washing over you. Vex, you notice, looking underneath where the shattered remains of the foot of his bed are, there is a smooth piece of stone with a handle. Okay. I mean, you could technically detect traps whenever you wanted to try. You have to have sight for it. If you want to, go ahead and make a perception check. 26. You take a moment to inspect it. You follow the edge, and yes, it is indeed a false door made of this stone tile that comprises the floor of the room, and it is a hatch. It is not trapped. Okay. The dwarf comes running up with you guys as well, still-- He comes up with all the various coin purses which, interestingly enough, are mostly empty other than a few copper. It seems like whatever they've stolen is not on them currently. "Aye." "The dragon." "As long as we give him what's important and what's worth, he'll keep us alive. Even protect us." "To the center of town. Which I've never been before, the Cloudtop itself. What stands is "very pretty." "Aye." "There's lines, folks lined up bringing all they have to him." "Well, we've put it all in a place so that then we can take it to him." "All right." And he turns around and starts walking away. "Certainly." At which point, he turns around going, "Ugh." You know what, go ahead and roll an attack. It's going to be surprise because he currently is not aware of the situation, so it's auto-crit. Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll. Did you double that from the surprise? Because he wasn't even prepared. It's enough, if you double it. As long as you're over 40, he's down. Yeah, so. He goes out. A little dwarven pile. He's out. Okay. Okay, so you guys take a moment to go ahead and-- Little bow, little dwarven bow? Okay. You find a large piece of broken stone that was part of the building's base floor structure and you tie it around in multiple ways where he's going to have a hard time getting out, especially in his current mindspace when he comes to consciousness. The rain's still pouring down. He's soaked. All right. You guys gather around the hidden hatch in the floor of Gilmore's room, and we're going to go ahead and take a quick bathroom break. (laughs) A quick one. We'll take a few minutes, get right back into this because we do have Critmas tonight. We want to make sure we get as much done before we have to leave. So let's do this. See you guys in a minute. [break] You are our giveaway winner. I love you, Internet, for allowing me to say these sentences. It's a wonderful experience. Also, I want to give a shout-out to a friend of the show who's been helping stream on their end as well, hosting us on their channel, and we've had a good back-and-forth. "Rated E with Elspeth" has been a really awesome supporter of the show. Go check her out, give her a follow if you have the opportunity. Thank you very much, by the way, for helping support us. So, yay! All right, so! Getting back in here. As the rain now continues to pour down from above the open, clouded sky of Emon, you reach down and pull open the false latch on top of this open, hidden compartment beneath the remnants of Gilmore's room. You look down into a dark, low-lit interior, and what appears to be a figure who rushes up very, very quickly and stops. And you hear a voice from within the darkness, just out of view from your position, that says, "Whoever you are, leave! Run away or I swear I'll "kill you!" You look down and it doesn't appear to be Sherri. It's a woman, frazzled hair. You can't make out the details of her expression, but she's holding this blade in front. Looks past her shoulder. "Sherri?" Okay. As you guys all head down inside, this is a relatively small chamber, maybe 20 feet by 20 feet. There's a couple of small chairs, and there are a few metal rods that are bolted into the stonework leading down as a ladder that you can climb down. This is obviously a hidden compartment that Gilmore uses to go up and down. You get a better view now. It is Sherri there. Trinket, unfortunately, at this moment, cannot make his way down into this, so looks at you (bear grunts). Looks around-- (bear grunts) and sets into a defensive position now looking out at the rest. Gives a nod, and stands there in the pouring rain, soaking through Trinket. The armor ting-ting-ting-ting-ting, ting-ing off the armor. Staying there, keeping guard. As you all climb down, you notice next to Sherri a very frazzled and harrowed-looking-- the woman who was holding the dagger in front. Her clothing is very, very nice, though currently torn, and filthy. This is Empress Salda Tal'Dorei. Empress Salda Tal'Dorei, the wife of Uriel. She puts her blade away. She looks over her shoulder. "The children--" She puts her hand to the side and you can see in the back room, which, now you can see, there is a teleportation circle that is slowly lit on the bottom of the floor within this room. Salda. Salda. S-A-L-D-A. She looks over and you can see her three kids, Odessa, Illya, and Gren, two daughters and son, are all sitting in the corner, talking to each other. They look like how children deal in these type of situations. They're talking and playing games and trying to distract themselves. But as soon as you guys all walk in, they look over, quietly, and their faces brighten up at the arrival of somebody new, and they recognize you as you begin to step into the low light of the chamber. Salda then puts her hand down and says, "I don't believe my husband made "it. But we're alive." "No." And she looks over into the far corner. You can see, amongst the pile of rags and stuff, there is one long pile of dark, crushed velvet blue in the corner, with a small puddle of crimson under it. "He saved us." And, glancing over in the corner, you can now see the shape of Gilmore, slumped in the corner, arm draped over his midsection, head down to the side, in the center of that pool. You reach over and touch Gilmore's face, and it is cold with sweat, but it's feverish sweat. There is a very, very strong fever in his body, and there's beads of sweat down the face, and as you look down you can see where the arm is holding there is blood soaked into the robe. You can see parts of the robe right now are currently-- elements of it are burned and charred. You can see parts of it scraped away. Gilmore's looking pretty rough. Pike, what are you doing? No, unconscious. Unconscious, and looking-- You guys can both make medicine checks to try and put him in a position where he would be more susceptible to healing. Use the spell Heal? Okay. So you guys take a moment, you dress the wounds best you can, and put him in a position where Pike, as you bring forward, you grab your holy symbol, and clutching it between both your hands very tightly, you kneel down in front of the slowly fading body of Gilmore. You can see the shiver occasionally, instinctually in his unconsciousness, and you reach out and touch him, and as you do, the warm light of Sarenrae fills your torso, travels through your arms, and into the body of Gilmore. His arms fall to his side, limp, as the warmth swells up into the torso, and for a second, as the outside of the robe that you saw torn open opens up, you can see now the hideous gash that has currently torn through his abdomen. As the warmth spreads through the body, and the light visually shows the horrible, jagged nature of this wound, the wound stitches itself up and you can see it close, leaving but the tiniest of scar across. The blood itself all still caked into the material, but the wound is now closed. As you pull your hands back, you can see Gilmore's body, which has, from the sheer power of the Heal spell, has actually been elevated a few inches off the ground, and then clatters to the ground as the spell finishes, and you can see he shivers for a second, he curls over. (pained grunt) At this point, Sherri instinctively goes, "Is he all right? Is he all right?" She pulls out her glasses, puts them on. "Who's this one? What is he doing here?" "I'd like to know your name, orcish sir." She gives you a sideways glance. "Keep your distance. I don't trust you yet." And she turns back around towards Gilmore. As you're holding him there, the children at this point are very quiet and sitting at his foot as you all gather around this corner. A minute passes in silence. Another minute passes. His body is-- the stillness is maintained, but you can still feel the heartbeat, and you can feel the pulse of blood through the body from holding the shoulders. And then, from that silence, you hear, (weak coughing). And the mouth opens, and the eyes begin to loll open, and the irises begin to try and find some point of focus, and Gilmore slowly lolls the head back up and looks into your face and smiles, instinctually, little blood at the corner of his mouth, and he looks up at you. "Well. That's always what I assumed I'd see in my last moments." (chuckles) "Ah... strangely enough, I'm pretty sure I've had worse." (laughs) "We can't have that, can we?" (coughs) Lifts his hand and begins to try and cast a spell. You can see a bit of arcane Prestidigitation begin to try and muster, and he coughs, and the magic sputters and fades. "So, either we're all dead or we're all alive. I'd like an answer." "Good, I was hoping you'd say that. (relieved chuckle) I was so worried about you all. "I went back for you." "I'm sorry. When they attacked, my instinct was to grab the children. I got who I could, but "Uriel pushed me away. He was trying to get others out of the fray." "I didn't see him fall, but I went back, and I found him fallen." "What was left of it. I brought back Salda and the children. I brought back Asum, and that "abrasive dragon girl. I don't know where they are right now." And Salda chimes in and goes, "They both actually, they left. They went topsoil to try and find other "survivors. I told them not to, I told them to stay, but they're assumedly off in the city "somewhere, trying to make sense of all this." "Well. That's kind of you. That's good of you. That's probably one of the only safe places "in the city right now." (coughs) "Whatever your fine angel of Sarenrae did I think will hold me fine for now." And he smiles and gives a very, very half-hearted wink towards Pike. "Thank you." "Thank you dearly." "I could have saved more. I couldn't find you, I couldn't-- I looked." "Oh, no, I, you-- " "I figured you would be taking care of yourself. I went-- (chuckles) I went to the dragon "then, just in case you had decided to be your usual foolish selves and run into hell itself." "No. I'm glad you didn't. You may not be here." "Well." And he leans forward, and sits up out of your lap for a second to look at the rest of you. "There are quite a few dead, unfortunately. Brom Goldhand didn't make it. Most "of the guards are gone. Half, if not more, of the Cloudtop District. Killed by the poisonous fume "that took the entire area so suddenly." "From the initial dragon attack. We've been staying here for safety's sake. I don't know how "long I've been out. Could we perhaps make our way towards your place as well?" "I mean, there were many that were alive by the time I returned. They were all kneeling before "the beast. It's very interesting that when given the face of death before you how quickly folks are "willing to stay alive at whatever cost of morality and sense of society. I don't blame them. I mean, "what other alternative is there, but to stay alive and hope that others come and save them from this "burden?" (coughs) And he coughs up a little blood and wipes it from his chin. "I think it's more that he's very persuasive with his threat of how many did not fare this "attack. I did get a good look at him, before he-- well." "I did notice in his chest, where the scales of a dragon usually are uniform, there was an "obfuscation of sorts, there was something different about his armor. It was hard to make out "the details in how fast we had a duel. I've never dueled a dragon before! I've dueled a dragon now." (laughs) "No, I did not! I survived longer than I hoped, and got out when I could." "I didn't get a very good look, but it looked like there was a different material, "something smooth and jagged. Something that pulsed with power." "I didn't get a terribly good look, nor do I understand the nature of whatever it was, but--" "Does anyone have any water? I'm a bit parched." (chuckles) "I'm not going to lie, I'm quite touched by your concern, Grog. It's flattering." (grunts) And he starts trying to stand up, and as he does, Sherri rushes forward and grabs him. You get him up, and he's propping himself up. What little strength he has, he's keeping himself up, and keeping a smile through it all. Even in this weakened state, still trying to present the best of himself that he can. "All right." (laughs) "Oh, I wish I was. That would have made this whole endeavor a little easier on my part." "But if you find a way for me to become a dragon, that would be sexy." (laughter) "I take it you're one of these underlings?" "Ah." "Hello." (chuckles) "Good thing, because, well. I'm going to need it to renovate this place a little." (laughs, coughs) The one you're going towards? In the direction. It's a little bit past where you're going so you'd have to double back to the entrance, but it is totally a way to do it. Stealth checks from all those that are heading towards the well. The Clasp entrance is closer, the well is further, so you actually go past it. That's up to you guys. Okay. So, as you guys all find your way outside of the remnants of Gilmore's facility, the three children and Salda staying very close. She keeps the children like right at her sides with her arms around them, protectively. Sherri's at her side as well with her blade out just in case, and they're forming this circle around the remnants of the Tal'Dorei family. As those of you continue to push forward, before you disappear, Keyleth grabs and pulls you. Yeah. As Vax quite literally disappears from your sight after a few steps, vanishing into the shadow of the rubble. (laughs) Okay. Okay. I'll have you guys roll a stealth check as well. Okay. And you're heading with them to the-- The keep is southward. It's away from the entrance to the Clasp. As you guys divide, Garthok still stands there for a second looking back and forth, conflicted by this. Vex, you pick up on this as you're walking away. Plus ten. 24 for stealth. Yeah. Everyone is. Plus ten. Nice. Well-played. All right. So as you guys split off in the rain, occasionally you hear the slam of something heavy echoing in the distance from the Cloudtop and a guttural yell of frustration. Right. You're not sure what or why anything's happening, but twice during your journey northward for this, you hear a low growl or roar and there's a flash of fire from over the wall. You don't know what happened. As you guys push, darting through the alleys, for the team that's going for the entrance to the Clasp, you lead them into-- That would've been amazing. You lead them into a wine cellar that is locked over with a series of chains. You go forward and you know where there are two triggers for two traps that are part of that entrance. You go ahead and deftly disable both traps through hidden mechanisms. You go ahead and pull on one of the chains and it extends magically as you pull on it, almost infinite, or at least for a period of time. You find the right link, you activate it, keeping this all hidden to yourself, because this is what you're trained to do, and the chain disables itself or breaks into three different pieces. You then open up the two parts of this cellar, lead them down into a regular wine cellar. It's very dark. There's almost no light down there other than what's pouring in through this entrance. It looks like most of the wine bottles here have been taken out. It's empty other than a few small bottles that are set up in this vast criss-cross of wooden racks, and you go ahead and walk over to one of the barrels and lift up the top of a heavy, heavy whiskey barrel. Pulling off the top of the barrel, the barrel itself does not move as he's wrestling with it. As he does, he climbs into and stops for a second, looks around, and shows you guys that this barrel itself is actually a chute ladder that leads downward into a subterranean base. Okay. So, you guys, now knowing where the entrance is, you make your way back out. You close the cellar and make your way towards where this dwarf's general description of the well is. I want you to make an investigation check. All of you. Sorry, everybody in that group. But congratulations! You've had a Percy game today. You've had a lot of twenties. 11. So you guys take about 20 minutes, wandering the area unable to find really which destination this is, partially because a lot of the sections here are partially destroyed or at least are unfamiliar to you. You've not spent a lot of time in this northern area of Emon. Scanlan, you dart off for a second, seeing a similar crossroads between alleys, and you find a well that very much appears to be, and you know it's yours because there's a number of copper and gold coins that are scattered around the base of the well. Make a perception check. All right. You-- damn, guys. You glance about and nobody is here. Other than the sound of the rain that is still smashing down from outside, there doesn't appear to be any individual within visual range right now. Okay. No traps from what you can tell. As you look over the edge of the well, you can see where the dirt has been packed in and given a false, or a somewhat muddy bottom to the well, which once held water. And around the edges you can see where there are a couple of discarded shovels thrown to the side, and chunks of the earth that have been shoved in there to give it some sort of bottom. You also see there's maybe about 20, 30 or so haphazard coins in the bottom. Empty. Okay. You go ahead and move some of the dirt, and you find a couple more coins, a total of 35 gold it would be, really, that you get from it. (laughs) There are none around you, and you gather from the sheer immensity that is the Cinder King that if he were to come down here and retrieve this gold himself, most of the adjacent buildings and the well would be ruined. Sure. Make a wisdom survival check. 19. There are a number of footprints, actually. Relatively recent, that all-- Yeah, okay. So looking about, you see the tracks pushing northward. There's about four fresh sets of prints, fresher than the others you see around it. The trail of coins that follow that for about ten, 15 feet, you can tell that they were taken in haste. You gather by the way it's set up that perhaps somebody else had found this cache before you did. Yeah, they were still unconscious. Okay. You stealth ahead, and at this point, you follow the tracks that go to the road, and they're following the alleys as well, you can see from the way they're-- Okay. All right. Okay, and what do you two do? Okay. So Garthok, you step away from the group and head back to the Clasp. Roll a perception check. You have no clue. Go ahead and make a wisdom survival check, just for the hell of it. Three? Okay. You begin following a set of tracks that you think is pretty close to theirs. Pike, you're with everyone else bringing the rest of them back to the keep. You're with the other half of the group. You guys are babysitting the family and Gilmore, getting him back to the keep. To stealth with them to get out of the city, and we'll get to you guys in just a minute. Based on that check? You get really discombobulated in the center of the rainy midday of Emon. Okay. All right. You guys continue on, and following the tracks a little bit, they lead westward and curve down a few more alleys, heading towards the north entrance to the Cloudtop. Do you continue to follow or do you head back? Okay. Okay, you guys make your way back. The rest of you make your way further south, retracing the path you took here since you already know what's there. You do reach a certain point where as you push down one of the alleys, a few individuals come out, blades at the ready and, "Hey! Drop your "stuff. Give us what you've go--" And then, at which-- (laughs) At which point, Keyleth socks one in the jaw as Sherri pulls out a wand and blasts one of the nearby pieces of stone off the wall with a bolt of lightning. Gilmore, who steps onto his feet and carries his weight for a second raises his hands up, and as he does you can see arcane bolts whipping around him in this almost molecule-like electron pattern as he goes, "Do you gentlemen seriously wish to start this ruckus?" They all go, "No." And they slowly back away and then dart around the corner as fast as they can. You hear their feet spattering against the mud. As Gilmore lowers his hands, he begins to fall forward. Grab him, catch him, and he's like, (breathing hard). "That's, that's the last of me. "That's all I've got. Take me home. Please." Pinches your cheek, Grog. You guys continue to the path. As you make your way through the groups of the dead that you passed before, a lot of them have since been taken off the street and you can see now graves are being dug right outside of the gate as you find the south gate. Do you want to walk through the fields or do you want to use the same path you took into the secret path into the Keep? You're not there. As soon as you say secret passage, Gren, the little boy, is like, "Did you say secret passage?" Comes up and like, "I've never seen a secret passage before." "Can we see the secret passage?" The kids seem really excited and you can see Salda, for the first time since you've seen her, smiles a little bit. Trinket's been keeping guard through the mud behind you. As a relatively stealthy bear would try. As you make your way through the secret passage, successfully finding your way back to Greyskull Keep, you climb up back into the kitchen and there you can see Laina and Erwen who are both sweaty, their stains are soaking through their outfits. They've been working around the clock to make sure that everyone who's currently held within the keep is being cared for and fed, and their faces immediately light up as you all start pouring out of the pantry. "I'm so glad to see all of you. I wasn't sure if you'd come back." They're getting there first, before the rest of you. And she runs up and embraces each of you, wipes her brow. "I'll have food soon." And she goes over and sees. "And the children, you got children with you?" The kids get really shy, seem quiet and hide behind Salda. She goes, "It's all right. We'll "take them-- where should we take them? Where should we go? Lead on, I've never been here before." Yeah, most of the beds, most of your rooms are-- "You saw where we were. We'll take anything at this point." Gilmore comes in and looks around. "You know, I'm not going to lie, I always wanted to see the place. Perhaps a tour is in order. "Tomorrow." He hangs his head. You make your way into the rest of-- The nearest bed would be one of the beds that you guys moved into Sarenrae's temple. There's someone sitting on it, but as soon as you bring someone who looks as wrecked as he is-- Yeah. They get up and leave and you lay Gilmore down. After a short time of getting them established with Greyskull Keep, the rest of Vox Machina arrives, the rain now pouring heavily outside. Looking back, you can see some of the smoke has lessened. It's helping put out some of the fires in the remaining piles of burning wood that were once buildings of Emon. Okay. As you guys get everyone situated in the Keep, your mind begins to turn to what the next step is in preparing for whatever the next step you want to be. And we'll go ahead and finish tonight's game at that point. Pick this up again next week, so we can go ahead and take a moment here to prepare for Critmas. I know some of you guys have got to run, so if you've got to run, say goodbye to the folks-- We'll stay, we'll open the gifts for them. And get those to them, so we will be surprised for them. And also, guys, once again I want to give a big thank you to Jason Charles Miller. (cheering) That's awesome. Yeah, great! Yeah, guys, come back tomorrow, 7PM on this channel and go and watch Jason's awesome acoustic concert. He's a phenomenal musician. If you haven't seen his stuff, look it up beforehand just so you can get yourself prepped. Yeah, that's true, actually. So, there's that. And, actually, Mark Holmes, who's the dungeon master for the Yogscast RPG show that just started who are friends of ours, he makes a small cameo in one of the videos as well when he was in America briefly, so it all ties together. Yeah, he was there for that shoot. He's in the background with me in one of the shots. Yeah, just look for his nerdy British self. It's great. Love you, Mark. But yeah, Jason, thank you again for playing. Check out Jason tomorrow. Check him out in the Dungeons and Dragons-- what's the game title? As Drizzt Do'urden! Maybe you know the name if you've heard of any of the Forgotten Realms. He's the character that everybody between 1986 and 1995 tried to make. He's been in Avatar a few times. Yeah, check out his array of characters he's voiced. He's awesome. Well, guys, thank you so much. We'll be back here in just a few minutes. We're going to prep for Critmas, so yeah. See you soon.