Hello everyone, and welcome to this evening's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors, some of us far from our place on the Internet, sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons, throw some dice, and all that insanity. So, welcome to the chaos. Let's see, first and foremost, let's go ahead and get some announcements out of the way so we can hop into the game proper. Sam is on his way, per usual. Liam is here via Internet. There we go, there's our Liam. Wonders of the Internet. That's not going to end well for you, if oxen have shown us anything. Yeah, poor Dork. Always remember Dork. That's another shirt. Have a seat. Hello! Don't make it weird, Liam. All right, let's go ahead and plug through these announcements so we can get into the game. First thing, me and Marisha wanted to reach out and let everyone know that we're going to be guests next weekend, I believe it's the 8th through the 10th, at an event called Tekko. Tekko in Pittsburgh. It's an awesome convention, we're going to be doing panels and signings, all that fun stuff. So if any of you are in that area, you should come hang out at Tekko with us, in a week. That would be awesome. There you go. Sad Affleck, best game ever. Watched it over and over again. All right, so. Today, guys, is the last day to pre-order your Gilmore's Glorious Goods shirts. We've had them up for a week. There's a delightful presentation by our lovely Liam. You should pick one up. I should pick one up. I don't have one myself, yet. Yeah, go ahead and preorder a copy. We're trying out this new process to get shirts out to everyone, so get that one before they're gone. Tomorrow. So would that be like midnight tonight, or--? I don't know. You should order tonight, just in case! To be safe, make it tonight, but it's probably tomorrow night. But to be safe, make it tonight. Save it for the battle. Save it for the battle, Travis. Also, is it already up in the store now? All right, we have two new shirts. Two new shirts available for pre-order, guys. Dagger, dagger, dagger. Yeah, we're really, really trying to do that. Soon. Soon, we'll have announcements. Great, so there is also-- let's see, Sam, you had an announcement about a cartoon? Fantastic. Also, tonight is our 47th episode, we are three episodes away from our big 50th episode. It'll be a regular episode of this, depending on where the story is at the time, but it'll be special because it's our 50th. Also, we'll have a couple surprises and we'll be doing our big Critmas blowout right after the 50th episode. Then we'll be putting to rest until the holidays come around, but yeah, look forward to that 50th episode when it hits, guys. So make sure you don't miss it. Mark off your calendar. I already did. But I have to. Every week. So I don't have a choice, but you do, and you should come. Anybody else have any other announcements they want to make? (laughs) It never makes me not laugh. Cool, anything else, guys? We good? It's still your show, you still produce it. What? Yeah. That's half the joy gone and then you have the movie. Sorry. Anyway, so-- That's awesome. Fantastic. Well, cool, guys, then let's go ahead and get this show on the road. So, last we left off, Vox Machina, having to traverse the world in search of artifacts known as the Vestiges of Divergence, ancient items of power used in massive-scale warfare in ancient moments of history, they had acquired one from a sunken temple of the Champion of the Raven Queen, taking the life, and thankfully not permanently, of Vex'ahlia over here. The party then retrieved their first artifact and made their way towards the Pyrah tribe of the Ashari druids, the Fire Guardians of the Gate to the Elemental Plane of Fire, which apparently Thordak, the Cinder King, the great red dragon that helms the Chroma Conclave that just tore through all of the civilization of Tal'Dorei, emerged from. "Apparently." By that I mean, confirmed, universally, tore through. You guys went there, found a surviving faction of the Pyrah tribe, including Cerkonos, their Headmaster, as well as a few members of your tribe, the Air Ashari, Keyleth. And your father. You went towards the remnants of the Cindergrove, ran into an ally, a strange blue-scaled dragonborn by the name of Gern Blanston, master of necromancy and candle-making and combining the two for interesting effect. You fought your way through the Cindergrove, tearing through elementals, encasing efreets in hamster balls and holding them aloft for extended periods of time. Worked out well. And then managed to seal the Gate with the help of the druidic tribes there, Gern, and the intrepid adventurers of Vox Machina. After which, you went to spend the evening there on the mountainside to rest before continuing your journey to wherever that next step may be. So the rest of you are beaten, bruised, and winded over the previous series of battles and the accomplishment you achieved here at the top of the caldera of this mountain. The erupting, seismic energies and molten rock that once spewed from the center of this rift have calmed, and the gate once again has been sealed to its dormant, controllable, and watchable size. You guys are free to make camp wherever you'd like. Not yet, you're about to set up rest. There are sections, as you're walking out of the Cindergrove, that you can see members of the Pyrah tribe are pulling up still-functional pieces of huts and tents and things that were destroyed when Thordak tore through the rift, and they're beginning to reassemble a place to stay for the evening for themselves, so if you wish to stay among the Pyrah tribe for the evening, it seems to be at least a relatively safe bet. Most of them are made of pieces of stone. The actual blackened grey rock of this mountain, elements of it have been fused together with bits of glass to forge these thick, very sturdy walls when they aren't being torn through by a colossal red dragon. So they're being brought back up, druids are using what remains of their powers from the fight today to assemble more walls of stone, and they're basically creating ramshackle living spaces using their magic. All right. So you begin throwing up some stone walls to help build a small shelter for the evening. The rest-- You've lost sight of Gern, Gern went back into the Cindergrove and began essentially gutter-sniping what pieces of red dragon scales he could locate in the vicinity. He has not been seen since that moment. Who knows to where he wandered? Okay, so you guys watch as Scanlan rummages through some of his side pouches and belongings, pulls out a few elements, a small doorway carved from ivory. He pulls out a piece of polished marble, a tiny silver spoon, and puts them on the ground in front of him, closes his eyes for a second-- Yes you may. You guys are mildly confused, but as he picks up the items, you can see the door sets off this small spark of white energy that glistens in the air, hovers, and then creates a somewhat shimmering doorway, just standing in the center of the space in front of you. Any creature you designate when you cast the spell to enter. So you could say the entire Pyrah tribe if you wanted. Everybody in the group, or the Pyrah? Here, there's close to 35, including the Zephrah. Through the soot and ash and the rather somber atmosphere here that paints them as a people that are the survivors of a horrible calamity, beyond that, there's probably a few that you'd consider attractive, sure, if you're that kind of person. You see some of them stop and drop the rocks they're currently holding and building some of these small shelters. They all look at each other with a strange glance and continue building their current shelters. Okay. You open the door, and as you grab it, it is a solid door, and the handle spins, you look inside, and within you see an incredibly lush foyer to a grand mansion, a 25-, 30-foot ceiling made of marble and dark woods, you see a two-part staircase that splits off onto a second-tier floor, you hear soft music playing in the distance, and immediately you see two somewhat ethereal servants come down, dressed as a butler and a maid, they come down, with an echoing voice that say, "How might we be of service?" "Let me take your things, Master." By the time you go to stop him, three of the servants that have grabbed a few of your belongings and been carrying away, are swung at, Craven Edge passing through, and their energy dispersing, and their contents of whatever they're carrying drop and clink to the ground. This maid comes over, a plumper older woman, no feet, just drifting along with this path of mist behind her. "Yes, Master?" "But of course, Master." "It is my purpose, Master." "What does one but enjoy their purpose in life?" And continues braiding his chest hair, these tiny little hairs, doing a very good job. It's not very long, but sure enough, there is a pattern. "Of course, Master." "But of course, sir. We have an entire winery as part of the mansion." "All right." An ever-spinning top on the banister. At this point, Grog, you can see that the servant you had sent off comes up with a very large, somewhat spectral flagon, that upon handing it to you, turns into a solid metallic form, and inside-- -- a very, very finely chilled, very nice-smelling wine. It makes contact. A little cushy, but it does make contact, yes. The servants gather up a platter of food, piling up, grapes and meats and cured ham. As soon as you pop out of the door, it all turns to smoke and dissipates. At this point, Keyleth returns with a few straggler Pyrah tribal members that come in, looking about, surprised, bewildered, and some of them a little freaked out by this transdimensional space they just stepped into, TARDIS-style. Servants come up and start helping them. Some of them are still clutching the rocks they were building as they pass it off and start making their way out to various rooms to inspect the mansion. A few stay back to continue what they were already building, ensuring future establishments to sleep once you guys have left. So yeah, you guys are welcome to rest for the evening, if you'd like. It takes a minute, so yeah. With a flash of deep blue and black light, Trinket emerges (bear noises). They all look at each other. "Right away, sir." And all five of them drift off. A moment later, they all return with a spectral cow. No, each one of them is just traveling with one cow, they've all brought you together one spectral cow. There's just one cow. You touch it, and it has weight to it, it has surface area. There is no blood. No blood. They all look at each other and shake their head. "No, sir, we have limited resources here. "The cow, we happened to have one." At which point the cow disperses. Yes. You guys walk out of the foyer into the main hallway, and at the end to the left you see a doorway appear where there wasn't one before. It opens up on its own, and as you walk you can see stairs that lead down and into a basement chamber that has a sand pit surrounded by brick. There are a series of wooden training dummies and various training accoutrements. There are chains hanging from the ceiling for lifting and climbing exercises. There is a basic set of weapons against the weapon rack and a basic set of armor on the other set. Just the two of you. Okay. Trinket comes along with you and, in a very confused manner, attempts to train with you for a short time. It's been a while since you wrestled a bear, so it's kind of fun at times. Trinket backs up (bear growling), looks over at you again like, "Are you sure?" Across the sand flooring into a giant rolling attack towards you. That is going to be... What's Trinket's attack bonus? Plus eight, that's a 23 to hit. You go ahead and take seven points of bludgeoning damage. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw. So Trinket rams into you, and you hold firm and flex. Conversely, the giant bear bounces off, stumbles back onto Trinket's butt. Licks you right along the face, beard cowlicks up a little bit. You do. All right. Hop. Nothing. Grog, it's not very strong. Okay. That's true. With Vex not there, Trinket gets a little antsy and eventually your training session with Trinket comes to an end as Trinket goes to seek Vex. You can finish your wall climbing in solace. Okay. Okay. The door opens up at the first knock. (creak) A gentle classical piece with a small, low-timbre brass section comes in. Yeah, it's nice. It's not too involved, doesn't distract you too much. Make an arcana check. 14. Okay. Looking over the broom, you can tell it's enchanted. There are runes along the sides of the broom. You do gather from the nature of the enchantment that it is an item that requires a spoken phrase from the wielder to initiate its magic. Short of an Identify spell, you would probably have to guess. If you know the Identify spell, that would be a way for you to. Make an intelligence check. Or, you know what, this would be specifically investigation. Investigation check. You do notice that many of the runes intricately carved on the side of the broom are-- they're part of the enchantment; however, there is a certain phrase that is not part of the enchantment. It's scrawled into and very cleverly hidden amongst the broom. It is not Common. What languages do you know? It is not a language you recognize. Do you point it out to her? It is Draconic. It's archaic Draconic. It's from the base root of the language, which is one of the oldest languages in civilization. It spells out, phonetically, the word for candle. At which point, the broom jumps up in your hands, and almost lifts you off the bed for a second, and you catch it and hold it back down. It's a pretty big elf hand compared to your tiny gnome hand. How high are the ceilings in your room? For this room, because it is an extradimensional space, this room is probably a good 50 feet high. High ceilings, with drapery. It's so garish. Yeah. Better write that down. (hacking spit) Welcome to D&D. As the words emit from your mouth, the broom takes off, and you have to aim it a bit. You start going around in circles, slowly rising up towards the roof of the room. (whistling) You do, and you start going, "Whoa!" Go ahead and make a dexterity check. Yep. That's fine. You're fine. A really bad roll might have had a circumstance, but you manage to catch yourself on the broom in time and, okay. You're getting the hang of it. It's still not something you're used to, but it's fine. You do. And you take a few minutes to figure out the pitch and wobble of it, and it's less of a directional flight, more than it is a combination of how you hold the front of the broom and concentrate on its direction. But nevertheless, a few moments pass, and you get the hang of it. She drifts out of the room. The door (slam) shuts behind her. You lean back in your bed, on your fine, black silken sheets, with Flight of the Bumblebees still blaring by the fireplace. They all get up. The music stops. And they all slowly drift out of the room, one by one. Fireplace still crackling. Not a worry. So good! So, anyone want to do anything else? You going to go rest for the evening? All right. You all eventually find your ways to your rooms, happy and comfortable in the fact that no one has to take watch for this night. As you all get to bed, a few hours into the evening, Keyleth, you are just starting to doze off when you hear a knock at the door. You open the door? On your door. "Keyleth, it is Cerkonos. Please open up. I wish to speak with you." Okay. Cerkonos comes in. The first thing you notice-- previously, you had seen what was his burned-off arm at the shoulder. You can now see the flesh is extended and is currently very slowly in the process of regenerating his lost arm. And it catches you off-guard for a moment, and he puts his hand up and says, "Sorry, it is not very presentable." And he still keeps his hand over it, slightly embarrassed by the mid-regenerative state of it. "I'm sorry to have disturbed you, I come as "unease has taken my mind." And he enters the room and closes the door behind him. "May we sit?" He goes over and takes one of the nearby chairs and sets it down, places one across from him for you to sit, gestures with his one arm. Sits down. "I would not speak with those I do not "trust. And I have seen your purity of soul, Keyleth. So I come to you with these concerns." His eyes trail off for a moment in the distance, and he gathers his thoughts and his words. "Four "years ago, a young woman came to Pyrah for redemption. A lost girl, cast out and wishing for "acceptance. We, as we do with outcasts, took her in, taught her. And in time, called her one of our "own, one of the Pyrah. In recent months, she began to grow distant, taking to staying in the "Cindergrove unattended for days at a time. One afternoon, the mountain moved, angry with shifting "fires. We felt a disturbance in the Gate, and when we went to investigate, there she was, commanding "powers we did not know she had." "These were the magics taken by man who defied the gods. These were the purest of ancient arcane "threads. We watched as she reached out and tore open the Gate. She laughed as we called out to "stop. But something terrible emerged from that wounded sky." "This dragon you speak of, yes. I defended all that I could, but the power was too great, and "unconsciousness took me. I awoke to my people in tatters, the fires untethered, and this terrible "girl gone. It is both embarrassing and greatly alarming that we could be infiltrated by such an "entity. That blame falls on me, as the headmaster, for not seeing this earlier." "When she came to us she couldn't be more than 15." "Perhaps. She did not seem to blossom into womanhood as many do. We considered her more of a "runt of her litter, if you will." "She seemed human." "We take many forms as druids. If she was indeed human, at that age, to command such power... "I do not know her true nature." "Her name was Raishan. Anyway. I wish to tell you this because my heart is heavy with "guilt, and I want you to know that even in places of comfort, family, be careful, keep those you "know you can trust close. Be mindful of those that promise aid when they have not proven themselves. "If you have an instinct, follow it." "I just do not wish you to make the same mistake I did. Anyway, I thank you for your "companions and you coming to our aid. It shall not be forgotten." "Should you need the aid of the Pyrah, though we are not much at now, come find me. I "look forward for to you bringing Zephrah together. You will make a fine leader." "Kaitiaki, Keyleth." Cerkonos leaves. That is true. That's all you know, is the name Raishan was used when the Conclave attacked Emon. And it seemed the name belonged to the green dragon that initiated the assault where you guys were. So, these thoughts echoing through your mind-- You sleep, but uneasily, as all of these realizations swirl in your head. Eventually sleep takes you, but it is not an easy sleep. Just enough to function. Barely. Vax. As you yourself have attempted to stave off sleep for many days, pushing yourself to your limits, it finally takes its toll, and you drift off into a deep, deep slumber. In that slumber, you find yourself in darkness. Echoes of a distant voice, muffled, as if underwater. Crash. The darkness is shattered into a thousand black feathers, and you find yourself falling, falling. Falling towards what seems to be a tangled net of glowing threads. You're afraid you might impact at such a speed, but before you do, you slow and come to a stop before this extremely prominent glowing weave, this infinite tapestry in all directions. You are uncertain of the meaning of this moment when a large cold hand reaches past your shoulder and grasps a thread right before your face, this singular glowing thread, pulsing with light like a heartbeat. You follow the arm over your shoulder, and glance up directly into the massive form of the Raven Queen porcelain face like a mask, long jet-black hair, her body encasing you like a physical cage. Your eyes follow the arm back to the thread that she carries between her massive fingers. She tugs it, ever so gently, and it causes waves to ripple through the tapestry into infinity. Her voice fills your mind, both calm but cold. "This is you, my champion. You are fate-touched. The choice is yours. Rebirth or "ruin. Maker or martyr. Conqueror, tyrant, or nothing." She plucks the thread from the weave, snapping it. You plummet into the hole left behind it, falling faster and faster into the dark. Losing control, you turn around and see the Raven Queen, disappearing into the distance, growing smaller and smaller, until suddenly, nothing. Grog. You fall into a deep snore, heavy, heavy snore, after drinking the wine, climbing up walls, you've had an exhausting day of-- Okay, you are face down. It's great. You've drooled into the sand, and it's clustered around your beard. It's horrifying. But in the middle of snoring, this restful sleep also comes into your mind, and you find yourself walking alone. A long hallway, into blinding light. You have to cover your face, it's so bright, but you push forward because you know there's only one way to go. You cannot see, but you can hear around you and sense the hallway's ended, and there's now space around you. You cannot see, but you sense an arena, gladiatorial in nature. You can hear the distant whisper and hum of crowds cheering. You sense others around you, closing in suddenly. A voice, ever-whispering in your ear, says, "Release me." Still blinded, eyes closed, on instinct, you pull the cold, dark blade from your back and swing wide, over and over again, feeling the shuddering shock of each impact, your strength matched by the razor-like edge of your weapon, cleaving down any who would approach. The high of adrenaline is incredible, and you laugh aloud at the sheer thrill of your own power. The light subsides and your vision returns. You look to see hundreds of people dead at your feet. Farmers, children. You see Pike, motionless, cast among the carnage. You want to scream, but instead you laugh, against your own judgment and intent, like you're locked within yourself and have no control. And as you look up from the pile of corpses at your feet, you see a towering figure before you, cast in furs and bone, standing even a head and a half's height above you, is Kevdak, looking down at you with pride. The entire herd steps up beside him, staring at you atop your throne of corpses, and the herd kneels. Kevdak bows, looking up at you, smiling. "You. You have "finally made me proud, Grog." You wake up (gasp), spittle and sand and grit mashed against your face. Who knows how long it's been, but it's been a while since you've had a dream, let alone one like that. Now, as you all eventually come to in the morning, having your evening's rest, you've recovered your hit points, your spells, all of the usual good stuff, in a fantastic mansion. Maybe not the most fantastic rest for some of you, but a fantastic mansion. You all eventually find your way to the breakfast nook, which is as extravagant as you would imagine a Scanlan-based breakfast nook would be. There's a fantastic breakfast feast already prepared, rows of servants along the walls waiting eagerly to attend to you guys as you sit down, pouring fresh juices. It smells fantastic, and most of you look rested, except for a handful. You haven't tried it before. You hear a voice go (grunt). Trinket's over there, face covered in breakfast food, trying to sit at one of the edges of the table like a person, the actual bowing of the wooden bench that Trinket's on, you hear the creaking as he moves around in it. You guys watch as Vex all of a sudden (whoosh) takes off above the breakfast room. All right, Laura, I want you to go ahead and, first, roll a dexterity check. 13, okay. You almost slip off the broom in the process of drawing the arrow from the quiver. You catch yourself and just barely manage to pull back and fire. I want you to go ahead and roll an attack with disadvantage. 16. (impact) The arrow does get relatively close to your hand, but it does stick into the turkey. Okay, make another dexterity check. 13. Okay, this time, you start falling off and you catch yourself entirely. The arrow just goes wide, you don't even get a chance to nock it in the bow. So much chicken, guys. Servant rushes forward, "More chicken, sir?" "Right away." "Vegetables, sir?" "Chicken it is." South of Westruun. Your herd wanders all across the Silvercut Roadway, that whole area to the west of Westruun, south of Kraghammer, east of Emon, that vicinity. Osysa. No, the scrying that you saw was Umbrasyl, the black dragon, that took up residence, it seems, in Gatshadow, the mountain north of Westruun, at the base of the Cloudkeep mountain range. Yep, that's where you guys initially... that happened. At the time, because you were not specifically paying attention to this ability of yours, there is no specific tree that has caught your attention. You could attempt to make an intelligence roll. Nine. Unfortunately, you can't recall the specific location of any trees in the Frostweald. It's been a long time since then, and you weren't being conscious of it at the time. If you would like to, yeah. If you want to, yeah. The trees in the area that you would know, that you recall, there was a... There were trees based around the Crossroads, which is the middle point of the Silvercut roadway that's even further northwest, and west of Westruun. There's the Bramblewood Forest, which is just north of Westruun. Most of them would be further west from there. Those are the closest. Not on. Up in the mountain, but watching down, probably. You didn't notice in your scry. Okay. So you're going to the Crossroads. The Crossroads is about two days of travel northeast of the Frostweald, about three days' travel. Here we go. This is the Frostweald. This is Westruun. This is the Crossroads. This is Emon. This is Kraghammer. It's right here. It's by Westruun. The Crossroads is over here. You can totally take the Crossroads, but it'll be-- Bramblewood forest? Okay, that's fine. Because you spent a lot of time in Westruun, specifically, you do recall various locations. You take a moment to concentrate on a few trees actually within Westruun. You recall there was one that was near a playground where you had once interrogated a small child if they had seen-- Yep. You begin to cast the spell and you concentrate on that tree in the park. There's no connection to the tree. You gather that the tree may not have survived the initial attack on Westruun. However, you do take a moment and you do recall at the entrance to the Bramblewood, when you guys were briefly attacked by that group of thieves that were pulling you off to the side, pretending to be a stranded caravan. There was a series of rather large trees that marked the roadway there, and you recall one that had distinct markings, and you do manage to find a point of concentration or connection there. You complete the spell against one of the petrified trees on the outside of the Cindergrove. The doorway opens up, and you guys can see a thicket of Bramblewood trees on the opposite side. You all rush through one after the other, Trinket jumping behind. You all make it through, and you're now standing on the central pathway of the Bramblewood. Further south, you're probably about an hour and a half foot travel before you exit the southern portion of the forest. To the Frostweald? You're about a day and a half. On horseback you're about a day, under a day. On foot, you're looking at about two days' travel, a little over two days' travel. SAM and That's a rapid pace. You're fast in mist form. It would be a little bit faster than a horse. So, Keyleth, what are you doing? Are you doing the-- So Keyleth goes ahead and casts-- Is it Wind Walk? All of you guys take a moment to transform into a mist form, and you all begin to coast right around the top of the trees, making your way south to the back of the Bramblewood. As soon as you exit the top of the trees, you can see Westruun ahead of you, and there are a number of interesting things that catch your attention. First and foremost, you see, halfway between the treetops to the south end of the forest and the very north part of Westruun, there appears to be a large, green open field with thicker patches of grassland here and there. There is a section that is a grassless dirt mound, that has, as you start coasting over you can see, what looks like spikes of wood, a couple of things that glimmer in the light as you pass over, and what looks like large grooves dug in a haphazard pattern. This patch is about 15 or 20 feet across, and you see two people bringing a cart away from it. Yeah. These wispy people-clouds (wind). No one seems to pay mind. The two individuals that went away with the cart are a little far from what you can see at this point, but they both appear to be humanoid, in no particular rush but they're hauling this large cart away. As you look, you can see in this patch of dirt, the glimmers that you saw was a smattering of gold and silver coins that appear to have been tossed into this pile. It looks like there are pieces of wood that have been broken and crushed in the giant grooves. Who's taking the intense look at this one right now? Okay, so the two of you, I want you to roll investigation checks. You recognize, and you get a feel for it too, because of your specialty in this, you notice that the giant grooves that tear into this are actually sweeping claw marks, like something of a large size and a very fast speed came down, and has come down multiple times, to snatch up something that was placed in this location. Right, which, as you're seeing this now, yeah, you would gather the information with him as you did. Do you guys continue southward? Coasting on the outskirts of the city? You guys begin to coast around the outside of Westruun, drifting up above as well, this wispy pattern of clouds. You get a view of the external farmlands that dot the north-northwestern side of Westruun. A number of them appear to have been burned. Not like forest fire or cataclysmic meteorite, like intentionally burned. The crops are charred and black, and there's a pattern to how that was set. A few farmhouses also appear to have burned as well. But there are farmlands that are also functional, and you can see people tilling the land. I want everyone to make a perception check. Okay, so people above 20 would be the twins. All right, so Vex and Vax, you guys look over these fields and two things you notice. One, each set of farmers that are working, there is a well-armed individual on the outskirts of each of these farms that is intently watching them work. As you're paying attention to this, one of them walks over and starts screaming at one and pushes them over, and then stands back and keeps guard. You also notice that the outside of the city, there appears to be some sort of construct or battlements, almost like another wall, a very thin wall, has been built around the various entrances to the city. Can't talk to each other, no, not in mist form. It's up to you guys. Do you guys want to go investigate, or do you want to keep going south? You only see two that are actually in the immediate farmland, and they're quite a walk away from the actual city. They don't appear to be on heavy lockdown. Yeah, that's possible in the form. Vex, you see Vax, your brother, stop in front of you, put his hands up, and point downward with his hands. You guys all follow? Yeah, it was really confusing to you. All right, you guys all drift down towards the ground as you see Vax begin to take on physical form on the outskirts. Okay. Are you going down to the burnt farmland or one of the healthy farms? There are a few of the fields that are more high crop, corn-style stalks. Okay. Percy, Vax, and Vex all take a moment to revert back to their physical form. All right, Scanlan. Keyleth? All right, so all of you, including Grog, or are you staying in your mist form? You all take a moment to revert to your physical form. I would like everyone to make a stealth check. What did you get again? Where'd the party go? You all begin to weave your way through the various lines of high-stalk crop. Where are you heading? Are you heading in towards the city, or are you heading towards the farmers? As you guys are having this conversation, you can see there's a slight rustle, and a farmer comes across, carrying a small satchel as he's picking things off of one of the nearby areas. About 15 feet from you. He doesn't seem to notice you guys. The farmer turns. (gasps) You now see him. It's a man in his late 40s, early 50s, gray beard. "Yeah..." He keeps picking. You can see there's some heavy bruising on his face and part of his cheek is swollen. He goes, "It would be hard around these parts to find someone who likes a dragon, let alone that one." "Not the worst of the worries right now, though." "The ones who work for him." "Every one of them. Otherwise they just go ahead and steal from whoever's nearby. Isn't a "caravan that's made their way past Westruun in the past week." Drops the fruit he has in his hand. "Please! Please help us, please!" "They have my daughter." "Those beasts." "Keeping a lot of people." He leans over, nudges towards the direction of the city. "I don't know his name." He looks a little confused. "I don't know. They just take what we have." Who are you talking about? "I don't know. They're all different types, I haven't seen the one who has them. They have them." "Half-orcs-- Interested in? Whoever keeps him at bay. I don't know, they take whoever seems "useful. Sometimes they take them and slaughter them before us as a warning." "I don't want to think about it." He points over to the city. "But there's one right out..." And you see him pointing angrily around the corner, probably to the one that you saw on the outskirts of the farm area you guys came down in. "Reginald." "Once every couple days, maybe." "About half a day ago. Dusk yesterday. I don't know. We all stay inside around that time "just in case." "I haven't seen anything flying but the dragon. There was a huge fight not more than a "week ago between these people and that thing. They seem to have come to an accord." "The orcs, the whatever they are. The big strong angry ones that keep taking all of our stuff." "Some do." "The dragon came in and tore everything down." "Burned, liquefied, dissolved portions of this city, people screaming. And then it left. "Both of them." "From what we saw." "Green and a black. I think a white one, but that one kept going. "All of them kept going. We thought we were safe. We tried to re-gather. And then, within a "day, a bunch of these bastards came and took what was left. Slaughtering, stealing." "From what I've seen. I don't go too far into town, they keep me out here, but I've seen a few." Perception check. "Most of them are, yeah." 17, okay. You don't see the guard nearby. You guys want to try and find him? Okay. You guys begin making your way towards the direction that Vex saw the guard. You start pushing through the crop, making your way to the edge, and at the point where these high crops end, it opens up into what looks like a heavy root-based field. Potatoes, carrots, things that are beneath the ground. You guys see across the way the two other farmers that were out there, the one that you saw being loosely beaten, they're both filling satchels and emptying them into two larger carts that are put up to horses, one of them a larger pony. You see what appears to be another hulking humanoid, taller than an average person, skin slightly gray, a smattering of tattoos across the body. You recognize-- From what you can see, you actually recognize this individual. This is an individual that you knew quite a ways ago, a young goliath who was still about a half a foot shorter than you when you knew him. He was named Horace, because he hated it, and Kevdak gave him this name and you actually, at some point in the past, recall even giving Horace a good beating. A little of the smaller of the goliaths you've encountered. This is years later. This punk kid, and he was kind of a punk, has grown up now, and is still smaller than you by a size, but still seems to be every bit of an agitating little bitch you remember, from the way that he's treating these people. Not in his hand at the moment, no, but he does have across the back what looks to be some sort of large blade sheathed. Glancing about, because it is a pretty open area, you can see the secondary guard is walking away, looking to check one of the other homesteads. There is a farmhouse. Yep, it's flat farmland on the outside of Westruun. As soon as you break the south side of the Bramblewood, it's just plain. I'd say the other guard's probably a good 400 feet. Yeah. Okay. So, as you all take a moment, stepping into parts of the stalks of the edge of this land, Vex, you go ahead and start taking up leaves, patches of dirt, mud from freshly watered ground, and you start smattering the rest of the group with it. You guys are going full Arnold from Predator. You begin to blend into the vicinity. You can be prepared for it when it happens. The spell expends when cast, so it's more of waiting to release it. To make it as part of a set trap, that would be a consumable trap you would have to construct. Okay. So you guys all have hidden. He's behind you guys, watching all of this happen. "Yes?" "Promise?" So you guys are all working on the very edge of where these crop fields begin. Reginald pushes through a little bit, and goes, "Ow! Ow! Ow!" You hear in the distance a voice go, "Hey you! What's "your problem?" He goes, "My ankle!" And he starts hobbling into the crop. "You shut your trap! It's "your fucking ankle! What's that stupid-- Oh, you--" (grunts) He starts lumbering up. "I'm going to "teach you about letting a peep out of that stupid maw of yours! I'm going to beat that face so hard "it can't make a noise ever again! Stupid git!" Okay. So as soon as he steps into the high crop area. All right. So what are the specifics of the Entanglement spell? All of a sudden all of the crops, all of the large stalks and vines start (whoosh) wrapping around his body. It's once he's inside the area, so it's not like the wall on the outside. No, just the ones in the immediate vicinity. Okay, so he's going to attempt to make a strength saving throw. Make a perception check, if you could, Vax. Surprised so he has disadvantage on the saving throw. What's the DC? 19? That's a failure. All right, and what? 28! Yeah, Vax, keeping an eye, the guard doesn't seem to have kept notice and continues walking off towards the distant farmhouse. The plants all wrap around his body and he "What's this? Stupid-- " "You motherfucker-- " At this point, now he's got blood pouring out of the corner of the eye. One eye has gone a little red from burst vessels. You can see it starting to swell up already. Blood's now pouring out the side of the nose where you've hit it, and he's still fighting even though the plants have kept him entangled. As soon as the calm comes to him (heavy breathing). The eyes go wide and all the tension in the body loosens. "Fucking hell." You're still holding his face? (muffled) "Fucking hell." He spits a couple teeth out the side of his mouth. "You're supposed to be dead. You're supposed to be fucking dead. I watched you beaten to death. "Why the fuck are you still alive?" "No one. It's me and Cole, but Cole's heading back to the city. We have other ones "passed out around, but most of them stay in town, especially during the day. That's where the "festivities are." "Do you want back in? You're alive, man. Now's the time. It's a good time for the herd." "Yeah?" "Probably, aye." "Kevdak stays in the city, as well. Up at the old Margrave's place, actually. Turned it into "his palace. Want me to take you?" Make an insight check. All of you guys are still hidden, by the way, unless you want to do something. All of you guys make another stealth check with plus 20. You guys have never been seen. Retroactively, no one's ever seen you in your entire lives. If it was Bad News, it would still probably break stealth. Okay, unless you rolled a one. Yeah, no. (laughs) Horace hasn't seen anyone. "I could take you in." "Which one are you talking about? Reggie?" (laughs) "He's a little bitch, that one is. No, but you know what? I caught him sniffing "around. I think he's keeping some gold hidden." "Twisted his arm a couple of times." "We could do this for old times' sake. Each take an arm, pull until he tells us." "Yeah." "Here's the thing. Let me get loose here for a minute. I'm feeling a bit uncomfortable." "Okay. We were heading up north. We took out a small caravan just south of the road cuts, near "the Silvercut Way, and all of a sudden out of the sky, we saw these streaking dragons come through. "Largest I've ever seen. Dangerous as the day's long. So we fled. We watched them come here and "tear into this city. Rend it, destroy it, smoke and flames and ice and all sorts of craziness. And "they kept going. We figured, dragons come, didn't take the spoils, there's plenty of spoils for us. "More than we could ever dream of. Most of it's pretty well-guarded, but there couldn't be much "left over there. So we gathered up who we had, and mind you, the herd's swelled a bit since you left, "my friend. We conquered another wandering tribe last year. Zanror took the head of their leader "and commanded them to join. We're about a hundred strong these days." "Pecking order. Still us goliaths at the top. We got all sorts of other piddly men." "Half-men, half-orcs. A few brutalized elves here and there. They make cooking easy. Anyway, we "took that moment and we rushed into the town. Took it before the day was over. Killed all who didn't "bow before Kevdak himself. Days of revelry ensued, my friend. Oh, you missed out. Wine, women, gold. "We took what we wanted until one of them dragons came back. Black one. Scary. Killed a lot of us. "We weren't so much a hundred strong then, but by the end of that we had 50 or 60 to our name before "the anger finally stopped. Kevdak bent a knee and made an offering to this dragon." "I know. But trust me, you see a beast this size... it was survival through a mutual discussion, if you "will. Promised our might to its worship, gathered our spoils, deliver it every now and then. We got "to have the leftovers. We rule the city in its stead. Not a bad deal. Doesn't watch. We leave it "what we find-- most of it, at least, we keep a little on the side-- and we live like kings here. "Westruun is now property of the herd." "You've missed out, and there's quite a few openings now, since we've lost a few of the less "than strong folk. You look strapping. I'm sure Kevdak would be more than happy to have you back." "That's a good blade." "It's been probably half a day since breakfast. Aye. Why?" His expression begins to shift as realization begins to dawn on his face. Before he can say a word-- he tries to speak through the pain, but it's met with the gurgle as various bodily fluids fill the inside of his lungs and throat. The blade, now, you can see (choking noise) peeks through the back of the mouth as his eyes go ever so dull, the rest of the blood flow pouring out the sides of his mouth. As this is happening, the blood that has filled the mouth begins to seep back into the mouth. The trails are still there, but what was once filled to the brim has been slowly recessed, swallowed. Not by the unmoving body of Horace, but the dark blade itself now drawing from the inside. As the stalks unwind, leaving his defiled body and you draw the blade free, Scanlan, you find, across the body, there is a simple, slightly chipped-but-still-functional greatsword that was sheathed in the back, wrapped in a haphazard hide that functioned as a scabbard. Mostly just leather pants, a few furs, looks to be a bone necklace and a bone bracelet around the wrist which looks to be teeth, human teeth. About 27 gold pieces in total change. About a five-minute walk. You pull him up into one of the walls of the plant stalks and set him in there, mounding up whatever bits of fallen leaves and dirt you can. He's pretty well-hidden. Some flowers come up there. Some of the local leaves from the stalks bend down and help cover him up. The guard's gone. Reggie's still sitting there, watched this whole thing happen. Looking at you and goes, "You did good. You did good." "Thank you. Thank you." Yeah, it would be being conscious of the cloud patterns in the sky, moving with the wind in a way where you become less noticeable as something strange. So it's possible. All right, the four of you convert into mist form, crest up over the edge and start drifting your way over the top of Westruun, leaving Scanlan, Grog, and Reginald amongst the crops. "Do you have some?" He drinks thirstily, both because he seems genuinely thirsty, and second, it seems like he could use a long, hard drink. "I've been drinking longer than you've been alive, friend." Just (guzzles). "Yeah." And, for that, we'll take a quick break, come back here. See you guys here in a few minutes, and we'll continue this story. See you in a minute! [break] Welcome back! Ha ha, they got it on stream! Sorry, Liam, we're not as good as you are at it. So, guys, quick note before we get back into the game. Apparently, the shirt link wasn't working earlier, it is working now. They got it functional, so go ahead and hop on now while you can. Returning from the break, as Grog and Scanlan sit, waiting to hear back from the rest of the team, traversing over towards Westruun, seeking information in their mist forms. The two of you remain behind. The four of you guys who are in mist form, where are you going? This is your mist form? Ocean. I like it. I'd like you guys to make stealth checks. You guys make your way across the rest of the fields. You head over Cole, you can see walking his way to the outside of the western side of the city. You come towards the bottom of the gate. You can see the rigid, small fence structure you noticed when you were far away from the city becomes more clearly visible. It is a series of spears and pikes that are set up as a barrier or a barricade to the outside world to Westruun. You do see adorned atop a number of them a few heads, varying sizes, various people, various ages. It's hard to say. It looks built. Outwards. There are breaks in it, but essentially it's partially a pseudo-defense mechanism, it's more as a warning, it's a point of intimidation. Yeah. It's not anything too classically designed. Not quite, no. You coast over the outside wall and glance down within. You can see there are people wandering the town, townsfolk that are out in the streets. Many of them are in pairs or groups, two to four people, appear to be traveling from one place to another. Most of them are accompanied by one or two armed individuals. Some of the people have chains around their neck. You do see a number of these buildings are in ruins, patchwork places. Some are just crushed. Some appear to have been melted down, like the wood or stonework itself has been dissolved into a pile of matter. You see places where fires have broken out and some places have burned into a giant cluster of ash and broken wood. A quick memory glance at this height, you start looking for specific areas that you recall from memory. One you glance over and see where you first came to meet Pike, where she and Wilhand lived. That area is the area of town that was, apparently, salvaged from the battle. It still stands, there appears to be very minimal impact. As you give yourself enough closeness to check in, the red brick homestead of Wilhand does appear to be standing. At this distance, no. You also note, towards the shopping district of Westruun, there is the shop of Abjurist Noja, one of your first enchanter friends who protected you during your first Winter's Crest. His structure is still standing as well. A few buildings around did not fare so well, but his shop and a number of other ones adjacent to it seem to still be standing. You can't really tell if they're functional, or how busy they are, or if anyone's doing anything with them, but that's still there. You do notice, though, at numerous parts of the street, there are just piles and piles of burnt wood and ash, like they're large burn piles that were set at different periods of time and have long since burned. Little bits of white, post-burning plumes that still smolder over the past few days. You're not quite sure what these piles contained at the time they were set ablaze. There is still the worship district here. You have the various temples. Best you can glance, a few of them have been partially toppled. There is damage to some of the buildings. Still too far away to make out any specific details beyond that, some of the structures having taken a hit in previous conflicts. You're not sure from which source. The Margrave's. Towards the southern central portion of Westruun, south of the main town square where the bulk of your first Winter's Crest festival here in Westruun took place. The Margrave's house is at the very southernmost portion of that. That entire square is lined with row after row of sharpened wood sticks and various other weapons, tridents, broken swords that have been, with ropes, strapped together to form a military barricade. If anything were to attempt to attack from the ground, it would be difficult to do so if this area was filled with prepared soldiers, using these as protective guard. The actual Margrave's home is intact, although at this glance, you can see a lot of it has been defiled, elements of the outside walls are strewn with dark burgundy paint slapped over. You can see what looks to be some sort of strings adorning edges of it, like decoration. You see, walking through this area, what looks to be 12 or 13 or so armed individuals of varying heights. Probably a good six or seven goliaths among them. Others appear to be human, half-orc, it's hard to make out the full details from this distance. They're all on the outskirts surrounding what was previously the Margrave's home. Now the homestead of Kevdak, seemingly. You have no idea what Kevdak looks like. Make a perception check. 16. At this distance, it's hard to make out any specific details. You can barely make out the fact that they're goliath. It's only because you've traveled with Grog so long you can pick out the details, the hairless form, the tattoos, the general tone of skin. They're male and female, it's a smattering of all different types of goliaths. Some of different thickness, some that are a little more barrel-chested and wide, some that are a little shorter. There are other similarly dressed individuals that are not goliaths as well, but they seem to be more of a subservient role within the herd than the goliaths that would be the ruling class within this self-contained society. But no one stands out to you as matching the descriptions of Kevdak that Grog gave you. Seemingly. The prison you were being held in was in the Umbra Hills. That's far north of Westruun. Do you see a what? It's hard to tell because most everyone who lives here is, in some, way, shape, or form a prisoner. You do see at the various gates of the city as you went through, there's about three, four individuals average stationed there. Nobody seems to be entering or exiting. And the pace of those that are not of the herd that you see walking through the city has a feel of hopelessness, or at least their presence outdoors is more of function. They do what they're told, and if they're not, you've already seen what happens to them. Make a stealth check, guys, on the way out. Okay! You guys make your way westward. Is there anything you guys wanted to accomplish while they were gone? You take out Craven Edge, you hold it out in front of you. "It was a good snack. A snack it was. If there's more where that came from, "I would be so thankful." It's a greatsword. It's almost twice the length of your whole body and probably weighs close to as much as you do. As you hand the hilt over towards him, there's hesitation in the voice, "Only you are worthy of "holding me. You will hand me to no one." Make a charisma check. Seven? Okay. You can't give the sword up. It means too much, and the voice in your head says, "Only those proven worthy to feed me can carry me. And you, Grog--" Make an insight check. Grog, make a deception check. Grog's not the most able liar, you glean. You're pretty good at seeing past the deceit of others. This definitely falls under the line of deceit, as adorable as it is to see him try. Is it a wisdom saving throw? I'll pull it up real fast, just to make sure. I'm pretty sure it is. Yep, make a wisdom saving throw. Not using the cone, so no, it still fails. So you feel compelled now to give this sword. You're like, no, that's a great idea. As he holds up the sword towards you, you grasp the handle. As his hand touches it, the voice goes, "No! Only you can wield me!" Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw again. I'm sorry, that's a charisma saving throw. 19? All right. You feel the influence of the blade begin into creep into your mind, but the bond you have with Scanlan and the time you've traveled together, you manage to shrug it off. Fighting that impulse, you still hand the blade over. You take the handle. You let go of the weapon. You hold it in your hand now. It's a (heavy thud). There's a long beat of silence. And then a barely audible (annoyed sigh). All of a sudden, you hear this tiny voice creep up in the back of your head "If you truly "wish to hold me in your grasp, I require you to prove to me your worthiness." The blade, all of a sudden, it almost seems to have a slight shift of its own, like a divining rod, and it moves. And the blade shifts away from the direction of you and Grog and gently shifts down the way to an older gentleman who's now returned to picking a few crops and it points in his direction and says, "Prove to me." Pointing to Reginald. Make a charisma check. It's not a spell. Let me double-check, if you're referring to the gnomish racial capability. Let me go ahead and check the rules here, because this could make a difference here. Against magic? I'll say yes, because it's technically a magical entity. The sheer force of personality that begins to exude from this weapon, you sense that it is old, it has seen many a hand, and has probably taken far many more a life. But it's not met a gnome like you before, Scanlan Shorthalt. At which point, you both hear a voice simultaneously go, "Always hungry." Make an arcana check. 12. It seems magical. As a bard, you understand that there are certain artifacts, weapons that either upon their creation, upon their development, had the essence of a creature or soul put into it. Or, conversely, the weapon came into being as its own personality. You're not sure of the nature of this, and you're unable to ascertain which side of the spectrum it lies on as far as morality goes. At which point, a few clusters of wind come landing out of the sky. You guys, you're the mist! Yeah. You notice that Reginald's sitting there, clutching his full stachel. "Hi!" "Right." "That's okay, but you're coming back, right?" "All right. I'll be careful. You be careful, too. Come back as soon as you think you can, when "you're ready." "Good luck." "I haven't seen him for days." Spits on the pile where his corpse is. "All right. Hope to see you soon, then." He turns around and begins walking back. You guys all take a moment, collect yourselves, revert back to your mist form, coast out of the farmland, heading southward in the direction of the Frostweald. And there, we're going to finish our campaign for the evening. We'll figure it out. We'll get her back sometime soon, right? We'll have you back soon, buddy. No, you're not! You need to be here! I know. Hopefully we'll be having Ashley back when Blindspot releases her between seasons, we'll have her back for a few months.