Hello everyone! Close. Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons, rolling dice and shit. So welcome! Always awkward. Anyway, before we get into the game, we're going to do some quick announcements for the evening. First off, we had our recent 100th episode, and I think we have some merch in there. Laura, any updates? Fantastic. Thank you, Laura. That's so sweet. All right, that is that. Let's see, here else. Just a reminder, the Tal'Dorei campaign guide pre-orders go on sale mid-July. You can go to the Green Ronin website for info on that, and it will be released physically bound at Gen Con first, and then it will be coming out weeks after that on the interwebs. Check out Green Ronin's site for all that information! And we're excited about Gen Con insanity, so see you guys there. Let's see. Wednesday Club? Mr. Taliesin Jaffe? Go watch it, true believers! I love it. Check it out, special guest for Wednesday Club next week. Awesome. Thank you, Taliesin. All right. Also, we have Talks Machina Tuesdays at seven PM Pacific time here, on Twitch and Alpha, to discuss what you'll watch tonight on this episode. Yes, that. Thank you, Sam. That's okay. Well done. And I think that's it. Quick announcements this evening. Nice and quick. I like it. That means we get to dive back into the story here, guys! Yeah! A few characters levelled. We have a few folks at 18 now, so that's fun. I'm pretty sure she makes her own bakery cake store. It's going to be great. It's called the Slayer's Bake. Anyway, guys, I think that's it, and that being the case, let's go ahead and hop into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Yes. Oh boy. Anyway. Last we left off, Vox Machina had discovered the existence of a second ziggurat-like structure on the continent of Marquet, and apparently a cult of the Whispered One there gathering magical artifacts to toss into a second darkened black orb, similar to the one beneath Whitestone, all this time. You ran into Scanlan once more, and leading you guys to where this cavern was found in the mountains of Smouldercrown on the continent of Marquet, you did battle with the cultists there, and seemed to reveal one of the leaders in that group was none other than the not-dead Delilah Briarwood. She fended you off, completed their ritual, and some of their surviving cultists fled into the orb apparently to the other side. You then gathered yourselves, gathered some supplies, your information, and then proceeded to travel through the orb in Whitestone into the Shadowfell, the shadow plane, dark mirror to the Prime Material, where you stumbled upon a partially ruined city that had undergone some sort of ancient siege, and much of it still lies in ruins and disrepair, where you discovered what seemed to be two other siphon orbs existing around the outskirts of this forgotten city, leaving threads of magical energy being siphoned and transferred to a singular black obsidian tower, for whatever purpose the Whispered One, the Undying King, has for this energy. You began to make your way deeper into the city, masquerading as some undead. In the process you killed a few cultists wandering the street, and intimidated one-- Or, I should say, you didn't intimidate. You killed him, and then asked his corpse. I guess that's a form of intimidation. Probably one of the most extreme forms of intimidation, really. Discovering that this city is under the title Thar Amphala. Thar Amphala, you don't know too much about it, other than it seems to be where an ancient battle took place. Much of the undead that wanders this realm carries armaments, weapons, and symbols that seem to be of Pelor, the Dawn Father. You also discovered that there's this tower in the center titled Entropis, where all the magic is being funneled at the moment. Thus, having found this information, gathered your resolve, you continue your trek deeper and deeper into the city surrounding the tower Entropis, to discover what your purpose is here in Thar Amphala. So, Vox Machina, what do you do? It's kind of a sunless gray sky. There's some low light, like a very heavy-- Like a very dark, thunderous Seattle. It is now. So. I would say probably because you haven't cast a spell yet that would've interrupted it, it would be... But I don't think you've done anything that altered that concentration yet. I think so. For maybe another 30 minutes or so. Yes. Yeah, going through the actual portal, the spinning ball of death caused some damage. No, you have to take a rest. You do. For the next 30 minutes or so. Okay, Percy and Vex? Okay. You both throw robes on over your Seeming-altered undead bodies. Percy, you're carrying the censer? And you're all slowly clustered behind them? Okay. All right. So you guys continue moving, what's very plainly towards the center of the city as the tower stands as this giant beacon of shadow in the center of the horizon. The streets are scattered and broken. You can see there was, what may have seemed almost like a hint of cobblestone at one point, really just looks like largely broken and shattered badlands and dried stone that seems to have been pummeled by impacts of some kind, cracked into small pieces. This is a city by function and function alone. There was very little considered in the beauty of its construction, at least this far out. As you continue to press towards the center of the city-- Okay. Well, as you're keeping an eye out, I would like all of you guys to make a deception roll, with advantage. Yes. Pike? As you guys make your way further down one of the, not major thoroughfares, but one of the general streets that snakes around towards the central area of the city, some of you gently moaning and gurgling as you walk, behind you, you have Grog Frankensteining his way down the street. (laughing) The sound of your rendition, that song. As you're walking, a shadow seems to cross, a large hulking shadow crosses past one of the roads and turns and begins walking your direction. And you see ahead what looks to be about a ten foot tall, thick, burly figure of brownish red flesh, torn, and chains and hooks hanging from it. It looks to be almost like an amalgam of large hobgoblin body parts that have been sewn and stitched together with spikes and iron plates, jutting through, keeping it together at the seams. Where there would be a face, you see instead a giant metal mass that looks like a cage of some kind, and behind it these two glowing beads of yellow eyes poking through, and you watch as it just walks in a straight line (impacts). Walking in your direction. Its arms are curled in front of it like a gorilla, its fingers dragging in the dust below it. It's hard to tell. It's about 60 feet up. There would be enough space to give about a ten foot berth to it as you put your back against the side of one of the nearest buildings and let it pass. A little bit, yeah. (heavy footsteps) You guys all make your way to the side and you watch. It's autonomous, it's not being brought along with anybody. It's running a path down the road. You all move off to the side, and as you maneuver to the side of it, it gets close to the censer you're carrying, and it (groaning) puts its fingers out of the way, actually crushing some of the stonework on one of the nearby buildings to pull itself aside, trying to avoid the billowing of the smoke from the censer. It gives a dull, deep resonant (huff) in your direction as it passes, and then eventually passes by the cluster of you that have all moved to the side, after its head shifts and scans back in the path that it's walking and it moves past you, following the direction you just came from. You continue further into the city. You still hear the distant, low shrieks of the gloom stalkers (shriek) overhead, swooping past in clusters, circling around. Occasionally you watch one or two swoop down and land on a distant rooftop, and you hear the crunching of heavy stone and whatever materials were still remaining on the roof of that structure as it lands and surveys a bit, and then (whoosh) takes off and joins the rest of its kin. Okay. Make an investigation check. A lot of these buildings are hard to tell apart when they're all just in this state of disrepair and destruction. Some of them do. Some of them have windows, kind of. Possibly. Some, you can't tell if it's a hole, or a window. Or a door? As you press forward. You see some further in. The exterior appears to have been the most heavily sacked. There's been little intent to reconstruct from this point. Like I said, you're still probably a good mile and a half out from the center of the city, and as you walk further in, you can see more clusters of skeletons traveling in groups of 12 to 15, somewhat erratically. You've seen some creatures that seem to walk with an intent pattern, like they have some sort of a sentinel path that they follow to keep watch on the perimeter or the roads of the city. The skeletons that wander, the undead that you see clattering about across the dusty, cracked grounds between the buildings, are erratic, uncontrolled. Mostly it seems to be less intentionally created undead, and more just risen by the nature of the plane you walk, and haven't bothered anyone yet, or at least those who live here. As you begin walking forward, you watch as a cluster of them spills into this T intersection a little ways up, a few of them falling and tumbling and getting back up (cracking). As they cluster together, some of them bang into each other. You hear the clattering of metal from the bits of armor that still cling to their long-rotted forms. Broken bones, some of them are missing arms, or sections of a skull is exposed and cracked open on the side, where you can see what looks to be some sort of long-dried and rotted away gray matter was left to slowly collapse like a flan in a cupboard. As you begin to approach that area, they separate a bit and scatter to fill, almost diffusing in the center of this intersection, and then they contract, almost like there's a strange hive mind magic that seems to draw them back together. They're just moving in these autonomous clusters of chaos. You see on them still, similar to the ones you noticed earlier, some of the armor that they're wearing appears to be reminiscent to the armor that the black guard that you battled at the ziggurat earlier had, or similar dark metal, and others have long-destroyed, ruined, scraped and scarred bits of silver and gold armor that are emblazoned with long-ruined and defaced symbols of the Dawn Father, Pelor. They are. And you get the sense that whatever battle took place here long ago was probably between these two factions, and those that were lost in that fray have been risen over time and wander aimlessly through the streets. I called the airport to try and coordinate this time with you guys. Cost me 17,000 dollars for that one five-second bit, so enjoy it, guys. Totally worth it. You would have to get up close and that would be a medicine check. Would you want to try and make your way close enough to one of these bodies to inspect it enough? If you guys continue moving forward, you'll be at that intersection in about 30 seconds. So who's moving forward? Okay. So you guys make your way towards this intersection. You also watch as you begin to walk further in that elements of the ground are growing more jagged and craggy. You can see bits of stone and earth are jutting out in large stone spikes, either through some upheaval or elements of the tumultuous landscape long ago that just caused elements of rock to spike outward up five, ten feet in sections. You watch as you grow close to this intersection, about half of the group all at once (groan) turns and looks in your direction and begin to (footsteps). Shamble in your direction. The rest of the group noticing-- You begin blowing the censer smoke that way. You watch as three of the closest skeletons make their way into the fume and seem to vaguely lose interest for a brief moment. Yes, but with disadvantage because of the smoke. With the brief glances you have, it's hard to really tell. Plus, you're not too familiar with the overall weather of the Shadowfell. You don't know if there's enough weather to manifest as general decay, or if they've been beaten by the ravages of time, if it rains here or not. It's hard to tell. You gather it probably doesn't rain often. They're definitely hundreds of years old. That's the most you can really tell. They aren't fresh dead. These are long dead. I will say you can do that, however you still have disadvantage, because she's already taken the roll and you're supplementing her roll in a very short period of time. You have advantage on everything. I'm giving you a chance to do this when normally you would have none, so the Foresight's allowing you to have a roll with disadvantage. Go for it. Or not. Getting a glance at the one nearest to you, the bodies seem to be fairly well preserved for as long as they've been here, so you get the sense that there isn't a lot of heavy weather here at all. And given that fact, the decay that's there, it is reminiscent, maybe not quite as old as the corpse of Purvon when you discovered the tomb originally, but comparatively ancient. At least over 500 years. Good old Purvon. As you continue to walk forward, and the skeletons part around the cloud of the censer, you push deeper into the city, and they coalesce behind you and follow. They're keeping a perimeter cluster now. They're still being held at bay by the wafting of this thick blackish-green smoke that's billowing off of it, but they're staying just outside of it and slowly shambling at your speed, waiting for an opening. Destroy them, yeah. Turn them means they just run away screaming. You're at a level where you can just make them explode if they roll low. Up to you. How astute of you, I was just about to get to that. So. In the billowing smoke that's coming around, Grog, because you brought it up, as well as the twins who have relatively high passive perceptions, and Keyleth as well, actually, you glance up and notice that the erratic patterns that a lot of the gloom stalkers take in the sky, there's two that seem to be circling, and circling. One of them (shrieks), and you watch as it goes into a dive in your direction. Make a quick perception check. Okay. Both of you, really quick, you see in two different directions, past the intersection on the right, and on the left, you see two buildings that are mostly still intact. They've sustained some level of damage, but they still have two solid floors, maybe a partial roof missing, but they appear to be structurally sound enough to at least jump into. They both have doors that are partially ajar and a darkened interior. And a roof. All right. So you guys all rush into the building on the right or the left? All right, so the one that Vex found. You guys all rush into that building with Percival the last one in there. As you-- Okay. Perfect. So as you guys all rush into the building, weapons ready, who's first in the building? The two of you guys. Both of you roll perception as you enter the interior of the building. The undead that are clustering behind you are beginning to gather in a semicircle as soon as you hit the inside of the building, and they're clustering at the door as you close it behind you. Okay. As you enter the inside, you look around and you can see what appears to be the remnants of a few tables, very simple tables, that have been shattered and destroyed, broken into ruin around the area. You see what appear to be blades, two left in the wall, one broken off, in the center, that have long rusted over time. You see what appear to be the signs of bodies, blood, dark, dark dried blood circles on the ground, but no corpses, no bodies. The room itself is pretty damn dark. The little bit of light that comes in through the distant, broken elements of the wall, there's enough light where you can kind of-- it's very dim light for you, Percy. Everyone else with Darkvision is all right to make out the interior. Make an investigation check. No traps from what you can gather at this juncture. But you do hear, as you close the door and begin barricading it with Percival, you hear the multitudes of bony claws, hands, and bits of armor slamming and brushing up against the outer wall that you just came through. The doors (bang) as the undead have now clustered and are trying to push their way in. They seem to have a scent. Druids get pretty cool at 18, guys. Just saying. Timeless body, oscillating fan. Best wild shape ability ever. So as you're blowing the smoke from the censer beneath the doorway, it lessens the impacts, but the undead, more than a dozen or so of these, probably about 15 or 16 of them, have spread out, and they're all clustered at that side. The little bit of the fumes that you can push beneath the doorway are only reaching a handful, and it's keeping them from the main door at the moment. There are no windows at the front of this building. You see a sliver where it looks like a portion of the wall suffered some sort of an axe or hatchet impact a long time ago and someone tried to pull their way through. It's maybe about that wide, and that's where the one source of light is coming through. (boom) You guys hear a heavy impact on the roof above. You hear (boom) what sounds like really heavy footfalls along the roof of the building. Hold on, just a second. Okay. As you glance through and create this image, this image appears of this tiny, saucer-eyed French poppet of a girl with a little dress. Her curls are mussed up. It's missing one button eye. Yes, basically. And she goes running off, screaming and crying. You guys immediately hear the shift of the undead beyond the door (rumbling) and begin getting fainter and fainter. As that happens, you also hear (whoosh). Scanlan, you glance out and you watch the shadow of one of the gloom stalkers flying overhead swoop down and attack for the little girl. This is true. This is actually very true. Yeah. You can make her move with an action 120 feet. So the little girl goes from (whimper) to (fast running) and goes into a full sprint in a really creepy, Ring-style way. That was for you, Travis. Across the way, and you watch as the gloom stalker swoops up and (impact) slams into the side of the stone building, causing part of it to crush inward and break. The roof partially (rumbling) has to settle and it falls into itself as the creature rights itself (shriek). You now have a much closer look at this entity, and it is billowing black shadow like smoke off of it. You can see glimpses of some sort of physical form in there, but it's so blurry, it's almost like it's phasing between physical matter and dream. You're not sure what it's made from, but you can see what looks to be an elongated neck, some sort of snapping jaw at the end, and two bright, greenish-yellow glowing beacons like eyes at the front of its face. Its wings don't have skin or flesh, it's just dark smoke, and as it flaps, it leaves these trails, these curling bits like black, black, black smoke. It's wyvern sized. It's maybe 20 feet from wingtip to wingtip. No, you have not encountered a creature like this before. But you watch as it glances, and at this proximity, Scanlan, you're the one who's getting the view of this, you watch wherever it looks, its eyes seem to emanate these tiny cones of light, like little flashlights, and as it scans past, the little girl, where the beam goes past, her body is nothing there. There is on the back side, yes. It's partially covered by what looks to be debris, and it looks like somebody else barricaded the other side, but did not seem to cover both ends before they fell within this building. What are you doing, Grog? Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check. She's still there. And that's what matters. She's still there, and you watch, the creature seems confused. The eye beams move past it, and the little girl's still there crying and still darting around the area, and the creature's like (snarling), lands on the ground, and comes up and swipes and bites at her, and it goes through her form. You get the sense these creatures aren't super intelligent, but they are effective at seeing through certain glamors. It's in the process of giving up on that ghost right now. At this point, you watch as Grog goes over with his giant mitts and single-handedly shifts the entire pile over with one shove, exposing the door there before you. You open the doorway. And like the world's most macabre flower girl, you produce one of the... So as you throw the body behind you, the door's now being slammed a bit. It seems some of the undead wandered towards that illusion, some are still on the other side, and now that you've pulled the censer back from it, the other door's kind of (bangs) coming pushed in. You can see light peeking through. You guys rush out, still with your Seeming illusion on, and you hear, very loudly, almost omnipresent, the screech, the (shriek) of the gloom stalker, right around the corner from you, as it begins to take off just on the other side of the building. I want everyone to roll a stealth check, please. You do. You're getting close to the tail end of it. You have about five minutes left. Shit. So natural 20. Okay. So you all got above a 20. That's good. So you guys rush past and, quick glance around, you find one of the nearby buildings. It's a little more dilapidated, but it seems to have at least enough cover where you can all dive into the shadows and seemingly vanish. You all stand there for a second, and you're super quiet, all breathing heavily (panting), the censer still billowing this awful, awful fume. It's filling your nose, your eyes are watering instinctually from the presence. It stings just to get into your sinuses, but you're all enduring it and trying to be as quiet as possible. Make a perception check. Okay, we'll get to that. 19. It's hard to tell. It looks like where there may have been a door, a portion of the roof in here that has also collapsed, it looks like a giant siege stone, about that big, from a catapult was launched and tore through the roof and shattered that side of the building. The only way out is the same way you came in. Unless you climb up and out. But as you open the censer and look inside, it looks like there is this ember, this cluster of burning, dried herbs. You're not quite sure what it is or where it came from, but it's currently glowing red in places. It has what looks to be charcoal stones in the bottom clustered around, and these herbs are placed over it, and it's burning and smoldering over time. Make a medicine check. No, this would be a nature check, sorry. Yes, you would. Okay. I get to look this up. It's called Wild's Guide. It's a tobacco-like leaf that was used... It was briefly used for recreational smoking and treatment of small wounds, but it tended to have a very quick diseased, sickening sense to it. Those that smoked a lot tended to get sick very quickly, and it went into disuse from there. It's largely considered to be a relatively useless plant. There isn't a lot of medicinal quality to it. It's just something that exists in herbalism books, as things to avoid. You get the sense that them using it for the censer is probably not a widely known use for this type of plant. From that cluster, I'd say yeah, you can create a little bit more, but very little bit. Okay, so you spend some time there to focus on it, and from the remnants there you can make about twice the amount than what was in the censer, so you have probably a good, solid softball-sized cluster. Really? After all that, no dab joke? Anyway. I guess so. As you guys are doing this, you hear the (snarling), and you hear the (flapping wings). It's hunting from building to building. (impacts) Closer. (flapping wings) (snarling) A little further away. (flapping wings) Sounds like it, at least. Okay, who's going first? Okay. Vax, as you dart along the side, glancing up in the air, you can still see. And it looks like there is some communication, because where once there was maybe two, you can now see a lot of them have clustered closer in your direction. There seems to be some sort of an overhead hunt. You're getting pretty close, yeah. Okay, so you cast Pass Without a Trace again. So the second thing you've gathered, these creatures are not very intelligent, but they do have some sort of communication between them, and there apparently is a rush on their end to search for whatever was recently spotted. So as you guys make your way, following Vax's lead, down some of the alleyways, and begin slithering through the back ways and the small side streets, avoiding your first attempt to walk straight through the center of the town. It worked for a bit. Not every plan is going to hold you to the very end. There was some cleverness to it. So you begin to move through these buildings before-- It would be Keyleth, Vex and Vax. You guys come around one small alley and it opens up into another main road, and this road's hard to avoid. It seems to be almost a circular central road that marks the outer and inner rings of Thar Amphala. But you see there, marking right across this road, a 15 foot tall wall that seems to lock in the inner cloister of the town. Make a perception check. It's hard to tell from this perspective. You have to get a better glance. You have to find if there was a break in the wall anywhere. You do see what looks to be some variation in texture a little ways to the right. It could be a gate, it could be a door, it could be an opening, or it could be some change in its rather solid, not very varied exterior. Probably about 60 feet down to the right of you guys. Across the way it's about 30 feet from you. it's only about 15 feet tall, it's not crazy big. So the two of you dart off to the side, following Keyleth's impression of where she saw this shift, and as you make your way along the edge, you glance over and you see two things. One, there does indeed appear to be a small, cut doorway in the wall, maybe about six feet up, three feet wide, that's designed for a single file passage of any creature that wishes to move through. It's open. There's no closed door there. Above it, just above it, about eight feet up, you see what appears to be a deep cerulean blue gemstone, about two feet across, that's embedded within the wall. It's a big blue stone, about that big around. It's embedded into the wall above the door. Yeah, actually, you can. It's about three feet wide, four feet wide. The depth of the wall, yeah. It's a big, heavy wall. You two... recognize, at least, there's something very familiar about that stone embedded in the wall. It's definitely blue. It's very similar in size, installation, and functional placement as the threshold crests that adorn the exterior of Syngorn. The ones that are used to transport Syngorn to the Feywild and back. About eight feet up. About two feet above the doorway. Probably... You can see across, and it's not a straight shot, but you can get low and you can see where it breaks. Since you have a good sense of direction, being the ranger, I'd say you know it's at least under a mile. Probably less. It's hard to pinpoint directly from what little you can see, but it's definitely within a mile to a half mile of that door, that wall. The ground is unworked stone. It is broken dirt and earth and stone. From what you gather, at the very least. A heavy layer of dust. Yeah, you can probably do that. Let me look at the Stone Shape spell here real fast. Well, you look smaller. You're still your same height. Stone Shape is instantaneous, and it's a section no more than five feet in any dimension, so Stone Shape would be just a one-hit boom. You could not create a long tunnel. Oh, through the actual wall itself? Yeah, that could work. So do you want to do that? Okay. So you dart across the open road to the other side, where the wall is. Okay. You begin to do so as she runs across the road. You hear the distant shrieks, communication between the various gloom stalkers that (snarling) echoing in the sky. You make it all the way across to the wall, and get low, focus, close your eyes, press your hand against the cold, dark wall, and feel it (whoosh) as immediately, you carve a circular tunnel through that goes completely to the other side. Seemingly to no negative effect. Okay. Yeah, it's the old Warner Brothers rule. So as you guys all, one by one, dart across and leap beneath the tunnel that Keyleth had created, Keyleth, have you gone through the tunnel, or are you seeing everyone else through? You all begin darting through, one after another. Keyleth, you glance up as, at the very tail end of it, you have Scanlan and Pike at the very end, ready to rush through the tunnel. Because of the gnomish feet. They both get there as you glance up and watch as one of the gloom stalkers (shriek) and goes into a full screeching dive towards you outside of the wall. What are you guys doing? Okay, so Pike, you dart through, Scanlan, you dart through. With the size of the tunnel, it's easy enough for the both of you to just run through while crouching as opposed to having to get on your hands and knees, so you guys start making your way through to the side. Pike, you make it out the other side. Scanlan, you're halfway through. Keyleth, you're still there, ready to go in after as it's about to bear down on you. Oh, no, it's going for a straight dive. It's going right for you. I want you to roll an initiative roll to see whether or not it gets to you in time. You're halfway in the tunnel. It couldn't fit in the tunnel if it wanted to. You're watching this. Okay. Natural 19 plus three. So, as you shift down into the tiny mouse-like form, its claws immediately slam into and sink into the mouse body. Yeah, that's a 23 to hit. How much hit points does your mouse form have? Like one? Right, so yeah. So, we'll say for the purposes, one. So that would be 16 points of piercing damage, so your form immediately reverts, its claws now fill with your regular Keyleth form. You take 15 points of piercing damage, Keyleth, and you are grappled. As soon as it grabs you, it begins to pull you out of the tunnel and lift with you in its claws. You're on the other side of the wall. Scanlan's on the other side right now. Everyone else on the other side of the wall, Scanlan in the middle, Keyleth in the front. You saw it shriek and dive down, you don't know what happened from that point. You can glance down and you watch as Keyleth is being pulled up. You see that happening. Scanlan, what are you doing? Okay. So, what's the spell DC on that? That's a natural four plus three. So, as you say that and turn around, you bring your hand up and begin muttering the incantation and finish it with a flourish! As you finish the incantation, you watch as a small ring of glowing purple-pink glyphs appear like a crown around the outside, floating about three inches from the gloom stalker's "head." Its shriek goes (intense to calm croaking) and it's just there, hovering in the air, about ten feet up, clutching Keyleth. You guys watch as the gloom stalker (wings flapping) over the wall. Lands on the ground, slamming Keyleth. It slams you into the ground as it lands. You take five points of bludgeoning damage. Yes. You (wham) and almost knocks the wind out of you, and you slam into the hard ground, but the claws unfurl and leave you. Each time the target takes damage. It has to take damage to get the save. So, it's under your control for an hour or until it takes damage. (croaking) You can see that it's landed, its giant wings have folded under into these folded knuckle-like claws that hit the ground as it (croaks) and he gets really close and snarls at you. As it gets close, the air gets colder in its presence, it's almost like it brings this drop. It's already pretty cold here in the Shadowfell, but it becomes pretty much freezing as soon as it gets within five feet of you. It seems to suck heat out of the air. As it's glaring at you, (wings flapping) begins to take up. You can see three other gloom stalkers who saw it dive earlier are all arriving towards your location. As it rides up towards them, you hear (gloom stalker speech) and the other ones (gloom stalker speech) snap at it, circle it and they all have what looks like an argument, if there was. And then, eventually, they break and they begin shouting off (gloom stalker speech). You watch as the heavy clusters that had been swarming this area of the town begin to respond in kind. You hear the echoes, the cacophony of various screeches and screams and they all begin to slowly dissipate and diffuse amongst the entire city of Thar Amphala. You're not certain, based on its size, it could maybe carry three medium to small people. So, as you glance around the other side of the wall, the city is denser within this inner cloister, and the buildings all seem to be newer. Or repaired. It seems like this inner sanctum of Thar Amphala has garnished most of the attention of those that currently reside within its space. As you are glancing up, too, you see the flicker, the faint flicker of the conjoining strands of magical energy that are rising up to the pinnacle of the tower of Entropis where you see these three heavy claw-like fingers that jut out of the top of the tower all curve inward. The flash is in the center of it, it's just glowing brighter and brighter. That pulsing is (pulsing). It's almost like seeing this heartbeat of pure energy that's swelling and swelling. It's up to you guys. It's a gradual. It's not like all of a sudden, right now, you watched it pulse. As you've been getting towards, you've been watching it slowly swell. So, who knows. Make a perception check. 19, still pretty good. Not a single window. It's a solid tower. You can't tell from your perspective right now. The base is currently obscured by the very, very dense buildings. There is a top to the tower. The tower gently tapers and then comes to an end. There is a top. You see there's three giant, curled finger-like black spires that curl inward on the outside, inward. And then there's the platform where the tower stops, where it seems like there would be somewhere to stand. It's filling up the entirety of that space between the fingers on the actual roof of the tower. Yeah, you guys are about ten feet from the nearest building. This building does not have any windows. It does. (knocking) You watch as an older gentleman with a very thin gray goatee, looks a little sallow, missing his left eye, he currently has a small sack over his shoulder, he opens the door. "Can I--" (muffled yelling) No! He does a small circle as you guys all rush into the building. You enter the inside. You see what looks to be a lot of building materials. It looks like some of the outer buildings here were used as the storage facilities for what a lot of the city was rebuilt as. There's nobody else inside right now. This gentleman looks like he was on his way out of the building as you interrupted him. As now most of his head is just clasped by your giant goliath Titanstone Knuckle-adorned hand, you see a little bit of his eye peeking over Grog's, and he's like (muffled yelling). You see he's got the heavy male pattern-- looks like the old D&D Dungeon Master from the cartoon. He's bald on top, has long gray hair that goes past his shoulders. Very thin, missing the left eye, and he's just limp. He's not even going to fight it. (muffled yelling) (muffled noises) (muffling noises) You get the sense that, as you say that, it does hurt him a little. His demeanor, while already pretty shattered, just even further (sad noise). He had a small sack over his shoulder that he was leaving with. He's just adorned in regular-- No, it's currently on the ground. He dropped it as soon as you rushed and pushed him. You glance inside. As soon as you grab it, you hear the clanging of metal. You look inside and you can see what appear to be a handful of dark metal shortswords, daggers, simple dried rations, and, in fact, as you glance inside the room now, you can see a lot of the supplies here, aside from construction supplies, you see a handful of weapons that are well-made, recent-made, not seen battle yet. Make an intimidation check. Universal. 22. He doesn't make a sound, more than the gentle trickle out of his pant leg does. (laughs) Okay, as you release, he (gasps). His teeth are broken and yellow, his one gaping socket is twitching a little bit from the recovery of the sudden, rapid series of events that he was not expecting today. As he gathers his breath, and scratches the side of his leg, "So. What do you wish to do to me?" "I mean, not the specifics." "I know that some of the acolytes were rushing through, expediting things recently." "I don't know!" "They just told us to be ready." You watch him close off as you start saying that. He catches himself saying too much information. His demeanor goes cold. (muffled groaning) He reaches up and grabs the small symbol, familiar loop with the fork above it. He clasps it in his hand and doesn't resist. He's like clasping it in his hand. Make a strength check. He's clasping it, and you can see his one eye rolls back to hold onto it and he's muttering a prayer beneath your fingers and he's (muffled muttering) and you tear it from his grasp. (muffled panic) As you're saying that, you watch as one eye opens and his hands go limp and then (face exploding) and it just (splattering). Spray on Pike. Yeah! Make an investigation check. As you're having this conversation, you do find a small basin that's filled up with water. The people that live in this city still need to live. It looks like there are the means of feeding and drinking, though you get the sense that they may or may not-- most of the supplies do come from outside the Shadowfell. Okay. There's this slumped pile of dark cloth, thin body, and Riki-Oh mess on the ground. So, what's the plan, guys? Are you guys taking a short rest? You guys could take a short rest during that time, if you want to do a full scoping. By the time you come back, that spell's about to fade. So those that are traveling can't take a short rest. Well. You don't know. Yeah, you especially don't know. As you open the door, there, just landing (landing) (gloom stalker croaking). You guys climb onto its back? You climb onto its back. Touching this creature is like touching the inside of a freezer. Even with gauntleted hands, you have to wrap some of your cloth around to not give yourself frostbite over a period of time. Even resting on it, especially with your leather armors, it chills you to the bone. As you take up, and even just ten, 15 minutes into (wings flapping) up into the air, gathering as to whether you'll be noticed or spotted by this, you can feel it beginning to chill you, your teeth are beginning to chatter from being in that proximity of the freezing cold creature. It's strange, as you touch it, it feels less like fur and flesh and more like you're grabbing onto a very, very thick sackcloth. Like, it tugs and pulls and it feels almost like the scruff of a cat or dog's neck, but it has a clothy texture, and as you grab it, you can feel the cold wisps of shadow and darkness obscure your hands. You feel like you're plunging your arms into it, but you find purchase within that shadow and hold on. All right, so, as you guys take up into the sky, and you guys are taking your short rest, we're going to take a quick break on our end as well. Use the restroom, get a snack. We're taking a break here because it is 830. We are going to do another giveaway at the break here, a Wyrmwood giveaway. A fantastic flamebox elder hero vault, which is some of the prettiest wood that they make. I don't know. But it's cool! Hero vault for whoever the lucky winner is. To be a part of that drawing, rush over to Twitch chat. Tonight's password is 'secrets,' plural. S-E-C-R-E-T-S. So, when you're prompted, enter the word 'secrets' in Twitch chat to be part of this giveaway and we'll come back and announce who it is after the break. We'll see you guys here in a few minutes. [break] (laughter) We missed you, too, guys. Indeed, we are. Welcome back, everybody. First off, our winner of the hero case from our friends at Wyrmwood is Rory1177. Rory1177, you are the winner for tonight. Congratulations. Denobo will contact you and get your information and have that shipped off to you asap, so congratulations. All right, so as the rest of you are taking a short rest, the two of you are making your way, as stealthily as you can, on the back of a gloom stalker as it encircles the exterior of the Castle Entropis. First off, I would like you both to make a stealth check. Okay, so you guys begin to circle the exterior of the tower, making a wide spiral along its exterior. You make your way up. It's hard to gauge the full height of this tower, but it's at least six or seven stories tall, if not taller. I want you both to make perception checks, please. Perception check. He's curled up within Vax. Not even a top or bottom circumstance. You're just within. 26. Okay. No windows. It is a solid tower, completely around as you cycle around. As you get towards the top of it, you notice the three curved fingerlike spires that curl up at the top and the pulsing of the energy. You watch as these very faint tendrils of magical energy that you've tuned in to be able to see better, now that you know what to look for, are all-- from this height, you can see the long strands are undulating and shifting, almost like the very winds of the land are causing them to rotate. You can see the variations in their form, but they're all still merging and entwining at the very top of Entropis. You see nothing. You can see what appear to be a cluster of about 30 or so figures all gathered along the top of this. You can see what appear to be three glowing spheres in a triangular pattern around this that are accepting the tether of the magical energy, and then suffusing what appears to be a small altar of some kind in the very center of the top of this tower. You've been circling here for about 15 to 20 minutes or so, and the energy (explosion noise) untethers and unfurls. There's a shockwave of warmth that cascades outward from the top of the tower. Both of you feel it pass through you, and that freezing cold that you've been trying desperately to hold at bay as you're clutching onto the back of this gloom stalker, this heat wave moves past. The gloom stalker (squawks) instinctually pulls back, and you can see for a second it drops, and you feel your stomach bottom out as it loses about 20 feet of elevation before catching itself again. And you watch as any of the others that are currently cycling around the stratosphere over the city of Thar Amphala also are taken off guard by the sudden burst of energy. As you glance over, you can see the tethers that connect have all fallen and faded. (music changes) You also watch as about 25 or so of these figures at the top all collapse at once. There are some left. You watch and very faintly, you can see on that altar in the center, there is a small bead of pure, vibrant, bright white light. You watch as a robed figure that previously was held in the shadows emerge. You're too far away to make any more details than that. It goes into a rapid dive, making its way back towards where you left the rest of your party. The rest of you, you can go ahead and regain your short rest. You get your Wild Shape back. You can spend any hit dice to heal up if you'd like. If you haven't already. Okay, good. I also need all of you to roll a wisdom saving throw, please. Everybody who was on a short rest. All right, so. It's not a "magical" effect. In the rest you take, the Shadowfell does not seem to have any adverse effect on your presence. There's no "however." You complete your rest fine. You guys all gather your stuff, you take a breath and prepare for the next leg of your venture as the door to your building slams open, Scanlan and Vax arriving, just leaping off the back of the gloom stalker that they had under their control. Who is also about to lose its... You can spend a little more time on it. It'll take a few days of getting that to happen. You didn't. You may have heard something strange, but it didn't really catch your attention. You guys spent your time resting on the inside of the building. You guys rush out and peek outside of the doorway towards the top of Entropis. You see that the glowing pulse is gone. The energy tethers from the siphons are gone. Perception check. That's enough. Yeah, you're still in the Shadowfell. (sounds of relief) That would have been three that you noticed. Yeah, you were probably about 300 feet out. Kind of, yeah. It seemed to be prismatic. You've seen Prismatic Spray. It's a prismatic spell in nature but you didn't really research any means of defeating it or bypassing it. At the very base-- -- it's about 170, 180 feet in diameter. It deals 50 bludgeoning damage to any structure in contact with the ground in the area when you cast the spell. If it drops to zero hit points, it collapses and potentially damages nearby creatures. So the question is, do you think that'll be enough to drop a solid obsidian tower? In this house, you're a little over a half mile away from it. So this house is just outside of the perimeter wall of the inner cloister. You haven't been close enough to really tell, but it looks to be made of a very thick, dark obsidian or onyx-like material. There's no technical window in this building. There's the door. So you look out the door and glance through. You do notice, there's no panic, but you do see a number of-- and this is interesting-- you glance out, and you don't see any undead wandering the streets of the inner cloister. At least, not like the outer area was. You do see-- make a perception check, actually. You see, throughout the street, which, the street from here gets about halfway to the tower before it hits a building and curves around. You see maybe 35 or 40 total people in matching or close cultist robes or similar colors, all making their way towards the tower. You can tell with the loss of magical energy that they've been tossed askew a bit. Their patterns of circling and being intent, they're a little more scattered a bit, but there are still maybe a few dozen that look over the inner cloister. There were faint orbs that were taking the energy and focusing it towards that center altar, and when everything faded after the shock wave, what you saw looked like the tiniest star. It was just a speck of extremely bright light that to look directly at it hurt. Do other things, you can't do another concentration spell. Yeah, what's the plan, guys? Okay. Seeming lasts for eight hours, so you're still under the guise of that illusion. You would have four cloaks, because there's two you got from the outside at the ritual, and there's the one from the guy you killed when you got here. Well, technically, there was the two that you killed when you got there, but you didn't say you grabbed those. Oh, you did, you grabbed them off. So that's two, five, six. You have six cloaks. That was included. You guys all throw on the-- Six cloaks, seven players. You guys are straight-up doing-- I am so proud of everything that has just happened. (laughter) Yes, they are. "There will be no survivors!" It retracts into a dagger now. All right. In a hip montage, you pull out the various cloaks, assemble your materials, getting ready. Scanlan hops on top of Pike, the cloak is placed over you. You get your sleeves ready, and you all walk out into the cold air of the Shadowfell, making your way towards the center of the city. I think you may have said that before you went in, just in case. I assumed that was the case. It varies. Not everyone seems to be missing a hand, but most of them are missing an eye. All right. You guys make your way up the street, following behind the few stragglers that you see trying to catch up with the rest of the groups of people that have filtered out of the buildings and made their way towards the center. You make your way through some of the side roads, following around, and you can see now that the closer you get to the city, the more the structures, the buildings here, are built in a spiral. The roads don't intersect at spokes, they all gradually curve in to the tower. If you're looking at it overhead, it looks like this large spiral into the tower, like a pinwheel. You follow the curvature of the road, which prevents you from seeing the end point, and as you begin to get close to some of the clusters of people that are walking with a brisk walk, but still walking towards the tower, you fall back a little bit to not draw any attention. As you're making your way there, you watch as two individuals hurry up that were a little bit behind you, and rush up to the side and are walking in pace. They glance over. One of them, who appears to be a younger man, probably 18, 19 or so, who's got this little patch of reddish brown chin fuzz and looks a little malnourished. He still has both eyes. He rushes up real fast, his hood pulling back a little bit, and he's looking around, excited but also with trepidation. "So it's happening, huh? It's really happening!" Make a deception check. He looks at you and goes, "Oh! I didn't know the Whispered One takes the special ones, too!" "I don't know." "I'm pretty low on the totem pole here. I'm just excited to be on the right side of history." "All right." And he rushes up past you guys to try and catch up. Not yet. You're about maybe 1,000 feet or so away. Perception check, Percival. No one's seen you, currently. It seems that whatever piercing vision they have, it does not seem to pierce robes. Okay. Then you as well make a perception check. 23. Okay. You glance about, and there are a lot of buildings here with vantage points. They're all similar heights. There are a few that are outliers, but most of them are one and a half to two stories, like a one story with an attic or an attic space, like a half-story. Or two stories. You do check a few that are third-story, and a lot of them are almost in steeple-like spires at the top. You start to notice there is a theme. A lot of the buildings closer to the tower are built in a similar theme as the tower itself. You begin to see the edges of the roofs curve up into their own spikes, and the further in you go, the more dangerous and unwelcoming the deeper inner cloister of Thar Amphala is to witness. You can see now certain people are climbing onto the roofs. They're getting up there, almost like they're preparing for some sort of a festival or a fireworks show. You notice, Vex... There's been no change in daylight or nightlight here. It's been this constant deep, dark gray gloom that hangs over the Shadowfell, unchanging, unshifting. There's a creeping brightness on the horizon that you feel rising. And you watch as that creeping brightness forms a dome over your space, and then comes to a close over the top of the tower, and where once there was this gloomy skyscape, you now see what appears to be a brighter, clouded sky. The temperature grows a little colder, and you begin to see snowfall. Gentle snow begins to fall, and you watch as some of the cultists surrounding start reaching up and catching it in their hands. Make a nature check. You have no direct idea of where you are, but based on the weather that you left Whitestone in not too long ago, this isn't Whitestone or near Whitestone. The weather patterns are a little more classic snow. It's the tail end of winter in a few places. You guys are about now within 500 feet. As you guys are holding hands, a voice begins to ring out. Omnipresent. Directionless, like it's being positioned directly into the minds of each of you from wherever it stands. It's an unfamiliar voice. The words creep and curl in, like they've always been resting, and now is the moment is for them to reveal themselves. "I would ask you to listen before you make a fool of "yourselves. I've watched you since you stepped into my domain, and I'm not going to lie, it's "been entertaining. I admire your gumption. It reminds me of others who have tried what you are "trying. But they're dead now, so I leave the choice to you. You can either walk away, or you "can join me, or you will die, and join me anyway." All right. As you guys clasp hands, and begin the intricate incantation for the Earthquake spell, you can hear the cheers of people on the rooftops. They're standing up now, and they're all shouting, "Yes! Yes, I hear you!" You get the sense that perhaps you weren't the only ones that have been spoken to, although the conversations may differ from individual to individual. As you guys complete your incantation, you watch as the dust begins to rise around the base. You see Entropis begin to quiver back and forth, and you watch as everyone begins to rush to the edge of the rooftops, then rush into the streets to look up, their hands raised to the sky, not sure what this means, but basking in whatever glory this next sign or omen is to be. You watch as a loud, shattering crack sound hits, and you watch as one large, snaking, carving line begins to work its way up one side of the tower. Up another. And the collective gasp of hundreds of voices across the city seem to echo, (gasps). You watch as one side buckles, and the tower begins to slowly (rumble) to the ground. It's falling not towards you. But not the entire tower. You glance up and watch as the very apex, the three-clawed top of the tower, is just there, in the sky, held aloft, unmoving, as the rest of the tower seems to have (rumble) broken away, and as it falls, this slow, terrifying collapse, you hear the rumbling of broken stone slamming into earth as clouds of smoke, dust, and dead earth are kicked up from the impact of this falling tower, completely enswirling the center of the city with debris and darkness. You watch as cultists go running now, their faces filled with fear and confusion at what this suddenly means, what's happening. As the dust washes past you, it gives this haze over the sky, and slowly comes to fade. You all, taking in what's happening, watch as that one apex of the spire slowly makes its way down to the surface of wherever you are on top of the rubble that once stood as Entropis. You can only assume. You're too far away. You're 500 feet away from this. It's landed. It settled itself. It's kind of cocked to one side. For it to land in the rubble, it's not a perfect platform, it (rumble) and comes to rest at a very faint angle among the ruined, broken, jagged obsidian pile. It's a thousand million flecked arrowheads all jumbled in this broken glass-like landscape of destroyed tower, and there, the very zenith of this once-grand structure sits resting, waiting. Your cloak tears around your body, Incredible Hulk style as your form ruins what remains of the black, sheared fabric that once, even by the stretch of the imagination, pseudo-hid you, now... Exactly. It's almost like one of those Chippendale neckpieces. What you see is a number of cultists that were running away from the tower stop and see this, and then, almost instinctually, go to defend. Make an intimidation check. And go scattering in other directions. You see some are rushing towards the tower to see what happened, to see if anyone's okay. There are a lot of cultists that were crushed, you imagine, on that side of the city, especially since they were clustering at the base for whatever this was. But many more are still out in the streets as you guys walk (footsteps), making your way towards the central tower. You make your way down the ruined city streets of Thar Amphala. Amongst the snowfall that's now beginning to gather on the tops of your heads and your shoulders and your wings, and along the sides of the street that hadn't seen snowfall, probably ever. You make your way past the final boundary buildings, the cultists just letting you pass, looks of fear, looks of excitement, looks of knowing, looks of understanding that you probably walk to your deaths and I want to watch this happen. You begin to step over the rubble, your footfalls finding the grinding, high-pitched cracks of broken glass-like obsidian beneath your feet. There you look up, and can see about 25 or 30 feet of the tower top is resting at an angle. You can't see what's up on top of it. No windows. How do you wish to proceed? As you guys are getting yourselves prepared, that voice returns to you, echoing through your minds once again. "I am genuinely impressed. I'm excited. And I would like for you to remain to "watch my ascension, but far be it for me to rob anyone of a fine death, so come. Come, and be the "next sacrifice for the new age." So, via broom... Help me put this down right... There. This is also true. Please. Indulge me where you're coming in from. And these resemble the three curved spires. Yeah, they curve upward and stop about there. No. They come to a point. You rush. We're looking for landing placement, here. This'll come into play, here. Grog, where are you going? Right there. Vax. There you are, Vax, right there. Pike and Scanlan. Because you took the carpet, you're going to have to be near Grog for where you guys land. Going to be the circumstance there. Percy, you just run up the side to get there? If that's the case, then I'll say that you're landing. Oh, you had to go get Scanlan? If you guys had leave Scanlan behind, that's a whole different thing. Okay! That's Scanlan. (laughter) As you guys arrive, the floor is just surrounded in bodies. Cultists of very ornate robes. Mostly you've seen peon-based black splatters of sackcloth, what was available. No. these are well-adorned and appear to have been very well-regarded within the Remnants. You also see, on this side, what appears to be-- sorry, on this side would be Delilah Briarwood. On this side, you see what appears to be a black, armored, massive, not quite goliath-sized, but a thick, dark black knight of jagged dark metal armor, what appears to be a longsword that emanates this dark energy, and floating above-- You see a man, though the flesh is pulled tight against a skeletal frame. You see long, red and purple and black robes that are tattered and drift below the breeze and cold gently blowing by. You see a field of crackling energy just bursting around the outskirts of his form. You see one hand is out, in a welcoming position, while the empty wrist that once contained a hand is now open on the other side. You see the bald, hairless head, which is covered in spots and tugged open, bits of flesh that have curled away from rotten decay. You see the cheeks sunken in where the skeletal teeth are now emblazoned in a terrible grin. You see the right eye, and the gaping hole where a bright green, bursting, flaming vacuous void where an eye once was now drifts off a trail behind it. You see there, reborn before you, the Whispered One, the Undying King. Vecna himself. I would like you all to roll initiative. (screaming) Marisha actually has a page for it, if you want that. My teeth hurt?! What's that? Your initiative is whatever the creature's initiative is, which is its dex modifier. A full rest would have been maybe four or five hours ago. Initiative order. 25 to 20? Fuck, guys. Guys. Grog, what's your dex? Okay. Technically, you rolled the same initiative as the death knight, so he'll go right after you. 20 to 15. You had 18, 17. Oh yeah! Totally! All righty. So. Okay. Beginning of the round. So many options. (groaning) Okay, so. Vecna, as he stands there, seeing the beholder arrive over the edge, seeing the paladin in the sky, seeing the rest of these individuals cluster in, goes, "Very well. I wanted to talk more. Please, sit." I need Scanlan, Vax, Grog, Keyleth, and Vex to all make wisdom saving throws, please. He is that creature. So. You resist. You feel the force of his magical prowess coalesce like a cold vise on your brain, and your body seizes, holding taut. And you're all held. You fall straight down 80 feet. Take 32 points of bludgeoning damage, Vax. And you are-- Oh god! Prone, there. The rest of you are also held. No. Correct. Nope! And he's going to go ahead and shift up about 20 more feet and kind of glance over the battlefield a bit. (chuckles) Apparently. All right. That ends his turn. Delilah's now going to go. TRAVIS and It's wherever you're facing, but he hasn't had a turn to go yet, he basically just arrived. So it would be kind of in this path here, wherever you would have come in in this regard. So it would be this direction. I'm checking right now, actually. At the start of its turn, which way the cone faces and whether the cone is active. Anyway. Three of you. You're paralyzed. Which means you are incapacitated, you automatically fail strength and dexterity saving throws, attack rolls against you have advantage, and any creature that hits you within five feet, it's a critical hit. Delilah is going to move. And is going to step over Vax's body on the ground. And looks at you. It's been a while, my dear. (yelling) Yep, so make a constitution saving throw. You're held, but you still make a constitution roll. No way! So you take half as much damage, which is good. All right, so instead of 61 points of necrotic damage, you take 30 points of necrotic damage. You okay? That'll end her turn. Grog. Your turn happens at the same time the lair action happens. And the Death Knight. He's going to go directly after you. You guys going on the same turn, I gave you a little bit. You watch as the bodies on the ground quiver (sound of bones cracking) And begin to rise up around you. And this will be there. So they all rise up out of the ground, these basic skeletons, and they all get one attack. So against Percy, this one moves in. Rolls a natural one, misses entirely. One of them's going to strike at the beholder that's up in the air; that's going to be a 15, what's your armor class? 18. Just ricochets off the armor. There's one here that's going to go toward Pike. And you're not held, right? You resisted it. So it's going to go ahead and make a strike on you; that's another 15. Just hits your armor and scrapes off, no effect. This one's going to rush forward, two against Vax on the ground. It has advantage. That's a 19. To attack you. No, it has advantage against you because you're paralyzed, so yeah, it would be one straight roll. The first roll was 19. No. Your armor class is 21 naturally? Yeah, so it still misses you. The other one, no, misses. Both of them just miss you. The effect of the 9th-level spell is just enough of a vibration that the attacks are being-- You're moving just, (grunts) ever so faintly out of the way. One attacking Keyleth. That is a 24. So you suffer eight points of slashing damage. And then Vex, that is a 12 to hit? And a 20 to hit. Neither hit? So as they're striking you, they're hitting the armor, it's just not cutting through. They can't seem to get through it. So that worked out okay in your favor. Grog? You're paralyzed. I believe you make another saving throw at the end of your turn to try and shrug off the effect. Nope. But make a wisdom saving throw. Nope. You're still locked in place, unable to move. A natural 20 would break it. Actually, you know what? No. He's gonna stay back there and move this way to get out of the way. As the Death Knight kinda steps over to the side, you watch as this small sphere of darkness begins to (crackling sound) into his hand, and then throws it with an arc, in a 20-foot radius centered on a point that it chooses. It's legendary resistances, not actions. You get to reroll-- Unless it doesn't have it. No, the beholder does not. It's not that powerful. All right, I need Pike, Grog--it's a dexterity saving throw. So Grog and Scanlan automatically fail. Percival and Pike, I need you both to make dexterity saving throws, please. Right. You take a total of 35 points of fire and necrotic damage. You take 35 points of necrotic damage, and because you're resistant to fire, you only take 17 points of fire damage. 35 points. 17, yes. Yes? What're you stoppin'? Was a 23? On being held? Still fails. You took 70 points of fire and necrotic damage. Not as a beholder, no. Okay, that ends the Death Knight's turn. Vex. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. That's cocked, roll again. Nope, still locked in place. Pike. Okay, which cures...? Then, yeah. Grog, you are cured of paralysis. You feel your form freed of the effect of the spell. Do you want to move? There are one, two, three, four, five over there. You already used your action to cast a spell, so. Okay. What level is Shield of Faith? Okay, yeah. So there you go. Just mark that for yourself. All righty. Do you want to move, or are you going to stay where you are, Pike? Okay, so you move around Grog and get right about there. That ends your turn, Pike. Vax, make a wisdom saving throw. That ends your turn, Vax. Percival. Okay, so minus five to the attack roll. You rolled a 19, yeah, which you have now at level 18. This is with which gun? This is Bad News, you said? Go ahead and roll the Cabal's Ruin damage. The actual hit from Bad News does nothing. The non-enchanted attack from Bad News hits and dissipates across his form. It's not half damage. Nothing. This is Vecna. Cabal's Ruin is considered magical damage, so that will go through. You gained the grit back, though. No. Wait, technically, they would. Technically, they do, because it is a crit. All dice double, yeah. I don't think so, because it's an outside effect. No, you know what? It would because just like any other critical effect, yes, it would. It would. 72. He will get 15 because he's resistant to lightning, so he takes half of that next time. Yeah, for 36. That would be 18 as half that. DC is 18 to maintain concentration. Yeah, he saves. Barely. By one. By one. She's over here. She just stepped over Vax's paralyzed body and threw a Finger of Death at Vex. Okay. Okay. 14 does not hit, unfortunately. As you go to fire-- Gives a plus ten? You use War God's Blessing as a reaction onto Percy. As you go to fire, you feel the presence of Sarenrae coalesce around the blade, and you hear a little whisper over your shoulder say, "There." And all of a sudden, clarity comes into frame and (gunshot) you fire Bad News towards Delilah. Go ahead and roll damage on that. She's not even going to spend a Shield on that. It's way over her AC. (gunshot) It blasts, and you see the robe tear open on one side. She's like (cries out, breathes heavily). You glance over with the scope and see as she turns and looks at you. You can see, what you didn't see earlier, is one normal eye she has and one yellowish-green eye with a cat-slit pupil. All right, that ends your turn, Percy. Scanlan, go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. Okay. As far as the ray that you have, the eye perspective, you're hitting right there, so you're just out of range to get rid of the paralysis from Vex and off Vax. If you manage to break from this somehow and you rotate, the spell would have no effect while it's on them. No, you are not. Correct. Or if you shoot something through the cone, it will dissipate. Yeah, probably. You're just outside of it. Probably. You can angle it that way, yeah. Keyleth, what are you doing? Also, I need you to make a concentration check. Yeah, transformation. You do. How much damage did you take on that one, total, from the blast? From the blast that you took on that. You have to beat a 35. That would have been concentration. Constitution saving throw. In theory, Scanlan, before it came to your turn, you dropped your beholder form. The spell maintains itself. It's your mind it affects. Any spell still carries over the effects on you. You can't wild shape and-- He lost concentration on his big spell, yeah. I'll let you remake that saving throw with your constitution. Sorry, your wisdom. With Scanlan's wisdom. Yes, because it is magic. Yes, you can. 24 is just enough. (relieved laughter) No, that's the end of your turn. Keyleth, what are you doing? Who? No, next turn you'll be able to move. You're not sure. You'd have to eyeball it. You can move through Trinket. You'll get two attacks of opportunity from two skeletons. You'd have to leapfrog over Trinket to get there, but you can do it. Delilah's over here. She and two skeletons right now are lording over the paralyzed Vax on the ground. Yep. They don't do a whole lot of damage, but damage adds up. You're going to move straight up to her? You can, yeah. Both skeletons get attacks of opportunity on you. That's a nine and a 12. They both hit you, but the mantle writhes out in front of you. You watch as various leaves unfurl almost like a cat's fur on the back of its neck, and it deflects the blows from the skeletons as you rush past. Okay. Make a melee spell attack. 18 is exactly what you needed. That's her armor class. She now is affected by Mind Fire. She's now considered confused. She's under the effects of the Confusion spell for as long as it lasts. Does that end your turn, Keyleth? It lasts for seven days if she fails the saves. She has three saves in a row, and if she succeeds, it goes away. If she fails, it lasts for seven days. We had this discussion before, because in the ability, it has Slimy Doom, which whenever it takes damage, it becomes stunned, which is the most broken-- I know, but I think the DND ruling, technically, they have to fail three saves before it affects them. I know. Look. I'll say this. I'll let Mind Fire work on her for now. No, you didn't piss off the DM. This spell has a lot of contention in the community, but the official DND ruling was it doesn't affect until they fail all three rolls, but as it's written, it doesn't say that. It says they're afflicted on being hit, so I'm letting it go through because you didn't choose the cheesy-ass stun-lock broken spell. Which is what I'm saying. This is between what's written in the spell and the arguments that people have made with DND on Twitter, and they clarified that's not how it works. It's a mis-type. It wasn't clear. I'm letting it work. Be happy with the book. At the end of your turn, Vecna's going to use some legendary actions to cast a spell. (groaning) He's going to cast a 7th-level Fireball right there. I need Keyleth, Vax-- you don't auto-save, yeah. Yeah. Keyleth, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, please. The skeletons are obliterated. That's a surprisingly shitty roll. 38 points of fire damage to Vax. 38. I know. I rolled really shitty. 38 to you, as well. 38 to Vex. And 38 to Trinket. Delilah? Yeah, she did. She can't save against his shit. She takes it and (grunts). It made sense for the circumstance. She's up for the sacrifice. All righty, that ends Keyleth's turn. Top of the round. Now it's Vecna's go. This is the altar. You'd have to go check it out, if there was anything. He's shifting in the center and looking down for a bit. He goes, "Well, sleep." This is not a concentration spell. He casts Power Word Kill. That's just what he said. You utter a word of power that can compel one creature you see within range to die instantly. If the creature you chose has 100 hit points or fewer, it dies. How many hit points do you have? Insta-full death. No. No death saving throws. You watch as the life suddenly fades from Vex's eyes, and she falls to the ground. I'm sorry. It's now Delilah's turn. She turns and looks at you, Keyleth, and goes-- This is Delilah. "You took him from me. Now I'm going to take him from you." She points down. I have to check what she does now. This may make the change. I get to roll a d10. A ten. It's right there. I'm sorry. I'm rolling really well. I'm sorry, guys. All right, so do I have to roll for an attack on this? Creature has to make a dexterity saving throw. Hold on. That's 76 points of damage from the Disintegrate spell. It's force damage. Disintegrate's force damage. You watch as Vax's form (fluttering noise) turns to dust. Leaving the armor of the Raven Queen empty on the ground, the daggers (clattering). Grog, it's your turn. It's a dexterity saving throw, but he's still paralyzed. You automatically fail dex saving throws when you're paralyzed. At the moment? From Delilah? She's within 40 feet of you. Yeah. I'll let you do it. You have your ability back, so I'll let you try for it. You roll and add your charisma modifier. Plus two, because you get plus two bonus, so 13. He's not a war bard. He's a lore bard. Peerless skill. When you make an ability check. It's an ability check, technically. That means you can spend another bardic inspiration to it because you're at a 13. It's a 17? The spell is a 6th-level spell. The DC is 16. In this flash of vision, Keyleth, you see this happen, and then the bit of inspiration from the Raven Queen that's been trying to push through whatever is keeping her vision at bay here. Your vision flashes back, and then you see Vax on the ground, the extended finger of Delilah as the green energy begins to spiral up from her finger, and Scanlan in the back just says? Delilah goes, "What?" and the spell (fluttering noise) dissipates. (sighs) Yeah. That being the case, Delilah is going to go ahead and go. You do get an attack of opportunity on her, Keyleth. Straight melee. 13? No, that misses, unfortunately. Okay. Grog, it's your turn now. Okay, so you're going to pick her up and move? You can pick her up and move and then throw her to give her the most distance, but you can only move half your speed as you're carrying her. It's essentially an agreed-upon grapple. You'd be able to move 25 feet with her. You can, but I don't know how far you'll throw her that way. It's up to you. You can stay where you are, if you'd like to. You are raging. (counting) That's as far as you can get right there. Okay, make an athletics check. (impact) You land right in front of her. She watches you as you (footsteps) run around the side, leap, (impact) right in front of her, this giant, hulking form of muscle. You have two attacks. 28? Yeah, that hits. 27 does hit, yes. As you rush forward and cleave into her with hit after hit on the axe, you watch as her imposing form is battered around and slashed apart, and as you finish and withdraw the axe from the two strikes, you see her already clutching her stomach. (panting) No. Just an action surge. Okay. Go for it. Two more. 28 hits, definitely. 31? All righty. Second attack? Jesus. Yes, that hits. You slam her with the two extra attacks, knocking her back. As the two additional axe blows slice across the front of her chest, one gets her on the side of her chin. You can see, you've carved the cheek open and broken teeth, and now when she looks back to you, you can see all of her back molars and teeth now, this horrible Joker grin on one side of her face as the blood leaks out. You can see the one gleaming greenish-yellow glowing eye flares open at you. She (spits). That ends your turn, Grog... All right, so ghostly claws begin to spring up from the ground in a 20-foot radius. Claws, yes. Right there. I need-- Vax fails. I need Keyleth and Grog and Trinket to all make dexterity saving throws. Sorry, strength saving throws. I'll let you. I'll let you, in the purposes of you being dead, Trinket is going to act on his own to defend you. Grog? 22. You take five points of necrotic damage, and are not grappled. You take ten points of necrotic damage, reduced to half, five, because of your armor, and you are grappled and paralyzed. Keyleth? 22. You take five points of necrotic damage. Ten, and is grappled. Trinket's speed is zero. All right. Welcome to the God Wars, guys. (heavy footfalls) With these heavy, armored footfalls as it walks, with its fingers forward, it begins carving this sigil in the air. Grabs it and turns it, and as it turns, you watch the same sigil runes appear around Grog and begin to spiral around you. Make a charisma saving throw, please. Grog, you vanish. (groaning) You appear on the ground in the Shadowfell, in the gaping crater where Thar Amphala once stood. You look around, up to the familiar cloudy, dark sky, and are alone. Nobody's around you, although you do look up and see maybe a dozen or so of the gloom stalkers, swirling up ahead. They haven't noticed you yet. Keyleth, perception check. Perception check. You do notice, the armored death knight still has a hand out after Grog's banishing. This doesn't appear to be Plane Shift. We are at the end of the death knight's turn. Vecna's going to use two legendary actions to cast another spell. Vecna's going to shift further back on the field to there. Why wouldn't he? As he glides over, he looks down and sees the mess that Delilah's currently in. Looks around and sees the options and says, "Well, I hate to see work unfinished." Disintegrate again. This is the next round. He moved out of your range. Now you see as a green ray fires down from the Whispered One above, and within an instant-- Not on your turn. You turn to dust within the armor. Where once Vax stood, the vision you saw flash you thought might have been a warning, instead it was an omen. You look down and see the raven wings turn to ash, and now there is the empty armor of the Raven Queen, the daggers clattering to the stone. Pike, it's your turn. You could hold your action and he could bamf you over. If you wanted to do something like that, you'd have to begin casting it and hold your action for him to take his turn, and then you could take her there. It's you, Percy, then Scanlan. Delilah already took her turn. Scanlan? Sorry. Percy, you're up next. She's still standing. 28 to hit? That will hit. Okay. Necrotic damage doesn't do anything, unfortunately. Okay. She's looking really hurt. How do you want to do this on Delilah? As she turns around, you watch that side of her face explode, and she falls back, the force of it knocking her off her feet. She (impact noise) scatters across the stonework. You glance over, and you can see her looking face-up, and the little green eye in the socket turns and looks towards you. The eye turned and looked at you from within the socket. He currently has a longsword in one hand. That's all he's currently holding. Okay. That hits. He gets a 20 exactly. 15 plus five. But he did take the damage, so he has to make a concentration, which he makes. DC 11, because it's half the damage. Most of the impact deflects off the plate. 27? Okay, that hits. 17. You watch as he's concentrating on that one spell, and as the one shot hits him, the second one, he puts his arm up and seems to deflect it with his hand. Yes, he did. I forgot to mention. Vecna took extra damage from your crit earlier. That was a 16 and a one, so with his constitution bonus, he saves. He maintains concentration. It's hard to break. He was designed for that. Okay. All right. End of Percy's turn. Scanlan. Percy, do you want to move on your turn? I'm letting you know, as it currently stands. Delilah's down. And two figures that look pretty much untouched. Scanlan? I'm saying, be mindful of your choices. That's up to you. You do have one of them down, and you have two-- Scanlan? You get a d12 that you can spend on something. Which, as you release Revivify, you reach down and grab the cold, lifeless hand of Vex. I need you to roll a wisdom check. Should she need it. No. It's not a saving throw. It's just a check. Roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. 18? Yeah. Your breath comes in. You look over to your side, and you see Delilah on the ground, her head scattered and exploded on the ground, the one yellowish-green eye still moving around and taking in the scenery. You glance up, and you see Vecna still lording over, a big smile on his face. You see the other armored knight walking around, the plated black helmet guarding any expression except for these glowing red dots, the eyes that peer through. There's the dust and his equipment. Those are the two things that are left. All right, so you get your hands up in the armor and some dust and you gather it in your hand. There's Scanlan. There's you. There's Vex, Pike. Well, Percy's there and Grog is somewhere. Yeah. Level two? Because you've already cast Revivify. So 2d4 plus your wisdom modifier, I think. No, because you already took your turn. So that ends your turn? Scanlan, you moved up there and you grabbed the stuff. That's your turn. Keyleth? You can arrange as you wish. Each cube must have at least one face adjacent to the face of another cube. Yeah, you can. Choose a location you see within range, so I don't see why you couldn't. You can create a lava fall, essentially. You pick one, and then you create a bunch of cubes that chain off it. Probably not. Not without hitting Scanlan or yourself in the process. We can try it. Are there any material components for Fire Storm? No, there is not. You can cast that in your form. You levitate up. We'll say right there. I know. This is rough, man. We'll say there. How high did you want it? How many cubes is it? That's ten, nine, eight, seven, six, five, four, three, two, one. Just barely get him. Just barely. Hold on. Not legendary. As you swarm up and begin to formulate the spell, Vecna looks at at you, and you can see with the vacant space where the hand is, there's almost an arcane flash of a hand that goes, (clicks tongue). He's going to attempt to Counterspell you. It has to beat your DC. No, sorry. The level of the spell, which would be 17. Which succeeds. He rolled a 14 plus ten, so 24. As you formulate the spell, you watch as the flames sputter out. You were about there, and with your flying speed, you can land back down on the ground if you want. Sorry. Is that your turn, Keyleth? Okay. It feels awful. It legitimately feels awful, but we were building to this for a long time. I've got to play it. Not a god yet. That you know of. He's going to use his last legendary action at the end of Keyleth's turn to cast a cantrip at you, Vex, as you just got back to consciousness. He's going to reach out with a Flame Bolt. You did. You did taunt him. Disadvantage because you're prone on the ground and it's a ranged attack. That is a two plus 16. That is an 18. I rolled a natural 20 and a two, by the way, so if you weren't prone? As he points down with his still-missing hand, releases this bolt and you see this flare up in the air and rush towards you, and you roll out of the way and it (impact noise) slams into the stone below you. You hear it crack and break the area where your head once was. Now it's Vecna's turn. That was a legendary action. Okay. Vecna's going to lean down, seeing that you just brought life back to Vex-- "Join your friend." Okay. Roll a d20. Natural one? 7d8. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. What did you roll? No. You take 67 points of necrotic damage. No, he'd already used his Power Word Kill. Remember, he's not a god yet. All right, and he's going to move back a bit, frustrated at the-- At your attempts to Counterspell. Actually, no. He laughed at that. "Nice try." All right, that's going to end his turn. Delilah's out. Grog. Make a stealth check. Nope. As you're there, Grog, you hear (screeching). A cloud of screeches, as about nine of these gloom stalkers all start (whoosh) going into a dive towards you. Nothing. It's a crater. You're where the city used to be. You have at least a mile to each side of nothing but crater. That's your turn. Okay. Ending your turn. Dark energy suffuses the landscape in the area. Actually, no. I'm not going to use that one because nobody has necrotic resistance right now. More undead are going to pop up. Let's see how many. That's actually a shitty roll. Four undead pop up. All righty. That's going to be an attack on you. It has advantage because you're prone and it's in melee. That's a 17. Still doesn't hit. High armor. You're ducking out of the way. The skeleton is (tink) hitting the ground. It's also attacking at you, Pike. That's cocked. Natural one. It goes to strike you, and it doesn't even hit you. The holy symbol of Sarenrae flares, and it (raspy cry) pulls away from the blast of vibrant, radiant energy. There's going to be one attacking you, Scanlan. That is a 20 to hit? All right. You take eight points of slashing damage. And attacking you, Percival, that's another 20. It hits you. You take 11 points of slashing damage as it cuts through you. Steps forward, seeing Scanlan attempt to shrug off all these spells, comes rushing forward, and you watch as its blade begins to empower this dark, black shadow, similar to the gloom stalkers you've seen before. As he brings the sword and arcs it down with tremendous might, you hear the crack of thunder as this Staggering Smite slams into you, or tries to, at least. Shitty roll. 16 to hit? Okay. You take ten points of slashing damage, plus 17 points of necrotic damage. And as part of the Staggering Smite, you also take 14 points of psychic damage, and make a wisdom saving throw. 17? His spell DC is 18, unfortunately. On a failed save, you have a disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks, and you can't take reactions until the end of your next turn, so you can't Counterspell. Oh, but that's a concentration spell, so he's not going to maintain the concentration. You take the damage, and he lets it go. You don't have a disadvantage. Otherwise, he would lose other bits of concentration. All right, so that brings us to Vex. Your turn. Yeah. Sorry! Sorry, guys. You walked into the lion's den. Go for it. Greater is 4d4 plus four. Keyleth moves last. Keyleth and Scanlan. Go for it. 21 actually hits. Scanlan and Keyleth. 56 points of damage from one shot. That is a 23 on his strength save, so as the arrow hits, you see the burst of flame. It pierces the armor, and you see the brambles extend and tear around him. He looks up at you and you watch as flames (fire noises) burn out of the armor. The arrow burns away, and the brambles ignite and fafll to ash around him. That's going to be... half of 56? Oh man, he's going to have to roll really high. TALIESIN and Hold on. Half of 56 is-- 28. No, he rolled a 19 plus five. (cheering) All right, that ends your turn, Vex? Go for it. All righty. You can sense there's shadow and smoke pouring out from under the armor as the frustration of lost concentration is there. The second arrow hits the shoulder. Staring straight at you, angrily. That ends Vex's turn? Armor, daggers. Roll an investigation check. You rustled through the dust when you went through and spent the turn grabbing what you can. You get most of his important magical items. And a little bit of dust. Yes, after Pike's turn. What was the last one you countered and failed? That was on Vecna's turn, so when it comes back to your turn, it will be. It's an action to do that. Okay. That's Pike's turn. What level? No, because you already did a higher-level. You can't do that, unfortunately. At the end of your turn, Pike, Vecna's going to go ahead and cast-- you hear the voice enter your mind once more, Pike. "Don't worry. If you love her that much, I'll send her to you." Make a dexterity saving throw. Let me see if it's dexterity or constitution. Let me check real fast. That is a dexterity. Make a dexterity saving throw. All right. You take 78 points of force damage. 78. However, if it brings you to zero, it turns you to dust. But the armor. As soon as you hit zero, the armor flickers in, and the divine-- Yep. As the ray hits you and you feel your flesh begin to dissipate, the blessing of Pelor and the guidance of Sarenrae flicker into you, and you watch as light and flames (explosion noise) burst out of her like a Doctor regenerating. As the fire consumes the area, roll your damage for your armor. Thank you for reminding me of that. To all hostile creatures, correct? Not all creatures? That's a very important distinction. Okay, so as the flames burn out, you watch as the skeletons that catch flame, their bone burning to black, but they're still standing. Okay. That brings us to Percy. That hits, yes. He's pushed ten feet? Does he make a save for that? Scanlan, you're up. Level four, it's 9d6, yeah. He did not make his save. He rolled a nine plus six. 15. He has advantage on his saves against magical effects and spells. He rolled worse. 35 points of damage. The bolt (lightning noise) through him at the same time he's blasted back by Percy's hit and skids. You see the smoke rise up. Like the Terminator, he keeps moving forward. Yes. At the end of Scanlan's turn-- He is going to take a shot at Pike with a Firebolt cantrip. That is a 21. What's your armor class? I rolled a five. It's a cantrip. It fires the bolt towards you; you're barely holding on. As you turn around, the flame hits you, but your armor absorbs it. No impact. Okay. That's the end of Scanlan's turn. Keyleth? Are you turning back to your form, then? Vecna's going to attempt to Counterspell. That was some old-school Magic The Gathering shit, right there. So 7th-level Counterspell. Yeah, you don't have to roll. (cheering) Yeah, no. The only spell he even had left to Counterspell was 7th level. Yeah, (poof). As the glyph of shattering begins to coalesce around his fingers in one hand and the wrist on the other, you strike up a Counterspell of your own. The last thing you hear as the spell begins to take effect is the whispered voice of Vecna throughout all of your heads say, "What?" (laughter) And that's where we're going to end. (groaning) I'm so sorry. We're going to have some discussions. Marisha. We'll have some discussions. Anyway. Thank you guys so much for watching. Thanks for kicking in for a taste of the final arc. Holy shit. Oh man. There was part of me, where either they were going to end up waiting-- if that didn't break concentration, they were either going to wait for you and probably lose a lot more, possibly Keyleth once she realized what was going on. Or left without you. You would have come back. This is true. We'll pick up on this next week. Me, too. All right, guys. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful night. We'll see you soon, and is it Thursday yet?