Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. I think we're recording, because my camera light's not on, but nevertheless, welcome. (laughs) I'm pretty sure we are. Anyway guys, welcome, we have a fantastic guest who will be joining us later this evening, but before we get to that we have announcements to go over real fast. First and foremost, tonight's episode is sponsored by a new sponsor, a fantastic group called Quidd! If you want to talk about that first? Fair enough. Well, thank you for the update on that, and thank you, Quidd for sponsoring tonight's episode. Really appreciate it. All righty, let's see. Do you have any merch updates at all, Laura? There you go. Perfect. Good, I like it, thank you. The Green Ronin Campaign Guide. Pre-orders go up on Monday, guys! Yes, and if you get the book and the pdf, I think the pdf is available immediately, so some of you will have access to actually read the book on Monday. I'm so nervous. (laughs nervously) Probably. Do you know how hard it is to get crayon printed these days? Well, I hope you guys enjoy it, so look forward to that. The podcast is now episodes 11 through 20, right? Up on the Apple Store. So you can go ahead and download those, which are awesome. Yes. And those are the ones. Of course we'll have Talks Machina next Tuesday at 700pm about this episode tonight, here on Twitch and Alpha, 700pm Pacific, with our fantastic host Brian Foster, so you can check that out. Wednesday Club next week for you? We're not having a show next week, we're going to be at Comic Con. Yeah, we have a week off. So we'll miss you guys next week, but we do have our Critical Role panel on Saturday at Comic Con, it's at 1030am in Room 6... It's a nice big room. You guys should come, we're going to have silly questions, Q and A, conversations, stories and a lot of funness and some cool surprises! SAM and Surprises! So hopefully you guys can make it at San Diego Comic Con. If you're going to be there we'd love to see you. And last but not least, Sagas of Sundry Dread. The third episode went up today. MATT and I'm going to marry you. (laughter) Inflatable d20s to throw out there... This is a terrible idea. Anyway, without further ado, I think that concludes our announcements, and as such, let us dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] You're looking at the series of the Sun Tree cousins, one of which you've met, scattered amongst this glade surrounding the central citadel. You have the guards behind you, the large planetar and deva entities that stand there, armored in their golden plate, after ushering you out, are standing guard. Standing a full ten feet taller than you, practically, the wings slightly bent, the large planar entity kneels down. "Hello." Make a perception check. Hard to tell. You didn't pay a lot of attention. "I imagine the same way you came in." "Across Elysium, there are two deities that call it home the Dawnfather and the Everlight." He looks very closely, and you get sense that part of its nature is scanning through you; it's getting a sense and a read of you as an individual, and it says, "No one you need to worry "about." Stands up and then takes two steps back (heavy footfalls) into place and looks straight ahead. Still looks out. Doesn't respond. To remind you of what happened last time. There was talking about possibly... or at least there was the Trammel, the Prime Trammels that were used previously to seal the Chained Oblivion, Tharizdun, and that the orchestrator, the designer of those was Ioun, the Knowing Goddess. Ioun, however, has sealed herself away, being a wounded god, long recovering, and the only information that Pelor has of where she hid herself, the key, essentially, is not an object but a person. You're seeking an individual, of which you were given a solar light map of a single small home in a forest ravine not far from a place that you've noticed was near the Pools of Wittebak, which is in the Cliffkeep Mountains. Well, the Divine Gate is a known existing entity. It's essentially a large gate that prevents the gods from returning to the Prime Material Plane. Cliffkeep Mountains go across a lot of the northern side of Tal'Dorei, from what you're familiar with. Like, we're talking Kraghammer to Gatshadow to the Jorenn Village. There's a lot of things. It's like a big horizontal mountain range that caps the top part of the continent. Fort Daxio or Kraghammer. Probably Terrah or the Pools of Wittebak. Those are the two that are closest. Terrah's not your home. The home away from home. Yes. Oh, where? You did, yes. It seemed to be hundreds of miles northwest of Vasselheim. You didn't sense any movement, but you knew the general direction and distance. Correct. Yes, Laura? That's okay, I remember what it does, and if you decide to use it-- I won't tell you. You tell me you want to use it. All right, so what would you like to do? To Terrah, all righty. No, you didn't sense any effects from that fruit, at the moment. No, you didn't. Nothing really caught you up to speed, in that. There are no fruit-bearing trees directly near you. The Sun Trees are around you. Further in they do, yes. All righty. Bringing up my notes on Terrah, since that's where you're going. You weren't given any indication as to how many you needed. All right, so as you complete your spell, Keyleth, you step through the base of the nearest tree, possibly the same one you spoke with earlier if you want to be a dick about it. All right, you aggressively stampede through the center of this one tree and emerge on the other side from one of the surrounding trees on the Terrah village. There are a number of these pseudo-petrified or dried-out large-trunk trees that seem to have slowly died off from the heavy tectonic shifts and small quakes that happen in this area, that have made a lot of the land unable to support large forms of plant life, or at least the trees that used to exist here. So you step out and emerge from the exterior of the village as it domes down into this small crater that you recall seeing before, where most of the village inhabits the central portion, and the village is there before you. The shard things? There wasn't really a name for them more than they're small pieces of essence of the deity. No. In a sense that it's a small source of power of some kind, but what you saw there was maybe about that large on the platform. What she has is bead size. Comparable to each. So you stand outside of Terrah. What are you doing? Based on when you left, it would still be probably-- well, you were over in Vasselheim, which means it's getting dark, actually. I'd say with the way the sun has passed through the sky now, you've just gotten past dusk. There's still light in the sky, but it's going from oranges to purples to dark blues on the horizon, and you can see hints of firelight, torchlight and candlelight from within the actual city below. You can sense him. He is, from your current location, thousands of miles from you. Yeah, very heavy west-northwest direction from you, currently. All right. So as you walk down into the village, a number of the guardians step out quickly, seeing an approaching party, however, recognizing Keyleth and her station immediately, turn into an escort that leads you to the center portion of the village. Quickly enough, they go and retrieve Pa'tice. You see the elderly form of the leader you've met before step out, the graying hair, the weathered dark skin tones, the long greens and brown leathers that drape off, showing hints of the knees and lower feet, the large walking staff that he carries at his side as he approaches and the headdress that seems to be a combination of thick twines and shale shards that have been woven in, steps forward. "Keyleth. An unexpected visit, "most definitely." "Kaitiaki." "We have food, yes. You are guests of Terrah. Please, we will provide whatever you "require. Come, provide them a meal!" And he puts his hand out and they run off quickly. And quick as that, you guys make your way down. It's a modest meal, but it's a meal nonetheless. Mostly hunted creatures of the local mountainside, some dried beets and root. (laughs) Pa'tice, who's sat down with you, says quickly, "We have been made aware via the other "Ashari that there is some danger possibly coming. We are awaiting word of what to do other than keep "ourselves in a defensive position. We have to guard the rift, of course. But should there be a "call to action, we'll do what we can. I'm unfamiliar with this Vecna, but whatever you plan, "please be careful." "We are quite good at assembling makeshift and temporary lodging. The rock is our friend, if "you will." "Of course, of course! Not a worry." "Have you asked Pyrah for aid, as well?" "Well. Good. They're closer. But we're happy to help if we can." "We're happy to help. Where are you off to?" "What brings you towards the Pools of Wittebak?" "It is a series of poisoned wells and hulking, stupid giants." "Yes." "It was once." "They're geothermic large puddles across the mountainside. Various minerals being lifted up "from the deep waters beneath the mountain. Heated, bubbling, boiling, steaming. But the giants moved "in hundreds of years ago, stomped around, and ended up filling the entire subterranean gnomish "city of Wittebak with fumes and poison. Killed most of them, and the rest fled to Kraghammer." "Best to avoid, we have our own business to deal with. And it's 100 miles from here. It's not "much of an issue." "Well, some are toxic, some are not, but since the giants moved in and ruptured some of the "natural formations, some of them have grown toxic or acidic, yes." "If they are, they're foolish." "The dumbest. Hill giants." "Easy to outsmart, difficult to outrun. They'll eat anything, even small little gnomes." "I know of the name." "We're not the most devoted people." "I can't imagine I'd have any information you wouldn't." "My apologies." "Yes! Enjoy your meal!" And he gets up and walks away. You do recall the map that was shown to you by the Dawnfather Pelor. It was adjacent to the pools, not actually in the Pools of Wittebak. It was within a forest, and was a home. Lodging is provided for you. They have a number of various guest tents and small buildings that provide you with space. Not the highest of quality of places you've slept in, probably, and if you wanted to provide your mansion instead, you're welcome to, but ample food, quiet sleep. It's a comfortable evening's rest. You all find yourselves through the evening. As you sleep, and having this being the first time many of you have slept in Terrah, it takes you a while. There is just a general low hum or vibration to the ground that you sleep on. You get the sense it's probably proximity to the Rift, but there is this slow, perpetual (rumbling). It's like a weird, low rumble. Like a heavy bass sound that never seems to dissipate that you hadn't noticed until you were trying to quietly sleep. But it's not off-putting and within ten or 15 minutes, it actually almost helps to lull you to rest. You all come to in the morning, gather your supplies, and are preparing for the next leg of your journey. What do you wish to do? You may. All right. Any other attunements, anyone wishes to-- All right, to acid. Boom. You may. They're lodging made from large pieces of shale and rock, jammed into a somewhat triangular pattern to form an earth yurt, if you will. (laughs) Keyleth darts off in the distance and the two of you are left within the tent. Okay. (laughs) His skin is colder than a warm body, yes. (very slow heartbeat) Yeah, he bleeds, and it's a pretty open wound. You watch as the wound slowly seals itself up. Got your shoes back. Keyleth returns with some coffee. The rest of you come to consciousness, and the morning sun is now blaring down over the Cliffkeep. It's a strangely clear sky for the north. While a lot of it is relatively cold usually, you're used to seeing the snow- capped mountaintops-- oh, you found it! There you go. So bringing it back in, guys. Yes. At some point. So what do you guys want to do? So you're traversing via your Wind Walk? Pike taps you on the shoulder and is like, "I'll teach you that later." Curse you, Blindspot! That's up to you guys. So preparations being done, you gather your materials, Keyleth completes the Wind Walk spell and you all feel yourselves grow slightly lighter on your toes. You concentrate. Over the minute transformation, you turn into your mist forms and take off in what direction? Okay! Well, you have Terrah locked down. The Pools of Wittebak would not be on your specific map that you acquired earlier. You can ask around within Terrah within a brief time and figure it out. Somewhere between 100 and 120 miles, and he points in a specific direction. You mark the sun's traveling and where certain landmarks are. It's an eastward direction from where you are. That's weird. I'm putting points in my nature skill. Or survival, I guess. Anyway, too many editions in my head. (laughs) As you all take off into the morning sky, you begin to rocket over, and you're hitting jets of wind that are beginning to find their way over the mountain ranges, and you get blown a little off-course, but you maintain concentration as best you can in that direction. Who is leading this venture? You knew of it, yeah. Right. Okay, cool. I need you to go ahead and make a survival check. Actually, for this, I'm gonna say-- yeah, because it would be tracking in the wilderness. So survival. It's mountains, technically. Then yeah, roll again. Okay, that'll do it. Your speed is tremendous when in this form, so what would have been an extended trek on foot over a series of days, it takes you mere hours to eventually get to a point where you crest one heavy peak. On the opposite side, you can see down the cliffside, the edge reaches a slight precipice, and there you can see what looks to be for a mile or so a cluster of dozens and dozens of pools of water of different sizes, all jammed together in a geothermic cluster, where you can see bright greens that move to a deep orange-maroon at the edges from the various mineral deposits that have collected over hundreds and hundreds of years. You can see large columns of smoke and steam of different chemical colors rising out of various large pools, and at a glance down, you can see a number of shapes a number of hulking, humanoid shapes; somewhere in the neighborhood of 40 to 50 or so scattered at different pools, moving in small clusters or gangs. Some of them are jumping in, cannonballing and swimming through the actual pools. Some of them are lounging around and lying. Some of them appear to be returning, dragging things from the nearby forest on the eastern side of the bank. Essentially, for a few hundred years, you get the sense that the Pools of Wittebak have been a hill giant water park. You can see these large mounds of mud and scrap wood and things that have been built into these large hill giant domiciles onto the side of the mountain not far from the pools. It's become a definite hill giant wandering zone. So do you guys continue over the pools, down towards the nearby forest ridge? All righty. You come to the forest ridge, and you can see it's not thick forest. The ravine comes down off the precipice where the pools are. You get a few hundred-- I'd say, actually more than that. A thousand or more feet away from that precipice before plants even begin to grow. It looks like whatever toxic chemicals have burbled up in some of these pools have made a lot of the ground there unable to give any forest life or sustain any large trees. As soon as the forest begins, it's a dense little pocket, maybe a mile and a half, two miles across. That's what you've got. What do you guys want to do? If you guys begin to do a loop-over, who's doing a quick pass over the patch of forest? All right, make a perception check. Okay. Glancing over, you don't see any major glades or clearings. There doesn't appear to be any sign of bastions of civilization or any sort of logging going on. There's no areas where trees have been cut or cleared. It's a featureless forest top, from what you can see. You can go down into the forest, if you'd like. All right, who's going into the forest, then? So with Pike following suit, you guys all swoop down through the boughs of the trees and into the center of the forest itself. Within there, it's not a super thick canopy; it's not as heavy as the Feywild or some of the recent forests that cluster around Vasselheim. There are breaks in the canopy where you can see the sunbeams come through from the morning sun that's rising up higher and higher in the sky as you've traveled. The mist has burned away in this area, so it's a nice, warm forest. Glancing about, there is a lot of life in here. You can see signs of squirrels. You rush by what was a family of wolverine-like creatures that are rustling by. As soon as the wind scoots in and your mist forms come rocketing past, they all scatter and run off into the shadows. There's a lot of forest ground here to cover. For you to really super track with advantage, you'd have to go into human form. I'd give you a regular roll if you want to try and track in your mist form. I'd say make an investigation check. 27. Begin coasting through tree after tree through small, tiny bits of clearing that immediately come into large clusters of trunks and knotted branches that all merge and cluster at different intersections. After about 20 or so minutes of this, trying to do a large spiral around the forest inward, out of the corner of your eye, Vex'ahlia, you glance over and see a quick glimpse of something that appears to be more structured. You look back and rush over and there you see amongst the trees what appears to be a humble-looking two-story home. You see a small balcony built on the second floor that goes over one of the larger rooms in the bottom floor. It's not huge, by any means, and is hidden by a lot of the local brush and trees there. Can't get a lot more detail at this distance, though. You take your form? Okay. So all of you land and follow Vex? You all take a minute to go back to your physical forms. You glance over, and there it is, standing before you. It's very shaded in this part of the forest. You can see a little bit of what looks to be interior light, very faint. Make a perception check. It would be a little small for you, Grog. But you could walk in it. Proportionally, it looks maybe like it was built for a little bit of a smaller person. That is investigation. 18. Okay. So you guys begin to slowly-- Okay, so what's the marching order? From this current glance, no. You guys are behind a tree at a distance. Currently, no, but you're keeping an eye out. Who's leading the charge? We have Scanlan and Vex'ahlia. Is Trinket within your necklace for this? Okay, Trinket is out alongside you. Grog? As you get across this small walkway towards the front, as you're walking with a big smile, Vex'ahlia, something catches your eye on the ground right before her and you watch as she steps forward. You reach out and grab her wrist and hold her back before she steps down. There is a large, rusted, iron bear trap that is open that you almost stepped right into. Trinket walks up to it. (growling) (bear spitting) It's not very-- it's more of a power drool, if you will. You can walk around that one, and you begin to see what looks to be seven other ones that are clustered around. You begin to walk around. Yeah, you would, actually. As you step around one, you can see, at the front door, there is a welcome mat that says "welcome." As you're approaching it, you can see the welcome mat, there's just something a little off about it. Like, it's raised higher than the ground should be. Are you stopping her from doing that? Yes. You walk over. You look and you watch. There's a small cord that is hidden amongst the brush that runs from underneath the mat through a small ring that goes up from the house, then up a branch or vine, so it's hidden amongst them. You look straight up about 40 feet, you see a nice, solid, thick trunk that is just (creaking). Right above the door. So knowing this, you walk over and grab the cord. Looking to see where the leverage is, you motion to Grog to come over and hold it. You find another piece of heavy stone that is by the wall to the side. With Grog's help, you snip it, bring it over, and tie it onto the edge of this piece of the stonework, like a small pole that was placed at the base of the house. It holds the weight of this suspended trunk and it no longer triggers based on the step. Make an investigation check. 18. It does not appear to be trapped, per se. It does appear to be locked. Which as a note, the door, at full height, is about at the shoulders of most of you. You recognize this. This is definitely a homestead built on the scale for probably halfling or gnome. It's still pretty big for a gnomish home, meaning it's a little more spacious headroom, you'd probably be able to stand in comfortably, except for you, Grog, you're probably a little hunched. Okay. There is an awkward pause. Darin, if you want to go ahead onto the stage, please. (cheering) You weren't supposed to tell them. So you hear amongst your business for the day, out of nowhere (knocking) on the door. Okay, you hear (clicking) what sounds like six or seven different locks unlock on the door, as it slowly swings open, and before them what do they see? You watch as two tiny red claws come around the corner as these tiny, impish wings unfurl. You watch as a tiny imp releases from the edge of the doorframe. (wings beating) "Get out!" (door slamming) and slams the door. You hear muffling argument through the door as the voice goes, "I'll stay where I damn please. "You gave me permission to stay. If anyone is going to leave, you're going to leave!" "Sounds like a lot more fun than having to deal with you on a daily basis, you son of a--" The door creaks open once more. "Sorry." (door closing) Make a performance check. It's been a long time since you've heard music, let alone one that scratches an old memory of childhood. It's nice. You see the imp in the back going, "Ugh! Stop that racket!" "I can, but it'll cause your ears to bleed! It sounds like this." (screeching) "You're such a liar!" The imp (poof) vanishes before you. Sure. You watch as this large, gray-skinned mountain of a man crawls his way in. You could duck-walk through if you really wanted to. This is worse than Gandalf in Bag End. All fours is probably the most comfortable means of transport through the house. But you walk in and immediately, you watch as your new gnomish friend is going around and quickly disabling small things, putting small keys and tying off strings and wires you saw that were set up around portions of the room. This place is a hoarder's den. You see shelves and shelves of books and papers and scrolls and stacks of them. You see on bits of furniture and chairs more stacks of books and sacks and satchels and quills and inkwells. Some spilled and left and dried long ago. This place is very lived-in, very chaotic, and very unique. Make an investigation check. Okay. You do see there's one portion of the floor that he keeps avoiding, instinctually, that catches your attention. You're like, "why does he keep walking around that?" The imp just appears across the room and just goes, "Good one. That was-- I am "so sorry." Pike goes, "Why?" "Could I just touch your hand for a second? Is that okay?" "Just to see if we can help your day." "Probably not." Pike goes, "Please?" She grabs your hand and concentrates for a second, you watch as the holy symbol flares for a moment and the warmth passes through her arms into your hand. And it feels nice. It's like holding a freshly heated cup of tea. And as the spell completes and she pulls back. "That's all. Thank you." "Right, okay. Okay." "Ugh. Just one moment. What?" "What code would you wish?" "Goliath grab. Good luck!" "O? Huh. I'll tell you what, I've got your back." Make an arcana check. Roll a d20 and add your arcana skill modifier to it. 15. You don't recognize what he's holding in his hands, but you immediately see the leather casing around it, and your essence being able to read certain elements of magic-- It does appear to be a powerful enchantment, whatever he has procured from the bag. "It was all me." "Unfortunately." "No!" "No! Why, because he asked me?" "Oh, it's not our home." "My master died trying to get in here on one of the traps, and now I call this my home." So you're showing him the residuum piece? All right. So this is a sliver of what looks like green glass. It's finely polished, about that thick, that long. You've read about this. You've read that condensed residuum is very susceptible to enchantment and/or the focusing of short-term magic spells. It's expensive, it's lauded, it's hard to find. You watch as it darts out of your hand and wisps up, maybe two feet ahead of him, and slowly rotates above him as he inspects it. (demonic cackling) "Only if it bothers you, Ioun's Champion!" "She's a heinous bitch who got what's coming to her 800 years ago." (flapping wings) "What?" "Right, all right." You guys can hear all of this. "We'll stick with the device. I've got your back." "You will." (cackling) "Go get her, tiger." "No!" Up into the corner, (hissing). Turns invisible. You hear the tiniest little demonic fart by your ear. You go over and start walking towards the edge of the nearest bookcase, and all of you at once-- everyone but Sprigg, actually-- suddenly hear a voice come through, filling your mind, filling your consciousness, filling your ears. Sourceless, delivered to your consciousness directly. "Thank you for showing me where he is." And that's where we're going to take a break. All right, we'll be in just a minute. We'll be back here in a few minutes, guys. For the Twitch giveaway, we have this awesome Peruvian walnut dice tray, leather interior. It's very nice. It's the same type that I have, actually, back here, which is nice. Giving it away for somebody in the Twitch chat, so run on over, and the code for the evening is Sprigg. S-P-R-I... G-G. Double G. So pay attention in the chat. When it's time to, go ahead and enter Sprigg into the chat, and one lucky winner will be announced when we get back here. See you guys in a few minutes! [break] Last we left off, you all, almost all of you, heard a singular familiar voice. The low, gravelly undead voice of The Whispered One fills your minds, saying, "Thank you for showing me "where he is." In that moment where you all pause in place, you hear a series of simultaneous sounds (arrows firing) as a number of heavy crossbow bolts from nearby windows all fire simultaneously at Sprigg. No, you do not. This is a surprise round. So that first one is a 24. What's your armor class? Okay! So you take 23 points of piercing damage. That's 17. That misses you. It strikes your shoulder and glances off. One bolt sinks into your chest and you look down and you see it's this big, long heavy metal bolt and it's jutting out from the side of where your shoulder and pec is. Another one rushes by and glances off your other shoulder. The third one-- That hits. That's a 25. That's 23 points of piercing damage. That one actually misses; a six and a one. It slams into one of the nearby books right behind you, barely moving past your cheek. Fifth one, that is a 19 exactly, so you take 24 points of damage. They're all sneak attack. And that is 20. Another one. That one's going to be 26 points of piercing damage. You guys watch as all these bolts (arrows firing and impacting) into Sprigg's body and Sprigg falls back, unconscious on the side of the room. I'm going to bring out a map now. Moving the top floor off. Sprigg is currently unconscious on the ground there. Percival was there talking. Trinket is off to the side. The imp is not currently visible. Pike would be over on the side here. Keyleth, Vax, where would you guys see yourselves right now? Actually, tell me where you would be. I think that's what I'm trying to ask. As I chuck you onto the ground. Yeah, comes back in a day later. All right, cool. So you're there holding that. Scanlan, where would you be? All right, so I'll put you right there next to the scroll in the ground. Yes, actually, I can do that. None of you know this, except for you, which is actually why I'm not going to show you. You know how to avoid it, but nobody else knows where it is. The front door is right there. You watch as one that was up in the stairs vanishes up top. He fired, and then ducked up there. I need everyone to roll initiative. Yes. Including you, even though you're on the ground. 25 to 20? Oh wow, so we have Percy, we have Grog, and Vax. Okay, 20 to 15? Yes, actually. Okay, yeah. Okay. All righty, anybody else? All right, so top of the combat round. The surprise round is done, you watch Sprigg fall to the ground, bolts sticking out of the side of the neck, the shoulder, and the body. Unconscious, now beginning to pool blood underneath where he's bleeding out, and you glance around and you see a series of shaded figures in the windows that all dart out of the way. Percy, you're up first. Which, for the purposes of this, I will place the upstairs over here. So as you dart up, Percival, you run up the stairway there where the one guy you saw was standing. Yeah, he ducked out of the way, and there's also one figure that you recognize from the Shadowfell earlier. You see one of the ghastly creatures that was darting through the ruins leaping from from rooftop to rooftop. Its skin is grayish and long, its limbs lanky, its fingers curled into claws, and this long tongue dangling from his jaws, it's getting ready to run down the stairs as you charge him, and it goes (growls). Okay then. All righty, so what's the saving throw on that one? Okay, so you have to roll first to see if you hit it. 18? Yeah, that definitely hits. It hits, and you watch as you pull the sphere out and chuck it in the direction of the creature. Pulls its claws back, slams into its chest, and then unravels. It falls to the ground, prone, unable to move, right there in the middle of the floor. Was that your action, there, doing that? You spent your action--? Not really. You load up Diplomacy. Good. That's your turn, Percy. Grog, you're up. Yes, you may. He fell right there, on the ground, currently bleeding out. You rage-run just past Percival and you see there's one creature bound on the ground and there's another guy who's there with his crossbow, he's trying to reload, who sees Percival and is getting ready to pull it up as you leap in front. Go for it. Roll for a double attack. 32 hits. Second attack? Hits. Go ahead and roll damage for both. 25 damage on the first hit? Nice. With your hammer, two hands, whack right across the side of its head. You see the jaw unhinge from the side. As he pulls back, it's hanging loosely there, and the second hit you clock right in the side of the temple, and it nearly goes unconscious, and picks itself up again, gets its crossbow ready. It's still holding. It's not down yet, but it's hurt badly. You can see now, up close, you can see these figures, they're dressed in very, very tight black leathers, cloaks enshrouding their body, the hood is still up, but you've knocked it back. There you see a human male in his late 40s, early 50s, the head shaved completely bald, a tattoo of black tendrils around the left eye, and the left eye is missing from the socket. That's your turn. All right. Grog's done. Vax, you're up. There's also a window here, a window here, and a window here. Just so you guys know, and a window here, if you wanted. You're on the balcony now, looking right about here. Make a perception check. 19 plus 14? Yeah, you do see them. And you glance down, you can see they're hiding amongst bushes, and they're specifically stealthed. But you're keen of eye enough to see where they're placed. 27. Okay. You're not sure if they see you or not. Right now, you are currently up here. So you glance off and you can barely see one that's over the edge of the roof right there. That's the only one you can see. So you barely see the edge of one there. Sharpshooter. I'd say yeah, you can. You can hit both, if you want. 28. He does not see you. So you have advantage on that if you want to roll again. Pike did. 11. Typical Pike. 60 points of damage? As you chuck the dagger, like right towards where the center of the shoulderblades connect in the back he (groans) and you watch as the crossbow that he had drops to the ground and he crumples over on top of it, but he slowly starts getting to his feet out of the bushes. He looks really hurt, but he's still standing. And you appear right next to him there. You have attack-attack as a paladin. 30 hits. That is a seven. No. Four plus three. So the second dagger, you shiv him in the side and he (groans) goes to spin with the heavy crossbow and try and pull away, and as soon as the poison through him he goes, (gurgles) and you can see blood vomit down the front of his chest, his eyes roll back and he twinges and falls to the ground. Yeah, and he's hidden, but he's like (scared, heavy breathing). Okay, he's trying to see that you're not being seen. Okay. All righty. You hit him and you stand there. You're right in front of him now. All righty. That ends your go. As you appear over on the other side, you realize that over in the clearing there, there is another one of the robed figures, this one clutching a long, black, smooth staff that crooks over in the front that looks like a hand holding an eye. You guys don't know that yet, just him. Ending your turn, Vax. That guy on the ground is going to try and break free. That is a 17. DC 20? It struggles on the ground and can't seem to break free of the current magic manacles that hold it in place. Another one of these darts through the window, leaps across the way, right in front of Sprigg, and you being right there, Scanlan, goes, (angry hissing) and lashes out at you. Makes two claw strikes at you. First one is 16 to hit. All right. You suffer eight points of slashing damage, and I need you make a constitution saving throw. 16, okay. No, it is not magical, but you feel this pulse of some sort of necrotic disease hit your system, and you just manage to shrug it off. (relieved cheering) That is 30 points of slashing damage on the second hit. Make another saving throw, please. 17. The second strike hits you and you feel as the side of your torso gets torn out of the side, the blood splatters onto Sprigg, who's already bloodied and now there's gnome blood on gnome blood. As you reach for your side, however, it does not take effect; you manage to shrug off. Yeah. That ends the shadow ghast's turn. Sprigg, I need you to make a death saving throw, please. Roll a d20. LIAM and Okay, so you're okay for now. You're stabilizing. You're not bleeding out, yet. Mark a success on your death saving throws there. Scanlan, what are you doing? Actually, before he even does that, what are you doing on your turn? That roll wouldn't matter because he may heal you before you come up. Don't worry about it. So how much does he heal? You heal 13 hit points. That roll doesn't matter. You hear this echoing song in the back of your head. The second song today you've heard from your childhood. You come to consciousness. You wake up and look around you and you can see him singing to you as this giant horrible necrotic creature is looming right in front of you. You have metal bolts sticking out of your chest and an old sensation you haven't felt in a long time courses through your body, which is the need to survive. It's both of your turns at the same time. What are you going to do? So what are you doing? There's bookcases here, bookcase there. There's books strewn and clustered in these corners. Okay. Currently there's a bunch of books up here on a shelf, you can pull them down on him if you'd like. So from the ground, you yank a bunch of heavy tomes off of this large shelf that goes flying towards this creature. I'm going to make this a dexterity saving throw for it. What's the DC on the telekinesis ring? I'll pull it up here real fast. Looking up magical items really fast. I have it here. Oh, it's for the spell Telekinesis? That's right. What's your spell DC? 17. No, that's a failure. So for this, go ahead and roll 3d6. The guy failed. He didn't dodge out of the way. He's like, (confused snarling, book impacts) and gets pummeled from behind by a bunch of tomes, books, and random glass baubles that were on the shelf that shatter against the back of its head. Then add your intelligence modifier. 17, nice! 17 points of damage to that one. As you slam it in the back of the head (impacts) and it doubles over and (snarling), its long tongue slashing around. You're still on the ground, and it's over you. Is there anything else you want to do on your turn? You hear nothing. That is an action to do that, so if you have a bonus action spell, you could do that. I believe that's an action to cast, unfortunately. You can do that next round. The attack was your one action. You can stand on your feet, if you'd like to. Got it. That ends your turn. Now, these guys go again. This guy's going to move in. This guy is still standing and is going to drop the crossbow and pull out his shortsword. Is going to go ahead and attack you, Grog, first. That is 13? And a 27. You take five plus four, that's nine points of slashing damage, reduced to five, yeah. Round down, so it's four. Struck twice, missed both. Both of these guys are going to fire at-- one of them's going to fire at Sprigg on this end because it's their goal, here. With disadvantage, that is a 16? What's your AC again? 19, yeah. It darts over you. It misses, it hits the side of the wall. The other guy's going to strike again with disadvantage. That's a 14. And you see the other guy pulling back with a crossbow and fire. You roll out of the way and it (arrow vibrating) into the wooden flooring right next to you. No. That one is going to attack you, Vax, because you're right there in front of it. That's going to be a 13. Does not hit. Second strike, another 13. Both of its shortsword attacks, you duck out of the way and dodge, moving around very quickly. All righty. Those two right there, one of them is going to, because it saw that you got up, Scanlan, they're going to fire two bolts directly at you. That is a 16 to hit? Okay, and the second one is a 24. You are currently in base-to-base with one of their companions, so they both get sneak attack on you. 19 points of piercing damage from the first hit. 24 points of piercing damage from the second hit. And then they both duck around the side here. They both, we'll say, they vanish from sight. You're not quite sure where they are right now. Those two also duck out of sight, not quite sure where they are, either. That ends their go. Now, the guy in the back right there, who noticed Vax show up, is going to, after you slaughter one of the guys, and stab the other one, is going to angrily go ahead and use Blight on you. Can you go ahead an make a constitution saving throw, please? All righty. That does half the damage. 21 points of necrotic damage to you. And is going to-- four, five, six. All righty. That ends his turn. Vex, you're up. Over this way or this way? You know what? Yes, because he was not stealthing. You watch as he darts by, and you would have a shot, yeah. All righty, look at that! No, but Trinket can attack whatever's in your area, too. 31? That hits! No. (counting). 50 to get up to the top there, so at your double speed, you'd be at 60, threw the dagger and threw the dagger. You're fine. It still works out. You're on deck, Keyleth, just so you know. The first arrow hits him in the stomach, doubles forward and pulls back. Now, glancing over, saw you rush up and couldn't get out in time and now is going to try and back up as you're taking the second shot. Rolls a natural 17. Literally. Strength save? Minus one strength modifier. (cheering) You do, yeah. You can do that. You have advantage on the attack, remember, because he's restrained. Yeah, that hits. 24. Nice. The second arrow hits right in the throat, and you can see it doesn't hit anything vital, but you can see blood's starting to pour out. It's one of those things that if he were to pull it out, it would probably be very bad. But he's leaving it in right now. He's looking pretty rough. Yeah. All righty. That ends your turn? Keyleth, your turn. Okay. Step away from the window. Against the wall there? You push the table back a bit; book almost falls off the top. What's Trinket doing? Up to Scanlan, or the guy who's there? Okay. That's true. That ends your turn. Trinket goes (roars) right in front of the creature. Keyleth, what are you doing? Okay! So around the building where? So you have right here. All right. Okay, because you didn't see Vax outside. You saw Vax run upstairs. How many squares is it? Ten, right? These two here get caught in it, as well as Vax and that guy there. If she's doing a perimeter? No. She doesn't see the magician. Doesn't know where it is. "The Magician." The Prestige! Which means it's either half or nothing. Her DC, which is 21, right? Dexterity saving throw. Yeah, you take no damage. You duck out of the Fire Storm just in time for it to (raging fire). Oh! Bravo to Dwarven Forge, man. True. Good torches you have in there. 39 damage. This guy incinerates. He screams and burns. He manages to dodge partway out, but even the partial damage burns him and he (screams). You see him run off into the forest ten or so steps, on fire, like a stun man shot in a movie before he (impact) on the ground and smolders there in the distance. Those guys take it. What was the amount again? They're both on fire. Your free action? Combat Wild Shape makes it a bonus action, as opposed to an action. That's the difference. Does that end your turn? All right, so as Keyleth's turn ends, it comes to Pike's. The entire exterior perimeter of this part of the house is on fire. Flames are now starting to catch. It is dry wood; the entire building is made from wood of the forest, so your home is now in flames. In order to do the perimeter, it's not a blazing inferno, but it's starting to catch. Flames are starting to lick up the sides. Fire Storm's a dangerous spell. It's Vox Machina's MO, man! Pike is going to rush forward and is also going to attempt to Healing Word you at level two. It's a heal fountain on you. That is six plus five. That's 11 hit points you heal. Where do you Dimension Door? Over here? You guys approached this direction. So you're there. Make a perception check, Scanlan. Okay. You don't see the two hidden fellows over here. You see something large and hulking moving through the forest this direction, at a quick glance. No. You guys have pulled out of that house. You're still on the ground and all of a sudden your body physically shifts, and you're looking up at the trees. You glance around and you can see the back of your house, you can hear the frantic fray going on. You see the necromancer who's currently covered in brambles and held in place. You see a couple of guys on fire, on the side screaming on the side of the house, and your house starting to catch fire. That's okay. Pike, on her turn, is going to-- Because it's a single target... She's going to cast a level five Guiding Bolt because that's what Pike does. So ranged spell attack against that guy. 11 plus-- yeah, that hits. That's a 21. So that is 8d6 radiant damage. Nice. 19. No, this guy right there, in the room. So after she heals Sprigg, and Sprigg vanishes, she grabs her holy symbol and goes, "Chill out!" and shoots this giant flashing beam of divine energy that slams into it. You watch as a lot of its flesh burns away from the impact. It's still standing, but it's a shining beacon. The next attack against it has advantage. And then Pike's going to back up with you, Vex, towards the back where the bookcase is and goes, "You smell something?" You now hear, simultaneously, (slow thudding) and watch as the side wall and the back wall explode inward, as splinters of wood and stone (crashing) comes from this wall here-- Two familiar hulking entities come barrelling into the chamber. Remember those giant things you saw walking through the Shadowfell that you barely avoided with the mask? Who has the censer? Not on you right now. You don't carry a fucking giant smoking censer with you! They burst through. (roaring) This big yell echoes through their metal masks. It sounds like this horrible-- imagine a giant vocal scream that's peaking on the audio level against a tinny metallic speaker. Essentially. This one's going to go after Keyleth. This one's going to make two swipes at Trinket because Trinket's right there. As they barrel through, part of the roof breaks. Guys up top, Percy and Grog, you feel the ground buckle a little bit below you and you drop about two or three inches as the building is starting to lose its physical frame. That's one's going to go ahead and do two slam attacks against Keyleth. That's 23 to hit. And that's a 29 to hit. That's 20 points of bludgeoning damage from the first hit. And the second one is 30 points of bludgeoning damage. (two slams) And it slams you. The second fist actually pins you up against the wall there, and you feel ribs crack inside your chest and now-- they're both down low in this hulking mass. They're almost wider than they are any other dimension with how they're crouched down and the thickness of their body. They're taking up almost the entirety of the room right now. Yes, for the second one. Correct. The other one's going to slam twice into Trinket. Giant fists. That's going to be a 28. And a 22. That is five plus six. 11 points of bludgeoning damage to Trinket. Halved, correct. And 22 points of bludgeoning damage, halved. That ends their go. We're at the top of the round. Percy, you're upstairs. You see, currently down below-- make a perception check. Actually, you wouldn't even see them from your perspective. Right, it's blocking your vision from this side. You do see Scanlan, you see Sprigg who is currently conscious, you see this necromancer who is currently held with brambles, and you see two streaking flames and hear screams on this side of the building. Right there. It looks more like a drop. Yes, you do. That hits. Oh, don't worry, he drops the staff, because there's not much left of his head. When you hit the arm, the staff's clutching, but you slam it and it hits the side of the head and causes the right side of the face to explode against the tree, the brambles still clutching as it falls limp to the ground, and they crush the body into a small rock of flesh. You just barely see them; they have three-quarters cover. But you have sharpshooter. The one right furthest on the side there? Yeah, that hits. Goodbye, necromancer. How much was that, sorry? Okay. All right, he's still standing. (bullet impact, yelps) He starts looking up to see where the shot came from as the giant bullet wound through the torso and out the back of the shoulder was clean through. You hear him breathing, gasping for breath. (gasping) That hits, yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. He falls to the ground, face first. The second shot hits him in the chest. He just goes down, crumples. His body begins to smolder. That ends Percival's turn. Grog, you're up. You hear, downstairs, the (heavy thudding). There's the guy in front of you who's like, (angry breathing). What are you going to do? You can! And your head goes into the roof! (thudding) The floor gives out. As your head (crashing) into the ceiling (creaking, crashing) it falls out from under you. You come falling down on top of this guy. Rubble falls around. Keyleth, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. I need Trinket to make a dexterity saving throw. The other shadow ghast fails. Trinket, you, and the shadow ghast all take 22 points of bludgeoning damage as the roof caves in over on top. Large part of the upper floor now falls and this guy stumbles and is now prone there. He also takes damage. You take 22 points of bludgeoning damage from falling through the wreckage. Trinket's is halved, yes. That kills him. The shadow ghast right here. Yeah. He's like, "Huh?" (crashing) Gets rained on with rubble, broken, splintered wood and stone. His part of the ceiling didn't fully collapse. He's just out of the way. He's dangling off the edge right now, as he shakes, it's making its way towards the hole. The whole ceiling didn't collapse, just the area right below. No, they're not giants. They're considered undead. Big targets. Hits. 25 with the first hit. (whack) 22 damage on the second hit. (whacks) You're hitting him. Laying on its back, it has these metal spikes jamming out of its flesh. You can see portions of other creatures that it had slain that have been jammed on these spikes and rotted away on its armor. So as you're hitting it, you're knocking away parts of partially decomposed creatures that previously fell in battle to one of these creatures. As you're slamming into it, you can see it's just rippling, partially decayed muscle that seems to be unnaturally strengthened by whatever necrotic energy keeps it stitched together and alive. It's a thick sack of hit points. Is that your turn; are you doing anything else? Okay, and that's the end of your turn? Okay. End of Grog's turn. Vax, you're up. You heard all this go on and now the whole building is starting to catch fire. Right there? I will say, at proximity to the flames that are starting to catch, you do take three points of fire damage. You threw the dagger at the big guy? Go ahead and roll an attack. It's not flanking, but you get to add sneak attack modifier. Yeah, that hits. So you appear next to it. And you appear next to it. As the dagger sinks into its torso, you watch as its chest muscles and the iron cage-like armor around it seems to swallow the dagger. As it goes inside, you watch as some of the muscles all of a sudden (squelch) fall off of its body, like whatever energy's holding it together is untethered and this weird, fleshy, stitched-together creature is starting to fall apart. It's looking pretty hurt. Well, that's your first attack, so you have your second attack. Attack-attack! Okay. Well, we have dagger, dagger, dagger. Now we have attack, attack, attack, attack, attack, attack as our next t-shirt. (laughter) 17 with the additional--? Right. Well, but you said you dumped Divine Smite into that? You did the additional damage for it being undead? Okay, so that was how much total? 17. 17 will do it, actually. So as you rush in with the second dagger, you jam up into the same space where it's falling apart, and you hear this dull (shockwave sound) on the inside as the divine energy radiates from the strike and its body (slurping) sloughs off of the bones and around your arm. It slowly falls around your arm like old gelatin and (slurping) slips into the ground, covering the floor around you. (singing) Epic-level DND! 19, okay. You didn't add your modifier to the third strike, right? That's okay. No worries. You hit with the two final strikes. They blast into it. You watch as some of the armor gets thrown off its body. It takes a little hit, but the other creature looks like it's largely all right. That finishes Vax's turn. Shadow ghast. What's the DC on the sphere again? Is it 20? 19. He can't escape from this freaking sphere. The shadow ghast is up on the second floor going (growling). Manners, man. All right. Scanlan and Sprigg, what do you guys want to do? Yeah. Actually, make a perception check. Yep, d20 and then add your perception modifier. A 17, okay. You glance over and you see two guys who are hiding amongst the bushes on the side there. No, depending on the spell's range, depending on what you want to do. That we can do. It's a fun one. So bringing up Tasha's here, looking at the range. There we go. It's a 30-feet range, so you want to get up and get a little closer, probably. All right, so that's half your movement, and you can move two more spaces. You can hit one guy. So one guy of these two you can select. That one there? All righty. Make a saving throw, a wisdom save. That is a ten! Your spell DC is a 17. You watch as the guy there who has his crossbow out and sees you get up, spins around, has this giant, heavy crossbow, the bolt very recognizable because you still have three of them in your body. Aims it towards you and then suddenly (maniacal laughter) and drops the crossbow to the ground and doubles over laughing, falling to the ground and is now kicking and laughing like a hyena right now, unable to do anything. (maniacal laughter) All right, is that your turn? All right. You haven't, actually. You do see this guy's on fire right now, who is still around. Yeah, and you can see that hulking figure come running through, and you hear the (explosion) through the back of the building. The log is right up in this area. Okay. You watch as three missiles fire out of the wand and slam into the bits of rope up top. As they explode, it's enough of an impact to cause it, as opposed to fall straight down, just spin and fall. I'm going to go ahead and roll a dice to see which direction it's going to land from its front point. So we'll say inward would be one, two, three, four, five, six. That's a six. So it plummets down, hits the ceiling, scrapes off and slams down onto him. He's going to try and make a dexterity saving throw. That is a seven plus four, nope. That's an 11. Go ahead and roll 4d8 please. I think so. Oh. No, sorry, he's over here. This guy's on fire from her earlier. 16 points of damage to him. It's not enough to kill him, but it slams on him and then falls over. You see as both of his flaming hands on the ground going, (groans). He's currently restrained underneath it right there, and on fire. All right, you going to stay where you are? There's a window here, window here. This one has flames in front of it. This one's available. Okay. Four, five. That's as far as you can move there. You see the guy on the ground who's laughing in front of you. All righty, so you get an inspiration die. You get a d12 that you can use on any sort of skill. You don't have to use it right now, but whenever you use a skill check or an ability check you can add that to it if you want to. There you go. All right, so now it's the assassin's turn. Keyleth, how much fire damage does it do when they're on fire? Is it d10? Thought so. All right, he takes eight fire damage. Under a log. He's going to try and break free from restraint. Nope, that is a 14. He cannot move that giant tree that's currently crushing him on the ground. He tries to reach out for his crossbow and aim it out towards Sprigg with one hand because it's still loaded. But he has super disadvantage on this strike. It is now. Sure, I'll do all three. All right. Eight, 12, 12. I made him roll super disadvantage. What does this remind me of? Like a terrible old sci-fi movie where the bad guy's on the ground with the gun trying to aim it at the hero with his final shot and the hero just walks up and steps on the gun. You (whoosh) sidestep the bolt as it fires. Nothing on you. The crossbow drops, (grunting). (crying) On fire. All righty, that ends his turn. This guy back here is going to go ahead and since you're the one who has his friend writhing on the ground, is going to go ahead and try to shoot you with his crossbow. You do see him, although he's unaware of that, so he thinks it's a sneak attack shot. That is a 14. I know, seriously. They come in large numbers, so yeah. This one just (impact sound) hits the tree to your left. His aim's off. Exactly. And he goes ahead and darts behind this building there, vanishing. You do. He reveals himself when he fires. So you watched him come out of the bushes and (whoosh) fire and then duck around the side of the building. The guy on the ground is going to try and save against your spell. That is a 13 plus zero. Nope. He's still laughing. He's just on the ground, (laughing). Tears in his eyes now. That's the end of the assassins' turn. Necro's dead. Vex, you're up. Take minus five and do additional damage? Okay. 17 is exactly his armor class. Okay, 27. So that's your first strike. (arrow shot) First one just (impact sound) hits in the side and you see the bolt of energy arc out and the flames burn up the arrow. By the way, the wall behind you is starting to get really warm. There's a guy on the ground there. Yeah. So you've got to step over him. As you move past, he does get a swing with his shortsword at you. Oh, wow. That's a 25. I think so. So you take nine points of slashing damage. Just like, (pain sound) as you're walking past. I realized he had disadvantage, but I rolled another 18, so it's fine. Okay. 25 hits. Because of the sharpshooter, all right. 39 last time. So go ahead and take a swing at it. You're up next, Keyleth. All right. So the second arrow slams into him. It's still holding firm. It's taking the hits and you see parts of its body are starting to spill black liquid out of the wounds and (growls) its red eyes still beaming out from behind the metal mask in front of its face. Its arm swings back and tears some of the ceiling beams out with it. It's looking pretty rickety right now. So that ends your turn? Keyleth, you're up. Okay. You technically entered the space of the guy who's on the ground, becoming a fire elemental, which lights him on fire. (screams) (whoosh) So occupying his space from this side, we'll say. She can catch you guys on fire. I'll double-check that real fast. You know what? It can move through a space as narrow as one inch wide, so I'll say yes, you can maneuver through. Only if you want to, can you set things on fire. Go for it. He is now in flames. 21, yeah. 16 just misses. That hits. That's what you needed. He's looking pretty hurt. As you slam him with both of your flaming hands and claw across his body, where the flame hits, you see it (hissing) singes through the flesh and drags charred remains of where the muscle once was where you dragged your claws through. The body's starting to shake as it's holding its form together. Actually, you know what, Vax would have avoided it. Because Vax is in the spot where it was, but Vax knew where it was, so Vax would have probably gone over it. Wait, you wouldn't have, because when you threw the dagger-- It's not a big deal. Thank you for pointing that out. You guys glance upward as you hear a (deep swoosh) and up above you in the hole in the ceiling where there once was nothing but air, you see hovering above you a giant beholder just appear. (guttural moan) All of its eyestalks curling around it. Thank you for that. So that finishes your turn, Keyleth. Pike's turn. Pike sees this-- No. You were so angry-- it's in the hole above. You don't quite see where that hole was at the moment, you backed away. So much blind rage. Look guys, that's what we're doing. So anyway, Pike does actually make an insight check, and says, "It's not real. Don't worry about it!" Fixed. (laughter) Pike, however, is going to go ahead and make another Guiding Bolt at the large guy there. That's going to be a 20. That hits. That's going to be 4d6. 14 points of radiant damage, which will do it. So you watch as Pike blasts it in the face with the Guiding Bolt. As it hits, the mask gets thrown off, and where the head was beneath it, you see this empty black void with two red burning coals for eyes that blink out as soon as the mask is removed, and the whole body crumples to the ground and turns into a horrible, thick, black-purple ichor. The beholder is still upstairs, staying in place going (hoarse screaming). (laughter) That ends Pike's turn. They're both dead. That brings us back. Percival, it's your turn. There's the one guy on the ground there. One's laughing. We'll say for the purposes of this, for the time, most everything there is not much of a threat at this point. So systematically, the guy on the ground who's hidden by the tree, you can just-- You throw him (thud). He lands. Make an athletics check. Sorry, acrobatics check. No, it's not a saving throw. You can't do that. I'll say for the purposes of this-- Right, I know. But Spider Climb boots only helps you if you keep on the surface. So as you leap, you manage to land on your feet, but the flames do catch you a bit, so you take six points of fire damage as you start to burn. For the purposes of time on this one, the guy who's currently under the log just burns to death there under the log. Pinned, he's trying to reach for his crossbow, but he's only fired the one bolt that was loaded in it. The guy on the ground is still laughing as you approach him. Yeah, there's quite a few heavier rocks on the ground. (splat) A horrible sickening crack sound. It slams into the head. You lift it up. The laughing has stopped, but he's still moving and you can see the face is broken. The nose is smashed to the side and it's just blood. He's starting to try and get back up. Do you let him get up? He gets up. (grunting) Okay, we'll say for the purposes of this, he runs off in the distance (footsteps, yelp) and falls to the ground, no longer moving. He's on the ground on fire now, going (frantic gasps) patting out the fire. He spends his action putting the fire out now, and is like, (frantic gasps). He's like, (scream, impact). Just smashed on the ground. Red watermelon. The building is standing, mostly. The whole front of it is blackened. The flames are gone. Most of the interior is destroyed. You have two giant holes in the back. Most of the upper ceiling is ruined. The house is in shambles. A lot of them have been destroyed. Some of the ones on the back wall have been burned. Some of them have been burned by people in flames or made of flame or general black ichor that spilled out. The house is pretty wrecked. Make an investigation check. 27? Okay. You start glancing through. You find some history books. You find some that relate to local history. You see some books that relate to various types of creatures; some animals and beasts. Many that are encyclopedias of various rivers and it's scattered everywhere. It's just universal knowledge of pretty much anything he can get his hands on. So some of it seems less useful than others but you hand-pick a few out that you think Percy would like. You get the sense that's not how this works. The staff you see? It's a carved eye. It's made of wood and paint. It's ornamental. It's mainly used as a focus, technically acts as a plus-one staff. You walk into your destroyed abode, managing to sidestep all the bear traps along the way. You've walked the path many times and you know it and I'm actually surprised none of you walked into any of them. You knew where most of them were, but none of you wandered out far enough into the open to do that. They're all inside. You can see your giant friend, of course, that you were talking to as you walked in is twice the size he was earlier. Previously where you had to hunch, you're now having to almost belly crawl inside the house. So if you stand in that space, you're fine. And in the last minute or so has not been able to break free but is still trying. After the first failed save? Okay. Pike casts Cure Wounds on you, as well, and you heal 18. No, you do not. "Pike." "I can certainly try. Do you have any items of her iconography?" Yeah, actually. You just reach over and find one of the undamaged books. "I don't know if I can talk to her. I'm not... But I can help you pray. I don't know if "it'll be enough." "Grog!" "Can you help me clear some of the floor, please?" Pike takes you over to the center of the room and tells you. "Kneel with me. Now take this "book and close your eyes and... apologize." "For everything you said about Ioun." (huffs, licking) Licks the side of your face. You sit there in silence with your eyes closed, concentrating, holding the book before you. Doesn't seem to be an answer. Just silence in the darkness. Nothing. Everyone wants to look at him-- still turned away? Nothing. Nothing responds. As you have your eyes closed, you hear this soft chuckle in the far corner of the room. (cackles) "Really? Praying, are you?" "Do I look the kind of guy that would help?" "I think you're right. It's no longer your prison. It's not mine, either." (flapping) Flies out the window. While you've been talking, by the way, and the silence has been sad. Taking in the slight emotional cut that not getting a response and putting yourself on that limb means nothing. The rest of you notice his torso is glowing bright blue. Yeah. Pike looks at you and takes your hands and opens your arms and motions to your chest. And the book in your hand, you pull aside. You glance down and you can see, there's this soft, bluish glow that's emanating from your torso. Strange. No, it did. That's canon. Okay. You glance through it. The book is a simple book, talking about the construction of barricades and it looks like it was less the contents of the book and more just the image of the book itself. Okay. Make a perception check. When you took the book from him and handed him another book, there was a very faint vibration to his body as you pulled it from him and gave it back to him. Which you haven't noticed, but there's a physical vibration to him. Okay. You feel them, and you feel this very faint vibration to his body. When you pull out the fork and you hold it, you recall that whenever you cast the spell Plane Shift, there was a faint vibration to the specific fork when you cast the spell. SAM and All right. The rest of you gathered hands for this? All right. Trinket. (roars) Into the necklace. There is a sudden (sucking noise). A shuddering of power energy around you as you feel the vibration out of Sprigg's hand emanate throughout the entire loop you guys have created throughout your grasp. The familiar bright light flashes before you, and you feel your body being pulled through, at incredible speeds, through darkness. There. The familiar racing of the divine gate. (fast travel noise) As you pass through one of its many portholes. Then, adrift. By now you've-- the times you've passed through the gate, you've passed through it a handful of times since now. Adrift. Still holding hands, but the circle's beginning to turn into an oval. You can all glance around and see each other. Did you miss your destination? Did you overshoot? What's next? (whoosh) Another white flash. And suddenly you're at a destination. You glance around and you're standing within a small chamber. It resembles a decadent bathhouse but with no water nor occupants. It's empty. There are marble pillars stretching to a domed ceiling about 60 feet above you all. Silk-draped cloths drift and hang at odd angles throughout the ceiling. Glowing points of magical light latched within iron cages dangle at the edges of these pillars about 15 feet up that give the faint glow to an otherwise darkened room. There are walls on each side of this chamber, about 30 or 40 feet from you, and one arched hallway across from you that leads to the only other chamber you've seen. Sprigg is still holding your hand. As you guys walk forward towards the singular hallway, you go through the domed arch, and the hallway extends on. Featureless, smooth grey marble. Like a solid punch that seemed to have carved out whatever this material was. It extends for 100 feet. 150 feet. And even though there's very very faint light, and many of you can see through darkvision, there is a darkness about 60 feet from you that seems to consume what you can see. You can only see so far beyond that radius, and you're not quite sure where that oppressive shadow is coming from. The air is chilled, but not uncomfortably so. You can hear the distant sound of pinched winds whining through small spaces. A familiar sound from the many times you've spent underground, through caverns that had some openings that allowed air to streak through to the surface. A few steps more and suddenly the hallway opens into a second chamber. Into a library, if you could even call it that. Bookshelves that stretch upward for seemingly hundreds of feet, before flickering lights fell from your vision. You do not see where they stop. These columns of just tomes and cases and scrolls and parchments stacking as in tablets and any form of recorded information seem to just be infinite in front of you, to two sides of this road and upward. They seem to stretch in almost every direction, the walls to the side of you. You see columns ahead of you, and they tend to wind and curl like a labyrinth made of bookcases, to no end. It's very Escher-esque in how the further up you look, they tend to curve and shift and bend around each other. Your eyes, now attuned to the realms beyond mortality, you catch glimpses of shifting wind gathering books and turning pages. Spirits of the library, though sparse as they may be from this entry point, organizing. Reading and learning from whatever words are within. You begin to almost get vertigo, trying to contemplate the strange and overwhelming construction of such a wondrous place. An endless sea of stories. Spectral custodians keeping the tales of each other and the history of Exandria past, present, and binding the pages to tell what will eventually be the present, currently the future. Okay. You begin to take the first-- There are no words on any of the spines. Okay. You pick. It's ironic you do this, because the book is in Celestial. You do. It's ironic that you did that. (chuckles) Glancing through, it appears to be describing a birth. Describing a tunnel, then a light, then a cry. It seems to be an older man, surrounded by his family-- You glance through this book. Begins very similarly to the last one. This one actually ends with what appears to be a horseback riding accident. 115 pages in you get to a page that seems to talk about the sorrow of a lost romance, and trying to deal, coping at a young adult age. They are currently. All the ones you've picked up are in Celestial. Make a religion check. You grab a tome and pull it forth, and as you read through the story, it's an unfamiliar one. What are the rest of you guys doing while Percival is running around like a kid? Make a perception check. Glancing about, none of the spines have anything written on them, so you have to start pulling a few books out and opening them. You open it up. It's not in a language you understand. It's a labyrinth of bookshelves. There's a path forward between, two or three ahead of you, but then it comes to an end where it splits off in two directions. Like I said, they travel up infinitely, so you're not quite sure which way leads where. Sprigg is, actually-- There's a very faint blue glow in him that never really faded since your arrival. No noticeable change. Make a perception check. No discernible difference. It's a natural one. It's an auto-fail. You can make an investigation check to begin to wander around and try to find your way. Scanlan seems to walk with purpose into one of the random rows. Okay. All right. Anyone else do anything? Okay, Percy's following Scanlan. Okay. Trinket (bear grunt) looks confused and starts looking up. Falls onto his back. Yes, they are. You try and yell, and it's making no sound. It is just absolute quiet. What are the rest of you guys doing? Grog? Grog, what are you doing? Yeah, Pike comes over. No, there aren't. She goes, "Do you want to go with everyone else, Grog?" "It's okay, yeah! They're walking." "The faster we follow them, then the faster we can go." "I bet you could read some of these books." "Come on." She grabs your hand and begins tugging you behind her. What are you guys doing? Yeah. Okay. So you guys stay there. You run around for a good minute and a half and you're not seeing any sort of change. No. Okay, yeah. You turn around the corner and see them disappear around the edge. Okay. So you follow them. As you guys are having this silent argument, Sprigg catches up to you, but you hear nothing, Sprigg, as they're all going... Okay. Pike and Grog catch up around the corner. The Ioun stone actually is giving a faint glow similar to the glow that you see emanating from Sprigg's torso. Make a perception check. You do, yeah. If you're not-- Okay. You start getting the sense, the further you walk, both your stone and Sprigg are beginning to emanate a slightly stronger glow, and so you guys begin to realize that this could be used as a path to something. You're not quite sure. Okay. So everyone's going behind. No, he crushed that in Silence. Everyone else has gone ahead and vanished into the library. You guys are staying? As you're following the stone, you hear some footfalls as Vax and Keyleth catch up to you guys. An echoing voice billows out from the right side of your troupe. A creaky, warm, matronly voice that surrounds and almost welcomes you with the intonation of a grandmother. It says, "Nothing is "forever, Percival." You glance off to the right, and you can see there's a break in the bookcase. To your right, you see the shelves have stopped ahead in this direction to reveal a circular common area within the library, where the ground domes downward into an 80-foot-wide concave pit of cushions and tables, all standing at odd angles alongside this pit, but never sliding. Gravity seems to shift depending on where the dome stands. These tables hold teacups and writing implements and various other dcor, and things that involve binding and writing. None of them slipping, all of them affixed to the table as the dome slowly comes to a central rest. Long, spiraling streams of silver, blue, and gray silk descend from the supposed ceiling that is beyond your sight, and they come down like drifting silks that push past as you enter the area. Sitting 40 feet from you in the center of the dome, no larger than a normal person, is an older woman with long, wavy silver hair. Her olive skin is somewhat weathered and wrinkled around her almond eyes, but the warmth of her smile, and her vibrant purple irises put you at ease immediately. Her blue and white robes tumble out from her form in tendrils of parchment that snake through the pillows like roots. She smiles as you turn and see her. "I felt that you would find me." And that's where we'll end tonight's session. Seriously. If you're available, you may want to, if you can, come and join us for the first half maybe. Not next week, but the week after Comic Con, if you're interested. Because I want to roleplay out you meeting Ioun. Great. I'll look forward to having you back in a couple weeks, then.