Hello, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. First and foremost, we are super excited that we actually have in the flesh here with us tonight the wonderful Ashley Johnson! (cheering) We missed you so much. I'm glad you could join us here for this. All right, so next up I believe, Laura, we have some new merch? Apparently, which I forgot about until you showed me before the show. I have a shirt. Exactly. I really like it. I think it's inspired reminiscent of another project I work on. And it makes me happy. Good times. Next up, just a reminder, we have the Critical Role Vox Machina Origins comic book available on Comixology, on Dark Horse. Apparently, where it is at now? Next one is coming soon. Excited for you guys. We'll have information soon on when the next comic comes out next month. Don't forget we have Talks Machina next Tuesday to discuss this episode. Next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific with our fantastic host Brian Foster to discuss Travis' third testicle. Yeah. It's on the list here. Also, don't forget it's the last week of September so if you haven't had a chance yet and you always wanted to go ahead and join the Geek and Sundry Twitch community and subscribe, or any other Twitch community that you've been waiting for, they're half off this month. So now's the time to jump in. Laura and Travis, you're going to be at a convention in Atlanta this weekend. All righty. Well then, without further ado. Let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Little late on the draw there, bud. Welcome back. So last we left off, Vox Machina had made their way through the innards of the undead risen primordial earth titan. On its shoulders was held the long-abandoned until recently city of Thar Amphala, from the Shadowfell. A city that once held the armies of Vecna, the Undying King who has since risen once more, and achieved godhood in recent days. You traversed to this titan, through its innards up into the city of Thar Amphala; which you notice the outer wall currently manages to maintain an arcane dome that holds at bay any of the outward assailing forces of the wyvern riders or Devo'ssa, the brass dragon. Where the inside of it contains, in wait, a cloud of various gloomstalkers and a skeletal dragon that just peruse the city in safety as you make your way through the streets in search of the recently reassembled and standing tower of Entropis. Now upon seeking a sword that you were notified had historical binds to the hatred of Vecna and hopefully his downfall, the Sword of Kas, you went seeking this weapon, long ago discarded and bound within a buried catacomb within a pit of acid along with various corpses left over from an ancient war. And in doing so, unfortunately notified Vecna of your arrival. As Vex passed through into the ethereal plane, the ring that kept any sort of scrying at bay was lost. And both Vax and Keyleth came to his attention. All of you managed to flee back to Scanlan's mansion where the rest were in wait. However, with a notification fresh at hand, the skeletal dragon swooped into the chamber where the mansion was set, on its back riding Lady Delilah Briarwood and the re-risen Sylas Briarwood. The mansion was dispelled, you were exited from the pocket plane and barely maneuvering, due to a very lucky roll, having your Plane Shift dispelled you made your way into the Feywild as a Hail Mary. And through a dick-drawing, made contact with the one archfey that you had encountered in your previous journeys, Artagan. Upon being summoned, and your knowledge of the strange time-altering nature of exiting the Feywild, you asked if it was within his power to ensure the condensing of the time passage when you were to return. He agreed, under two conditions. One, when this was all said and done, you would help him assemble a doorway in the Prime Material Plane, in which he could visit your space. And two, upon realizing that Vax was of some undying or re-rising nature, wished to strangle him until dead. You agreed, and shortly thereafter Vax expired into ashes and you all spent time awaiting his return. We've left off with the return of Vax, but if there's anything you wanted to do over that period of time before his arrival, now would be the time to do it. It takes a little while, yeah. That's up to you. Well, the meal appears for a short time. We'll say for the truncating of the wait period that eight hours go by, 12 hours go by, it's hard to tell time in the Feywild, since it doesn't have a day-night cycle, it's always on the cusp of sunset. And the longer you wait, and the more the boredom sets in, the more the stress of the coming fray creeps into the back of your mind, you find that it seems like far too much time has passed and you begin to worry, you begin to twitch, you begin to do search parties around the surrounding forest, the possibility that he returned and got lost. You don't know how much time has passed until you convene to desperately ask if there was any possible sight, and at that point you hear the snapping of foliage beneath a distant foot, and you all turn and by the nearby tree you see entering the pale, nude, long dark-haired body of Vax returned in his revenant form for a second time. You probably have to draw it. As you pull the blade out, there's a very silent glass against textured metal sound. The blade is so dark that barely any of the light seems to come across it. Where the blade is, up close, you can barely make out the outside of it, but as soon as you draw it the voice goes, "Hungry." As you deal with the nearly hamstrung self that is your right knee, the sword is coated well enough in Percival blood as it seeps into the darkened blade, and the voice goes "Ah, yes." "Yes?" "He is more intelligent than most, but his arrogance gets the best of him. He likes a show." "He builds webs of plots, so many things intertwined." "Cut the threads, and the web can falter." "I can cut these threads, bring me to these threads, bring me to him, I must cut him down, "now, now." "Me." As you put it away you hear a (sigh). Giant wings. No. No wings. To give you a mechanical idea, based on what Ioun had notified you, the more damaged Vecna's avatar form is, the lower the DC to drive a trammel into the body. Possibly. Or roll really high early on, the choice is up to you, that is the risk you have to take. You have two strong and one fragile trammel in your midst. Oh yeah. If the creature you transform into has spells you can use those spells, but that's the only circumstance. A testament to Wyrmwood's craftsmanship. Critrole! Anyway you guys. You can still attach the Chain of Returning to the Sword of Kas. Correct. The tower of Entropis? The very height of it you didn't gauge entirely as you flew up, but even at a bit of distance, it was hundreds of feet high. Oh, the dome above that is probably about another 100 or 200 feet above that. It's a big dome and it encompasses the entire city of Entropis. Make an intelligence check. You recall, the Thar Amphala that is currently embedded in the titan is not the entire city, it's only the inner circle of the city. You encountered the inner circle of the city, and you saw a little bit of the edges, there's a wall that is built on the inside of Thar Amphala. This was the same wall that contained the threshold crests that caused it to transport from the Shadowfell to the Prime Material Plane. You looked at the energy of this field, you've seen it pulse from the wall upward, like (pulse sounds). Trinket over there is on the side, arms playing pillow to the muzzle. You hear this slight squeak of a bear fart in his direction. Trinket walks up to you now, and his fully grown form is a good foot and a half taller than you at the shoulders. He comes up and gets really close and (bear breathing), and butts his head against you, and then licks the side of your face. And sits back. It can still be dispelled if it is permanent on True Polymorph, by the way. Yeah. That was an errata to the spell that I've discovered as the internet made very keenly aware to me. Correct. Well, you have to know that the creature has been polymorphed into that form. And even then, it's a 9th-level spell that you're trying to dispel, which is not-- To be instantaneous. Or they have to roll against it. Yeah. You could do that. All right. Polymorph is a concentration spell, so keep that in mind. Yes. You wouldn't have to concentrate with True Polymorph. But. Those are just the specifications. I will put Trinket at about a challenge rating of six, I'd say. Because he's not a full, powerful creature; he's a complement to you. I'd put him at a six, maybe. High end. Okay. Think about it. Regardless. Who's casting? You said you were casting Heroes' Feast? All right, as you set up the table, you summon forth the meal that is infused with divine energy. You all begin to eat in solemn quiet, occasionally discussing plans and tactics. The delicious-- Oh, he does. Don't worry. As soon as you guys begin to eat, at the far end of the table you see the orange mane erupt from the side of table as he takes a seat. "Oh, wondrous. I appreciate "this, thank you." "Hello. It was all right." "I don't know. Have to try when they're not willing. That's a joke; that's a joke." "Which wand?" Which wand are you handing him? It's a war wand. It's a plus one wand. For anyone who's casting a spell through it, it's a plus one modifier to DC. Generally you have to attune to these, yeah. "Well, it doesn't require or contain any magic, if that's what you're asking." "Well, it's a focus. It's a divine focus for those who wish to utilize it to draw energy from "their deity of choice, and/or just a token of brotherhood." "Delicious meal, by the way." "Is it yours?" "Thank you." "All right. When do you intend to go back?" "Well then. Sleep it is." And he gestures over, his hand behind you, and as you look back you can see there's a series of beds that have all constructed out of the nearby moss and vines. They grow and lift up out of the natural floor of the Feywild. As the beds form, you watch as the tethered vines and roots to the ground begin to form these dome-like tents over each specific bed. Brass. As a god of secrets, probably see through an illusion. Just throwing it out there, based on your experience, even the creatures around the tower have truesight. Just keep in mind, Counterspell can't be done unless they're on the field to see the spell being cast and within 60 feet. So second Scanlan would have to be in the fray. You can. And things that see through invisibility, like a god of secrets, would probably see through it. No. Vecna would have to roll. All right. As the words leave your lips, you can see Artagan himself, as he finishes the meal, leans back. "Hmm." Like, seemingly taken aback by the power of these words you've spoken, as you watch as hints of nearby slowly melting snowfall that seem to have gathered elements at the base of the trees nearby begin to slowly congeal into a form. You do realize that this is going to take you 12 hours to complete, right? Yeah. You'll be arriving a little later than originally anticipated. Who knows what ramifications that'll have. All right, so. Simulacrum is a 12-hour casting time. Over the next 12 hours, you sit there focusing on trying to press your will into this congealing snow golem of Scanlan, and watch as it slowly takes form and breathes air, and-- with no equipment, of course-- but has your knowledge, your spells. Eventually, the completion of the spell brings to life a secondary Scanlan, under your beck and call. "It's me." SAM and "Speak for yourself." He's already naked. "Mm-hmm. How do we know I'm not the real Scanlan?" You're halfway through your sleep. The spell is instantaneous, unless it's copying the effect of a spell. "All right, Scanlan. Where to?" "Okay." All right, you guys head off to your domicile. He can wear things. Nope. He is naked. Okay. There you go. All right, so you got those. So you go ahead and find yourself to sleep. The rest of you, the night's rest, if there's any final words before the fray comes, anything you want to do to calm yourself before the final battle, now's the time. All right. You all find yourselves resting, uncomfortable at first, but the knowledge and the exhaustion hitting you, eventually it takes you. The dreams lead seamlessly, one to the next. Memories of your meeting, of your story, of your experiences, bleeding between your fears, your victories, and the people whose lives you've touched and who've touched your lives. Of Wilhand. The fall of Kevdak. To the respect of your father, and the vengeance of your mother. To climbing the destiny of the Aramente. To rebuilding the memory of one's family. And to spooning a second version of yourself. (laughing) And knowing that you've taken your faith from a place of being forgotten to a newly built symbol of hope. These thoughts all mingle, as the dark of rest takes you. And as you all awake, in the center of this strange, mystical meadow, peeking through the hints of purple and orange that signify the sky that breaks through the canopy of this forest, the pools of Nala that once brought you here long ago. You all awake, the beds gone, the tents gone. You're all lying amongst this field in a circle, around each other. As you come to consciousness, you all sit up, take a breath, feel the warmth and the knowledge of what has to be done wash over you, the shadow between two distant trees reveals the orange mane of Artagan once more, as he steps forth, his high green collar disappearing into his long sleeves, and a cloak that billows past his shoulders and loops into his back, as he almost glides effortlessly through the grass. "I take it you all "slept well?" "Well, then. Time is of the essence. You've been here more than a day." "Just know. But whenever you're ready. I'll see what I can whip up." As he wipes his fingers against each other, you can see the sparkle, spiral of purples and blues and oranges and colors, causing this glow under his face and his hair as he gets excited at the prospect of seeing just how far he can tweak the boundaries of the Feywild that he calls home. Okay. "Take them." As you concentrate, and the spell begins to swell around you, this familiar energy begins to ride up in your stomach. You feel the butterflies take form. And as the realm begins to darken, the colors that you see, spiraling out of Artagan's hands, begin to consume you as well. And nausea takes over and you feel yourself wretched left and right, as darkness begins to swell once more and close in, the colors surround you entirely. And you feel like you're being pushed through a window. As you all land and catch your feet, the darkness subsides, the color subsides, and you all feel immediately queasy, falling to your knees. As you glance around you, you can see you stand in the rubble, the exterior of a building that has fallen long ago. You see large chunks of the secondary floor fallen inward and dust (poof) around you as your knees hit. You look up and can see the familiar green-blue crackle of the barrier above you. You've managed to make it on the interior of Thar Amphala. You look up to see, immediately, clusters of gloomstalkers in the distance. They haven't quite gotten a view on you. You guys all dart. Make a stealth check, please. That's one way to do it. Okay. This building is mostly collapsed; there's a small alcove in the corner where part of the secondary story is still there. You guys dart into the side of it and you rest there for a minute in quiet. (nervous breathing) And you suddenly hear an impact of stone against the wall behind you. All of you guys immediately turn around and you watch as the heavy piece of stone that marks the outer part of this building is now cracked, and part of it begins to fall in. I need Scanlan One, real Scanlan, and Percy to make dexterity saving throws, please. What are you going to do? Are you going take it or not? Okay, cool. You only take three points of bludgeoning damage. Scanlan takes six. You reduced three points of damage. It crumples over onto you. You manage to pull away. As you turn around, you can see, right around the edge of the part of the building that's collapsed and fallen, a gloomstalker, covered in dust, shaking its head as it attempts to stand once more. It looks like it's been slammed to the ground, or crashed into this wall. And you can see it's on the ground, (croaking noises), shaking its head and trying to get back up, its wings trying to unfurl. As it rights its head, you see a leaping blur of black armor and red scales climb to the back of the beast, grasping the side of its shoulders as it spins back and forth, trying to shake it. You see this humanoid figure, trying to take something and throw it around its throat and its head, however, it's just not able to grasp it around, and gets thrown off the side and to the back. You watch as the gloomstalker bucks off the assailant and begins to try and get its wings up once more, as the figure leaps up again and shoulder slams it into the wall a second time. You get a better look at it now. You can see now, standing at a pretty decent height, about a seven-foot dragonborn of red scale and black, hooked armor, bladed and angry. You see a burning fury in its eyes. Joe, if you want to come to the table, please. Arkhan. You've been trying to wrestle this gloomstalker down-- You spent days here, trying to find a way to recover from the circumstances that left you here. This is the closest thing you've had at this circumstance, as you've regained your strength, and as you leap onto its back, it continues to knock you off to the side. You guys see this confrontation happening. What do you do? All right, so what are you guys doing? All right, so go ahead and make two attacks. Well, he's thrown two daggers. Yes. Technically adjacent, so you do sneak attack damage. That's 51 points of damage. You have 46 and four? It's 50 points of damage. Marking that down. You see two daggers into the side of the gloomstalker. It gives this horrible shrieking shout in pain and rears up. I will say, given the pain it's had, make an athletics check because you are attempting to grapple the entity. Natural 20. No. It is not. It's considered a monstrosity. That's okay. You hear the dragonborn shout out, seeing the dagger slam into its side. What do you yell to them as they're attacking it? At which point, it now thrusts the dragonborn off of its back. He goes tumbling and rolling onto the ground, landing onto your back, and you see it-- So now I would like an initiative roll from everybody, please. TRAVIS and Separately. 25 to 20, anybody? All right. Grog-- All right. Super low. All right, 20 to 15? JOE and All right. 15 to ten? Vax, what'd you get? Eight, wow. What'd you get, Pike? All right, so. Vex, you're up first. You're going to use the-- I have the sheet here. So you thrust it out. It has to make a DC 15 dexterity saving throw. All right. Let's see here-- Natural one. Natural 20 to natural one. Back to back. As you fall onto your back and shout that out, you go rushing towards it and you watch as this glowing, long piece of thick rope begins to suddenly wrap around this gloomstalker as it's trying to take off again. It gets, like, a foot off the ground before its wings get pulled up to its body, and it falls back onto the ground, wrapped and restrained by the rope. Is anybody else going to do anything, right now? Okay. Scanlans? All right, Arkhan. Kind of. So it's a DC 17. Five plus six, that's an eleven. It does not succeed. You watch as the thrashing around gloomstalker on the ground begins to slowly calm down until it reaches a point where it's not moving; it's breathing, and you almost hear what sounds like a reverse purr. It has a series of spines along the back of the neck, but no actual horns. It has a head that flares out like a cobra, but it's made of shadow. Where the jaw is, its tongue lashes out, but instead of saliva, it gives off smoke. Mm-hmm. So the gloomstalkers, they have no discernible pupil; it's a glowing beacon of yellow-white where each eye is. And you watch as this dragonborn opens its eyes, it's headbutted against it, and the dragonborn's eyes now match the coloration of the gloomstalker. Okay. It's still bound by the rope. But you get up onto it now. You watch as this massive dragonborn gets up onto the gloomstalker, which is now currently on the ground, trying to right itself now, still wrapped in the rope. Make a perception check. You do look and see two more gloomstalkers that have broken away from the cluster, that are making their way in your direction. Okay. Everyone else following? Everyone else following suit? Okay. You? All right. Do you leave the gloomstalker where it is and then step inside with them? If you want to. As you guys all dart inside this alcove in the building-- Like, most of the roof is gone; there's a section of roof that's there. It can hide most of you. The gloomstalker's a bit large, as you all cluster into the space, as it looms in. (heavy footsteps) This is the second time you've had an allied gloomstalker this close, and it's a very upsetting proximity. Kind of. As you guys pull into the side, I'd like you all to make a stealth check, please. Unfortunately, as you're still riding it and it moves and shifts, there is still the plate sitting against it, so you would still be at a disadvantage. By the way, there's your stat sheet for the gloomstalker. It's taken 50 damage, so you can note that. When you have a moment you can, yeah. And there's a moment of recognition for Percival and Keyleth. It's at this moment you hear two heavy impacts from nearby rooftops. As you all stay as silent as possible, waiting, one of them takes off. And you can see it arc barely over the opening, but seems to be doing a wide sweep, out of visual range. The other one appears to be stalking from rooftop to rooftop, not far from you. (thudding) (sniffing and croaking) It leaps and lands on top of the small part of the roof that's above you guys. It holds. A few rocks tumble around you as you're quietly in that space, hoping. (thudding and croaking) Its head peeks over the edge and looks straight down, right into all of you. What are you doing? Okay. So as soon as the head passes over, make your attacks. You're close enough to get one swipe up, because you're on the back of a gloomstalker. So as its head peeks down, you can get a strike at it. It's about, I'd say, 12 to 15 feet up. That hits. That hits. All righty. So. Okay. So those both hit. 25 damage, all righty. You do. No. Oh, I'd say Arkhan probably is. 18 damage? That does hit, yeah. Okay. Go for it. Okay. So you get two attacks with that. Yep. That hits. All right. And with that, as soon as its head peeks over the edge, two arrows (whooshing) under its throat, and you watch as an axe cuts part of its head clean off, as it tries to make a noise, but the blade is caught in its throat and prevents the air passage. As Fane-Eater is yanked out of the side, you see the jagged edge of the axe arc back, causing blood to splatter across the back, the wall behind him, as Arkhan goes in with a second swipe. And with one clean cleave motion, the head falls and plummets into the ground. The rest of the gloomstalker tumbles in, lifeless, into the rock. And you see as it lands, its wings sprawl out and slowly the body begins to dissolve into black smoke and shadow. Technically it was a desert, but yeah. Make a religion check, Scanlan. You have passing knowledge that the symbols that adorn both around Arkhan's throat and the shield that he holds up are that of the Scaled Tyrant, Tiamat, which is the patron god to chromatic and evil dragons all across the world. (snarls) Oh, you did not. You should do that. Yeah, Pike, you roll the temporary hit points. So roll 2d10, Pike. And everyone who was present for that-- All right. So you guys gain two additional hit points, to your max hit points. Yeah. You weren't there for the meal, unfortunately. It's from earlier. However, everyone does still have their advantage on wisdom saving throws and you're immune to fear. Which is pretty huge. And poison. The hit points are more of, like, a bonus. You're fine. You may. If you have, yeah-- So that would be 4d4 plus four. 50 points of damage were taken off. Yep, you got it. Okay. First off, make a perception check as you glance out to see how close you are to the nearby wall. 30, okay. You notice you're on a different part of the city than you were previously. If the city's moving forward, if you consider the direction that the titan is traversing forward, you guys were to the back and right side of Thar Amphala. Like a clock; if twelve o'clock is where it was traveling, you guys were around four or five o'clock. Looking now at the layout of the city, you're closer to 11 and 12 right now. And you're maybe about 200 feet from the nearest wall. You can see the curvature of the dome is pretty striking from your current position. And you can see the pulses, the waves. Imagine like a reverse waterfall of energy shooting upward. And every now and then, there's a burst. Yes. You do see the pulses aren't universal. There are certain locations, about six of them throughout the city, that you occasionally see them (bursting), and they spread out. You can maneuver there. It's not directly behind you, but you can eventually get to that location, yeah. All right. I would like you all to make a stealth check. Are you all walking on foot? Are you taking the gloomstalker? Yeah. It's currently walking, unless you want to hover with it. 60 feet. As you guys are staying lowkey, Arkhan is currently riding against the back of this gloomstalker as it's hovering in the air above. And the stealth check you're going to be rolling is going to be to see whether or not anything notices you on the back of a gloomstalker. The gloomstalker is not going to register on the radar of any of the current watching creatures, because it's part of its posse for the moment. I would say no, because it isn't a movement-based stealth check; you're just trying to stay still. Shit, all right. You're just clutching the exterior of it, trying to stay low. You're pulling into your armor like a turtle shell, since it is black. And using that to try and blend into its form You guys can move along. Keyleth? Vax? Fucking rogue. Okay. Okay. A five and a six. All right, so. As you guys begin to maneuver through the streets, dodging from building to building, on the outskirts of Thar Amphala, thankfully, the streets are a little more sparse on the edges. You also notice as you're traversing, and this is interesting. All right, so. As you guys are maneuvering, Vax, Vex, and Keyleth as well. You have the high passive perception of the group. You notice that the droves of undead that have been clogging the streets of this city, and the clusters of cultists that have been running about busily, running from location to location, with some work on their midst. The undead, who were just scattered and wandering, are now unified and moving in patterns. They're now being driven by some intent. Whereas once they were just scattered amongst, and in a holding pattern, now they're maneuvering with solid purpose, away from the sides of the wall, and the shields, which enables you to go relatively unnoticed. But you're seeing them now, gathering towards similar tunnels to the one you came up in. You can see dozens and dozens of zombies and skeletons, and the occasional robed cultist, both warrior and mage alike, all beginning to make their way down into the titan, at various points in the city. As you guys make your way around the edge of the city, you follow these pulses. They occur every two minutes or so, so you have to keep an eye out for it until one happens and then reorient your direction, but you taking point on this, you lead everybody, darting from place to place. Man. Rolling shitty-ass perception. That's okay for you guys. Eventually, you come around one cluster of exterior buildings. It looks to be what was once a manor, that was converted to a fortress. Like a small exterior fortress to this inner circle of Thar Amphala. You curve around and there you see, familiar to you from once before, the walls that surround the exterior of this inner sanctum of Thar Amphala, and the basis of this field that contains the entirety of the city. Looking at the wall, you can already feel the dangerous vibration of this field being so close. There's this violent hum to the air, that with each pulse hits this certain frequency of sound that causes your ear to tweak just a hint. And you can see violent waves of green-blue magical energy, (pulsing) up the side of the wall, like a very powerful reverse waterfall. Shooting up, to gather and maintain this field. You cannot see the crest. The crest was visible from the outside of the wall. And the energy field is being produced on the outside of the wall. You're on the inside of it. But you can gather the base location of where this burst is happening to get an idea of loosely where it might be. You don't know. Correct. Yes. You glance over to where the door was, below the crest, before, and you can see the opposite side of a door, currently, yes. It is shut. And appears to be made of hard wood with-- It's iron bar reinforced crosshatch. Thankfully only rolled a nine. The door is locked, but it is not trapped. 28, okay. So the door (clicks). And it's interesting, as you put your lockpicks in to feel the tumblers, you can feel the metal vibrating. Like the entire door is just (buzzes). And as you hit it, and the door swings open, almost like something's been pushing it on the opposite side. It swings open and slams on the inside of the frame, and there you're looking at a wall of violent green arcane energy. (whoosh) Coasting by-- Actually, this is blasting downward right now, because the threshold crest, as you recall, was above the doorway, in the wall. No, it's flush. It's on the other side and up on the wall. And currently where the door opens, there is violent magical energy slamming down. It hits the field, and there's a violent flash in that section, about a foot radius around where it was, and the rock shoots past you. Make a dexterity saving throw. 16? Strange. Wow! That's the first time you've failed a dex save in a long time! Oh, thank god. You take six points of bludgeoning damage. That's a d4 plus two. But it literally pelts you in the side of jaw and the neck, and you turn around and feel it. And you can feel the pulsing of the blood begin to flow into the bruise that's going to be there tomorrow. There's about a 20 foot gap between the wall and any nearby building, and there is the large, fortress-like manor that you saw earlier. I mean, I say fortress-like manor; it's not a huge house. It's two story and a decent size. But it looks like it's been reinforced in the walls, like somebody had designed for it to be a place to hold off some sort of a stand, probably from the war with Pelor's army, long ago. That's the closest thing to this doorway. It's probably more than 20 feet, actually; it's probably like 30, 40 feet. Yeah. I mean, overall? Make a perception check. There's a lot of them. Like, there's a lot of them by Entropis. Yeah. But you do notice that there's-- where previously there wasn't, there's a cloud gathering at the top of this dome funneling down onto Entropis. Okay. Go ahead and make an attack. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage, d4 plus your strength modifier. Times two. That's 30 points of damage with a punch. Fucking siege, man. That's good. As you slam into it, you guys watch as, right above the doorway, in the door frame, the entire wall-- Just a spider crack shoots up about 20-- The wall is about 30 feet tall or so. Actually, probably not. It's about 20 or so feet. And it cracks up to the very top, and you watch as large parts of it break off and fall, but it hasn't completely collapsed. But it's sustained some very serious damage. I also need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, please. Awesome. Well, they don't stack. The plus four is what you get. From the aura. 24? All right. You suffer-- it would be 14 points of force damage, reduced to seven and you're pushed back 20 feet, but you're not knocked prone. So as you slam into it, there's a burst of arcane energy out of that section of the doorway and wall that slams into you. You go spinning past, spiraling, and you catch yourself on the ground about 20 feet away, in the middle of the open there. Catch yourself. Still don't fucking see you, okay. I'm rolling so shitty today. You take a shot as well? All right. So as Grog spins back and catches himself, you walk up to this doorframe. With your axe in hand? Go for it. Roll an attack. 19 hits. It's an AC of 18 on the wall. It's solid! 20 points of damage, that'll do it. So as Grog catches up, and look up, you watch as Arkhan rushes forward, and with a giant leap, cleaves the axe into the stone. As it does, the archway collapses downward. First off, make a constitution saving throw. That's not going to do it. Okay. You suffer 16 points of force damage, and you get blown back into Grog's direction and knocked prone. So you catch, but the impact actually pushes you back five feet, and he falls face first on the ground. There's actually a dig in the ground, like a groove where the impact is. At that point, as you watch the wall crumble and collapse, you see, suddenly dislodged from its position, the about two and half foot wide threshold crest stone that is embedded in the wall there crumples downward and falls out of its space. As it does, there's a series of bursts of vibrant arcane energy that shoot up the wall, causing this side of the wall to glow exponentially brighter than the rest of the shield. At which point, like a large slice of pie, one sixth of the dome falls inward, and for the first time since you've arrived, you see the non-filtered sky above of the darkened clouds that have completely encased the upper atmosphere of Othanzia. You also glance past where it crumbled, as the city is at a slight angle forward, the way it's placed on the front of the titan, and you look down and see, immediately around, the familiar sight of the Vasper Timberlands that surround the exterior of Vasselheim. And there ahead, not more than maybe a few miles off, you can assume from this distance, you see the singular mountain pillar that Vasselheim is built around, and the outer wall in sight. Everyone make a perception check, please. Okay. Those who got over 20 There's this small victory, and this moment of joy, and accomplishment, that is immediately washed over by the realization of how close you are to the city. The two hours that you were gone, still better than a full rest, however, has put you within proximity of the city. And you hear this familiar, large, airy, reedy, stretched screech in the distance. You glance over, and you see in the distance, barreling down in your direction, a skeletal dragon familiar to you not far before. There's a tower-like structure, and then there's that building that was reinforced to be a-- If you all are rushing into this building, everyone make a stealth check, please. If you want to still stay out in the open, that is up to you. They're all darting into a building, so the choice is yours. You can stay with your beast. He is. You're on top of him. So. Do you want to try and blend into his form? Okay. Then make a stealth check. You would not be within 30 feet of her once she enters the building. So. Make an athletics check. As this happens, you immediately climb down to the underbelly of the gloomstalker. To maintain hold on it, because its physical form-- and it's interesting, now that you've been this close to it, and you've been wrestling it, you feel it's partially corporeal. There's something about its physicality that is almost gelatinous. Like it's made up of a combination of shadow and physical will. And as you clutch into it, your fingers dig and begin to seep into it, almost like a cluster of tar. But it holds you fast, and you're there underneath. Make a stealth check, without disadvantage, but this will-- Gloomstalkers are actually sexless. They have no natural-- You do not. Okay. Good to know. The rest of you guys? Okay. Okay. As you guys all dart into this building, you all quietly listen outside, as you maintain, hovering in place. The skeletal dragon (croaking) swoops down. As its wings catch itself, the wind billows through the space in the center here. You can see a bunch of the dust and pebbles and loose rubble that's been built up around here, and the wall that was left behind just gets kicked up, and spins a brief dust devil in the vicinity. The skeletal dragon there, still flying. Make a perception check. He's kept relatively close to the building. No. Okay. As soon as the dragon gets close-- and you've seen it flying about, up in the stratosphere area of this dome before-- you can see there are still bits of flesh dangling off of the bones. And it is a familiar-colored flesh. Whereas you and your adventuring party had traveled here before, this risen dragon form seems to have been torn from the corpse of the mount that brought you to this city. You see, as the skull of its body, its eyes crackling bright blue-green energy, there on the back of this dragon, you see two humanoids standing on its back. You see a dark armored male with pale skin, with a well-kept beard and short hair, with his arm around the waist of a female, who's currently clutching onto the back of its bones. You can see the woman, in a red robe that's being blown up, her hair bound in the front, wild behind, as she has a necklace bauble that hangs around her neck, crackling blue-green energy. As she has her hand forward, she glances around at the space, angrily. "What!?" (heavy breathing) Looks over at the gloomstalker. "Oh. What have we "here? Is this your doing?" (screeches) "Adorable. Wouldn't you say so, honey?" And the man behind her goes, "Oh, quite. "Well, I'm a fan of taking thorns out of my side. Is it time we do a bit of surgery, darling?" And the woman goes, "But of course. Oh, how I've missed you." And she nuzzles into his neck a bit, and turns around. The dragon lands onto the tower across the way, facing in the direction of the gloomstalker, and it inhales. And you watch as it begins to breathe in, all of the shards of bone matter that have been scattered across the streets of the city begin to whip up and spiral into its ribcage, like a blender. As it pulls back (roar) and as the dragon's mouth opens it releases a blast of bone shards that arc out in front of you. You and the gloomstalker, each, I need-- You and the gloomstalker make a dexterity saving throw please. Correct. There you go. They've landed on a tower right across from the building where you guys are. Let me show you. (cheering) I had a few possibilities. If that was the way it went you guys would have been dead a long time ago. I did. Currently riding your gloomstalker. Yep. Yeah well I'm putting it there because that's the range of the blast right there. All right, so you guys, let's go ahead and figure out your placement here. You guys rushed into this building here. You guys rushed around and into this side, so you guys were in the base floor here. Where do you want to be? Sure. So I'll put you at the window there. Who else is placed where? There's a couple of small slits, but they're facing out this way. That's more for flavor. There would be no attic windows. It's been reinforced, so there's been placed armor on the bottom, the only windows that are available are the ones up top and even then only have arrow slits. Fair enough. Vax, are you up with your sister? All right, so you bamf Trinket out. Okay, we'll put Grog-- we'll say that you were probably down in this building being as quiet as you can. Percival, Scanlan, Keyleth, Pike. Up on the second level. Okay. So we'll put you up there. All right, Scanlan. I need a second Scanlan. We'll say for the purposes of this-- This will be tiny Scanlan. Scanlan where are you? Right here there's small slits, they're all armored up. All right, okay. We'll put that there. So we'll say for the purposes of this you guys would be-- No. Sure. So. Now that we're set, thank you for your patience. So what did you roll, you and your gloomstalker? That's true. That's with their plus six? The gloomstalker gets a plus six dexterity saving throw. Right. Says under saving throws, dex plus six. Wait, does it? No, it's dex plus eight. Sorry. All right. You both succeeded on the save so you take half damage which is only 26 points of necrotic damage. Sorry, piercing damage, not necrotic. So as the bone shards go slamming into each of you, that completes the dragon's turn. Now everybody please roll initiative. (groans) 26. Yes, you would. Separately. I'll say for the ease of it let's make it on your turn. There's a lot going on here. All righty. 25 to 20. Right. 25 to 20? I just said that, right? Yeah. 20 to 15? Nice. 18, 17? Nice. No, that's in the studio. 15 to ten. All right. Keyleth, what did you get? So is that everybody? I believe that's everybody. I know. Be good. All right. First up first, Grog, it's you. Yep, you're already raging. You are now up with these assholes. Right there. That you can. (heavy impact) I'd put that at about 35, I'd say. You've got 15 feet still. Well, one dash. So you get to the top of the tower and you are now base to base with the dragon. Radius-wise he's close to you still. You are within melee of the dragon. You may. That's your turn, Grog. Vax, you're up. All right, so Vex? You may. Sure. 25 to hit? Yeah, even with Shield, she couldn't stop that. That hits. Grog's in melee with the dragon. I'll say because she was not aware of you, they were only aware of him, it's sneak attack. It's not a crit; it's not a surprise attack, but you get sneak attack. 31. All right, 31 points of damage. Okay. What is it? 17? Nope, that misses. As you lean through the window, you release the first arrow, and as Delilah's up there, both clutching the necklace and has her hand out with this wand, you hit her hand with the arrow. (snarls) Looks over and looks down at the window, right towards you, and there's a moment of recognition as she sees you. As you fire the second arrow, she dodges it and goes, "I remember you." Okay, so you duck off to the side of the window. Okay. Good to know. All right, that ends your turn. With that, it is now Delilah's turn. She rolled a 19 for initiative. All right, she is going to point her finger down at the wall where all of you guys are, and a thin green ray streaks out from her finger. Seems to be. I'm just confirming. The size of the space that it can disintegrate. There we go. This entire wall right here. This entire wall is disintegrated in place and now reveals entirely Vex and Vax. As she pulls her finger back and the wall turns to dust around you, you hear her say, "I'm "sorry, honey, but no." It is now the dragon's turn. Let's see if it gets its breath attack. It does regenerate. The dragon (wingbeats). You get an attack of opportunity. I should have put tape on the bottom of them. That's my fault. As the dragon (wingbeats), you get an attack of opportunity on the dragon. 34? That hits! Thank you kindly, Mr. Brian Foster. It is hovering right above the ground. It's trying to get down into the space of the wall that's currently exposed. Please pass the tape over here? Okay. How much damage is that, Grog? Yes. 32 points of damage to the dragon. Nice. So as it swoops up, the dragon takes one arc with the blade, and as it streaks across, it slams into part of its foot, and you watch as the bone splinters upon impact with the Sword of Kas. As the dragon lands, it brings its head down into the gap where the opening is and arches forward. As it does, it fills the entirety of the space. It inhales a second time. You watch as all the bits of bone spiral up into it. It regenerated for the second time. No, it's a saving throw on you guys' part. As it releases this torrent of bone shards and rock and whatever it can pull up into its chest and releases it, I need everybody in that room both Scanlans, Keyleth, Percival-- Cover's not going to help you on this, unfortunately. It fills the whole space. Dexterity saving throws, guys. Okay. All right. Both succeed. 18, barely. Succeeds. Barely missed it. 31 succeeds. All righty. The only person to take full damage on this is Keyleth, right? Sorry. Double-checking on the bard ability Cutting Words. Roll a d12. That is 49 points of piercing damage to you, Keyleth. The rest of you take 24. Yes. It fills the space there, and you feel every ounce of exposed skin and flesh has been hit with a thousand needles. That ends its turn. Percival, you're up. Probably. I'd say about 15 feet. Roll for the attack. That'll hit. Natural five. So as she's holding the wand out with the hand, (gunshot, grunts). She glances back, and as the smoking gun is there, she goes, "I certainly remember you." Her hand is now covered in blood, and you can see one of the fingers looks heavily damaged. Grog is not in melee. Okay. 14 points. Got it. That hits. So 11 to Sylas. No save right? He gets blasted off the back of the dragon. So he gets blown off and lands prone on the ground. Shit, that hits. Put her behind the dragon. Actually both should be behind the dragon. They did. They both took 2d6 each, five points of bludgeoning damage each. That ends your turn, Percival. Arkhan, you're up. Did you say you went into a frenzied rage earlier? Okay. Yes, you would. Go for it. Both miss, unfortunately. Its claws streak out in front of it and unfortunately scrape against the bone to no effect. But you have your turn. If you're going reckless attacks you can. Then yes you can. You're going frenzied rage as opposed to regular rage? He used his bonus action to rage. Right. That hits. Correct. 2nd, 3rd-level and undead. Correct. 49 points of damage on the first hit. So as you rush up and the Gloomstalker is scratching towards it, you rush with a giant arc. You watch as Fane-Eater's blade springs forth these darkened spray of colors, red, green, black. Every chromatic dragon's power thrust into the blade as you slam it into the undead dragon. Watching bones splinter and break from the blast of dark energy. Go for it. As you pull the axe back you arc a secondary time. This time with the sound of a union of four different dragon cries, the fifth one being your own. As you slam the axe a second time, hitting the edge of its clavicle, it carves through and breaks. You can see part of the bones shatter and reform but still broken and not in the same way. It's a serious round. Sylas Briarwood is going to move his speed. Would you hand me Sylas, please? He's prone, so has half it. He moves through. He gets partway through the dragon, we'll say. So he's about there. That ends your turn? End of your turn? All right. Sylas' turn. Sylas, seeing you come up and destroy the dragon, grins, climbs up the side of the dragon, jumps onto its thigh and jumps in the air towards you, holding a giant blackened greataxe in his hand. (groans) He's going to go ahead and make a strike at you. Oh, you know what? No. He's not going to. Sylas instead, axe in one hand, grabs the side of the skeletal ribcage, hanging off, looks up at you. "You seem rather strong." And looks you dead in the eyes. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. You already used your reaction, buddy. It's true. Cutting Words only-- You can't give a bonus to somebody's saving throw. You can reduce an enemy's saving throw. Through Mythcarver. Oh shit. He would've charmed you and you would've had to start fighting them. TRAVIS and As he stares at you, you feel this cold presence consume the back of your mind. And you feel drawn to him. It's this force of charisma and drive, and as you begin to lean forward towards it you feel this (thump) in your holy symbol and as you glance you break the gaze for a second and look down. And you see the multi-colored fury of Tiamat reach up and block and obscure the vision from him. And as the flames burn off you look up and the presence is gone. And he looks at you with a frustrated glance. He's going to use the rest of his movement to dart back around the side of the tower. He used a legendary action to get up and get his movement, then on his turn he got his movement. That brings us to Pike. Sure. You get to about where the twins are. Everyone within 30 feet that you can see gets affected. That you can see, does it say? Which is 30 feet? You'd be able to see Percival down there. Grog is farther than 30 feet. Yeah. Arkhan's in direct vision. Sanctuary is a bonus action? Sanctuary means that if something tries to attack you it has to make a wisdom saving throw to see if it does so or not. End your turn, Pike? Your movement would've gotten you just up to the stairs at that point because you had to climb up it. At the end of that turn, swooping down, you hear two impacts on the roof above you. You hear the growling, tearing sound as the long dry rotten wooden rooftops that are above you guy get pulled open by two gloomstalkers that've joined the fray. They do not count as undead. Now the roof is open. Its damaged bits and parts of it are fallen inward. You guys can move around but they have visual on you, but that's all they can do this turn. It took their full movement and action to break in. That's going to end their turn. Scanlan, you're up. Scanlan One. Scanlan Two as in the-- A simulacrum can not be healed, except by-- They can be repaired. Correct. Correct. Kind of. Yep. You would know this, having known the spell and the significance of its creation. If it is damaged you can repair it in an alchemical laboratory using rare herbs and minerals worth a hundred gold per hit point. No, he can heal other things. The skeleton dragon breath. Okay. Oh shit. Both of these guys appear behind the dragon. Right behind it? I'm allowing you guys to move things. Thank you. All right, so that's your action and bonus action. Scanlan Two hasn't gone yet. Scanlan Two is at the very end, with Keyleth. There you go. All right. Vax, you're up. Actually, at the end of the turn, Sylas is going to use another legendary action. He got them back, actually, because he used it before last turn. So he uses his first legendary action to head up. He runs up the side. (impacts) He glances down, looking towards where you are. All right, that's going to bring us to Vax's turn. Yeah, she would have cover in this circumstance, but you avoid it with Sharpshooter, so you can. Yes. 27 to hit hits. She's prone, so yeah. You have disadvantage on the attack against her. It's a ranged attack. You don't have advantage against her because there's nothing giving you advantage. No, her being prone, against ranged attacks, it's with disadvantage. Roll a second time. Sharpshooter means he ignores cover. Doesn't give him advantage on the attack roll. Hold on, what was that one? 18 technically would hit. She's going to use Shield as a reaction to add plus five to her AC. She's on her back and sees the dagger and goes (ping) and deflects it off. What was the DC on that one? 18? She has a plus ten wisdom save, so that's going to put her at a 20. 72? Right, but it's not sneak attack, though. No worries. All right. Okay. Technically, I'd consider it to change dagger, generally, because you're throwing them so fast. All right, that ends your turn, Vax? At the end of your turn, Sylas is going to use his second legendary action. Sylas. That's not what this is. Sylas is using a legendary action. This has nothing to do with Delilah. Sylas is going to use his second legendary action at the end of your turn to take a swing at Grog with his Greataxe of the Eclipse. That is a 21. That is 14 points of damage, reduced to seven, and I need you to make a wisdom saving throw, please. As the blade sinks across you, you resist the impact, but you feel this cold sensation across the wound that begins to spill across your body. You angrily, in your rage, flex against it and manage to withstand and shrug off the effect. That ends that. Next up is Keyleth and Scanlan Two. Make a perception check. I'd say probably, actually. You watched her get knocked back; you're fine. Okay. That is a four plus one. No. Okay. Entangle is an action? Actually, I can finally use the layer over here. All right, you leap over. That's the rest of your turn. After entangling her, you run, leap, and as the wind from the mantle picks up, you watch this gust of wind lift her. Make an athletics check. Okay. Not too bad. That's enough. It was maybe a 15-foot jump at this point, and it's tripled because of your mantle, so you leap and land, transforming into the elemental and grappling onto its back. All right. That ends your turn, Keyleth. Scanlan Two? She is, yes. Physically. You get advantage on attacks against her. It's a melee spell, so you get advantage on the attack roll, yeah. It's 5th-level, and you've cast it at 6th, correct? So it's an additional 2d8 to the punch. You already said 6th. You have to roll to hit first, so d20 with advantage. Yeah, that hits, so roll your 6d8. All right. Sing to the space where he was. All right, so when he gets back, give him the d12. Okay. At the end of your turn, Sylas is going to use his last legendary action to move his speed without provoking opportunity attacks. He leaps off the side and lands right next to Delilah. He's not entangled, I don't think, because he wasn't there for the casting. Difficult terrain means he moves across at half. Okay. Good to know. All righty, so entangled... okay, yeah. Got it. Cool. That ends the legendary action. Grog, you're up. Sure. Make an athletics check. That's easy enough. Make an athletics check, actually, in case something goes horribly bad. You are raging, so you get advantage. Okay. Easy enough. At that height, you take eight points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four, and (impact) you land, arcing over her, both feet to each side of her, and you're standing, looming over her body as she's wrapped up in vines, going (grunting). Okay. As you pull the blade up, the voice goes, "Yes. Her. She's part of the web. Her. Her!" And you give into the fury. Go ahead and make your attacks. Correct. Well, she's restrained. Roll the damage first. She's hurt, but she's not terrible. Yet. Yeah. You roll the damage die, double that, add the modifiers, and then the additional damage. We'll see-- Three, at 17th level. Yeah, so 3d10 additional. Correct. Okay, so as you bring the blade down, with this horrible screaming hiss-- Yeah, 62 points of damage. The blade jams into her chest, and as you twist it she screams, and the blood from the wounds sprays out in the middle of the air, freezes, and then slips into the blade as it's sucking up the blood. She's like (grunts) entangled, and she reaches up and grabs the blade, and begins to start pulling it out of the wound, she's (choking) as blood begins splattering up around her mouth, but she's still alive. Roll again. Okay, roll damage. 24. You jam the blade in a second time, and gash across and it carves open this part of her chest, and you can see the blood spatter out. The bones are exposed, and she's on the ground, shaking. She's hanging on by a tether, and her eyes are going wild, and she glances over, and her hand goes out. And you can see Sylas, who's right next to her, his eyes are wide and he's reaching out to grasp for her hand. Is that the end of your turn? Oh, you're frenzied raging? Right. That hits, roll damage. 23 points of damage? Are you rolling extra undead damage on this? On these attacks? Because she's not undead. Right, but you rolled 3d10 there. She's not undead though. No. You've been adding that to all the attacks? Okay, noted. Roll-- Roll 4d10 for me right now. I'm going to retract that from the damage she's taken. She's still wounded, but she's not hanging on by that thread. Okay, so the damage you rolled for that attack? Roll the d10 and add your modifiers. It's okay. So as you hack in a third time with the blade, making a smear of blood across the ground, the entangled vines that hold her there are soaked in crimson at this point. And she's coughing and sputtering, you can see the open wounds in her chest, and her hand reaching out "Sylas." And he's going for her at that point. That's the end of your turn. She's still alive. Vex, you're up. No, she's alive. Correct. No. That ends your turn. Vex. With a ranged attack? Yes, because she is-- well, she's restrained, which gives her advantage, so technically, it would be just a regular attack roll. Go for it. Yeah, that hits. 47 points of damage with the Sharpshooter. How do you want to do this? (cheering) She was reaching out for that Dimension Door. You see her hand reaching out, and you see her fingers tracing the incantation in the air as Sylas' hand reaches outstretched for hers. As she reaches out, her eyes are locked with Sylas. She's not even paying attention to Grog at this point, all she's focused on is escape. And Grog as you look down at her and Sylas is looking into her face reaching out, the arrow just (impact) through the jaw and out the side of her cheek there. (breath catches) and her eyes go cold. The spell incantation fades and the hand just twitches and falls to the ground still. As that happens, Sylas, his hand still reached out goes (yelling) "No!" He turns around to look at you, "Vengeance, I suppose, is mine this time." This is a unique reversal of last time. Okay. 28 minus five, yeah, that hits. That is the end of Delilah Briarwood. Clones take a while. Gotcha. Is that the end of your turn? They seemed to be. Okay. All right, first things first. As soon as Delilah's body goes lifeless, Keyleth, you feel this sudden shift beneath your feet, as the bone structure that maintains the body of the skeletal dragon collapses entirely. (cheering) You suffer 11 points of bludgeoning damage. Percy, you're up. With a speed of 30 you can do that, yeah. They just got there last turn. Percy, what are you doing? Percy! Roll your attack! That'll hit! Okay, He's going to use legendary resistance to succeed. His first one. All righty, 18, got it. All right, go ahead and roll damage. He does actually, what's the DC on it? He rolled 20 exactly. That hits. That is a 20 again! 16 plus four both times. As he's there, his arm out, and he's seething with rage, his eyes burning bright red, like the same shade as Grog's, which is disconcerting. Each bullet hits him and he doesn't react. (bullets hitting) He's just looking down at her and back up at Vex and down at her. Is that your turn? No, they're there. Oh well. 15 misses. He puts a hand up without even watching and deflects the bullet from the air. 20 to hit? He's going to use his reaction to use parry and the second bullet, with the other hand he shoots it off to the side. Not even looking at you just staring at Vex still. Glaring at the space you were when you ran. Okay, yes you do. That ends your turn! Arkhan. Technically they are, yeah. That's what they were going to do next turn. So that's a two on the one gloomstalker. That is a 14, they both fail. Both of the other gloomstalkers, all of a sudden (croaking) their heads begin writhing around. They are stunned until their next turn. And Sylas is going to use his second legendary resistance of the day. Correct. Fly this over to him. Cool! And? Exactly. 32 does hit. Yes he is. He is a vampire. She's dead. The skeleton fell into piles of bones. She's not okay. She's a slashed-up human. Her whole torso is a mess. She has an arrow through her jaw and cheek. 28 points. All right, so as you rush forward with your axe, you swing down into Sylas, who gets slammed in the side of the shoulder, and as the spark of the Divine Smite energy slams into his side, you can see him he's starting to feel the pinch, all of you surrounding him. Roll again. It's a dice, actually. 19 does not hit, unfortunately. Okay, so you're rolling your third strike. Yeah. 27 hits. Roll damage. First attack slams into it and bursts. Second one, you swing and Sylas' form turns to shadow temporarily and dissipates around the blade and returns. The third hit does strike true in the back of the head. (yelps) He yelps out in pain as the blast bursts upward. You can see the flesh burning from the impact of the radiant damage. That end your turn? That brings us to Sylas' turn. Sylas does not regenerate because the radiant damage kept it at bay. Radiant damage prevented his regeneration. Looking at his current circumstance, he's going to-- You watch as he glances around and his body (whoosh) into a bat. It's not a spell. (groaning) Turns into a bat (fluttering). You don't get to grab, you get an attack of opportunity. You get an attack of opportunity. You get an attack of opportunity, and Grog gets an attack of opportunity. Bigby's Hand does not get reactions. Yeah, one attack. That's not how a vampire bat form works. It's not a Polymorph. He has the same hit points in the bat form as he does in his normal form. You go first. Okay. Roll an attack. 24 hits. Because the snatch is a special attack, essentially, as a reaction, because a reaction gives you a melee attack; it's not an actual attack towards him-- let me double-check here for you guys real fast. Just double checking here. Okay. I will say because I don't allow monsters to use special attacks as reactions and haven't used them the entire game against you guys, because that would've been much more dangerous, I won't allow it for this circumstance, but it does still do the damage on the regular attack. It'll still hit. Go ahead and roll damage. This got really weird suddenly. No, that's fine. Actually, no, I do need two of those. Okay. Cool. Make your attack of opportunity, your attack of opportunity and your attack of opportunity. No. (ricochet noise) Off his armor. That hits, roll damage. Hits, roll damage. Yes. d8 additional damage, yep. 17. TRAVIS Thank you. 22. What does it say it does? I'll pull it up. Here we go. Okay, a strength saving throw. That's a natural one, so he's going to use his last legendary resistance to resist it. He's out of legendary resistances now. All right, and damage on that one? All of his equipment goes into his form. As you all slam into the side of this bat form it shrieks out and then just (flapping) it takes off and is going to use its action to go ahead and go into a dash and continue to fly away. Oh yeah. No, we're coming back to that. He is at that full speed and that form-- Okay. So that ends Sylas' turn. Pike, you're up. He would be about-- Let's say at that flying speed of the bat, which I have to look up now, because that's a thing. I know. What is this bullshit, Matt? Jesus Christ! The bat's flying speed is 30 feet. So he's 60 feet away from you guys at an angle that way. Yeah. 60 feet up there. All right. Pike, what are you doing? Okay. Guiding Bolt, I believe you have to roll your attack on that one? Yeah, make a ranged spell attack. 18 does not hit. Okay. You can use it on yourself, right? That's what it is. Yeah. Go for it. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. 6d6 radiant damage. Bicoastal Roll? 23. (impact) The bat now is shining; the next attack against it has advantage. End of your turn? All right. End of your turn, going to use its Legendary Action to move at speed; the bat is now 90 feet away. That ends your turn, that brings us to Scanlan. Oh, the gloomstalkers, actually, which are no longer stunned. But that's the end of their turn. End of the gloomstalkers' turn, it's going to use another Legendary Action to move another 30, so it's 120 feet away. Scanlan, you're up. He's just full sprint. 120 feet, yeah. Sure. All right, end of Scanlan's turn, will use third and final Legendary Action, is now 150 feet away. We're now at Vax's turn. They can hold their action, but then at the end of their turn, he still gets to do movement. Okay. They both have an AC of 15. No, because a grapple check is a versus. Got it. Ends your turn, Keyleth, you're up. 150 feet. from where he was. What's the save he has to make? That is 22. 17 plus five. 17 plus five. It's a saving throw, it's not an attack. Yeah, the Earthbind does not take effect on him unfortunately-- No, it's an action to cast the spell. Sorry. Okay, Scanlan Two? Anything? He can run 25 feet. Yeah, you're just under-- Okay. All righty. Bigby's Hand punches-- Okay. We'll say for the purposes of this, they're-- They're pretty easily killed given the circumstances you guys have, the chase now-- Let's say, Grog, you go up there and start. Anything you want to do-- Okay. For the purposes of expediency in this, so we don't spend time just trudging through these things, you guys just hacking at these gloomstalkers. Okay, I will say, to note, that the Control feature generally is a once-a-day type thing-- Not like it can constantly regenerate to the next thing. We get to Sylas' turn. Sylas dashes twice-- Sorry, it's your turn then Sylas', so go ahead. With which gun? Okay. Oh sorry, you're first. Go for it. As soon as you go around that side, you're starting to get close. Up to you. You have Scanlan all the way over there. You barely have Scanlan in your-- Ten feet out the window. Fenthras does not change your range. Well, the way longbows work is you have an inner range and an outer range, so if he's beyond-- Yeah, your max is 600. Yep. Guiding Bolt. Go for it. 20 just hits. (cheering) No, but you have the two different ranges. Because your range is technically 30 to 60, but you can go the full 60 without taking disadvantage after 30 feet. No disadvantage as a Sharpshooter. It's a crazy feat. 43 points of damage. That is a nine plus five, that is a 14. (cheering) He does take a little bit. He's about 80 feet up from there, because he's going at an angle, so he takes 8d6 bludgeoning damage. And with that, you watch as the bat form (poof) dissipates. The brambles fall weak and open. Make a perception check. Make a perception check. You see a misty cloud in the space where Sylas was. 28? To what? Yeah, you see the mist. Yeah. Yep. Dash as your action. It's finishing Vex's. Okay, so Percy. Your turn. All right. We'll say for the purposes of this, the mist travels and vanishes from sight by the time you are able to catch up to it to get it to a place where you can destroy it. Delilah Briarwood has been destroyed, seemingly for the last time. Sylas has been driven to wherever he needs to recover. Yes. As you look out, you can see the mist, and the mist vanishes, and you can see now, looking up, dozens and dozens of gloomstalkers have all turned to see this out-in-the-open action that's now taking place in the space around you. You are all out, not being stealthy, firing and shooting out into the air, and you see now, clusters of these things heading in your direction. As you turn and look to the side, you watch as Delilah's body gets up from the ground. As the shambling corpse of Delilah falls to her knees before Arkhan-- As the realization begins of what is coming at you. Two you could handle, maybe. There's a lot in your direction. You have revealed your position, the wall was already destroyed and everything is swarming in your direction. As you all begin to turn around, you hear this deafening roar from the sky above you. You glance up to see a flash of brass light as Devo'ssa comes swooping into the barrier. Behind, a hundred or more Wyvern Riders, risen from Vasselheim to join the rest of the brigade come swarming in and collide with the gloomstalkers. You now see a frantic dog-fight cluster as hundreds of one and hundreds of the other begin slamming into each other, tearing each other apart. You see blades swing, you see arrows going flying and Devo'ssa begins to do sweeping rounds, back and forth across the sky. You realise if there is a moment to move with the distraction, it's now. The glowing sparkle light in it is inert now. You guys begin bolting your way towards Entropis with its large funnel-like cloud encircling the top of its spire. And we're going to take a break. (cheering) We're going to take a quick break, because we want to probably push to 11 tonight and then we're going to leave, so make a quick restroom break, fast as we can, come back. See you guys here in just a minute. Okay guys, we'll see you here in a few minutes. Welcome back. A little longer than I anticipated, but that's fine. We're going to jump in here, but before we do that, the winners for the Wyrmwood box, we have Zabando is the winner. For the Jocks Machina shirt, we have Alcyon299. Congratulations! You get to join the very exclusive Jocks Machina club. So. Bringing it back in. As you guys are charging your way toward Entropis, running through the streets, you do the best you can to dodge in and out of any sort of things that might catch your attention street-side. You see most of the undead and various cultists have been filtering down beneath the city a while back, and you're not entirely certain where they are at the moment. The few dregs there are around there, you guys easily enough dodge around. Pushing forward, you see the Spire of Entropis growing taller and taller, the closer and closer you get to it. As soon as you get to the base of the spire, you look up and you can see the broken seams of the once-toppled tower, now held together by the network of glowing, magical threads, like arcane veins, wrapping the tower and lending an unsettling, organic nature to its visage. The exterior still stands, windowless, like an obelisk of tyranny looming over the entirety of the city. The apex, of course, is now obscured by shadow and cloud, this slow-spinning tornado of twilight darkness entwining the top, blocking visibility, and possibly entry, at the top. Numerous gloomstalkers encircle the higher level, not currently engaging in the main fray, which is chaos all around. You see more emerging from this cloud, almost seemingly creating them. The large front doors of the tower appear somewhat ajar and open. There is one rot behemoth currently standing in front of this door. Vox Machina, what do you want to do? Perception, glancing around, you don't see anything. It looks like this is the door, entrance, to it. You could make an investigation check, but you'd have to get up against the wall and carefully check it. You can certainly try. You can certainly try. It's not a no. You're about 40 feet away from it, off to the side, glancing over where you can see the rot behemoth looming in the archway. By the way, as you've made this journey forward and Delilah's been shambling behind, you know, sitting behind you, this strange pain has been hitting you in the back of your shoulders. You glance back and look at the corpse of Delilah behind you as a rapidly growing tree is protruding and growing out of the chest of the corpse, and is now setting weight off of the top of the gloomstalker as it's trying to flutter up behind the party. It's less of a spell effect and more of a divine seed that was placed inside her body when she was slain by the Vestige, Fenthras. Don't make it weird. It's still growing, and it's now protruding about four feet from her chest. The body is now starting to get a little top-heavy. Yeah, it's not very thick. It's maybe about-- Okay, so you take a couple hacks at it and eventually you manage to cut away the tree. Now there's a trunk that's now stopped growing, about a foot out of Delilah's chest, with roots that have taken root up into the shoulders and the chest. Sure. A house? You have this rot behemoth at the entryway. What are you guys doing? The rot behemoth? It's undead. The rot behemoth is about 12 feet tall or so. Just a mass of stitched-together undead flesh. Large. Okay, so. You take the pulse stone, you tie it around-- You see a flash and a flare in the sky above you. You see a cluster of gloomstalkers immolated by a burst of flame breath from Devo'ssa, who's now up in the stratosphere. At this same time, you see about a dozen or so wyvern riders go riding into this slow, spinning storm and get disintegrated into pieces. Make a strength check for me. That's a bit of a lob. It makes it about the 20 feet you intended to. (clattering) So what was the range on this Pulse Stone? Okay, it is within range to affect the rot behemoth. That's true, yeah. Tink, tink! It's a will save for the rot behemoth. Wisdom? That's a two. No. You guys watch as the rot behemoth, the stone, (clattering), its metal-armored face and glowing coal eyes turn (heavy footsteps) and walks over to the gem and stares at it. Make a concentration check for me, real fast. Make a constitution saving throw. Okay, you maintain the concentration. Referring to the blast from the skeletal dragon, earlier on. All right. So. Did you guys all roll stealth? Zombie's not stealthed, but it is undead. Gloomstalker, it's hard to be stealthed, that gloomstalker, right now. Okay, you can do that. No, it's a short rest. Yeah, you put it back on your neck once you've-- correct. Okay, as you step off and look into its eyes, your eyes flare the bright yellow color and the gloomstalker nods, takes a step back, and then leaps onto the side of the tower, its claws gripping in. As it bats its wings, it takes off and starts heading upward. It seems to acknowledge your command. Okay, so. 27. Two and two, 15, 15. Natural 20. He always has a ten minimum. All right. So as you guys all dart in around this rot behemoth, who pays no mind to your presence, you dart into the partially ajar doorway into the base of Entropis, the tower itself. It's dark inside. As soon as you all dart into the interior, the doors are still partially open and you can see the faint glow of the very low general light that encompasses the city of Thar Amphala. The normal greenish-blue glow of the shield is offset a little bit by the natural light that's coming through from the opening of the barrier that you guys have opened. However, the light still diminishes as you step into this large chamber. As soon as you enter the chamber, those of you with darkvision glance around and see, it's a big thoroughfare. You see a large foyer-type chamber with pillars that go from bottom to maybe 25, 30 feet up, to a ceiling. Across the way, you can see two spiral staircases that curl upward and there, maybe, 30 or so humanoid figures that are in the center of this chamber. Well, as soon as you guys step and turn around, they all turn and look at you and begin to-- (sluggish footsteps). I mean, a lot of them are going to be right up on you, right now. They are undead. They appear to be mostly of the baseline skeletal or zombie variety. It's a cluster of undead that are set here. Okay, you yank it. Go ahead and make a roll. See if it's destroyed or not. All right. The stone (clattering) arcs in the center. The blue pulse-glow light billows out. You see the various skeletons and zombies charge into the light. They stop and stare at it. Let's see. Okay, so of the 30 or so, about 20 of them stop and stare at the glow while you hear a bounding, heavy footfall sound behind where you came from. No, you pulled the stone from where you were, inside the chamber now, so he's now rushing in after where the stone went. Possibly. Up to you guys. But technically, undead are still rushing in toward you and they're immediately scrambling, with their claws and teeth, out there. Let's say, for the people at front here, it's going to be probably the two of you who first made it in, so three attacks against each of you. That is an 18 against you, Vax. That is a 20 against you. No, that misses. Three against you. Natural 20. A 20. And a natural one. All right, so while they scramble at you and you push them back at bay, one of them does manage to get through. It's going to be 12 points of slashing damage against you, Vex, as one of them swings at you with a rusty blade that carves past you. All right. What are you guys doing? About 30 of them, yeah. You have your Channel Divinity, your turn undead. Or destroy undead. Okay, so as you rush in toward where this Pulse Stone is, as the crowd of undead are gathered in, you hunker down, clutch your holy symbol, and release a wave of divine energy, the whispers and prayer of Sarenrae emanating from you like a caustic wave against undead energy. What's the DC on that? It's your spell DC. Okay, 18. It's okay. I lost count. Even with their saves, four undead survive. As the shock wave emanates out from you, you watch as about two dozen of these various skeletons and zombies, many of which are grasping at you, turn to ash. One of them, you see it reaching out toward you, you get a glimpse of it. You can see, this one's a fresher corpse, one of the zombies. It has dirty blonde hair, a torn chin with stubble, and for a brief minute you can see-- it has this gash in its stomach, a partially eaten arm. For a brief minute, as it reaches out for you before the wave hits, you're like, "Aldor?" Turns to ash. A member of the Slayer's Take. Once the prized love of-- As the flash expands, you glance around and you see a withered gnome corpse has been reaching toward you. Mostly bald head in places. You recognize, this is one of your companions, Grubby, before the wave hits and he turns to ash. All of these are long dead. As this burst of energy hits and all of a sudden dust and ash fill the chamber around you-- The rot behemoth behind-- what is the DC on him? Yeah, it's higher than a challenge rating four, so it doesn't affect him at all. But the four of you, easy enough to cleave him down, but we'll see if he's even affected by the stone. So the last four that are there, as they charge into the stone, nope! None of them make their save, so the last four that are still there, all stop and stare and glare at this stone in the center of the chamber. The rot behemoth comes looming in. (crashing) What's the DC? 14, does not make it. By one! That's true, that's true. So the rot behemoth (crashing) through the door and then stays there, staring at the stone, blocking the doorway and holding it in place. But now this chamber's open. They'll keep following you. Every time you pull the stone, they're going to come toward you. We'll say, easy enough for you guys to coordinate. The skeletons are easy enough to destroy. The rot behemoth, all in one swoop, you guys can take down as one quick blast on it. One of the skeletons, you also recognize a heavily charred zombie making a horrid sighing sound as it's sitting there, staring at the stone. You see the remains of Vander. Burnt to a cinder. The last thing you saw was him being immolated and screaming. Okay. And with that, before you destroy the zombie-- Wisdom save? Three. Nope. You've got two zombies. Delilah and now your previous ally, Vander. Turns from the stone. (wheezing) All right, make an investigation check. What'd you roll? 18, okay. How long does Beacon of Hope last? Beacon is gone. Technically it's a full hour, by the rules. I let it slide a little faster in times of intensity. I'd allow a 30-minute quick rest, but that's still-- Okay. All right, so you guys are taking a short rest in the inside of Entropis? There is no super-short rest. It's a short rest. Vasselheim was in sight when you were outside. I'm just letting you know! He regenerates 25-- Well, there's a lot of things at work here. It depends. Roll a religion check. All right, but still roll a religion check. Seeing as how undead is your domain. Plus? Okay, okay. You know this because of your experience with undead and amassing yourself a necromantic energy since breaking your oath long ago. When a vampire is reduced to zero hit points and goes into mist form, it has two hours to return to its resting place. When it reaches its resting place, it has to rest for one hour. Once it rests for the one hour, it goes back to one hit point and then it regenerates 25 hit points, or at least, Sylas, every single round. I'd say 30-ish minutes or so. 30 or 40, because you've been slowly stealthing your way through, being careful. So if you take a short rest, you're probably going to look at a Sylas waiting for you somewhere up top. No, meaning, if you guys take a short rest, he needs to rest for an hour. It took you 40 minutes since that happened to get to the tower. If you take a short rest, you're going to have to deal with a Sylas. You could take a short rest, but understand and be prepared with the knowledge of knowing that you're also going-- put some things in your chamber that will be helpful against a vampire. You do have a battery of low-level spell slots right now that can be used to heal things up if you want to. Make a choice here, guys. You're wasting time in the tower. You can use Cure Wounds as opposed to Healing Word. Oh, that's right. Never mind. That takes a short rest to do. Ten minutes to say the speech. Perhaps, yeah. You've got it. 4d4 plus four. Consider now, as you guys climb the tower, if you have any buff spells, if you have any long-lasting things that you want to utilize for the coming fray. Freedom of Movement, Death Ward, all the things you guys want to prepare with, now's the time to do it. You still have the tower to climb, but know, if you have spells, like buffs, to cast that aren't concentration and last a while, now's the time to do it. Wait, how many slots is that for you guys, then? Three each. Okay. Okay. Anything else you want to buff with? Okay. No Death Wards? You did Death Ward to yourself? So what's the plan, guys? That's up to you guys. You can't see the height of the tower. It goes up into another floor. If you want to hold your spells until you get higher, I'll let you do that. Up to you. I mean, it goes pretty high. Right above you. Way up. Just letting you guys be prepared here, because you're Vox Machina. Okay, take your 17-- no, 19-- 19 temporary hit points. Including you. Yeah. Well, you get temporary hit points, like a buffer shield. Correct. Okay. Right. There is only one person that can complete the Incantation of Sealing. Once the trammels are in-- Ascending the stairs, you climb and climb, the spiral continuing upward. Both of the stairs spiral upward, so which direction did you take? The right, or the left? The left. Okay. You spiral upward and upward and upward, climbing an extremely long period of time. Your legs begin to ache a little bit. Then another floor opens up. It appears the tower is now divided into two chambers. From the bottom floor up, it's now two sides to a tower and you're on the right side. The hallway curves around the outer edge of the tower. On the opposite side, you can see the staircase continues upward. The interior of this chamber appears to be an incredible arcane laboratory, occupying the center space of the tower inside. You see six overlapping circles of dulled runes and glyphs that encompass the entire 30-foot walkway between here and the stairs. Shelves and tables of countless glass tubes and metallic vices lay out across tables, organized in a near-OCD pattern. Tomes and books line the inner chamber walls. What do you guys do? You sense around. No undead in the 60-foot radius. You don't know. From where you are now? You can't even see. It's too far away. You can check for traps. Investigation. Okay. I mean, there's symbols across the ground here, but they seem pretty inert. Three of the circles in the center of the chamber appear to be ready to trigger. By proximity. A five-foot proximity. It's across the way, around the outside of the tower wall, so you can follow along. Most of you can. It's a very tight walk to get through. You have a few large individuals. There are three large circles that overlap with each other that are triggerable, and then there are three inert ones that overlap. It's like a series of Venn diagrams. Yes, they do. Okay. Make an intelligence check. These traps are far beyond your understanding to disable. You glance at these and go, "Oh, this is bad." I need everybody except for Arkhan and Grog to go ahead and make a general dexterity check. Okay. Okay. So. What'd you get? Everybody except for Arkhan and-- Dexterity check. You add your dexterity modifier. Scanlan did, yeah. It's not an ability check, it's a saving throw. One is an auto-fail for a saving throw. No, next would have been partially across. Because you couldn't get across, you're too wide. Okay, that's fine. And you got? A four? Okay. So. As you guys are moving across, Scanlan and Pike, you both are clustered next to each other. Unfortunately, Pike begins to wobble. You reach to grab her and pull her in, but the armored weight is too strong and you both accidentally step out of place. At which point, the glyph to your left suddenly flares. You watch as, in a flash of sudden arcane energy, a cage of force-like power encompasses the both of you in a cube. You see these bars of crackling energy (lighting crackle) around. You're both currently stuck within this arcane entrapment. The gnomes. Well, they're currently blocking the path, now, with this cage. Okay. As you clasp Pike and complete the incantation, I need you to make a charisma saving throw. It is. 20? 20 will do it. So. As you grab her and you both begin to transport outside of the cage, you feel the force of it push back, but the nature of your innate magical ability manages to puncture through that threshold and then both of you reappear at the opposite side, no worse for wear. The cage is still present, though, and it's now blocking the path across. The rest of you get across fine. It's the gnomes that got stuck, and now the two of you are on the opposite end. You have 30 feet between you and the opposite side, and that walkway is entirely closed off. Okay. The force cage encompasses too much of the wall space to go sideways, so you'll have to go across the ceiling. As you climb the top and you pull, Arkhan, you tuck your feet up underneath. Could you both please make athletics checks for me? Yeah, you've been raging this whole time. You're the most intense spotter right now. Yes. Step by step, you carry the heavy, armored, red-scaled dragonborn across the threshold of the chamber. You release him and both safely come to the opposite side of the laboratory. You continue up the stairs? You guys are, based on far you've climbed, you're about halfway up the tower. I'd say a little over ten minutes or so of continuous climbing. It's a stone chamber. Okay. It clatters and the torch burns. The powder (flaring). You guys continue up the next set of spiral stairs, climbing higher and higher up Entropis. You can see, every now and then, one of the various vein-like cracks of energy that's holding the tower together. You can glance out and see, very obscured, movement in the distance. It's too fractured; too much diffraction. Continuing upward, you come to a second, or another, floor. About four minutes of climbing. This next half-chamber, you see dozens of sets of chains and manacles affixed to the walls, where tortured corpses are currently dangling from them, left in pieces. The scent is terrible. Decay is strong. No undead. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Okay. No traps in this chamber. Make a perception check. Most of the corpses around here have been mutilated to the point where it's hard to even recognize. This was essentially a torture chamber. This was a gathering information, this was a point-making chamber. The ones you do see around here, nothing catches your eye. One does seem familiar. You look and see, and it's been a while, but you remember the face of a Scalebearer Desona, who traveled across the Ozmit Sea with you aboard a skyship. Glancing around, the bodies appear to have been cleaned of any useful items. This is mainly a for-utility-and-fun chamber. The room is clean. About 120 feet. Okay. Doing a round of what spells to who? So only three Freedoms of Movement? From Keyleth, right. And then, Pike? The raven wings emerge. Pike? You said you were doing Death Ward? Okay, so 5th slot's taken. You watch as the forehead space, where once you had seen the briefly visible third eye of Ioun, now emblazoned like a lantern light, this bright purple eye. In that moment, you watch as Scanlan's pupils turn to silver. And with that, you watch as this bright light emerges from the back of Pike's shoulders as a familiar, but much more vibrant and strong set of divine golden wings, not made of energy, but visibly beautiful gold feathered wings expand from her back. Your feet lift off the ground and (whooshing). As the voice of Sarenrae whispers into her ear, "I'm with you." (bear noises) Polymorph, I think, is an hour with concentration. Could be wrong, but I think it is. Do note, you still have another series of staircases that are pretty tight. Okay, good to keep in mind. Let me see the item again. Well, the text remains for an hour, yep. Once the text is revealed, technically, anybody with any sort of penchant for arcane knowledge could attempt it, but you have the best chance. Correct, but the text is revealed for an hour. If, in theory, you were to fall, and the book could be found-- Yep. It's more difficult, but it's possible. Because he was the chosen of Ioun, he can read without issue, but the text itself is still very arcane in nature. You guys begin to climb up the next staircase? All right. You're beginning to spiral up the next length of it. You get about 80 or so feet up before-- are you leading this charge visibly? You're sending Delilah ahead of you? As you're coursing around the edge, the stairs stop into another chamber. The chamber levels off. Okay, make a stealth check. 44? So you stealth up around the edge and you see now, where once it was divided into two chambers, it now seems the chambers converged once more into a single room. It's not very big, and the tower's been slowly tapering the higher up you go. The room is fairly empty. You see a few vases in the corners and some basic ancient decor. Standing, not noticing you're there, you see three figures in full dark armor. Similar to who you fought in the ziggurat, or the one who was guarding the tunnel that led up into Thar Amphala. The underlings. You see them in the same dark, horned armor. There's one that's humanoid sized and one that looks to be halfling size. Or two of them, halfling size. Make an investigation check for the immediate entry. For the immediate entry for what you can see. You can't investigate from across the room. They're not facing away, but they don't seem to acknowledge his presence yet. They don't see him. You don't see any traps in the immediate vicinity of the room. They're not death knights. Can't tell. Fully armored. From where you guys are right now, they're about 30 feet around the way and then ten feet into the chamber. Nope. You see one staircase, one final staircase, that winds around the corner. Actually, you haven't seen it yet. Make a stealth check. 39? As you curl around the edge and glance inside, you recognize this chamber. When you scried in here previously, this was the chamber that was being left by the death knight as he ascended to the top of the tower. This is the last stop. It doesn't look like it's a trap door or anything. It's all worked stone. It's all very carved. Two at most would be able to strike at once. You have the taller one in the center and the two smaller ones flanking. There's a human-sized one in the center and two halfling-sized ones on either side. If they're surprised. You have to stealth. Both of you guys curl up to the edge and you see the three of them. What are you doing? You're attacking the one on the right, and you're the one on the left. Go ahead and roll your attacks. If it hits, it's an auto-crit, but you have advantage on the attack because they don't know you're there. That hits. That's 58. All right, so a second attack for each of you. That hits. Does not hit. Okay, what's the damage on the second one? Both of the armored ones on the side take the hit and crumple, fall back, helmet falling off. Unconscious. They're still in the center of the chamber. They're about 15 feet from the top of the stairs. The two of you are going to rush in? Arkhan, you rush in towards the one in the center, go for it. So what'd you roll? As they both drop, you rush up to the one in the metal armor, who doesn't react to your arrival, stands there staring at you as you rush forward and swing. You hit the armor, but you hit the edge of the blade, cleaves off doing no impact. 21 hits. He's not undead, nope. 28, all right. You hack and the axe slides into the front of the breast plate and as you pull back, you see a gout of blood. He takes it not reacting. Okay. Yeah. The one standing has a helmet and the two that fell, their helmets tumbled off as they impacted and fell back. You pull the helmet off and you watch immediately a bit of black, fuzzy facial hair from underneath. As you reveal, you see darkened skin and long black hair with a bit of colored makeup under the eyes and a metal band across the forehead, looking ahead, unmoving, unflinching, locked in place staring past you. You glance up, and it's Gilmore standing in the middle of the room. The helmets are partially off, so it's easy enough to slip the helms off. To the left, it was less of a halfling and more of a younger girl. Jammed into the armor and a little taller than the other, you can see brown hair with a shock of white in it currently laying back, unmoving and bleeding out. The other one looks to be specifically gnomish, short brown hair and eyes wide on the ground. Make a medicine check. 23? They're not illusions, and they are both dead. They still have the bands. Each one of them has this strange brass band across the head. You take it off the head of one of the two dead? It slides off. It is Kaylie and Cassandra. No, she took it off one of the front. He's wounded, but he's still alive and staring forward. You pull the band off, and the eyes flicker for a second. (panting) "What happened? Where am "I? How--" "What happened?" He looks down. You see the eyes lull back, the stillness of the body as you finish touching the body a warm burst. (gasps) Breath comes back to her and she starts coughing. Sits up and leans over, gasping. As you reach out and touch her chest, the brief moment of stillness leads as her eyes slowly blink back, and begins breathing again. "Yes, I--" "I was in my workshop, and there was a flash of light. A doorway opened, and it pulled me "through and--" Roll an insight check. 21? It's Shaun Gilmore. "Where are we? What's going on?" "Wait. So if we're in-- We're near Vasselheim? What's Entropis?" "Then what are you going to do?" "I can get the three of us away. I can teleport us. It's the maximum of what I can do." "I can probably take us back to Emon. Why even stay here?" "I'll do that. You're going to fight this Vecna?" "If we make it quick." "If you can make this quick, I can leave you with some intense adrenaline, my friend." "Yes." He looks around to the blood on the floor and the two barely living women at his side and says, "If the one you're going to fight is the one that did this to me and them... Leave a scar in my "name, if you don't mind. When it's done, maybe carve a unicorn." You begin to hear heavy footsteps coming up the stairs behind you, heavy footfalls, and a number of other footsteps heading up the tower behind you. He goes and grabs the bodies close. Glancing around you, up the stairway you see emerging the death knight who joined you in the fight against Vecna. The one that met you at the top of the tower last time you fought Vecna emerges, looks across, and begins to go for the blade. You go straight for him? Gilmore reaches out to you and casts Haste on you. "But it lasts a minute. Hurry!" "It will be an honor knowing you all still." Grabbing on to both of the girls and with a flash of light, the three of them vanish. The death knight has turned to reach out and goes to cast something. Arkhan rushes up and slams the axe across his arm, knocking it aside. You can see now, behind them, other cultists and other things begin to head up the stairs. But they're currently being choked at this point where the death knight's being held at the stairway where Arkhan is stepping there. As Arkhan holds off, you guys head up towards the top of the tower. That's where we're going to pick up next week. (screaming) When you revealed to a god how close and dangerous you were last game, there were going to be repercussions. And he knows how to get to you. He knows your secrets. I love you guys. We'll pick this up next week for what will most likely be the final battle. If any of you are watching are from Blindspot, find a way to not have her work Thursday evening, please. That went a little longer than we anticipated, but we're at the end of the campaign. Of course! Thanks for coming. Well, she's pretty fucking bad. But when your goals are aligned, it can be useful. Well guys, thank you for joining us for this extended episode leading into the final fray of the campaign. I'm so excited for next week. That was a lucky fucking one, dude! That was a fucked-up tactic is what it was. Vecna is a monster, guys. Well, thank you guys, hope you had a good time. We'll see you guys next week. Have a wonderful night, and is it Thursday yet? Bye!