Hello everyone, and welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Before we get into tonight's episode, we've got to get through a few announcements. First off, we have our wonderful Darin De Paul joining us again. (cheering) Excited to have you back. We've all recovered from a crazy Comic-Con, mostly. I'm being optimistic here. We're recovering from a Comic-Con. Got a chance to meet a bunch of you guys out there. It was a lot of fun, but we're here to get our announcements started, so let me do that. First off, Laura, I believe there's a merch update. What's great is if you use it a lot, eventually "How do you want to do this?" becomes "do you want to do this?" to "you want to do this?" to "want to do this?" to "do this?" to "this?" (laughs) It's existential the entire time you're using the pencil. I'm really excited about that. It just keeps on giving. Thank you, Laura. All right. Next up, for Gen Con, we have our live show. We only have about 400 tickets left. Yeah. I'll be excited if anyone got my Wonder Showzen reference. No. That means you means need to be enlightened by the wonder that is Wonder Showzen. No, you should not. It's disturbing as shit. Just stacking you up today, boy! Give him anything he wants if he keeps making that sound. All right! Campaign guide info. Update on the campaign guide stuff I would like to give you. However, I think it's probably easier to get it from the mama bird's mouth, so we actually have in the studio today joining us, Chris Pramas from Green Ronin. (cheering) I think we're all right. Just the forehead. So what's the update? Fantastic. Thank you so much, Chris! Appreciate it, buddy. Enjoy the show! Yes, we'll have copies at Gen Con! I'm so nervous about its release. No, it just has less gnome bard. It's so weird. (laughs) Don't worry, we have a fix on the way. It'll be fine. Next up Critical Role podcast on iTunes and such. Cool. So we'll have that announcement as soon as we have the specific dates for the next batch. Should be coming up very soon. Once again, we have Talks Machina on Tuesdays. We'll be next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific to discuss this episode tonight with our fantastic host, Brian Foster. Looking forward to that. The Sagas of Sundry Dread show that me and Taliesin are part of. Fifth episode is up is today on Alpha. I know. We have one more episode of this, right? If you haven't seen it yet, it's a fantastic pseudo-theater improv RPG horror show with me and Taliesin as part of the cast. Marisha's one of the executive producers, and Darin De Paul is our fantastic Rod Serling intro personality. So check it out if you haven't yet. Mr. Wren. It's a fun one. I think that's it. They're not on the list! Oh, right! Yes! This question has come up a lot. The combat tiers, the plastic platforms that I use for height in the game, have been out of stock, out of production for a while now. They're finally available again. Our friends at Emerald Knights got us these boxes. These are available off Paizo.com. You can go ahead and pick up the combat tiers. They are now available again if you've been wondering where the heck to get some. Shit. These have saved my ass many times in games, as you've seen. Highly recommended for anyone who's DMing or running a game. It's awesome. Yeah, they were in a little standard cardboard box. You were like, this looks like it should work. Saved my ass. That's great. Well cool, thank you guys for the update. What you got, Sam? Well then, without further ado-- So to announce that her bag isn't here, we're going to take a moment-- There you go. And that being said, guys, let's go ahead and bring this down into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] You did. I'm going to go over this. Going to get you in a space. Something to bring us back into the moment. So you glance around, your vision darting from shelf to stack, the dark-lit areas empty of anything but empty vessels carrying books, until you see it. The shelves have stopped ahead to reveal a circular common area within the library where the ground domes downward, an 80-foot concave pit of cushions and tables all standing at odd angles without sliding, holding tea cups and writing implements against gravity as you know it. Long spiralling streams of silver, blue and grey silk descend from the supposed ceiling that is beyond your sight, the material resting in gentle piles amongst the cushions-- sorry, microphone-- against the cushions. Sitting within the center of the dome, no larger than a normal person, is an older woman of long, wavy silver hair. Her olive skin is somewhat weathered with wrinkles but the warmth of her smile and her vibrant purple eyes put you at ease. Her blue and white robes tumble out from her form in tendrils of parchment that snake through the pillows like roots of a giant tree. This is the Mistress, and she beckons you forward. Yeah. You guys are on the edge of it. She's in the very center of it. Nothing seems to be holding you back. She opens her arms as you stand at the edge of this domed precipice, and you watch as the tendrils unfurl, pulling back a bit, revealing small pathways to walk down toward her. Her arms open in a welcoming motion. "The purpose in choosing you, Sprigg, was, as with all the other keys I've chosen before you, "an unlikely choice. You were at odds with many of my outlooks, but I saw within you, still, the seed "of the seeker of knowledge. So in that balance, I found a proper vessel. Someone who at once would "not be the choice that I would make to hide my key, but a person not beyond the realm of "redemption within the domain that I look over." "Now, come. Please, sit. You've come a long way. I'm curious as to what your reasons are for "coming to me at this hour and I wish to see if my assumptions are correct. Sit." "Who's there?" You watch as her stoic expression curls into a smile and her head falls back a bit to a small chuckle. (chuckles) "Humor is perhaps a bit thin in these walls as of late. It's nice to have a "laugh. Thank you." "It was Larkin, my friend." "I know much about this individual you speak and I had assumed this was the reason for your arrival." "I do not. I've not sensed any change in the cosmetology of the world. Cosmology, even." Cosmetology. That's a different word. Her domains expand beyond just knowledge, guys. Hence the unfurling. "But no. You see, this Vecna is in direct opposition to what I represent, and I believe has "taken some precautions to keep from my distant sight, so while I have assumptions and what "information makes its way to me, there is a bit of relying on you to fill in the gaps." "Well. Do you intend to return to face this entity, or have you chosen or found champions in "Exandria who would rise up against this individual?" "Do you think you have the strength required to do this?" Her eyes close for a minute and she nods. "The coming fight does indeed warrant the aid that "these journeys would muster and I can see the touch of my brethren on you already." And she motions towards Vax and Vex and Pike. "I was wondering if that would surface. Well, if you are indeed here seeking my gift, know "that I do not grant it lightly. For those who are not already claimed--" She glances around the rest of the group. "Grog Strongjaw. Just being within my realm is of near-painful discomfort to you. For "that I apologize and can see you are not to be my vessel." "Keyleth of Zephrah, you have been carved from empathy and acceptance. While you do indeed "pursue understanding, my gifts find little purchase on your path of responsibility. "Percival Fredrickstein Von Musel Klossowski de Rolo III--" "You have always been a student of knowledge and a seeker of truths. I am fond of your hunger "for understanding, but you do keep your secrets and are selfish with your discoveries, still. You "have much growing to do. "Scanlan Shorthalt, you are a buffoon. At least, that is the facade you craft and display to the "world while you weave tales of the experiences around you and share your stories with any who'd "listen. You wrestle the mysteries of Exandria from their hidden places and shout them to any who "would listen and inspire the lost to find purpose. You hold the blade of the White Duke and walk a "parallel path. You are a storyteller, and I am the keeper of all stories. I shall task you with my "challenge." "For now, perhaps." "Do you think that your compatriots would have the strength now to rise against such a "scourge had you not been there to lift their spirits with these tales?" She glances over at you with a knowing look. "Then let the challenge be placed before you. Scanlan Shorthalt! Somewhere within this "library lies the book that contains the Incantation of Isolation, the arcane rite that "banished the Chained Oblivion. You have one hour to retrieve it. Your friends can help you, but you "can only present one tome to me. And should it be incorrect, then I shall await another warrior of "keen mind to find me and accept my gift, for I can only guide one strong enough to face the foe "before you. Return to me when you are certain you've found it. Your challenge begins now." And with that, her entire body vanishes in a gust of wind. All the little tendrils of paper flutter out and come to rest within the dome, and you look up and see the immensity of this library. Don't use that pencil. Use one of your own. Just push really hard. Describe or name an object that is familiar to you. You sense the direction of the object's location, so as long as the object is within a thousand feet of you. So you cast the spell. And you think about it and you concentrate. Nothing. Okay. You close your eyes and focus and you begin to beseech the knowledge and wisdom of the Dawnfather. Two minutes pass with no answer. As you glance around the room quickly, you see there are probably two dozen bookshelf aisle openings all around this central dome area. You begin to look around. You don't see any specific signs. Go ahead and roll a perception check. Glancing about, you don't see any signs on the books. You do notice, however, there are hundreds of those somewhat spectral keepers of the library that are moving tomes through and organizing and relocating things, just like you saw when you first entered. They're spectral, yeah. Okay. One of them's currently pulling books out. You can see the basic shimmering outline of a humanoid form, and they're taking a book off and stacking it and finding another. He turns and looks to you for a second. It doesn't seem to be at this moment-- Glancing about, and some of them do. They're all in Celestial. None visibly currently in Primordial. So make an investigation check. Who else is looking through books? Well, make separate investigation checks. Anybody who's searching currently, or doing something that involves searching through books. Okay. All right. You guys begin fanning out. And it's so overwhelming. It's so immense. There's thousands and thousands and tens of thousands of books within your immediate visual vicinity. And like I said, about 150 feet beyond you, it seems to fade into shadow and the more you walk towards that shadow, it reveals more books. They curve and spiral and almost seem to intertwine into that Escher painting-like advance towards the ceiling you don't see. Yeah. They seem scattered. As you're going around you find some are Celestial. The further away from the center you get you do find some sections that are other languages. You see some that are in Abyssal. You don't find any that are Primordial yet. The ones that are nearest to the center here are all names. They are all names of people. You're having a hard time really finding any pattern to the books. Yeah, there's a wide variety of ages and types. The sense of the pattern of the sections of books some of them seem to be clustered together and some of them seem to have similar colorations the further into the side. The further out you get from this the more scattered they get. It's almost like the organization begins from the center and either they're reorganized for reasons that are beyond your comprehension. You get the sense as you begin to hear this slight grinding-- you got the natural 20? Yep. So you've been glancing about and looking about. You pick up the slight sound (grinding). And you look up and you can see some of these shelves coming down from the ceiling that are stopping about 30 feet above you are sliding and moving. The actual library seems to have some sort of slow rearranging movement to it. Oh, right. Nothing you've seen so far. Make a perception check. Looking around your current vicinity, you see nothing like that. There are a handful on one of the tables that are around. As you're throwing the pillows, some of them fling off to the side, and you uncover a couple of empty cups of tea. All right. You get some stale library-temperature tea. You do find a couple of large books on one of the nearby tables. Okay. One of them, the name is Jaina Kumor. Doesn't ring a bell. And another one appears to be a book that pertains to the attempts of creating alchemical transitions from one base element to another. Essentially, what was the attempt at a philosopher's stone-like object long ago and the various trials and tribulations and unfortunate deaths that occurred because of it. The change in perspective shows you one, you do finally see a ceiling and it's like two mirrored libraries in the ceiling and the floor. There are bookshelves that come up and stop and there are bookshelves that come down and stop, and you look up and you can see there are other spirits hanging upside down walking along the pathways above, as well. Yeah, but they're not exact mirror images. There's just a bottom and a top part of the library. All right. So Scanlan, you jump on her broom. (whooshing) You fly up. Who's taking a look? Make an investigation check if you do. Roll a religion check. Yeah, You earned that d12. Okay. This is your investigation check to search about. Oh no, that's your religion check. All right. Clutching the Ioun stone, as you sing this song, the stone glows ever so faintly in your hand and you glance up and you can see about ten of the various spectral librarians that are wandering have stopped and they're all looking at you. Seemingly temporarily distracted or entranced by the song. You land next to all the librarians and as soon as you land, there's like a moment of quiet and they all go about their business again. No one seems to be paying attention to your words. LAURA and You watch as the same librarians all of a sudden stop what they're doing and turn back towards you. The sword is vibrating and ringing; it's expanding the notes of your song, as is the nature of Mythcarver. You seem to have their attention. It's been about 20 minutes, by the way. Roll a performance check. You watch as the librarians gather. They're up above you and they gather closely to you as you're singing this song and as you finish your final verse they all look a little confused, and they all begin to shift as one unit around the edge of one of the bookcases. Roll a history check. Vecna didn't have too much involvement in the Calamity directly. The Calamity mainly involved the gods battling. It involved the Chained Oblivion. It involved the sealing of that deity during one of the major battles of the Calamity. Those are elements of the history that pertain to the Calamity that you recall. (singing) Because he's sealed. MATT, LAURA, TALIESIN and Okay. Sorry. All right, so as you continue to sing, with each beat, each name that's mentioned that deals with the Calamity and the Chained Oblivion, you watch as their pace seems to quicken a bit, and then as the singing slows they begin to slow down again. There's a specific correlation and drive between your storytelling and your singing, and apparently the drive in which they're pushing towards their-- You hear Sprigg yelling from down below, as he doesn't have an earring. Roll another performance check. 22. Okay. They continue to push at a brisk pace and you watch as other of the spectral librarians begin to gather into this group and is now a cluster of about 25 of them that are snaking around these bookcases and traveling at a pretty fair pace. Which once was walking pace, and then went to a jogging pace, they're now darting through. And they're leading you quickly away from the center of the library where everyone else seems to be clustered. So the two of you are following and swooshing behind them, you're going over and around bookcases. Some of the bookcases you see have giant holes in the center and you can dart through and dive past. The speed is increasing to the point where the wind is starting to kick up in your hair and you're amazed at the speed of these librarians and the fact that they're being driven by your very song, and also the fact that you have no idea how far away the rest of your friends are in this library, and this library seems to just go on and on and on. You continue forward for another ten minutes or so, so you've hit just over the 30-minute mark at this point, and you feel this little pulse from the stone. Do you continue to inspire? Roll a performance check with advantage. Didn't even need it. So the speed is dangerous to the point where as trying to follow them you almost lose sight of them a couple of times. You being the driver of this, I need you to go ahead and make a perception check to make sure you can keep them in your vision. 22. Okay. That's enough. You nearly lose them a few times and you're like (grunts). You have to take a second and listen out there and you see a faint glow of their spectral form in the distance. There! And so you continue to give chase. Then eventually, at about the 40-minute mark or so, you come to the outside. What's interesting, too, is a lot of these bookcases are made of different materials. Some of them are dark wood, light wood, some of them are metal and various substances. You come to, on the ceiling, jammed in, a bookcase, but it's made of a very dark slate gray metal. And it has chains across it and a series of locks on it. And you see them, all the librarians are clustered and circled around it right now. There's no response from them. They can pick up books. You've been traveling for a while. He doesn't hear you. All right, so you fumble around and quickly pull out your thieves' tools. All right, go ahead and roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier and your proficiency bonus. Okay. The DC was 30. Yeah, the DC on that was 30. Yeah. 30's considered nearly impossible. So as you work your way down the chain, you get through a few of them, and there's one big lock in the center that's bolted into a big double doorway, or hinged opening to this bookcase. This one takes you a few moments to get into. (clicking) It snaps your lockpick. As soon as you hear the (tink), your heart sinks, but you still have a little bit of leverage and you push forward on the broken pick, and it's just enough to get the tumbler to click in. Your lockpick is busted; you're going to have to get a new one. However, it does open on one side. You open, and you can see about 25 different books of different shapes, sizes, colors, all ancient that are all in this small locked section. No, they are all just at the side. You take your Ioun Stone, and as you go across, it doesn't seem to have an effect. What languages do you know? And you? There are about ten of them you cannot read. There is one book that has nothing on the spine; it's blank. About five of them appear to be in Abyssal. You, reading through them, a lot of them talk about-- they are history books that talk about the Lord of the Hells. There's one that speaks on rites and rituals of sacrifice. There is one that talks about the annihilation of a race that no longers exists in the world during the Age of Arcanum. There's one that talks about the birth of the Rune Children. There's all these books that all talk about different things, but nothing seems to stand out to you as the tome you might be looking for. You have about 15 minutes left and it's about ten minutes of travel. You pull out the one with nothing on it. It's a very thin book; it's only about that wide or so, it's a dark gray leather. It looks damaged. Part of it's burnt and scarred on the outside. There's no words on the cover. You open it up and it's about four pages that are blank. Doesn't seem to have any effect. Doesn't seem to respond to the singing. It takes you about a minute to throw them all in there haphazardly. TRAVIS and You guys dart back. You get low enough to the point where you're in between the two bookcaess. The heights vary and in some case you're having to suddenly shift up and over to avoid slamming into the side of the large bookcase. You're shooting through this-- almost like an up and down version of the Star Wars entry to the... Death Star. Thank you, my brain's not working. Interestingly enough, thank you for reminding me of that. As soon as he pulled the book out, the one that he's holding, the one with no text on it, it pinged. Okay. Make an arcana check. 18. As you're darting by, you're clutching your side with your hand around her waist, reading it. You almost lose it a couple times. So what's the total? 21. You get the sense that there is something magical about it. I would say, you can't put your finger on it, but what faint arcane essence that you can sense from your usage of spells, and the feeling of releasing spells, the charging and release of arcane energy. You get the sense of that release from the book. It's almost wanting something. It's pulling something very faintly. Make a dexterity saving throw. You cast Friends on it? Okay, as you release the cantrip, the book seems to absorb the magic, but no reaction. 28. As you dart around the corner, one of the shifting bookcases comes right in front of you, and you just dart out of the way in time. Scanlan, you barely hold on. I need you to roll a strength check. This would be a strength saving throw, yeah. Ten? The book's like (bouncing) and you catch it right as it falls and you hold it in your hand. You'd have to pull it out of your pouch, yeah. And your inkwell? Do you want to try it? As you're rushing, make another dexterity saving throw. (whoosh) You yank out of the way of another one that shifts. It's one that goes from ceiling to floor, it's one solid bookcase that comes right in the way. You manage to dart around the side. Make another strength saving throw to hold onto the book. 17, okay. The book you hold onto with one hand, and you pull it back-- Thunderwave, the 1st-level spell? What level spell is that? 8th-level spell, Dominate Monster on the book? Okay! As you're flying through, you cast the spell into the book and the book takes the entirety of the spell into it, and you watch as suddenly text emboldens across all the pages on the inside. The book is now filled with scribblings and writing. It appears to be Common to you. (yelling) You glance over your shoulder, and it's empty. With that, you arc down into the center of the library where you see the large dome where you first met Ioun. You're not sure how much time you have left, but it's down to the wire. The script on the cover seems, in a weird way, the best I could say is a Google Translate version, but it loosely translates to the Tome of Isolation, yes. You guys land in the center there. What's everybody else doing right now? As soon as that happens, the wind picks up, and for a moment you close your eyes from the sudden burst of air into your face. As you reopen and adjust, there in the center of the dome where she was before, you see the Knowing Mistress. There, resting her arms crossed in front of her robes. She looks out. "Are you to present your findings?" She doesn't flinch. "And this is your final choice?" "Very well." She takes it and looks at it. "It has been a while since I thumbed through these "pages myself. This will do you well in the coming fray." And she hands it out to you. Yeah. "You, who have wandered the vast library that surrounds you through your knowledge, through "your magnetic telling and spinning of yarns, through your knowledge of history, perseverance, "and apparently decent grip, have managed to return to me and complete the challenge I set before you. "And for that, I grant my grace unto you for the coming fray, Scanlan Shorthalt." And it's a little off-putting at first, but in her forehead, where you saw her two purple eyes, a third eye opens up in the center of the forehead. It seems to glow for a second. You watch as on Scanlan, this warmth fills your body; you stand up straight instinctually. You guys watch as this strange purple glow appears in the center of his forehead in the same place where her eye was. It gently fades away. The warmth vanishes and you're restored to yourself. That given the case, you have the Tome of Isolation and the Blessing of the Knowing Mistress. If they succeed on their saving throw, they resist the ability and you cannot read the book for another turn. You have a stone that supposedly has something to do with their construction. All right. You pull it out and there it glows before you. It's bright like a tiny star for a second and you have to avert your gaze. But there it is, still warm to the touch. The small pearl of bright, divine light. "With this blessing, I hope to be of some aid in the coming "battle. Also, any questions you may have, I'm here to answer." "The Prime Trammel you speak of, the companion to this rite of which you've sought out "and recovered, the construct is small, but complex. The design is unknowable for most mortal "eyes. Each trammel requires a fragment of divinity. You have one there. That fragment is "lost until the seal is broken, so it is a very exhausting process for a deity to give this "fragment. "Now, the original trammels that we had utilized were forged by the hand of the Allhammer atop the "fiery Core Anvil deep beneath the Ozmit Sea." "The Core Anvil." "To seal a god, the number of trammels you will require depends on how marred the god may be. "You have an easier chance of applying the trammels the more wounded the entity is. It is imperfect, "and it's only been given use the once against the Chained Oblivion. With the Luck Bringer's "blessing, we succeeded against the entity. It took us four trammels and the full might of Pelor upon "the beast to banish it beyond the veil. However, the Chained Oblivion's power was fully realized at "this time. "Now, the Core Anvil, this was part of the domain of the Allhammer's greatest creations. It was "where the first dwarves were given form and breath, it's where the trammels were carved and "made in the last great war. It lies beneath the undersea volcano now known as Scaldseat." "Scaldseat. It sits at the bottom of the ocean off the eastern coast of Issylra, not far "from the fishing village known as Shorecomb." At which point, the third eye flashes in the direction of Keyleth. Keyleth, a vision fills your mind suddenly of the shoreline over Issylra. The cold, cloud-covered sky, but you see below grass and recent rainfall-covered fields that lead to a somewhat marshy and mud-covered shoreline. There, you see a small fishing village leading out to a rocky beachfront and waves that crest and break against a drop-off into the ocean. You can see some low-built docks that lead all the fishermen in and out into the ocean. The vision pulls you back miles away from that. You get a sense, as you see this small column of black smoke that emerges from the ocean across endless open sea, that is the signal of where this volcano lies. The vision fades from you. She leans to you and says, "Find a way below, through the tunnels of "toxic fume, unbreathable without proper preparation, to the Core Anvil and forge these "trammels. Be warned There may be protections that still remain within the forgotten halls of the "Allhammer, or new denizens that occupy the subterranean depths. Now, to forge such a trammel, "however, is an undertaking no mortal has attempted. To shape the materials would require "the strength of a titan." She looks towards you and the eye flashes and suddenly your mind fills with hundreds of years of the knowledge of folding heated metals, of the clinks of lives past, shaping and building weapons and armor and for a second you pull back and you can see the large dwarf-like stone form of the Allhammer, slamming down onto the heated metals of the Core Anvil. As the vision fades, you know how to forge, so you are now proficient with blacksmithing tools. Suddenly, you understand most of the tools in Percy's workshop. "But not just the strength of a titan. For to understand the intricacies of this design will "also require the ingenuity of a madman." She turns towards you, Percy. The third eye opens once more and flashes. You see the purple glow in the center of Percival's forehead for a moment. In an instant, the intricate designs of the Prime Trammel flood into your mind, the celestial instructions racing through like a shock of electricity, the blueprints spinning like a clear dream, straight out of Flight of the Navigator, all of the star charts being crammed at once. With that, it drops from your mind and you fall to your knees with a pounding headache. "And you will only know it for as long as it's required." She thinks for a second. "We, the "creators, did breathe the beauty into this world, we planted the seeds that would blossom into this "incredible weave of Exandria. However, what is the purpose of the parent but to teach what they can, "then set the children free? Some gods rule through fear, others through love, and others still "through perceived fate. Destiny has its place, but the real deception is that you have no choice. A "path can be groomed before you, but it is you who must take those steps. Not every rosy walkway "leads to a better day. "For me, our greatest purpose has passed the moment we granted your forbearers the spark to "seek their own purpose. We now stay to inspire, to guide, to guard the Gate, to keep the hate of "ignorance we spawned in our hubris from burning away everything. The rest is up to you. We need "you, perhaps, but you do not need us. That is our gift. You, Fate-Touched, you are the embodiment of "this truth. All mortal life has potential with or without the gods. We offer some paths, but it's up "to you to decide if they are the right ones for you. Anyway." And she clutches her stomach a moment. "What more do you ask of me? What more do you wish to know?" "Yes, ask." "I know as much of his history as I was allowed to see, yes. Vecna was a force of "insurmountable intellect among mortals, and his creative bending of known arcane theory enabled "many of the powerful artifacts of war that stoked the flames of the Calamity a century later. His "contributions were appreciated, but overlooked by those around him. In his hubris, he sought to "carve history in his image. He sought forgotten magics and slew those who shared this same "knowledge to leave only him standing with it. He bypassed his own mortality through terrible "necromantic rites to lichdom, amassing a force of like-minded followers and hordes of undead "terrors, then vanished into the Shadowfell to overtake the dark city of Thar Amphala, where he "erected the terrible tower Entropis. From this very seat of power, Vecna harnessed an event "called the Celestial Solstice. He used this merging of ley energies and power to reforge "manses of energy all across Exandria to suit his needs, opening the portals at his whim within his "city to anywhere across the world, allowing his armies to lay siege to anything before him and "extend his influence and rule. His horde assaulted a couple of prominent townships, slaughtering "denizens and forcing old enemies to kneel, before slaying and raising them as his own. "One such rival was named Kas, who, upon their defeat, was offered eternal life through vampirism "in exchange for swearing fealty to Vecna as his chief lieutenant. This made Kas into Kas the "Bloody-Handed. Vecna forged a relic blade for him with a fraction of his consciousness and gifted it "to his new lieutenant, and with this, the lich lord had become a new terror among the rising "tensions of the bickering nations. Months of turmoil followed as the shadow of Vecna's "unstoppable forces struck with precision and those fled before retaliation. However, the use of the "Solstice was discovered and reverse-engineered, allowing the holy army the Beacon of Arms to storm "his city under the banner of the Dawnfather, led by the champion Yos Varder. "Climbing Entropis to face the lich lord in combat, Yos Varder was struck down by the Undying "King with a mortal blow. In the final moments of the hero's life, he witnessed the lieutenant Kas "turn on his winded master and strike him with the very blade he was gifted, driven to usurp him, to "become his own, new lord. The ensuing conflict left Kas nothing but ash, and utterly destroyed "Vecna's body, leaving nothing but his left eye and hand. Yos passed on to the realm of Pelor, due to "his wounds, and the survivors left the Shadowfell with tales of victory. "The terrible artifacts the eye, the hand, the sword, were never recovered. The sword is bent on "vengeance, on hatred for the Whispered One. A powerful evil drives that sword, but for a just "end. Should one be able to find and tame such a thing, it may be of great use. "That is all I have to offer on the history of Vecna and I hope it can be of aid to you in your "coming battle." "The Sword of Kas." In Thar Amphala, at the scene of the battle. "Yes?" "I do. I see the shadows that cling to you." (sighs) You watch as suddenly her expression changes. Her mouth falls open ever so gently and her hair, wavy and calm, seems to curl in but a moment and lift. Her expression falls to one of trepidation and horror. "And then there was one more. "The ritual is complete. I can sense his ascension. The cosmos expand to make room. "Our timetable accelerates." You can see now, her eyes begin to race back and forth. "It will take "him some time to understand and utilize his nature fully. If he expands beyond his avatar, it will be "more difficult to seal him. The more trammels it may require and the loss maybe far greater." "Understand," and she leans forward to you. "I am not Ioun given full form, but a partial "avatar of my essence given shape by the worship of my children, as was the Dawnfather that guided you "here. Our realms are our bodies, and our true presence held in the hearts of those that grant us "their faith. To hold purely as an avatar like this is dangerous, for while it focuses and grants us "much present power, as we were forced to do in the Calamity, in the last great war, it may also leave "us open to grievous injury." She opens her robe, and there you can see amongst the olive-gold skin, you see a large darkened gash that still festers, unhealed to this day, of black, curling void. As you look at this open wound, you feel yourself drawn toward it; your vision begins to be pulled towards this infinite nothing. She closes it. You can see a bit of sweat dripping from the brow. "The cost was great, but necessary. Vecna's ascended being is fresh. He will need to expand "his worship vastly to learn how to disseminate his power and claim his domains. What he will need for "this to happen is a display of unstoppable power, a miracle of terror, a wave of despair that would "occupy the hearts of many in but a moment. I know not his method, but I know enough of his ways to "assume there's already a plan in motion and has been for some time. If you can strike before he "claims his full ascension, before he can seize his dominion on this plane, than you may still have a "chance." She turns to you, Scanlan. "You are the teller of tales, one who enlivens the world through song and word. "Take this fragment of my own story and help craft the passages of the world's future." She reaches into the center of her robe, and almost seems to be into her chest and plucks forth a small, gray gem about the size of a peanut. It glows faintly, and as she removes it, you hear a terrible creaking sound throughout the library. You watch as books plummet from the darkness above and slam into the ground around you. Distant cases crack and bow. The roar of the damaged space echoes to a halt, the danger seemingly in control. "There. I can spare no more. I must rest and concentrate." She smiles. "I could use a steward for a moment. Someone eager to learn and relearn some "important lessons. Ethred Brokenbranch." "Would you be so kind as to help an old woman tend to her books a bit?" "Of course." "He's fine for now." "He's fine, but woe to those who live in the home in Kraghammer where he's currently rooted." "Of course." She extends her hand to you. "And should your friends succeed, there is far much more to look forward to learning." "This is going to be a very good conversation to have." "Very well. We shall. As for the rest of you, I feel my power is waned, and I don't have "the means of sending you away myself. But if you are able to return under your own power?" "Then I wish you all the greatest of luck. And please, don't be a stranger." You watch as three spectral servants apparate behind you and pick up the books and begin to take them back to be organized. "Not to worry. Travel safe, my friends. And Scanlan, don't "ever forget how important you are to them, to Kaylie, and to yourself. You owe yourself far more "that you lend." "Come, my friend." She takes his hand and stands up, and they both begin to walk away and as it does there's a slight increase of light in the room. There's a flash, and then as it slowly comes back to a normal sight, you find yourself back at the entrance almost bathhouse-like area of the domain where you arrived, the marble slightly more cracked that you left it before, but still standing. Shorecomb? Shorecomb is about 200, 250 miles away from Vasselheim, to the southwest. Beyond Pyrah, along the coast. None of the particular trees you got a close look at. You may have to scry to get a specific tree in mind for the spell, but you can do that. Pike goes, "I'm sorry, I'm just overwhelmed. There's a lot going on." "Okay." (punching noise) And she socks you in the gut. "Sorry." And she Cures Wounds on you. All right. As you all gather hands together, with the familiar flash and a pull through the Divine Gate, you all find yourselves thrust once more back to the Prime Material Plane. As your feet land squarely in the partially charred, wooded remains of Sprigg's house, deep in a ravine in the Cliffkeep Mountains of Tal'Dorei in Exandria. And that's where we're going to take a break. Darin. Thank you so much for joining us. Dude. Thank you for coming. It's crazy. I love it. There you go. Hopefully sooner, but yeah. All right, guys, so before we go, we'll have a giveaway during the break in which we're giving out this awesome-- oh god, this awesome pieces of pieces. This is the purpleheart dice tower from Wyrmwood. The same color that you use to assemble your awesome magnetic dice tower from Wyrmwood. What was the word we chose? Thank you. Knowledge. The word in the chat room is knowledge. Yeah. Go to college, kids. But yeah, so go over to the Twitch chat, and when prompted, go ahead and enter the word knowledge to enter the giveaway. And we'll have the announcement of who won that when we come back from the break. See you guys in a few minutes. [break] It's a good one. Second, if you haven't seen it already, we announced at Comic-Con that we are doing a Critical Role comic book. (excited noises) He has a great YouTube channel. He's a good friend of the show and his writing is amazing. And our artist, Olivia Samson, who is a Critter artist in the community for quite some time. We wanted to pull somebody from the community to bring the story to life of how Vox Machina came together, how they met. And then, if it goes well, continue to do the story of all the pre-stream adventures that you guys didn't get a chance to see. That's the goal, we'll see, long-term. We're happy to announce it. We'll have more information in the future about it as it comes out. That is awesome. Congrats on your puppy! There is a winner. Well, the puppy named Grog. And the winner of the giveaway is FluffyArsonist. FluffyArsonist, congratulations, Danoba will contact you to get your information and get that shipped out to you. It's hard. All righty, so. Diving back in. You guys were returning to Whitestone? Where were you going? Oh, Sprigg's cabin, correct. As the surge of momentum comes to a halt and your feet once again touch the ground here within the somewhat-charred remains of Sprigg's cabin, you look about. The crickets have taken the surrounding forest. Night has fallen since your exit. What would you like to do? Make a perception check. You glance about very quickly at the surrounding woods and trees, and aside from a squirrel that scatters upon the sound of your footfalls-- As you walk amongst the rubble, you see there, trapped within the iron cage-like manacles and bindings of the small iron ball, you see the slathering tongue of the undead entity that you had entrapped. (slobbering noises) (pained noises) You see it squeal out as you slowly saw your way into its body until it lies still once more, robbing it of its second death. The ball retracts. Make an investigation check. As you pull him off, you get three steps from the building before (crash) a heavy, iron bear trap snaps onto your leg. 11 points of piercing damage and you are currently grappled. Okay. Between the two of you, it takes you a moment, but you manage to peel it off. The wounds aren't too bad. Make an investigation check, each of you. Five. You find some elements of partially charred pipes, some small statues that were destroyed in the recent battle. You find some unkept plants that were plotted and then left to dry out. There are many things here that you could take if you wanted to have memory of him. There you go. While you search through books, you pull Vax off to the side. Yeah, you've traced your path back, you manage to avoid the traps easily this time being far more aware of the surroundings. In the meantime, while you two are rummaging through the household. Make a perception check. Best you can make out, it smells like dusty tomes. It smells like old, forgotten papers and parchment. Make a sleight of hand check. Grog, make a perception check. You all watch as he takes the small essence stone and whispers under his breath a small incantation and flicks his fingers, then it vanishes, and he goes-- it's so overt, yet you are entranced. He swallowed that thing! Make a perception check. Yeah. You hear the occasional (grumbling). "He wasn't really going to offer information, anyway." No. Standing by the doorway, you see there, arms crossed, casually standing before you Vecna. (shouting and screaming) Okay, roll for an attack. 29. (whoosh) It passes through his body. He laughs for a second, and you see him smiling his terrible grin across curled, yellowed teeth. You see that flicker of green energy sparking in his left eye. It seems to pulse as his brow arches above it. "I admire your resolve. You did it. You solved the riddle. You found my home, "ruined my tower, slew one of my greatest acolytes, and even then, you failed. Still, impressive. That "is most definitely worthy of a fine round of applause." The smug clapping comes to a halt. He nods. "You're the only ones to get away. Others found me "before you did, and another group of supposed heroes came and assaulted me shortly after you "vanished. No matter. They all failed. And rose again." Insight check? Go for it, if you want to make one. "Consider your path one of earned existence. I would recommend you not waste such a rare lease "on your arrogant lives." You see through his beautifully adorned crushed velvet robes with gold trim. You see the tattered edges where gems and baubles hang around his neck. You can see the tendons and muscle that are pulled taut against his skin, that is drawn against his nearly-skeletal frame. He smiles back at you, looking down from that one sickly, almost pale blue iris and that green glowing burst of energy where his other eye would be. "Well, these are the concerns of a mortal. My vision sees far more than it once did." Sure. There's plenty of big-ass trees in your area. Look at all these big-ass trees. There's plenty to see, and you don't see anybody else nearby in the forest. Yeah, you see a path you can take. "I know what you are, and I know you know where I am. Come to me whenever you like." "Are you all too bloody daft to see? It's over. I'm no longer the Undying King. I am the "King of all Kings. I am not the Scourge in Secret. I am the Tyrant Unmatched." As soon as your finger goes forward, his image flickers out and appears in the same room, behind you, now right up against Percy and Scanlan. "I am Vecna the Unholy. I am god upon Exandria. I come to play with the toys left by "insolent, forgotten ancients and make this world into a new epoch. What this means, however, is an "end to all. An end to borders and nations. There will only be the will of Vecna. So. Ask "yourselves. You want peace? There is no peace, the way things are. You all bicker and stab and murder "in the names of your mothers, your fathers. But this one? Everyone will live, and when they die, "that need not be the end, either, under my banner. I can see your every move. I know your plot. I "know your destination. I know your plan, your capabilities, your allies, and your imminent "demise, should you continue. I offer you the chance to stand down, discard your imprisoned "gods, and pledge to me. Many you love will. Many you love already have." "Is it more important to throw away your lives against an unstoppable god or to return to "your families--" "If you persist, I will not only destroy you, I will erase the memory of you ever existing "from the mind of anyone you've ever known or cared for." "Then try me." "Very well." "Enjoy the forge." As the portal opens and you guys go darting off in that direction, you hear in the distance the (cackles). One after another, you all jump through the portal, emerging? In Vasselheim. (poof noise) All of you dart out just as the dusk sun begins to hit on the distant mountains this far across the ocean. Nowhere. Same distance. Same place. The first thing you guys notice as you take in your surroundings even though dusk is happening, there seems to be a larger bustle than you're used to in Vasselheim. You begin to see there's a skyship at port, and a lot of the various Bastions-- the general Bastions, the volunteer army that run across much of the city-- you see them darting back and forth, carrying supplies. There's a buzzing energy to the air of the city that you haven't seen in a while. You grab a gentleman who runs past you, he has a greying beard with patches of black still, his top of his head is shaved bald and you can see a bit of a tattoo across one half of his face that curls into his ear. He's rushing with a cluster of spears under one arm, and he's wearing hide armor on his chest. "Apparently, we're gearing up for some sort of assault." "We don't know. We've just been told to prepare." "The chain of command from the top of the Bastions, as well. Apparently, from some of the "other temples here are speaking of some entity, some Vecna." "Very well." "Very well." He goes to run off, two of his compatriots stop and turn and give a slow glance of recognition towards Grog. You guys continue. They stare for a second, then keep running, they look to be preoccupied. But you get the sense that at least word of someone matching your image has been disseminated throughout the town. The room where it happened. So you have a little more of an aasimar appearance, though a larger one than you've seen. (laughter) Okay, you're heading to the Raven's Crest. All right. You make your way to the-- Okay, make a perception check. 21? All right. Keeping an eye out, you don't see anybody following you at the moment. That does not appear to be an issue. So you head to the area of the Duskmeadow, to the southeast of the city. You come through the dry, cold, and dusty sector. A little bit of snow appears to have melted into slush at the corners, but most of it has been pushed off the main roads to the side. You see dirty snow matted at the edges. You follow Vax very quickly through the streets, and you see a few of the veiled maidens of the Raven's Crest aerie taking note of you. And as you approach, they just point over to the Raven's Crest silently as you walk past. You're coming from the other side as opposed to the main entrance so you rush past the hall that goes, which is the Grand Library that's attached to the Raven's Crest. Yeah, And you come to the front doors, they are closed currently, but you have two of the maidens there at the front, and as you begin to turn from the side, they glance over and give notice, and then turn and push the doors open in preparation. With that, you all enter Raven's Crest itself, and looking within, you can see the beautiful interior of carved obsidians and gold trims and sigils that are marked and pushed throughout the interior of this structure. Are you leading them to the central chamber? Okay. No one stops you, and as you head up these stairs into the second chamber and then finally to the large set of doorways that lead you into the central communion chamber of Raven's Crest, you guys enter to this beautiful room that is surrounded in stained glass imagery of varying colors, largely in dark purples and reds, blues, and in the center you see a large, circular pool where a deep crimson liquid sits perfectly still, familiar to both Percival and Vax'ildan. Okay. Okay. Pike instinctually walks up to the very edge but avoids touching any of the liquid. As you watch Vax just (bloop noise) disappear into this thick liquid, no bubbles rise, you see a bit of movement from thrashing beneath the surface and then stillness. Vax'ildan. As the panic and pain subsides, much easier now than it was your previous ventures, into this communion, the darkness surrounds you, familiar, but you are intent, and you are driven. The very force of your conversation is pushed out from your personality into this ether, this surrounding, infinite void, and a familiar voice comes. "You burn with intent, my feathered boy." "Then talk we shall. Speak your mind." You still see nothing around you, it's just the voice from the darkness. "I sensed it, yes." "He is no kin to me. He is a trier. He is a copycat. He ascends for selfish reasons, whereas I "was merely following my destiny. He will be destroyed. You have the tools. You have the means. "The weave is tangled before us. The threads grow knotted, hard to follow. But yours still glows so "bright into that terrible knot." "As he is the enemy of all things." "You have my blessing already." "I do not know much of these trammels but that they were used. But I fear that is beyond my "knowledge. The Knowing Mistress would be the one to speak to." "Then what do you need of me?" At this point, you feel a finger trace across your chin from behind. You feel an arm, the weight resting on your shoulder, and it pulls and turns you around, and as you spin, you come face to face with the porcelain mask you are so familiar with. As the hand still holds the edge of your cheek and your shoulder, "Am I to believe that this is not some ploy to diminish my power "and leave me vulnerable to cast me from my seat?" "I know you, but do you know them? Do you think I've been welcome since I entered this "pantheon? My existence is perpetually a threat to the creators. If anything, part of this burden "that we all face lies on my shoulders, as well. Why would they not think to strike at two birds "with one stone?" At which point, you watch the feathers of her dress furl out a bit, like a bird that's hit a chill. Make a persuasion check. There's a long, silent stare. "I put my faith in you, my fate-touched. Do not forget that. "And all I ask is you put all your faith in me." "Then I shall watch your thread. Now wake up." In that instant, everything goes black once more, and you feel the pain, the heat in your lungs, but then it subsides quickly, and you stay there beneath the familiar, thick surface of the blood. No need for air. The instinct to breathe is still there, but you realize after a moment of panic that it's not necessary. You can't see. Your body is clenched tight. Your muscles are still tense. You guys, after waiting for about 30 minutes, it feels like, of tense silence, you watch as the surface of the pool (splashing) splashes upwards as a crimson Vax comes to the surface. Not gasping for breath. Just stoic, as he comes to the edge of the pool, step after step, dripping the blood with each footprint on the ground. Your fist hurts a bit from the tightness, but as you unfurl your fingers you look down and see a small, onyx opal. It's a stone about the size of a gem that big on your hand. It looks like Keyleth had some barbecue and wasn't paying attention. Yeah. You guys make your way. You create the shimmering doorway, and you guys come into the mansion without issue. MARISHA and Okay. The three of you make your way to the Braving Grounds. Make an intelligence roll, actually. Roll a d20, add your intelligence modifier plus one because you have a permanent plus two to your intelligence. Okay, continue. Yeah. Plus three. Nothing. Continue. No one's seen the Sword of Kas since Vecna was destroyed along with Kas. You guys make your way through the Proving Grounds. Where are you heading to specifically? You make your way to the Trial Forge. The doors are currently closed, it is mid-evening at this point. It's probably, at this point, with the communion and you guys making your way across the city? Yeah, it's close to midnight. Your knocks are very loud and easily heard. About 20 seconds later (door opening) begin to open. You hear the cinching of chains as the doors are pulled open ever so slightly. One of the monks of Kord arrives at the front, sees you, recognizes you with a bit of glance. Oh, that's right. Does not recognize you. Yeah. "Very well. Can I help you?" "All right. This may coordinate with his current effort. Very well. Please enter." You guys make your way in. "I am very curious as to why you are here, then." "You walk with Vox Machina." You walk through the halls, your footfalls echoing across the stone floor. The large archways and the pillars. It is very quiet. As you approach the edge of the central sandpit, in the center you see Groon, currently sitting in meditation with something drawn in the sand with a finger. Some sort of a sketch. The head, facing away from you, picks up a bit. "You may." Slowly stands up and brushes sand from the hands. Not turning, but just looking over the shoulder ever so slightly at you. "What brings you to the temple at this hour?" "Finish your statement." "I know only what I've been told. We are gathering the monks for defense of the city. "Awaiting orders. I'm trying to meditate on where this danger is." Still hasn't turned around, but seems to be listening. "You have drawn Kord's attention once, directly. He is aware of you. Should you wish to "speak, that I can teach. It is a long process. Piety, meditation, and learning of the history of "the Storm Lord himself. But it can be done." "You cannot rush faith." "I cannot help you." "I can meditate and reach out, perhaps." "It doesn't work the way you ask. Kord isn't a giving god." Make a religion check. Okay. You know about Kord. Kord, from what you understand, is the god of competition and storms and chaotic nature and good-neutral territory, but emphasizes contest and-- Yeah, he's not the kind of god you can beseech with a word. "Ysgard." "Ysgard." Y-S-G-A-R-D. (laughter) "I do not know." "If what you say is true, I'm certain Kord already knows. We will do what we can, but what "you ask is not within our ability to grant." For the first time, you see Kord glance over his shoulder at you-- No, he's been back to you and looking over the shoulder. He finally turns and gives a nudge to one of the monks up top, who darts off. (running noises) A few awkward quiet minutes pass. (running noises) Jumps down into the sand pit, runs up, and hands you a small satchel. It is filled with beans. (laughter) Make a perception check. Go for it. You glance over and you see one sketch that appears to be a general overview of the city, of all the different quarters that make up the mountain. And he's essentially trying to work out defense positions within the city and preparing for some sort of siege. "I wish I could be of more help." "That's all right. We'll bring the storm." (grunts) He turns back to facing away. He was drawing in the sand. He sits back down in the sand pit and goes back to his concentration, leaves you to your business. Well, as you step out of the temple and Scanlan blues you all, you make your way across-- Yeah. Okay. As you exit the temple, it's late night, and the bustle has calmed down a little bit, as it is the evening, but you do see there are-- normally what are small patrol lights at the edges of the walls, you can see large fires are burning at the edges to extend eyesight. It's interesting. You see wyverns in the sky. You hear the familiar cries of wyverns, and at first, it catches you off-guard. But Vex'ahlia, glancing up, you can see they all have some sort of barding on them. Silver and blue barding. Platinum dragons. They have wyvern riders here that act as air patrol during times of intense possible warfare. You guys make your way back to Raven's Crest, to the entranceway to Scanlan's Magnificent Mansion and to the rest of your party, freshly washed. Tastes like ash. Yeah, you're not too far from the-- Make an investigation check. You actually find four beans that look a bit darker, but squishier. They look to maybe be a little on the the rotten side. And they squish easy. (squishing noise) A little funky. Make a sleight-of-hand check. Strangely, Scanlan and Pike are impressed. "Honestly? Kind of blown away." "What're you thinking for the tattoo?" "Actually, the symbol of the Storm Lord's cool. I'll get it up for you." And she pulls out a piece of paper and sketches it up for you. It's this cool disc, this dark metal disc with blue bolts of lightning that stick out of the center. (chuckles) Make a religion check, only if you're trained in it. I just rolled for Pike. (sighs) Not a whole lot of information gleaned on this. Pike didn't roll that great. Yeah. And from what you recall, it seems that one, the tools that were used to build them are generally with the anvil forge. It's more the essence of the god that drives the trammel. The material required is pure platinum. The trammels are about that long. They're giant stakes of platinum. I mean, if you were to melt down platinum pieces? Each trammel would probably be close to I'd say-- with the density and the thickness of it-- 500 platinum. Yeah. For the thickness of it, for the pure platinum structure. Okay. You can exchange gold for platinum. She has that sword right now. You have to melt it down to get rid of the impurities to get the metal down to its purest form. There's a process to it that you are actually familiar with. Good news is, you do know that the Divine Gate works both ways. He could not travel into their realms. They could not travel into that. However, it prevents them from intervening directly on his dominion over the Prime Material Plane. So. You're scrying first. Okay. So you step out into the center of the structure-- You're in the Raven's Crest. Okay. So. (laughs) As you sit and focus, concentrate, you draw out the various arcane glyphs on the ground and focus on Allura. Your vision expands into the sky, (whoosh) rushing through the night air and the spattering of clouds that have amassed over Vasselheim. It fires through the stratosphere, dives down into the center of Emon, into a bedroom. She is currently at a desk and is feverishly writing on parchment. Her hair is tousled a bit and she has a thick robe over her shoulders, and you can see she finishes writing something, rolls it up, seals it, sets it into a pile, thinks a second, casts a spell absentmindedly, it flickers off and vanishes. She goes back to writing. The door opens and you watch as Kima comes in, brings a little tray with some hot tea and sets it down beside her, rubs her shoulder a bit, and Allura looks back at her and nods. You guys are the worst. (laughter) An object or a person. I will impart the information that you did discover that the skull was the skull of a githyanki. They're a type of people, a race of people that traverse the Astral Sea. Oh, it has two eyes. Yeah, well, the skull shape was alien and was elongated, almost elven. I wanted to save you circularly arguing about something without some information. Oh, I'm sure you will! She's in the Bag of Holding. (laughing) You guys pull the corpse of Delilah Briarwood out of the bag. It hasn't been that long. The body's stiff. A lot of the head is missing. Rigor mortis has definitely caused the body to tighten up a bit. I mean, limp. The muscles went lax. Okay, so as you guys were propping this up, you complete your scrying on Shorecomb, and what you do is you get a vision of the central area of the city, right near the cliffside. There's these sheer cliffs that drop off for maybe a couple hundred feet and lead down to the gravelly, rocky beach; dark rocks, pebbles, they go out about 30 feet until they hit the water, and that's where they have these wooden steps that wind down the side of the cliff that lead to the docks, and they have winches and cranes that lift heavy objects to and from the docks to get actually into the city. You do see a lot of the trees are very thin, but within the actual city proper, you see a handful of larger trees that at this time, because it's pushing into the end of winter, beginning of spring, a lot of them are leafless, but possible to use your Transport via Plants with. All right, you've propped up your corpse, you've bound it. Pike is, (uncomfortable noise) "Okay..." "Do we have our questions? Do we know what we're going to ask?" I'm going to double check. No. "Okay." And she gets her holy symbol, takes out her component pouch and begins setting up the ritual for the Speak with Dead spell. It takes her but a moment to invoke it, and her eyes glow, the symbol suddenly shines this column of light onto the corpse of Delilah Briarwood, there motionless against the chair that you've bound the body. The spell, now released, the glyphs on the ground faintly glowing with this energy. Pike reaches out and concentrates. "There's no spirit." "There's no soul to grasp. Either the soul is beyond reach or she's not dead." Do you have another spell slot to do that? So if you'd like to, yeah. All right. What's your spell DC? You concentrate your vision and focus on the whereabouts, perhaps, of where Delilah Briarwood might be if she was on this plane. Your vision pulls out of your body, rockets once again through the stratosphere, the darkness. It's hard to place direction, but your essence is drawn back down through the clouds, over the center of a rocky mountain range covered in snow and ice. Another flash, and there you are amongst the city of Thar Amphala. There's another flash, and you see a hole in the ground, a large carved tunnel, you see hooded figures, blurry at the edges of this vision, emerging. And there you see, stepping out of the tunnel, Delilah Briarwood, with both eyes. Steps out. Her hood up, pulls it back. She glances off to a direction you can't see and goes, "It's "almost ready." A voice comes in through your ear. "Like what you see?" Immediately, you pull out of the scrying experience and you look around, your friends are staring at you. You guys didn't hear anything, but once again you hear in your ear once more, "Don't "worry, all shall be revealed soon enough." "Sleep well, young Keyleth." No, you can Plane Shift from the mansion. Shorecomb. SAM and Deal with poisoned air and breathing underwater. Water Breathing gets you under the water, but you still have poison in the air once you get to the tubes. Those help you filter water into air. Poison is a different thing. LAURA and Turn who into that? Yourself? Yeah, the planetar. You can definitely do that. Are you doing this privately or in front of everybody? In your room, you suddenly grow to the size of an 11- to 12-foot, muscular humanoid. Bald head, deep blue skin, with beautiful white angel wings that unfurl for 24 foot, tip to tip length, you feel holy power surge through your body. As the winged Dr. Manhattan stands there in his room, staring at his own Manhattan junk-- There's a slow rendition of Hallelujah as you touch yourself for the night. (singing) Hallelujah, hallelujah. (speaking) The wings curl in. All right. And on that note, we're going to close tonight's episode. (laughs) All right, guys, thanks again for playing, thank you guys for watching. Thank you once again Darin De Paul for coming and guesting, closing Sprigg's story in an interesting way. I wasn't sure how he was going to do that. We'll see you guys next week. Be safe, love each other, and is it Thursday yet? Good night.