Welcome, everyone, to today's special edition of Critical Role, where a number of us are going to be playing a fantastic game in the realm of Mordor, thanks to our fantastic sponsor for this event, WB Games! We're putting this together in celebration of the release of their upcoming game, Shadow of War, for Xbox and Playstation, which all of us have worked on, actually, for an extended period of time. Let's see. Well, first off, Travis, who'd you play in the game? So kill him immediately. Laura, who'd you play in the game? No. Who do you play? That's a great little view of the character, there. Perfect. Sam, what'd you do? That's perfect. Well, thank you, Sam. Mr. Darin De Paul? Hi! What'd you play in the game? Perfect. But glad you could join us, Darin. I play a professional orc who's going to follow you around everywhere, trying make sure that you're working it out. Where are you going, there? I'm going to cut your throat, bastard! And I also get to play-- I'm really excited about this, as a longtime Tolkien fan-- the Witch-king of Angmar, head of the Nazgűl. As a person that grew up reading Tolkien fervently and spending two and a half years playing a MUD based on Tolkien, and then, you know, the movies and everything-- huge honor to be a part of this, let alone such an iconic character. So, super excited. Super excited for this game, and those of you who haven't played the first game, Shadow of Mordor, what's wrong with you? It's legitimately a really fun game and this one expands even more on how awesome that was, so super excited. Thank you so much to WB Games for making this possible. You guys can check it out, Shadow of War releases October 10th, which is right around the corner when this is airing, which is exciting. You can find it at shadowofwar.com/purchase to go ahead and find out how to buy and pre-order it if you want to. Also, a mobile game should be out by now. Shadow of War has a mobile game for both iOS and Android that you can get as well, so check that out. But yeah, this whole game is a big celebration of the upcoming release of Shadow of War. We're stoked to be in it, and we're stoked to have you here. Without further ado, guys, let's go ahead and dive into the world of Mordor, shall we? Actually, before we begin, because we haven't actually established here, do you guys want to talk about who you're playing in this game? I'm already so invested in everything. Thank you, Travis. Laura? Thank you, Laura. Darin? And Sam, who are you playing? Perfect. So. Players and audience, welcome to Mordor. Chosen as the base to Sauron's foothold in the Second Age, these broken, ashen lands to the southeast of Middle-earth lay guarded by towering mountain ranges, ever dark beneath stormclouds and volcanic smoke spewed from within the fiery depths of Orodruin, or Mount Doom. Here in the Third Age, the once-thought-destroyed Dark Lord regains his strength, grows his armies, and prepares for his vengeance on the world of man and elves. You, friends, are soldiers and warriors under this shadowed banner. Whether Uruk- or Olog-hai, you've been raised and trained in the savage pits and fields of these lands, given purpose amongst the ranks of Sauron's great army, taught to slaughter, to devour, to outsmart and destroy all who would oppose his will, or be punished for your insolence. You relish the thought of sinking your blades into elf-flesh, eager for the chance to prove yourself and rise among your fellow uruk to command greater power-- and the rewards that come with it, of course. However, such a path is not as easy as the daydream would lead you to believe. Now, you four have spent months stationed on the outskirts of the watch-fortress of Nargaroth, on the eastern edge of the massive Plateau of Gorgoroth, many miles southeast of Mount Doom. As part of the Marauder tribe, you've been sent on a few raids here and there, between here and the Sea of Nurnen, scrounging up what meager spoils are left when the bulk is brought to the feet of your war-chief, Barfta the Blood Pike. While you both dislike and respect his greed, you've seen him carve every challenger to his position to pieces as a show of power. You hope to show him your worth and achieve greatness under his specific banner. At least, that would help you with your limited access to quality meats or being sent out on aimless patrols that try your patience. Maybe one day. For now, you sit amongst the rowdy riff-raff of the common tables in the fort courtyard, drinking from watered-down grog as you all celebrate a fairly unimpressive crushing of a not-too-far-away ghul mound. You four have bonded out of a need for allies, for boredom here leads to violence, and it's good to have friends when the brawls begin. The late afternoon sees fading off what specter of sunlight ever finds itself in Mordor, and the smell of burnt meats and blood fills the air. Welcome. You hear the clanking of glasses and partially cracked mugs nearby. The cheers and rowdy screams and yells of various half-drunken uruk in your vicinity, (shouting). You see two guys in the back far corner that are in the middle of a fist-fight with a small crowd gathering, but it's too measly for your attention. You all sit here, staring into your cups, contemplating your existence. It's that exact moment that a heavy nudge slaps into the back of Mozuu. You watch a familiar, lanky, nasty-looking uruk with large, broken teeth and a wiry physicality slamming into him, his large cup of thick, brackish grog spilling over and across your shoulder as he spins around to stare down at you, Mozuu. You recognize this as Hoshgrish Bootlick. Hoshgrish Bootlick. He turns around. "What you doing, bumping my drink, lob?" "Oh, I'm doing just fine right here! Will you go ahead and refill my drink!" And he puts his cup right on the table in front of you. As he wipes the bit of spittle from the bottom of his pointed, jagged chin, he looks down at you with a sly grin, his overbite curling back as it exposes with the smile. "Heh heh! You "obviously haven't seen the last one who bumped into me when I was drinking! So you want to start "a problem? Please, be my guest." He takes a few steps back and you watch as his hands go down to pull two jagged, black blades from the side. He spins and tosses them in the air and catches them. "Well look here, I don't have any sort of a problem with you, friend olog, but you understand. "I've had my drink disrespected and I'll take a head for that!" "Thank you." "The Dark Lord spoke to you?" "What a load of serak!" He puts his blades back in, like now disinterested, completely shut off from the conversation. "Give me my drink." "Thank you. 'Mozuu the Chosen.'" Turns around and starts walking away. As this conversation's taking place, you hear this massive, echoing explosion right over your shoulders as you see a flash of light and heat brighten the courtyard around you. Everyone in the vicinity looks up past. You can see one of the three large towers that sits in the courtyard of this fortress. The tower of Warchief Barfta is currently in flames, his chamber being burned as the thatch and mud that comprises its exterior are beginning to burn. You can see now everyone's mobilizing around you, grabbing weapons as a series of arrows come arcing in from over one of the walls. Three or four nearby uruk go (dying sounds) and fall to the ground, dead immediately. All right, what are you guys doing? Perception check, please. 12, okay! You glance around rapidly and you see people running back and forth and you can see guards along the wall, but the guards are firing inward. You see three or four uruk up on the edge of the perimeter wall that are currently loading up their crossbows or shortbows and are ready to fire another volley into the crowd currently drinking. All righty. You follow as well? So as Mozuu's picking up the rear you can see other goblins and uruk rushing past. You see another volley get loosed towards it. I need all of you to make dexterity saving throws, please. Off to a great start! Ten, all right! All right. Both Mozuu and Arburuk manage to-- Arby. Mozuu and Arby, rushing forward, you manage to get behind Arby as the heavy plates of armor that surround your large, troll-like form, the arrows smash against. You two not so lucky. You both suffer six points of piercing damage as a series of bolts or arrows stick into your chest and shoulders. You flex and tear them off as you rush forward towards the side of the tower before you now, the smoke billowing off the top of the inferno. All right! So as you guys are rushing forward now, the crowd swarming up behind you, you glance over to the right and you can see pouring out of the back side of this tower, three very brutish-looking uruk with bulging muscles. They have dark helmets on and this faint glow in their eyes as they charge in and start cleaving into nearby allies of yours that were drinking not a moment ago. Go for it! Make an attack. 11. I'll consider that in character. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 15 damage? It is currently in a scuffle with somebody, so I'll let you get sneak attack damage if you want to. 3d6, yeah. All right, so on top of the six, 17. So you watch as this one orc grunt, rushing forward, takes its battleaxe and jams it right into the clavicle of one of the nearby Uruk. Its weapon falls out of its hand. As it looks up, towards you, with a flash in its eyes, (gurgle), the bolt goes straight into its throat. (gurgle) It begins to bleed out its black dark ichor, before it falls to the ground, not moving. Okay. I will actually ask you three, since he got the jump on him, two other existing ones are now charging towards you, to roll initiative real fast. All righty. So we have Ur-Eden, we have Arby. There we go. So Ur-Eden, you're up first. There are two of these grunts that are rushing forward, both dual-handing battleaxes, and they're charging in. (guttural shout) Go for it! 11. Nope! You swing, and it ducks low, and it's going to come up with an upward strike. Do you have another attack? All right, attack again. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All right, so you spend a ki point to stun him. 14, no, he gets an 11. So he is stunned. Describe the Stunning Strike for me. What's the uruk term for that, by the way? There we go. It barely manages to maintain grip on the battleaxe, but right now is doubled over, knees knocked inward, in a bad place. Currently not able to sustain any sort of combat motive. (groans) There's no words. That ends your turn? You get a free bonus action strike if you want to, with your fist. Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, that's the Flurry of Blows with your Ki point, if you wanted to spend another one. No. But attacks against him have advantage. All right. So next up is Arby. Arby, what are you going to do? So as he's like (groans). The eyes glance up to meet yours, just as you go for the giant golf swing. You have advantage on this strike, don't forget. Yep. (laughs) That's okay. Yes. Actually, sorry, with the staff, you still can do a bonus action strike if you want to. Two hits, and bonus action you can get a third. Or spend a Ki point and get a fourth as well. Damage? The guy who's stunned, you knock him a good 15 feet in the air with an arc. (shout) His crumpled body lands on the large wooden spikes of the wall that you see some of the archers are on above and is stuck on there, impaled. What did you roll for that? That hits, go ahead and roll damage. All right. And then you. Same guy that he's attacking, so there's two more that weren't destroyed. Unfortunately, from hitting the first guy, it's already telegraphed your next swing against the other. He sidesteps it, passes by. Indeed. He's going to rush up to you with his battleaxe and make a strike towards you, who destroyed his friend. That's going to be an 18. So it manages to hit you. You suffer 11 points of slashing damage. You're using your Troll's Endurance? Once per short rest. Yeah. Okay, you take 11 points of slashing damage as the battleaxe comes down, slamming between two plates of armor and embedding itself somewhere in your torso. Mozuu, your turn. There's one left, who's been partially wounded. What's the spell DC? Okay, no. Nine minus one, so that's an eight. You can have up to three creatures of your choice, if you want to. The range is 30 feet, though, so it's pretty close. He's the only one you can see. As you stare at him, he looks fearful for a moment and you can see the hand shaking. What's going to happen is you get to subtract 1d4 from any of his rolls. Sure! So roll your d12. One point of slashing damage. You shrug it off. It goes through the plates of the armor, hits the skin and gets a minute in there, and you flex your abs. They're so strong! Does that end your turn? With that, another volley of crossbow bolts and arrows comes flying over. You can see maybe a dozen flying from the wall. Other Uruk are climbing to try and head these guys off in the distance. I need you all to make another dexterity saving throw. Both of you guys manage to dodge out of the way. However, both of you take five points of piercing damage as a bolt or arrow hits each of you in the shoulder or back. You guys are now at the base of the tower. You hear a smaller explosion, muffled. More smoke's billowing out the side. It's a rather large chamber that he lives in and it looks like about half of it is engulfed in flames, the side nearest to the entrance. You guys rush up the stairs to head up the side of the tower? Or do you find another way around? No, it's still standing there. What are you going to do; are you going to fight that guy or keep moving? Then Eden, you're up first. Attack of opportunity against you. That is a 15. What's your armor class? He has to minus d4 from him. So go ahead and roll a d4. That's a 12. The axe swings wide and you start darting up the steps. Up next would be Arby. Go for it. Oh, that's right! Yeah you can, actually. So you toss the crossbow over your shoulder, rush in blade out. Make an attack. With advantage, because he is currently-- All right, roll damage on that with sneak attack. With that, as he's currently standing there swinging wide, missing Eden as he rushes past, he begins to give chase. At that point his body stiffens up as the blade sinks right into the back of the spine. You drag it down through the shoulder blades, and as it brings his arms forward it kind of opens the wound. He crumples to the ground, not moving. All right, the rest of you catch up. You're faster than the rest, so you dart up towards the top of the stairs. Partway up the stairway, as you rush around the corner, you see an even more muscular orc standing there right before you. No helmet on, fury and this faint gray glow to the eyes. Swinging wide with a giant, two-handed hammer, goes swinging towards you. And gets two attacks, but the first one, a natural two, misses the first one. And a natural one for the second one. Swings wide once, and then swings a second time and you put your foot out and trip him, and as you do he stumbles forward and the hammer actually slams into the side of the tower. It wedges itself into the stonework as it's cracked and broken inward. And is currently trying to pull its weapon out of the stonework. 17 hits, go ahead and roll damage. Yes. Okay, so you get three more attacks on him. That hits, roll damage on that. Go ahead and roll your dice, double it. So two? 13 just barely hits, doesn't have a lot of armor on him. So how do you want to do this? You finish this guy off. With these four strikes, as he's currently trying to wrestle his weapon from the side of the tower, how do you finish him? With an exposed muscular torso, it takes a lot of pressure to try and cut someone with a quarterstaff. However, you thankfully as an olog-hai are a very strong creature by nature, and in a horrible display, you break the skin and force an E across his body with your quarterstaff. Sure! With that, he looks down at the E and you just push him off the edge of the stairs and he tumbles. You hear this lower-pitched Wilhelm scream. At which point you guys have now caught up to the back of Ur-Eden, and you guys climb up the rest of the stairs. You can now look over the side of the walls, and you can see a number of the uruk within this fortress have now overtaken a lot of the marauding, arriving traitors that had begun to attack. And it seems like most of the uprising's being quelled, however no one has gotten to the tower as quick as you. Other than the occasional flash in the eyes, nothing else seems to catch your attention. However, as you get to the top of the stairs around this tower, you're looking at the entrance. The door's partially broken inward and flames have completely wreathed the entrance to this chamber. It's really hot and you immediately recoil at the blaze before you. How do you wish to proceed? You hear a (muffled yelling) from behind the wall on the inside. There's a brief pause before you hear again (muffled yelling). All right, make an attack. Okay, go ahead and roll damage! With your giant maul, you slam down with this gargantuan hammer into the burning wood. 15 points of damage, crack! Most of the door breaks down. It's still barely holding on to the bottom hinge, but it now gives you a full view of the inside. You do suffer four points of fire damage due to the proximity to the flame, however you have opened an entryway to the chamber. Looking inside, you can see flames have taken the entire western side of the chamber. You can see a lot of the silks that he keeps-- For the point here, as the leader of this portion of the marauder tribe, Barfta likes nice things. Even glancing inside you've gotten little glimpses of the inside of his chamber here and there, and you can see gold spoils adorning taken cabinets and boxes and crates left around. There's just a large pile of somewhat loosely comfortable materials that you scoff at the idea of such comfort, but silently in the back of your head, you're like, I bet that's nice. You do actually see the far wall is an open hole, destroyed by one of the earlier detonations. You can see the entry point was the other side of this tower. You see numerous ruined bodies of uruk, like the one that you saw guarding the stairway on the way up, are now littering the floor, near that opening in the window. And there in the center you see Warchief Barfta, muscles swollen in rage. He kneels amidst these bodies, repeatedly slamming his fist into the face of a still-living would-be assassin, who's now on the ground just being clutched by the throat (roars). He's just like gone feral in his face at this point. Make a perception check. Glancing in, you can see he looks wounded on one arm, one arm looks like it has a few gashes, but for the most part seems to be not too worse for wear. As soon as the door bashes in, he's like growling at this one uruk on the ground who's partially broken with one eye swollen shut. Glances over, looks in your direction, "What're you doing? Get in and help!" Okay, so make an athletics check. Since you've already ruined most of its structure, this is more of a just pushing the rest of it out of the way. You manage to take the rest of your hammer and smash through the remains of the door. You do suffer another two points of fire damage in the process, but you've cleared the entryway and no one else will suffer fire damage passing through the entryway. You all step into the center of the chamber and there the warchief is still clutching his assassin on the ground and he's grinning and going, "You stupid shrak, who sent you? What fool dares raise arms against me?" The assassin (gurgles). Spits in his face. Looks back at the rest of you with this look of rage in his eyes. The Warchief, "You there, make yourself useful and get my information!" He throws the wounded assassin at your feet who tumbles. He starts coughing and trying to get up. A very big foot right on his chest, he's now like pinned on the ground pushing against the foot, but not able to get any ground. He's looking up at you, eyes wide from the pressure. (coughing) Make a persuasion check. 18. He calms down for a minute and smiles at you. You can see that same weird gray flash in his eyes. "You'll get nothing from me. Death comes for you all." "Look, I was sent by Ur-Gram the Face-Eater." Ur-Gram the Face-Eater. "See, he survived his duel in the wastes east of here under a new "lord. They have many under their banner. We was sent to take this fort, we was, and succeed we "would have, and we will again soon. Nargroth is next. Enjoy your heads while you still got them." (gargled screaming) Heavy stomp. Just this watermelon splatter of Uruk head against the stonework. The flames still burning around. The Warchief seems less frustrated. The Warchief has now sat down on the ground, back slumped against the pile of rags and cloth that he sleeps on and pulls a bottle of spoiled wine and uncorks it. Begins to wash the open wounds on the arm, takes a swig. "Does it look like I need medical attention?" "Then fix me!" Perfect, okay, roll your healing. All right. So as you bend, take them, and "Yeah." He was like, (grunts, then breathes). "Ur-Gram leaves and wants to take my fort, does he? Wants to wallow in my shadow, does he? That "sniveling orog's going to taste a hundred blades before he falls, I say. Am I right?" SAM and "I've got more than a hundred blades!" "Your job now is to count the blades." "Mozuu?" "And who chose you?" (laughs) "Stupid. What's your names, then? Who's your commander?" "That's right. You follow me!" SAM and (shouting) "What's your name?" "All right. You seem to be an able-bodied lot. You want to show your Warchief what real "uruk are made of?" "After." "Yeah? Then go!" (gulps) "I'm getting there! Head east. Find where Ur-Gram is hiding, tell me where and I'll reward "you. Bring me back his head, I'll shoot you all straight to captains, with your own roots beneath you." "Now hurry! Before the tracks go cold! Go!" "Count them quickly! I don't care!" "Good. Hundred swords. Heh." Make an investigation check in the vicinity, and then a perception check looking through the hole. Okay! Looking through the hole that is blasted into the side of this wall, there is a number of crumpled uruk, you see there are two assassins on the ground, both with ruined forms, seemingly the explosion that they brought here also blew them apart. The style you can appreciate. But you do see they have-- somehow through this explosion, three small encased leather-bound orbs that survived the detonation. You take and sniff it, it's a very familiar smell of powder. You do indeed. Yeah. What was your perception check? An eight. You glance out past the hole, to the dark hills in the distance. Nothing. That was amazing! "So! Maggots!" "I mean..." "No. All right, Forcs it is!" (cheering) Okay, make a perception check. 16; glancing about over the next five or ten minutes or so, you just count blades in the courtyard, and those that are pulling the bodies of the gathered mutineers and executing them in the middle of the courtyard; you count probably a good solid 73-74 blades by your estimation in immediate visual range. You throw in some, you know, estimations of non-visual range based blades, the size of the fortress, probably something around 125 blades currently available in just this small encampment outside the main fortress. "I like you." "But get out." As you're glancing out, you look past the eastern mountainscape; you can see what are the Mithram Spur mountains to the east of this encampment. The shadows of night have been claiming this vicinity as the sun's faded. You see a handful of fleeing goblins, just vanishing into the mountains heading eastward and disappearing into the shadows at the base. They're running away. Yes. Okay, so you take a short rest outside of the chambers of Warchief Barfta who has been trying to get you to leave for the past 20-- the chamber is just in flames around him, he's just sitting there drinking like "Leave! Me!" "Smartass." You do. Yep. Excrement. You do have, in this encampment, three carangors, that are caged, feral. They haven't been broken yet. But they are currently caged in the corner, you could see a few beastmasters that roam about. As you walk up to approach and take a look, you see one of them has a pike with this long, slivering piece of meat that has a little bit of skin on it still, and you think may have belonged to one of the uruks that just got killed in the fray and just throws into the cage. Immediately, this extremely large, hyena dog-like hybrid beast starts tearing it apart, getting gore everywhere. I mean, it's a big beast. You can certainly try. As you guys are having this conversation, you see one of the beastmasters is by the cage, looking at you with his head turned to the side, curious as to what you're talking about. And immediately, this claw grabs him and pulls him against the cage, (screaming) as one of the jaws grabs and tears his shoulder off from the back. He goes, (grunting). The other uruks start hitting it with pikes from the side of the cage, to calm it down, but it's already torn the guy apart. You're like, this is bad. Okay. So as you guys exit the outside of the fortress on the outskirts of Nargroth, you begin to make your way eastward towards the mountains, in the direction where you saw these fleeing goblins. Who's helming this journey? Who wants to be tracking eastward? As he's slowly carving-- well no, if you have the helmet on to track, he can't carve into it as you're moving. So a choice has to be made. So I want you to make a dexterity check. 22. You, of all the scars you've carved across the group, you saved the best for Mozuu. Even though it's a bumpy ride on the back of an olog, it's a beautiful display on this helmet. You're really proud of it, and also roll a perception check, because you're now the person interpreting the eyes. 14. Okay. So as you glance about, and you take a little while, heading forward, you begin to find the easiest path up the mountainside. As opposed to having to climb cliff over cliff, you guys eventually hit the base of the Mithram Spur Mountains, and begin to slowly pull your way up the occasional cliffside, but for the most part, you've managed to maintain a fairly easy to climb switchback path that has been walked through this mountain range a number of times. Make a survival check for me, please. All right. So as you guys begin to curl up and down the edge of this mountain range, you can see the large fortress of Nargroth in the distance, and the outskirts of the one small watch fortress on the outside of it, the three of which dot its exterior. The one furthest to the east that you just came from begins to disappear over the high mountain spires and now, in the dark skies, the black of night, just the faint glow of orange-red in the distance as Mount Doom occasionally flares up into the clouds ahead. It is very dark. Thankfully, I believe most of you have some form of darkvision. Yep. Great, so you guys are able to make your way through, following the wonderful direction of Skak on top. Leading you with absolute confidence up the side of this mountain path. And it's at that moment, (laughs) Arby, as your large foot hits a soft mound of dirt, a large one, one about maybe 25 or so feet across. Your foot hits it. The mountain seems to give way for a moment into a little bit of a plateau, and there looks to be packed ash and dirt that fills this small vicinity. And while you were conversing and listening and following the direction of Skak, your foot hits this soft mound. Okay. I would like all of you to make an intelligence check, please. So as all of you begin to follow suit with Arby and stomping on the soft dirt, you're like, wait, we've raided some of these before. You hear this soft growling sound as you watch these tiny humanoid creatures with long thin arms and legs, hairless gray skin, begin to pull their way out of small holes and tunnels in the sides of this mound. You watch as ghouls began to emerge now from the recent disturbing of their space. Because you rolled so high on the intelligence check, you do know that they have a hard time with bright light. However, I would like you all to roll initiative because they are immediately lunging towards you. (snarls) You can see four of them have emerged, and it looks like more are making their way out. So. All right, initiative order. What do you have? All right. Skak, you're up first. As you kept the helmet in your hand, you're like (hesitating). There are two of them that are ten feet from you now, rushing in your direction, and a few that are about 25 or 30 feet on the other side of the mound that are now climbing over it and darting towards you. You move first, though, so there's nobody quite in range or no one who's attacking you yet. Perfect. Okay, then. So as you chuck it out, there are two of them that are side by side that are emerging on the opposite side within range, so you could probably hit them both. So I need you to go ahead and roll-- actually, no, it's a dexterity saving throw on their point. Okay, so strangely enough, they both succeed. An 18 and a 20. You throw it, and they're so fast as they dart past. They're small and they're wiry and they're lively, and as soon as you throw and lob it, the both just separate and it splashes harmlessly on the ground below them. You see the acid burn up. No effect, unfortunately. Sure, yeah. So we'll say you dart off, and go ahead and roll a stealth check. Okay! Good to know. So that's you. You're hidden. That ends Skak's turn. Eden, you're up. Well, they've now separated a little bit. There's four now rushing right in the front, and they're somewhat close. You can get in between two of them and hit both. I believe you do, yeah. Go for it. 23 hits, yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. Seven points? All righty. So as you rush up and-- by the way, as an olog-hai, you're a big troll-like entity. The quarterstaff in your hands is like that long. It's like a tiny little baton. You smack it, and you dislocate its shoulder. And it gives a horrible pained sound as it does so. It's hurt pretty bad. These things are not very hardy, there's just a lot of them. All right. Go for it. 11 does not hit, unfortunately. You're too confident at this point. As you swing a second time, it ducks below, missing. 19. Go ahead and roll damage. And with that, you slam down and crumple its head into its shoulder. It makes this gurgle sound as it falls to the ground. And there's one who's now rushing up behind you that you can move into and get your final attack, if you want. Hand, or your staff. All right, go for it. So you run up and use that momentum. That hits. Yeah, roll damage. Five points of damage. All right, so it hits him, and he gives this guttural loss of air sound, but it's still standing without an issue. Well, the flurry of blows becomes your bonus. You do two attacks instead of one with your bonus is what flurry does. Oh shit. With an eight, no, he does not. So the one you slam, while it doesn't kill him, it knocks him off his feet, and it falls to the ground. It's clawing to find purchase to get itself back to its feet. With that, the remaining five... or the four that aren't currently prone, rush up-- the one that was prone gets up with its turn and it's going to go ahead and strike at you. It can't move anywhere, because it's no longer prone. Something's going to strike at you-- okay, that's a 23 to hit? You take seven points of slashing damage from its bite attack-- sorry, it's from the scratch attack as it strikes across you with its claw. It rolled max damage. It's going to attempt to bite at you. That's a nine, which does not hit you. So it strikes you with its claw, then goes to bite you and its jaw hits your armored flesh, your hide, and can't seem to pierce it. Another one rushes to the side to try and gang up on you. It tries to climb onto your back. That is a 16 to hit. What's your armor class? 17! It jumps onto your back but it can't pierce your hard hide, while another one-- a third one is going to rush up behind you as well. That one is going to be a 21 to hit. And that one takes-- you take three points of slashing damage as it rakes into your back and it gets up onto your shoulders. It's going to attempt to bite down on the top of your head. With a ten. As it bites down once again, it just can't seem to bite through your thick olog hide. Those are the three ghouls that are on you. Two more emerge from the mound and began rushing in. However, they cannot get into combat right now and still attack. The-- let's see, there's two more. One of them is going to rush towards you, Mozuu, and one's going to rush around trying to look-- Oh, that would've been amazing. (laughs) Good! That works to your favor. Actually, no, that's going to be two on Mozuu. Because they don't know where you are and they're a little scared of you at the moment. All right, that's going to be a 21? No, 21 to hit. What's your armor class? All right. So you take two points of slashing damage from the scratch, and 18? You take three points of piercing damage from the bite. The other one that swung up to you, because this one is now currently flanking you with the other one, that is a 23 to hit, which I believe hits. And then 24 to hit. 18 and 19. That's seven points of slashing damage plus an additional 1d4. So you get an additional one, so it's eight points of slashing damage. And second strike is going to be-- damage-wise, (counting) ooh, nine points of piercing damage. They're ganging up on you. You get the sense, individually they are not very dangerous, necessarily. They go down pretty quick. But when they gang up, it's bad, and they're ganging up on Mozuu right now. So ending that turn. Arby, you're up. Okay. I'm going to say it takes an action for you to light the torch-- Okay, so you're just holding it? Okay. So you lumber up with an unlit torch, clasped in your hand with your maul, and you're going to attack the ones against Mozuu. All right. Roll for the first attack. 21 hits. Yeah, go and roll damage. 15 points of damage? With one strike, you splatter this ghoul across the mound. You see its arms and legs go flying apart as its torso is crushed and destroyed. It's in pieces. Nope. (laughs) It's important to know. 11 just hits. 14 points of damage. You splatter a second one. You come swinging, and with each hit, the one to the left and the one to the right of Mozuu are both turned to absolute unliving matter. No, the two that are on Mozuu are gone. There's three that are now climbing up on Eden that have been trying to strike through. All right. So you use the last bit of your movement. This will be the end of your movement to get to Eden, but you can attack two that are on him. 14 hits. Eight plus five is 13. That's correct. You actually slam the maul into the side of Eden. Eden, you take just a simple three points of bludgeoning damage, but the ghoul that was currently clasped onto your side is smeared against you. There is a spray of dark crimson. Yeah. Roll damage. 15. And with that, you splattered the one on the other side, the back shoulder portion of Eden, and this time, you don't slam it into Eden, you just swing wide and you baseball-bat slam it, sending it flying 30, 40 feet arcing through the sky. (ghoul screaming) There's still the one of top of his shoulders. You got four in one round! While this is happening, Mozuu, it's your turn. There are two more. There's one that got up on the ground that's in front of Eden, there's one that's rushing in, and there's one that's on top of Eden's shoulders right now. Okay. As you rush up to the side to grab it, make a grapple check. Roll an athletics check. The ghoul rolled a natural one. Without an issue, you peel the ghoul off its back. Do you want to lunge for its throat? All right, roll an attack. Plus your strength, yeah. 15. Okay. Roll a 1d4 and add your strength modifier and damage to it. Six points of damage. So as you pull the ghoul off, it's screeching. You grab it by the back of the head, pull it back, sink your teeth into its throat and tear a chunk out. It's not a mortal wound, but now it's missing part of its throat, and its screeching goes from a (screech) to (moan) this horrible sucking sound as part of its trachea is now exposed. Oh, right. Go for it. He has a bonus action. War cleric. That hits. Roll another d4. As you pull away the first piece of flesh, you spit it to the side. As this horrible sucking screech sound happens, you reach down this time, getting a larger bite into its throat, and as you pull back, you leave nothing but the spine left behind, and the ghoul goes limp in your grasp, as you have the rest of its throat in your maw. All right, that ends your turn, Mozuu? That brings it to the top. Skak, you're up. Go for it. You have advantage because it does not see you. 21? All right, roll for damage. No, sneak attack, because it didn't see you. You were hidden. As it's rushing, we're talking 28 Days Later sprinting zombie level. Falls limp, unmoving, onto the mound. The bolt went through its throat and chest area. You watch as three more begin to emerge from the sides of the mound. This looks to be essentially a hive home to these, and you have no idea how many are inside. Three more emerge. Eden, you're up. Eden, while this is happening, it's your turn, and you've been bowing to him. Okay. You still have one on your shoulders, by the way. As it's trying to claw and bite you. Okay, you full run, dash action, and use that to move another movement. You watch as this giant olog-hai, like Wile E. Coyote, leaves behind a cloud in his shape behind. Because you're moving that fast, I will make sure the ghoul has to make a save to stay on. With a natural two for a strength save, no. The ghoul stumbles off, tumbling onto the ground behind you. Gets back up onto its feet. You start bolting in an eastern direction. Ending your turn, it's now the ghouls' turn. They cannot catch up to you. The one that gets up tries to run after you, but it's slowly behind. The other three now begin to emerge, and they're now rushing up towards you, seeing that you smashed so many of them in the past rounds. Three of them. Six attacks on you. They rush in. The first one's going to go for a scratch and bite. 12? And a seven. Second one up behind you. That is 18? All right, with that, because they're ganged up on you, they do more damage. That is six points of slashing damage. It's their turn now, and then they get to go. That's a 21. You take five points of piercing damage as this one claws and bites into you, and then that is a 17? No. And a nine. So they're clawing and jumping onto you. They're scraping at the armor, but it's keeping most of them at bay. They get a few hits, but it's not too bad. That ends their turn. That brings us to you, Arby. What are you going to do? Okay. You've got three of them on you right now. They're climbing all over you. 18 still hits. Roll damage. 16. There's one to the side. You grab it by the head and smash it in your grip and throw it to the ground with a slopping sound. Your next attack? You try to reach for him, but he's just out of reach, so you start spinning to try to get a better reach, but he's attached to you, so he spins, too. You end up going in circles for the rest of your round, chasing your tail. Mozuu, you're up. Okay. Now you have a taste of ghoul in your mouth. You rush over to Arburuk. Make a grapple check. It's an athletics check. 20? All right. Rolled a 19, actually. 18 plus one for its strength. It's not enough, so you manage to grab and pull it and barely peel it off, and you're going to try to go for its throat again? Roll an attack. That hits. Roll damage. 1d4 plus your strength. All right, roll one more time. Ten does not, unfortunately. You bite one chunk out of the middle of its clavicle area, and it's scrambling against you and pushing against your face. As you go for the secondary bite, it jams its hand into your mouth, and you gag for a minute and have to pull it out. It manages to stave off the fight for the moment, at least. That ends your turn, Mozuu? Skak, you're up. There are three. There's one that's still stuck to Arby, there's one that's being held by Mozuu, and there's one that fell off the shoulders of Eden as he ran away. From where you were, you're not that far from Arby and Mozuu. You could probably move in pretty close, yeah. Thunderwave? Okay. You can aim it in a way that will hit both of them, but you'll hit hit either one or the other. You could hit all of them, all four. You won't hit Eden, because he's too far away, but you can hit all four of them. Perfect. What you do is reach into your pouch and find one of those explosives that you had earlier, and you throw it and clench backward. I need both Mozuu and Arby to roll a constitution saving throw. I'm going to do the same. What's your spell save DC? They both fail. You rolled a ten? Fail. Fail. All of you take 2d8 thunder damage, and you're pushed ten feet away. Roll, Travis. Roll 2d8. Both of you guys take 13 points of thunder damage and are blown ten feet back as this small rolling ball explodes in a concussive blast. Both of the ghouls get scattered into nothing. The sound of the explosion echoes throughout the mountains, and both of you guys get pushed back ten feet, almost landing on the ground. Make a stealth check. All right, so as the explosion happens and you're standing right where the ball rolled, you're like, "shit!" Move back behind the mound and try to stealth and hide. Okay, that ends your turn. Both of them are detonated, at this point. There is the one across the way that fell off that's trying to catch up to Eden but is too slow. There's none currently out in the open, but you can hear sounds of scratching and little voices. That's true. The two of you, your bell's a little rung. You hear this, as you're hiding up against the mound right now. We'll say, for as many spell slots as you have. All right, so that brings us to Eden. Okay. You bolt away. This poor little ghoul has no sight of you. As that ends your turn, it is now the ghoul's turn. It's like, (panting). It's lost and doesn't see you. It's going to make a perception check. Nope! It begins scrambling its way back toward the mound. We'll find out. The rest of this story is the saddest little ghoul. Three more ghouls emerge from the inside of the mound. They emerge, but they are not in combat yet. Arby, you're up. Okay. I'll say yes. I'll say as you're running away, it's coming back towards you. 26 hits. Roll damage. All right, so this one ghoul who had made his journey back finally sees home and is running up and sees you (heavy footsteps, impact) and full-on whack-a-mole him into the dirt. You keep running. Go for it. You get to heal up some damage. All right. Mozuu. It's an action. Okay. You can use as many points as you want to heal yourself. You have a pool of 25 hit points total, and you choose a number of that 25. You only have 25 for the whole day that you can heal with that, but you can do five or ten or eight. Okay, so you use your action to heal ten hit points. Mark those ten off, and you heal ten. Okay. You go running and bolting off. Okay, so as you guys are all charging, you're still hidden against the mound. You see these three emerge from the side, and they're between you and your allies as you're pressed against the mound. You go running past one of them. It does get an attack of opportunity on you as you emerge. That's going to hit. That's a 17 plus five. Okay, so that's five points of slashing damage, which you take half of, so that's two. But you go running past? Double charge? Okay. As you guys are running, they're pretty quick, and they're keeping pace with you. They can't quite catch up to you, but they're following. As you're rushing, since you're the furthest behind, make a perception check. Okay. After a while, you eventually hear the sound subside, and it seems like they're returning to their mound. They don't want to get too far away from their home base. As the three of you reconvene, you make your way up the path and see one heavy breathing, exhausted Eden, alone. Make a nature check, since you guys are a little scattered, at this point. You do that for a moment and realize that doesn't help. However, you glance over and see the orange glow of the top of Mount Doom, and that does help you realize Ah! That is east. As you begin to move in that direction, I'll let you-- since you're leading this charge again, with the helmet, make a perception check with advantage because of the nature check. That 20 gave you a benefit to this. Perception with advantage. 18. You guys have now crested the highest point of this mountain range and are now making your way down the opposite side of this first ridge. As you climb over the edge, you glance over. Are you still on the shoulders of your olog-hai friend? You glance over the shoulders and look down just past the shelf, and you see this very faint bit of light, tucked in this small outcove in the side of the mountain. You glance past, and you can see six uruk figures, five of which are bundled up in ramshackle rags, small sleeping bag bundles, and one of them has a torch across its shoulder, keeping watch. They look roughly about the size of the goblins that you saw fleeing from the scene. Uruk scalp protein? Yeah. I was actually about to say, as you guys are taking this moment to heal yourselves up and prepare yourselves for whatever point of entry to this apparently unaware group of sleeping uruk traitors are, we're going to take a break. We'll rest up here for a minute. We'll be back here for the second half, very soon, of our journey deeper into the dark depths of Mordor. Thank you again WB Games for this. We'll come back here with the second half real soon.