Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons at the same table. Thank you so much for your patience. As mentioned last week, we're adjusting and changing and updating things and taking your feedback and our feedback, and everyone's been working really hard to make this set progressively better and better to make it a better experience. This is our first time all at the same table since the home game. (cheering) Still in front of a green screen. Totally. Thank you guys so much for being patient. We are up now, and let's dive into the announcements for the evening. We don't have a whole lot this week, but we have, let's see. Any updates as far as the merch is concerned? All right, cool. Also, a reminder, guys, the Tal'Dorei campaign guide's coming out at GenCon in August. Pre-orders go up, I believe, mid-July, and I think if you pre-order it, I think it's like five extra bucks or something like that, you get the PDF download immediately. All the information is on Green Ronin's website, so go check it out if you have any questions there, because they can answer them better than I can. I'm steeped in art approvals and everything right now. It's looking awesome. We've pulled in some-- we've got a lot of community artists that we pushed over towards Green Ronin, so they've been pulling people from the community, which makes me happy, because I want to get as many of you guys involved as possible in this. I was referring to the community, not you guys. Yeah, I've seen it, and it's pretty... yeah. They all wind up looking like genitals. It's crazy. We have the podcast, which is now up. (cheering) I don't blame you. So we got that. And we have Wednesday Club. Make a big effort to bring back the What the--?! comics. You've almost learned invisibility! Anyway. Apologies to all our scientology fans. All right, so. Exactly. And Signal Boost? All right, cool. Then, unless we have anything else to announce, let's get into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Yeah. Hey. Building a reputation and a criminal ring in Ank'harel as a forging master in various types of furniture and accoutrements. And upon realizing through the aid of one his hired help, Lionel, or Chud. Chad? Chod. Whatever the various pronunciations were that came through. Discovered that there was a second sphere, apparently on some sort of pyramid-like ziggurat structure not far from Ank'harel. Upon you returning as Scanlan to notify the party, you all made your way to Ank'harel, briefly met with Kaylie, and saw a little bit of the setup that they've been building for the past year or so, and then made your way towards the Smouldercrown Mountains to the southeast of Ank'harel, where apparently this structure resides and this cult, that is apparently sacrificing objects of magical power towards this black sphere. So you made your way to the outskirts of this mountain, discovered that the entrance that was previously there had been collapsed, and discovered a new, carved entrance into the mountain, were beset by a few traps, made your way into a far corner, set up a mansion, and after dealing rather briskly with a cluster of undead that had built up on the outside of your entryway to your magnificent mansion, you made your way to the final chamber where the structure was residing. A number of cultists there were in the process of quickly, hastily throwing these objects to the top and then noticed that you had come as interlopers into this space. At which point you realized the head of cult, at least this group here at the top of the pyramid, was none other, seemingly, than Lady Delilah Briarwood. Who then protected herself and two of her cult members beneath the veil of a Prismatic Wall in the shape of a sphere, and you did battle with a number of undead and other cultists and followers of the Whispered One that involved largely just throwing a bunch of them into the ceiling, including yourselves, thanks to a well-placed Reverse Gravity. Scanlan had darted past the Prismatic Wall with a clever use of Dimension Door. Actually, no. Looking at the rules, too. It was a good call to bring it back, in my opinion. But nevertheless, they escaped seemingly into the sphere, Delilah and two of these cultists, after turning it from this glowing white back into its black magic-absorbing self, leaving you all there. Managed to cleanse Pike of her Feeblemind spell, and after acquiring a few of these magical artifacts that were left unbroken, and some cult robes, and apparently symbols of this cult of the Whispered One, you now stand in the middle of this cavern on the outside of where this second Ziggurat exists, deciding what to do next, and what the next step of this journey means for you. So, Vox Machina, what would you like to do? No, that much time has passed, unfortunately. You could use the same funds to bring that Doty back, it would just take you the week in reconstruction anyway. But you're not losing that Doty. The other one, you unfortunately lost in the City of Dis, but this can be brought back at the same cost of a new one. So you're not having to reconstruct an entirely new Doty. Yeah. Yes, you do. With the brief glance through the-- Well, the arrow was in the one beneath Whitestone. Through your connecting with Sarenrae, the vision that you received through that portal seemed to be very similar to what Vex described seeing through her arrow. Not within the radius. Well, no, actually, because when you used your wings outside, you guys came inside. Did you use your wings during the battle? Did you guys take a long rest? You did. So by this conversation happening, the rummaging through the bodies, inspecting the vicinity, I'd say you maybe have 20 more minutes on your wings. You did, that's how you found the objects. That's right, you found them on the cart. You did not actually rummage through the bodies. Make an investigation check. 23, okay. Over the next 15 or so minutes, as you go through and begin to gather the corpses, most of the skeletons out here that have armor on, it's old, rusted, destroyed, broken armor, and the weapons either fell apart in the battle against you or are just barely usable or functional at this point in time. Of the various cultists' bodies, the armor on the black guard that you were battling is a pretty nice-looking set of full plate. You also find similar symbols, these dark iron necklaces that you found on the previous cultists. Six. Which, just as a note, the visual of Grog pulling this body out of the Bag of Holding is much like trying to pull a Slim Jim out of the wrapper. It pulls weird and you have to yank. Yeah, it's like by sections, and you watch him strain as you pull some out and it folds over. It's just really awkward and awful. But yeah, you manage to get the body out. (impacts) Up each step. As you throw it, it impacts, and you watch as the body stops in mid-air from the gravity, stopping where it stands. Its legs fold over, and like a broken physics engine, you watch as the body (crackling) twists, cracks, and gets sucked in. (suction sound) You place one of the various symbols around its neck and then Babe Ruth-style lob it, and you watch as it gets within a certain proximity, the orb seems to shimmer and shift open ever so slightly. It's similar to what you saw, it opened to a mouthed gateway when Delilah and the other cultists walked through. The body still rattles, and you watch it twist a bit, but it's a far less impactful transition. "I can carry him!" And you look over and Chod goes over and grabs Doty. (grunt) "Should I "put him somewhere?" "Okay." They are magical. It's a mild enchantment. It's not extremely strong, but it is very specific, and it is more of an attunement to a specific plane. It has something to do with whoever's bearing it, or whatever's wearing it, is already partially crossed to a certain extent, so it limits the impact of the transition. Very well. So this is Plate Armor of Resistance to radiant. Do you ask this question of him? "Can I have it?" "Those boots are better than my boots. Can I have the boots?" It's full armor plate. They're still part of the armor set. He leans over to Scanlan. "Hey, boss. Do I want a jewelry box?" "Yes, I would love a jewelry box. Thank you." "It makes music, do I want it?" "Yes, please. Take all of it." Now he's carrying the music box and Doty. (laughter) "That's loud." "No." "You guys can keep putting things on me. That's fine." It comes to about 180 feet from the actual sphere. It's similar from when you originally tested it. It was about the width of the whole chamber underneath Whitestone. And that chamber was more cleared out, more of the actual structure was visible. This one is still partially buried and you're only seeing the upper half of it. In that chamber, you cannot fly. At this time, it would be. Yes. (laughs) All righty. So you guys all make your way back to the second entrance, the hidden, illusory one. You all back out of it, leaving just Pike and Grog on the inside. Okay, cool. So I need you to go ahead and make an investigation check. And you can assist him, which gives him advantage. Total of 19? Okay. Halfway through the hallway, you find the place where the initial collapse was started. Or you start looking to see what they used to destroy the first entrance that you were supposed to come through. You can see the way it's carved, designed, especially the smooth entrance. Which, now that you get a better look at it, that soft, spongy ground, that dust you were finding you begin to recognize the pattern of what carved its way in. You saw it used at the top of the Emberhold when you were fighting the queen there. It was a series of Disintegration rays used to carve away into this mountain. That's what that dust is that's on the ground. And why it's such a smooth entrance on this side. Mm-hm. However, because it was just a series of magic Disintegrations pushed through to create this second opening, it's a little harder to find points in the structure where the weakness is. So you begin to cut away at some areas, you get like a small axe or one of the various objects that you've-- pointed objects that you've acquired over the-- Yeah. And you just hit at some areas, and you do find one section where you would think it would be a relatively weak point of impact between the various rocks and stones that hold this up. You would recommend hitting it and then running. Pike. Go ahead and make a strength check, as Grog throws you up to the ceiling to where the one place in the rock structure is. 13? Okay, so you take her and you alley-oop and you (impact) hit it and you watch it (cracking) and some dust falls and settles. A couple of small pebbles (falling pebbles). And you grab her like, oh! Okay, seems okay for now. Okay, so it just happens naturally. So go ahead and roll a strength check with advantage. 23. So for the height of the cavern here, you get yourself a nice-- you crouch low and full shoryuken-style, like (impact) punch into the roof and as you hit it, impact and go clean through and bring it to the ground. Land, and you hear the (crumbling). You guys start bolting through, and as you're rushing, Pike, you're looking over and you can see the walls (impacts). You guys are bolting out as well. Both of you guys go ahead and make dexterity saving throws, please. Okay, so as you guys are bolting, you're holding onto Grog, and you manage to look behind just fast enough to see one of the walls is about to full-on collapse at the side, and you go ahead and grab the side of Grog's ear and yank his vision that way. He starts turning off to that side, and you manage to just avoid that side of the wall as it (impact). So you start steering him from behind like a prized racehorse, and making your way through this cavern until eventually the back half of the cavern collapses and comes to a rest. The front half is not collapsing, but you do-- you have a large portion of the path leading to the ziggurat is now just rubble and rocks. Okay. The rest of it is fairly easy to do because you find the closer you get to the entrance, based on the previous collapsing, elements of it have started to show cracks, like the actual weight, because it was just a smooth transition there. There was no load-bearing platforms or any sort of general structure to the interior of this cavern. So you guys manage to pummel your way out, a large spinning punch on this side and this side as you're rushing out, and as you do (impacts) you hear it slamming and hitting the ground behind you until you guys emerge through. It looks like you're running straight at a wall because the illusory wall is still there, but you both just out the other side. Immediate hot daylight hits you, the blaring sun of the Marquet sky. Clear blue sky, no clouds. You're now surrounded by a series of browned and leafless trees with these large canopies that have the same pear-like fruit hanging from the branches. Looks like fruit. Make a nature check. It's hard to tell, but it looks really tasty. So. Looks tasty. Okay. You take a bite and it's got a fairly moist center. You can see now, like a cactus, the fruits here, most of the moisture is retained within these fruit elements. The flavor, it's not sweet, it's quite pungent, actually. It has a bitterness to it. It's like putting your tongue in a bunch of lye. Just as a breeze blows a bit of a dust cloud through, which coats your sticky hands with heavy desert sand. You chew for a minute and feel the crunch of granules inside your mouth where you inhaled. (crunching) Back to you guys. You were looking for the other entrance? Investigation check. So, who's helming the investigation of this? And you're aiding her, so go ahead and take it with advantage. All righty. I left on my collapsing music. So, as you glance around and do a pass over the next 20 minutes or so. It's as fast as you can, but it takes you a while to scan and get a feel for it. You do see what looks to be, because you felt the wind was coming through from the interior, you see a small well-like crevasse where the rocks have collapsed inward. You can see, glancing over the top, the dark, five, six-foot-wide hole that leads deeper into the mountain. Don't hear it. Okay! Your vision watches as it-- Okay, the arrow now, burning, it leads you into this dark space. It lights up the interior. The arrow gets about maybe 60 feet before it hits a rock and shatters. It's not straight down. It has a series of platforms, and it looks like it was designed to be climbed down, so it's a bit zig-zaggy. It maybe went 50, 60 feet and it hits a platform and shatters. You lose your vision. But it does appear to be a sizable tunnel used for entry. You watch as she leaps and-- cloud of dust. There is no sign she impacted, she's just gone. You just see the side of the mountain. You glance in the inside with what little bit of daylight is ricocheting off of the stone interior. You can see the edges of Keyleth's elemental form swimming through the rock. Because she can do that. Are you following the actual path? Make an investigation check. 15. Okay. You get about a third of the way down, and you realize that one of the platforms that you can land on has, uncharacteristically, a softer cushion to it. Everything else is just stone slabs. This one has almost-- Yeah! (laughs) Like a spring air mattress, it's crazy. No, it's like a woven, dried palm frond-like cloth that's rested over it. Okay. You continue southward, scooting. You can sense the very exterior of the wall that leads to this path, so you're staying away from it as you glide through the rock and earth. Eventually, you come close to the very top, breaching the dome that leads down into the chamber where you had your battle naught but an hour ago. As you poke your face through, you're looking down, you can see the dark sphere there, hovering. You can see the large pyramid structure below it, probably about 60 feet below you. You can see the entrance to the tunnel that leads into here. There is a small ladder up along the wall that previously you didn't notice because of the lack of light and attention to the ceiling portion. But people were either climbing up into or climbing down from. By the way, it's fantastic. You all hear through it (earth elemental grumbling). The grumbling, low voice of an earth elemental speaking to you through the earring. Easily enough. You go by and you start kicking through the tunnel as you go. You can sense near proximity where any of the various weak points are in the stone. Systematically go through it, collapse it, piece by piece, until eventually most of the tunnel is useless and unusable. How long can you maintain your wild shape? Oh, you're fine, then. You emerge a little over an hour or so of doing this. You emerge from the top. You watch as Keyleth (rock impacts), looking like a large version of Fantastic Four's Thing. It appears to be taken care of. All of the entrances have been collapsed. There's no way that you can imagine any average person can find their way into this. You can-- you maintain your mental acuity and statistics when you're in there. The texture and timbre of your voice. You can hear words, but it's almost like words being made by slamming rocks together. Make a wisdom check. 13? That's enough. As you sit there in silence with your eyes closed, beseeching the attention of your patron, which seemingly wasn't present when you attempted to in the proximity of this doorway. The familiar soft, omnipresent voice creeps into your psyche as she tells you, "It "seems that the bender of fate is feeling the tug of destiny. It's almost as if you're coming "towards me. If you sense this path is the right one, follow your instincts. "Perhaps we'll meet soon enough." All right. So you guys reconvene. How do I describe the smell? It's reminiscent of discovering old lemon juice that has grown sticky on a surface, like a dark mahogany wood surface. Kind of like a bar floor. We'll go with that. Make a nature check. No. There are elements that have gone bad on the ground and have been covered by sand as winds blow through. It's like desert noni. It's extremely healthy and has a lot of practical medicinal use. In fact, it's traded specifically for its use in various herb pouches. Yes. A vafall fruit. No. Listen to Sam. He's got the pronunciation. Yes. The ones on the outskirts of the mountain range are small, but the deeper into the valleys and ravines between the large spire-like mountains, you do find a few that are probably large enough to utilize through your spell. His mouth is filled with fruit. (laughter) "It's getting really heavy. This is really heavy." "I don't see any similarities." (laughter) All right, so as you finish concentrating on the outside of one of these large, 15 to 20-foot-tall, leafless, fruit-bearing trees in the center of the Smoldercrown Forest, the doorway shifts open, revealing on the opposite side the dark, sunless night of Whitestone. Okay. You guys arrive. It's early evening. You can see the windows of nearby homes, shops, and various structures near the square are beginning to glow from the interior light of small lanterns and candles. In the distance, you can see the perimeter beacons being put along the castle walls on the exterior of Castle Whitestone. You're back home. All right. At which point, Lionel keeps asking, "Can I put him down yet? Can I put him down?" "Ooh! That helps a lot." You make your way to the castle. Doty's delivered to the workshop. Taryon? Okay. (laughter) All right, so you guys now have the run of the castle. What do you wish to do? Okay. As you approach Cassandra, at this hour, she currently has a recently steeped, still-steaming cup of tea resting on the table, towards the window side, the front window side, of the general dining hall area of the castle where you usually eat your supper. She's facing away from the table and has a thick robe over her and has the tea and is in the process of reading through books. Her hair's pulled up tightly, and some of it's a mess in front of her face. She's very much in work mode. She's poring through books, and as soon as you enter, she reaches over for her cup of tea. "Oh. Hello, everyone." She gets herself a little more presentable. "I've got "the assistance of Eskil Ryndarien. Everyone else seems to be a bit busy at the moment, but Allura "is doing the best she can research on her end, as well." "How much time do we have?" "Well, you have far better means of acquiring these people than I do. I can merely "send missives and requests." She takes it and adds it to her tea. "He is. He's currently inspecting the ziggurat again. He's setting his notes up where he "previously set up research quarters during the incursion of the Conclave." "She's in Emon. She's still part of the council there." "No, he's back in Emon." Okay. Okay. You make your way down there, and you can see it's still fairly dark in that chamber. Most of the lights have been snuffed except for a few torches that are set around the central platform that was built about mid-height on the ziggurat, where you guys had the council meeting with Raishan that one time, and where most of the research is being done there. Up top, you see a number of guards, the Pale Guard are assigned to keep watch. You see Jecht, the manservant of the Realmseer Eskil there, as well. Currently, you see Eskil Ryndarien is spreading out his thick scrolls and books, and they're all across the big central wooden table, and he has his thick spectacles on, and he has a number of candles already set up, and he's deep into getting his space prepped and acquiring whatever information he'd put away since the investigation was put on hold. "Yes? Oh, it has been some time, Lady Vex'ahlia. "I've heard you've come up in the world." "Wondrous. Yes. What do I have the honor?" "Right, so you brought me all the way out here, and now I can't do my work? That's great. "No, that's par for the course. It's basically most of my life." "Oh! You're right. I didn't know that. I've only spent six months with the thing!" "That's preposterous. Siphons only work one way, my dear. Nothing's coming through there." "You know this how?" "What, here?" He looks you over really intensely. "If what you believe you saw is indeed another one of these "siphons, then perhaps we should take a little more care." "Jecht, please continue. Gather everything. We're taking this outside." "Wonderful. Good to know. Goodbye." They gather up the materials. The Pale Guard escorts them back into the hallway, and he's now talking to Jecht off on the side. He goes, "Well, then we "can go ahead and stage ourselves in the grand guestroom with the nice big bed. Yes?" He looks over his shoulder as you say this. "Oh, you're eavesdropping now, as well. "That's wondrous." "So I can tell. Yes, the big bed. The one that helps with my back." "Looks fine to me!" Keeps walking. Did not appear to be cursed from your glance at it. Unless you're having a closed conversation. She's already poured some into her tea. The silence, the stark absence of sound, is completely sundered by the sound of shattering porcelainware. The tea that she had recently barely sipped on is now shattered and spilled across the ground. She stands there, her hand open as it slowly curls back. She stares off into the distance, clenching her fist very tightly. "Yes, we do." "No running." "But you'll take care of her?" "She's escaped death once already. Who knows how many times she has before. "You have to end it." "Don't destroy her body. Destroy everything she is." "Shatter the soul. Whatever it takes. End her, brother." She takes the flask. "I need a moment alone, please." "I'm going to be sick." You close the door and there in the hallway, waiting opposite the door, is Keyleth. At which point, you hear behind the door, a muffled (retching). Okay. You speak with the rest of the standing chamber. You begin to do your research. Make a history check. 22. You've read through most of the books here, between you and JB, who's spent some time also reading quite a bit. There's no mention of the symbol itself, and there's very little information on the Whispered One, on Vecna. It's interesting there's almost a gap in history. There are subtle mentions of this figure, this once-powerful mage that had begun to look into the secrets of life, prolonging it. The fabric of reality. And then it's just missing from history. And you recall... all the books that would cover that time period, you remember hearing stories from Allura regarding the Whispered One, originally. There's no mention. Books that you feel like should cover it. Historical recalling of Wildmount, which if you recall, based on some of Allura's discussion on the Whispered One's previous existence as a mortal, largely, Vecna's work was done over on the Wildmount side of Exandria. I don't, either. No. He's a barbarian, I think it is. We have to work out the 5e classes for the Hamilton characters. Get on it, Critters. Anyone else wishing to accomplish anything else? Grand Poobah, if this is indeed your request, they will do their very best to do so. Within an hour or so, you are presented with a bowl of various textures of shredded, cured, and prepared meats to loosely resemble a salad, I guess. It's like a giant poke bowl. You look at the wait staff and they, "Actually, sir, it was Chef Varon." You look over and you see this one, and you've seen a couple of the chefs here, you haven't interfaced with them too much. You're not a social figure necessarily, more of a demanding figure when it comes to the food and the meal. But you see this gentleman with this thin John Waters pencil mustache, this thinning hair that's short, but slick, with a bit of pattern baldness going on. He's a bit thick around the waist and he's sitting there with a big, beaming grin of pride. "Oh, well, Grand Poobah, I image that would be your honor to give. I am but humbled to present "you with such a meal, so the choice is yours." "Oh, well, we've got quite a variety. I wanted to provide an extravagant walk through the "various creatures that we prepare here in Whitestone. Would you like me to continue?" "We have two-week salted goat meat. On top of that we have hickory-kept long angle-smoked "fish guts mixed in there with a wondrous mix of minced steaks, we've spared no possible expense on "the various pieces of the cow. We've, from that point forward, presented a sprinkling of pork "belly that's been ground up and salt-cured as well over the period of about two months usually kept "to our various steam meals, but I thought this was a special occasion." "So, it has a very sedimentary layers of the planet-type feel to it where each reveal occurs "it's a whole different genus of animal. You're eating nature in a bowl!" "They came salted." "GoFiBePo it is." "GoFiBePo." "Of course, Grand Poobah." He begins writing these things down. "All right, all right. You would need approval from "Lady Cassandra, of course, to put this in the familial--" "Well, if you were to make this the official meal of Whitestone, that is entirely within--" "You heard him, folks! Grand Poobah has spoken." GoFiBePo. Yeah. Oh, it is delightful. It is delicious. And it's currently being submitted to the senate of Whitestone for approval to become the official dish. Yeah. With a constitution check it might improve your speed. All right. So. What else do you wish to do, as it is now getting close to the midnight hour here at Whitestone? Okay. Now, Percival, Keyleth. Pike, I believe you're helping out in the library as well? Well, Vex arrives to meet up with you guys in the library of Whitestone. Whatever you're doing, Scanlan, I don't know. The Sun Tree has been around since before-- The history, you know, is back in the Age of Arcanum, this valley housed a temple to Ioun, which was corrupted, and in the Calamity, the battle between the gods and mortals that changed the epoch, the Knowing Mistress suffered a grievous wound from Tharizdun, the Chained Oblivion. And in that battle, Pelor, the Dawn Father, delivered enough of a blow to the Chained Oblivion to defeat it and aid in locking it away. With the temple still lost beneath this valley, that was when the Sun Tree seed was planted by Pelor to be guardian over this space. A god called the Chained Oblivion. The Chained Oblivion. Tharizdun. Yeah. A mad god of chaos and destruction. From what you've come to understand and the research you've done since the name has come up-- Right. Now mind you, the information is still very hard to find. He's not a god. Wants to be, or at least wants to, and there is some obsession with the ascension of a mortal to a beyond-mortal state. Which has only been achieved by one being before. You got some of it and a lot of it dealt with ley energies. There are certain lines that stretch across, invisible lines that stretch across Exandria, where the magical powers that hold together the planes and protect it through the Divine Gate and other elements-- You don't know that. But you do know that Whitestone resides right beneath a nexus. These ley lines were shifted during the Calamity. And now one of these nexuses is right over Whitestone, which is why this location was chosen for the ritual that the Briarwoods were assembling. In looking up the background history, you would know that King Bertrand Dwendal of the Dwendalian Empire was given information in regards to the Briarwoods, who were essentially accused of forbidden necromancy. And were to be arrested and put on trial, and that's when they fled westward towards Tal'Dorei and then encountered your family. Seemingly. The bridge, from what you can tell, there was no way, plans or means of even building a bridge. And a bridge has been attempted in the past over the Shearing Channel and it's just too-- The cliffs are too steep and too windy and the water beneath is too strong. Which is why the prospect to the previous sovereign was such a possible good thing to make a deal with the Briarwoods at the time. But there are no plans. Nothing in their notes spoke of actually making a bridge. It was more a means to get into the graces of the royal family. You've seen a few, actually. Tary is fixing Doty. You're terrible. Since he arrived, yeah. You're not there. All right, so you're all going to go in for the evening, and we'll come back to this in the morning. Sorry, go ahead. Okay. Okay, so you all find your evening's rest, preparing for the next morning in whatever means you wish to prepare for. We're going to take a break. We'll be back here in a few minutes to pick up this next length of the journey and see where it takes us. We're giving away on the break a Purpleheart dice box from Wyrmwood. Get that Scanlan wood! Yes, so for that contest you need to come over to Twitch chat, and I've actually forgotten what word we chose for today. (laughs) What was the word? Thank you. Whisper. The word is whisper. So go ahead and when prompted, enter "whisper" into the chat room to enter, and we'll come back after the break to announce who the lucky winner is. We'll see you guys in a few minutes. (cheering) [break] That it does, apparently. Anyway, welcome back. You may fight one later. (laughter) He's actually eating out in the garden. He has one of the little tables set out there. It's a nice morning out in Whitestone right now. It's chilly, but the clouds have broken a bit. You can see some blue skies; a little bit of sun's breaking through. He's out there with Jecht, his associate, who's in the process of cutting his food for him while Eskil's sitting there, still looking through books and occasionally reaching over and plucking things from his plate to eat. As you approach him, he doesn't even look up. He goes, "Yes? What do you require?" "Good morning to you, as well, I suppose." "It is weather, yes." "It's done. I've researched it. I don't know what you require." "As much as is in the tomes I have at my disposal, yes." "It's a plane of negative energy, and elements of it are used to funnel the transition "of souls from life to death or back. A number of it is scourged by undeath and those that skirt "that process. It exists as a mirror plane, much like the Feywild. There are elements that resemble "Exandria, but twisted, shifted. It is a very barren, very broken, dust-filled, dark-- not a "very pleasant place, really." "Elements of it, yes." "Good. You should be. Precision is recommended." "It would need some alteration. It's possible. Very careful alteration. You need it to "be a very narrow fork in order to properly channel the spell, and this does not quite match the "proper division of magical energies. It could be physically altered to do so, but too much and you "ruin the minor enchantment and attunement." "I don't know. I'm no metalworker. I imagine not too much." He leans back, looking slightly offended. "I have means to communicate with individuals of "importance, yes." "I have absolutely no interest in any of what you just said." "I'm not a messenger service for individuals' parental units." "Who's your father?" "Right, of the wind people. Whatever. Right, okay." He thinks for a second. Begins to run his finger in the air, and you watch as there's a faint scrolling of soft bluish-white light. (poof) Turns to smoke and vanishes. "All right, he knows "you're going to be off doing stuff in the Shadowfell and probably won't be back for a while." "You're welcome." (thud) "You're welcome. I will call into this favor later." "I will." "They're delicious." (frustrated noise) It's still in town. (laughs) I will say, if you're spending a good portion of the morning going around, asking. Being your charismatic self and well-versed in gathering information in a marketplace, you do find two chalices for sale that would match the specifications required to cast a Heroes' Feast. "The finest chalices this side of Wildemount. It's crazy." "This one has an anti-dribble chinnage. For all those nights you're drinking too hard and you "don't want to spill all over your front pouch?" "That will cost you extra." "Five gold, for the sippy cup." "Each cup, because these traveled quite a bit. They'll bring you about 1,200 gold pieces." "Apiece." "Hey, you think I haven't been busy after you left school?" (laughter) "Found a new occupation chalice collector." "Actually..." "That sounds like a perfect reason to buy them." Make a persuasion check. "Vox Machina, you say? You know these folks?" His eye widens on one side. "Well, I've not really seen or know much about you folks, but I've "heard tales of you." "That real dragon? No shit. Well, I mean, tell you what." He pulls out a piece of paper and starts scrawling on it. He pulls out his inkwell and starts dipping it. "If you would do the honor "of signing this official document that says that these were sold to none other than Lady Vex'ahlia "of Vox Machina that I can use as proof of this transaction for my own promotional purposes, I'll "be happy to give you both of these--" Yeah, basically. "I will happily give you both of these at a discount of 1,000 gold pieces apiece." Sure, go for it. Your insight. 14? Hard to read. (laughter) "A pleasure doing business with you, milady." Hands you the two chalices. They're beautiful. One's more reddish gem-encrusted. The other has a platinum spiral that runs around the base of it. They're both beautiful and intricate. "Yeah, okay." "Wait, that guy looks familiar." I forgot to also say we have a winner, by the way. Kiajade. Congratulations. I should have mentioned that. I got caught up in the story. Thank god that's never happened before. But congratulations. All right. You've acquired your chalices. What other business do you guys want to take care of? Okay. Make a tinkering check. Dexterity. Well, no. This would be intelligence. It's a new concept you're trying. Plus your proficiency. 19? Sure. You manage to make about 12 pieces of silver shot. You know, for the most part, because it's not as hard as other forms, it's going to be... but it is susceptible to enchantment. Okay. You take the silver shot. Anyone want to try anything else? Make an investigation check. 21. "You look like you're looking for something to buy." "My lady. Do I? I happen to have one vial of holy oil, good for two applications." "Traveled a long way, and you're a little late in the shopping day. I was all full on them, "but they've been flying off the shelf. My apologies." Three applications with the vial that you have. "Look, you've already done some good business with me. I'll give it to you for 150." All right. I'm not hearing music. We'll check that in a second. Anybody else want to prepare anything? Okay. You find him. It's early morning. They've finished their early round of training for the morning, and some of the early Pale Guard recruits are in the process of rushing off and taking a small lunch break. He's currently taking a lot of the equipment from the training grounds and setting it aside in the various weapon racks, and generally cleaning up the space as you approach. He looks over his shoulder as he sets some of the practice blades along the edge. "Good. All's well. Just keeping things going. Got a lot of good up-and-coming folks." "Working on it. It's a process." "Thank you very much. I'll keep it at my side." He takes the basic dagger out of his sheath and chucks it into the corner. "Thank you. Thank you very much." "There's still a ways to go." "I look forward to it. Stay safe." All right. If you get really close at night, you hear this faint (screams). He puts another pillow over it. All right, so what do you wish to do, guys? It will take you a while to do so. You could temporarily bless them with the Bless spell, but to infuse them with the blessing would be the equivalent of a small enchantment, so it would take you a couple of days or something. Each of you don one of the symbols? All right. You find your way down into the subterranean tunnels beneath Whitestone, winding through the caverns until you enter the chamber that contains the ziggurat where you initially faced off with the Briarwoods. As you climb to the top, there before you, you see standing in all of its glory, the black, as you've called it, spinning orb of death. Approximately that large now, and it's this dark void, that as you get close, it has this weird vibration to it. And there it is, suspended about four feet off the ground at the top of this ziggurat. Yeah. You put the necklace near it, and you watch as the sphere, this weird grayish aura around it begins to emanate faintly, almost like the closer it gets, the brighter this weird gray aura tends to get and the wider it grows. All right. I would like you to make a constitution saving throw. 20. Okay. You take 11 points of necrotic damage. Anybody else? You don't know that. You just saw him vanish. Everybody going in? All right. Everyone, make a constitution saving throw, please. 17. 22 points of necrotic damage. 11 points of necrotic damage. 22 points of necrotic damage. 22 points of necrotic damage. 22 points of necrotic damage. 22 points of necrotic damage. So as you leap into the sphere, you feel as if the gravity that holds you to the ground, or sometimes the ceiling, bends around you and your limbs are wrenched forward, like someone has you in a full Nelson that doesn't end. Your body is about to be condensed and crushed, when you feel the symbol pulse, and the gravity lessens somewhat. It's still tearing into you, and you feel this coldness and this numbness come over your body, as you feel like you're a square peg being pushed through a round hole, physically pushed through against your will. You begin to yell out in pain instinctually before it comes to a stop and you all land to your feet, out of breath. The numbness begins to fade to immediate pins and needles, just pain across your entire body. You feel like someone just raked a number of tacks across every surface of your skin and as the pain begins to throb, you can feel the blood pulsing throughout your body as it all shoots to the surface. You still sense that you, thanks to your symbols around your neck, you managed to withstand a much more dangerous arrival. As your eyes focus, you already feel the chilled air that surrounds you, like a cold, cold winter morning. The sky above is sunless and gray, like an overcast horizon without clouds to texture it, breached by distant mountain ranges like so much broken glass. You see behind you immediately the other corresponding siphon, floating, bright gray-white in color and glowing, the same color that you saw briefly shifted to in the ziggurat near Ank'harel. Beneath it, you find shards of ruined objects, piles of long-dead bodies, flesh and bone rended and twisted like they'd been put through some rapid tornado on different sides of their body. And you see a lot of these shattered pieces of wood and metal were all a number of objects that were thrown in here during the experimental phase when you guys first uncovered this. You look around and notice that you stand atop a rectangular platform of dark, smooth stone, about 15 feet on each side. Beneath the edges, about 20 feet down, 'til it comes to the ground. So you're on an elevated stone platform that the siphon is affixed to above, floating about four feet above the top of the surface. And you look down to the ground immediately around you and you see just dry, cracked badlands. It seems to spread out, making up the majority of the Shadowfell around you. Surrounding your location, your sight clarifies to see what appears to be hundreds of buildings and structures that form this shade of an ancient city, like a town, a sprawling village. Half the structures toppled and destroyed, piles of rubble and rock. The ground itself seems to jut up in places, these tiny, shooting spires of black and gray earth that the city has either been built around or seemed to have grown through. As you look past that, you see movement throughout the streets in the distance, but before you can focus on that, your vision immediately sticks towards, in the center of this circular-like city, the standing, ominous, commanding, massive spire of obsidian black, familiar to both of you through two different types of vision you've experienced. A jagged monolith that exudes ancient hatred, encircled by dozens of dark, winged beasts that watch over the dreary skies. Who here is proficient in history? Exactly. The two of you make history checks with disadvantage because you lack proficiency. Yes, you being a bard, you pick up information in passing. With disadvantage, each of you. You have no inclination of where you stand or what's before you. All you know is you stand now on the cold plane of the Shadowfell, the echo of the Prime Material. You do. You're welcome to. Just so you guys know, you are all standing out in the middle of the open, on this large stone platform looking down in the center of this giant city-- There is no ziggurat. There is a large, black spire, but that's in the center of the city maybe two miles off. There are buildings. You see two structures maybe 50 or 60 feet from you on each side, and then going forward, from your current position, it leads right into the city. So this structure is on the outskirts. It's right on the perimeter. Make a perception check. You glance and, in the faint gray sky above you, around the glowing white-gray orb this side of the siphon, you see a very, very faint aura of bluish-purple that is weaving into a thread, a rope almost, various strands that knot and twist to form a cord, a very barely visible cord that just drifts up towards the very top of that tower for miles. And there at the top of the tower, you see a vibrant, sparking, pulsing, purple glow. And from there, you can see two other distant strands that arc off into the very faint other edges across, triangulating around the other sides of the outskirts of this ancient city. You see the faint, glowing white-gray pulse of two other siphons affixed to two other platforms, all these strands converging at the top of the tower. How long does it last? You can. There's a difference between casting a spell and enchanting something. It's a loose enchantment to Bless the ammunition. That takes a while to focus on. They're solid, they're stone buildings, they're homes, though plain and cracked. There are sections of wall missing in places. As you look about the grounds here, and you know this because you've ransacked and been responsible for the ransacking... or the rubble of Westruun. But this city appears to have been, some time long ago, under siege. You see signs of battle, you see impact, you see roofs that were burned and now lie as just black husks. This area has seen warfare long ago and the signs of it are old and it looks like the signs of life that exist in this space, the movement you see of figures in the distance wandering through the streets, there's no immediate threat to this city, but you get the sense just looking out that something big happened here a long time ago. Okay, so you guys have moved down from the platform, and you cast Pass Without a Trace, so I'd like everyone to make a stealth check, please. Adding plus ten to your roll. Okay! So, to stay stealthed, you have to find some place to be stealthy. You're not stealthing out in the middle of nowhere. Where are you going to find-- Okay, you guys dart off to the left. It appears to have once been a two-story structure, but the upper level has since collapsed and part of it is falling into the bottom floor. As you begin to approach the doorway on the inside, Vex'ahlia, you hear what sounds like a faint crunching sound on the inside. There are. There is one window on your side, and the doorway around the corner. You glance inside, and as you peek over the top, in the brief bits of light coming through the shadow in here, you can see the collapsed piles of broken stone and wood planks that used to hold the structure of the upper level together. You can see what looks like furniture that's been destroyed. Simple, basic. This is not an extravagantly decorated space. Built for function, more than anything. But moving amidst the shadow, you see what appears to be a humanoid creature of pale gray skin, elongated limbs, long, clawed fingers. Bald head, pointed, hooked ears, and what looks to be slightly broken, jagged, yellow, elongated teeth in this jaw, as it's currently munching on what looks to be a small furred rodent of some kind. (crunching) It is very undead. What's the radius? Nothing else catches your attention, no. You watch as it finishes and walks toward the doorway. Vex'ahlia, as you're off to the side, you watch as this creature leans forward and goes into a sprint, and then leaps up onto a distant rooftop. (leaping noises) Just leaping from rooftop to rooftop. As you're watching that leap, another movement catches your eye, and you see another one about three blocks down. You can see, there are at least a handful of these creatures stalking through the ruins, leaping from building to building, from floor to floor. A small, furred creature. You didn't get a good look at it. You got a fair look at it. Apparently, so does the creature. There's something you didn't know about otters, Laura. It's hard to tell at this distance. You're so far out of the city. You've only been able to notice a few shapes from this distance. You'd probably have to get in a little closer and spend some time watching their behavior to pick that up. Make a wisdom check. You close your eyes for a second. No. None. Make a perception check. No. Not at all. As you go up the side and step over onto the rubble, you see a large, broken, what was once the floor of the top floor that slid into this giant decline, this slide of rubble, if you will. At the top, you can see what looks to be a broken weapon rack that is empty. No weapons on it, but you get the sense that this small structure was a perimeter tower outpost. Apparently. Not in the structure, no. Nothing at the moment, no. Very briefly. Yeah. You can make something that looks undead-adjacent. All right. What do you guys do? Make a performance check. No. For the next eight hours, not concentration, you can't be surprised. You have advantage on all attack rolls, ability checks, and saving throws, and other creatures have disadvantage on attack rolls against you. All right. All right, so are you stealthing through? You guys scatter just enough to dart between alleys and find shaded bits and leap from base of building to alley, keeping a cohesive unit as best you can. The first thing you notice, the further in you get, even within just the first couple of blocks of the city, you see broken swords, you see pieces of armor, and you see figures walking through the street ahead of you. You see hundreds of scattered skeletons, decomposing bodies shambling through, but they all walk in patterns. They're not scattered, mindless. There is some will or direction to their movements. You see them wearing ornate armor with designs and symbols on them that look old and tarnished and scratched. Some are moving as troops, and occasionally you see an individual wander off, but they're just sort of walking around and scanning. I'm going to have Scanlan, you roll a history check, and Pike, roll a religion check. Yeah, add a d12 to it. Got to get the dust off, man. Okay. You, looking over there, a lot of the armor that these skeletons are wearing, it doesn't fit with the Shadowfell. The silvers, the golds, the tattered blue cloaks, there's something regal about some of these armor sets, as old and ancient as they may be. It doesn't seem to match the sense and feel of the Shadowfell. While you're having this thought, Pike, you glance over and look at one of these pieces of armor and you recognize the symbol, it's like a stained-glass circle with a gold star in the center. It's the symbol of Pelor. Many of these bodies, these undead wandering the city, seem to have been soldiers that fell in whatever battle that once besieged this city, and many bear the mark of Pelor. That was, but that was on the Prime Material, and that was in the vicinity of the Alabaster Sierras. No. None of the buildings, the structures, resemble Whitestone. No. Not really. Yeah, yeah, lot of Ikea. No, but you do get the sense-- some of the architecture here does resemble elements of some architecture designs that remind you of Wildemount. But, like, old Wildemount. Like, no modern structures, definitely from centuries back. As you continue to wander and keep your eyes out, you occasionally hear the distant (creature shrieking). You watch as the (wings flapping) winged, dark beasts are circling overhead. No, not yet. You have not seen anything like these before. Black as night against the gray sky. From this distance, you make out no details in their bodies. It's almost like a moving shadow above you. Wherever light would hit to give you some sense of structure, it's just absence, void. It's just a flying shadow. Possibly. Make a perception check. 12. I mean, there are some buildings that look like they have some structure, and the further into the city you get, the more you see that this becomes a little less destroyed. But you begin to see some figures moving that are not armored undead, not zombies, and not any of these quick-moving creatures. You see three figures walking back towards the orb where you guys came from in the same black cult robes, hoods off. They would appear to be human. But they're cultists. They're just walking through. They're about 100 feet up. A little further than that. Coming your way towards the sphere where you guys were. Three of them. Okay. So what do you guys do? Okay, so the two twins follow and the rest of you duck into a building off to the side? Okay. You guys, I need you both individually to roll stealth as you tail behind them. The cultists are basically walking past you guys, going the opposite direction of where you were traveling, and both the twins just vanish from sight. You're like, "Well what if-- Gone again." You guys pace behind them, jumping from alley to alley. Occasionally they'll stop and do a walk over. There's not a sense of paranoia, but they're very watchful. Their attire, while still cult robes, is a little more intricately adorned, and you see the one in the front is carrying a hanging lantern that gives off this weird smoke behind it, like a censer. Yeah. But it gives off this faint glow, and they walk and make their way slowly outside of the city towards the pillar where the orb is. And they just look around it, walk over to the few buildings to the side, divide a little bit to a perimeter, reconvene at the base of the orb, and begin making their way back to the center of the city. All right. The three of them walk back, leaving a small censer trail behind. The smoke, the almost incense-like smoke, burns off within a few feet after. They eventually cross right next to the doorway and window to where the rest of you are waiting. Both of you guys roll for an attack. Are you aiming at two different ones? Same one? It's an automatic crit if you hit, and you have advantage on the hit because they don't see you. But still, it's nice. 26. Both hit. Go ahead and roll damage, both of you, doubling your weapon die damage and your sneak attack. Three of them, yes... You also double the bramble shot damage because it's a crit. 85 damage. Rogues, man. It's what they do. As the three of them walk, the two on the outside both, at the same time, (impacts), crumple. No noise, just fall to their knees, face down on the ground, unmoving. The one in the center that's holding the censer turns and looks back and sees-- That is a 16. Fail. That's right, because 21. So as soon as he turns around, out of one of the cracks in the stonework nearby, you can see some dry, grass-like gray brush. There is what appears to be some faint hints of local plant life, but it all looks like gray, dry grass. Or, you know after a morning freeze, when you see elements of a field that have that weird, textured, almost water plant look to it? It's clusters of that, but curled. And one of those whips out with this one, long, grayish, almost fleshy-looking vine that wraps around it and yanks it inside the house. (grunt) Gets yanked in. Grog, you catch him. Go ahead and make an athletics check, Grog. He struggles against your grasp, and it's nothing. It's like holding a baby in your arms. Okay. What does he have to save on that? Okay, make a ranged attack roll. d20 plus your dexterity. You have advantage because he's currently restrained by Grog. Okay, so as you chuck it the three feet, it impacts, and you watch as the orb swells and expands, and all of these chain-like plates of dark, reddish iron metal wrap around him, constraining his hands, his legs, and locking him into place around his jaw and his head and his mouth. It has a little slit that you can remove to the side. All good magical items do, Liam. That's what you call an artifact. Okay. You guys both attacked. First make a stealth check, because you both exposed yourselves with the attack, and there are creatures overhead shrieking. Okay. You watch as one swoops nearby, and you hear the (shrieking), and you guys dart by. Doesn't seem to take notice. You drop back into the building, and there you see your quarry now bolted to himself through a series of dark iron metal plates. He does not have both eyes. Left eye is missing. You see him now. This is a man in his mid-40s, salt and pepper hair, seems to be an unkempt beard around his chin. Hair is maybe about ear-length, a little tattered now since he's been roughed up and manhandled a bit. His skin's a bit yellowed, a little jaundiced. You get the sense he's probably been living here for quite some time, and he doesn't look healthy. The smell is awful. It's hard to differentiate from the general smell of decay and dust that this entire realm seems to be suffused with, but the smoke that billows off of this is like fresh putrescence, mixed with a very, very strong charcoal. Roll an intimidation check. You unlock, and he just goes (laughs) "I don't have to tell you anything." "This pain is meager. I've felt far worse. I've given myself far worse. "Pry and poke all you want." He doesn't flinch. "I'll just pluck it right back out." "Do your worst." "Maybe. The fact that you're already here means that you have no way out, so I fear not. "Even if I perish, I die with the comfort of knowing that you'll perish soon after. That is the "comfort in the Whispered One." "So you knowingly came here. You are both foolish and simple." "So you said you have questions." "The sentinels." "That is what they are for us, but they are known more formally as Gloom Stalkers." "They are hungry. Ever hungry." "You will." "It does not matter. The past means nothing when you give up your secrets." He shakes his head. "You will get no information from me." You see the gaping socket, and as he goes to blink one eye, you can see the marking on the inside, it looks like it was burned out, so you watch the outer edge of the flesh and muscle twitch whenever he blinks. That is... That's an 11. All right. His grin glazes over and he goes... "But of course." "I am from the outskirts of a far eastern Wildemount village named Zuvan. It was built on the "ruins of Orthanus. I was a poor man, but I found purpose." "I don't know. I was taken with many others who had given themselves to the secrets of the "Undying King. I awoke here, mauled but living, and was inducted, and that was when he took my eye." "He. One of the acolytes." "I do not know. They shriek, they eat, they watch. I do not mess with such terrible and "wonderful instruments." "It protects those of us who are not as esteemed in the arts of necromancy to not be "bothered by the roving, long-dead soldiers of the last war on Thar Amphala." Thar Amphala. Thar Amphala, the city built for the Whispered One, long ago. He just looks at you strangely. "It's where his essence has slowly reclaimed the space. He will live soon." "I have not seen her, but if she is not out, then perhaps the ritual is soon. She is probably "at the top of Entropis." "Yes." "I do not know the specifics. I am but a watcher on the outside of Thar Amphala." "I have not gone in since I gave my eye." "We are the Remnants." "I am to watch the outskirts of the city. I am to escort those who would bring various things "in preparation for the ritual." "The ritual is to restore him. To bring him, so that he can complete the main purpose. The "ritual of seeding." "When he, the Undying King, returns to this world, and we bring what we have gained, what we "have brought from the other plane, that seed will be taken to the ritual of the space." "I do not understand the details, but for many months now, these siphons, they have been "building the seed. They have been preparing for his return. And from there, he will complete what "he started so long ago." "Soon. Things accelerate." "That would be you, my friend." I'm checking the spell just to be sure. Yeah. So by about now, after these questions have come through, his one eye blinks, and he goes, (grunt), "It matters not. He already knows you're here." Do you? Roll a strength check. (shriek of pain) There is a smear of crimson down his face as the other eye has just been turned to paste. (mechanical clicking) It all unfolds and returns into the sphere. "Do your worst." With a sickening snap, you can hear as the spinal column is severed at the base of the neck, and he goes limp in Grog's grasp. Actually, he has almost nothing on him but the censer. He has-- Actually, no, he would not have one of the necklaces. Because he does not... He has a symbol, a similar symbol, but it's much smaller, more just a basic holy symbol of some kind. Same shape, but it doesn't have the same thick iron presentation as the ones that you guys encountered. Yes, and that is the same symbol. Make an investigation check. Okay. You do find some furniture. Most of it's very basic, tables, maybe a couple chairs, a couple of cots that are mainly wood boards with a thin cushion on it. The existence here was not to be-- It's a very plain city of worship. You can see everything was built here to gather worshipers, to gather the Remnants, or whatever they were called before, the last time that Vecna fell and the city was assaulted. It's on par with. So now, still under the guise of various undead, holding a wandering burning censer procured from the now-dead, eye-popped corpse of a wandering cultist, you slowly make your way deeper into the city of Thar Amphala, towards the tower of Entropis, where seemingly the cult of the Remnant are attempting to bring Vecna back to physical form for an even greater ritual thereafter. And that's where we'll finish tonight's episode. We'll return next week to pick up from there, guys. So happy. I know! I get to touch people's hands! I know, we're such huge nerds. This feels so much like the home game, it makes me happy. Next week, pajamas and mimosas. What better way to celebrate a Vecna arc in the Shadowfell? So guys, thank you so much. We're back next week. I want to give another big thank you to the amazing crew and people here at Legendary/Geek and Sundry that have been working almost around the clock to make this set work, to make this table work, to make the equipment work, the lighting, the audio. We've taken all of your suggestions, we've reached out to the community, to try and make this as best and as comfortable as possible for us and you guys. I know it's a work in progress, and you'll watch things improve as we go, as we learn and figure things out, so thank you for your patience. But seriously, if you get the opportunity, show some appreciation for the people who've been working really hard to try and improve this experience for everyone involved. Thank you guys, you're all so amazing. (cheers)