Hi! I mean, the big news is that today, available, we have the art book! Show them one page? I will provide clearance right now. For one page! It's on sale today, come on! I'll take the heat for it. Yeah, so that's up. I heard there was a bit of an issue earlier today? A kerfuffle with international shipping? But that has since been fixed. And for people who've already paid, I believe we're getting that fixed. Most today, and some tomorrow. No flesh! They're a little broken, but they work fine for the image. We did get married. That's a thing. No, I cannot-- Yes, not this Saturday, but the Saturday after that. November 18th, I think? Yes. We're doing the Force Grey finale for season two in New York. Tickets are available. You can go to the official Dungeons & Dragons Twitter, or my Twitter, for information. With fantastic guests like Deborah Ann Woll, Joe Manganiello, which you've seen here on the show, Dylan and Utkarsh are going to be back from the series, and we have our fifth player to announce! Next few weeks, issue three is going to be out. An upcoming Hearthstone expansion. Kobolds and Catacombs, which references another cool game that sometimes people play. No, yeah, of course. But yeah, they had me sing the announcement trailer, which you can check out online and poke fun at me being a silly voice-in-the-void minstrel bard about making your way through catacombs filled with kobolds. So check it out. Yeah, I didn't know they were announcing it at BlizzCon. It was just like, oh, on the opening ceremonies screen. We were driving at the time. I was like, "What is going--?! Oh." Blizzard can afford it. H-O-W-I-T-T. I don't know, you've only seen it every week for the past two and a half years! Any rules to go over? I figured, that way we can go right into the narrative. I'm trying to help! It's her first time-- I'll shut up. You get more frustrated from jumping off a cliff. You become more bear-like. Cliffs can't kill bears. No, they don't. That's why he has to keep telling us to fight them. Nope. Well no, it's my plan to die in the first half of the show. (sad bear growl) Where am I at, right now? So looking down at the city from a distance? Okay. Hey, you. What's your name? All right, you seem a little fish out of water. They call me Trinket. I am a member of Vox Machina, saviors of this land, Tal'Dorei, and beyond. You show me some respect. Who are you untrustworthy lot, too, to be with this guy? You guys are all hanging out here at the edge of the Bramblewood for no reason? You may have heard right. All right. Three new bears. Three large-sized, normal bears. I look around, and I only see the three bears. I look out. Do I still see Vex, or is she far enough away? I was going to say, first and foremost, like I said, my name's Trinket. I'm an adventurer. I've been through dungeons of all sorts and kinds. Used to scaring things off that are dangerous, in my way. I have no idea what the hell you're all capable of. You, panda bear. Peddy. Tell me. If we're going to go into this city and we're going to reap the rewards of this honey festival contest, and I know where it is, what do you have to bring to the table, anyway? As a fellow bear who has immediately stared at my junk, I feel it is only right and fair that I accept your challenge. (collision sounds) No, I don't. I have a four. All right, we need some muscle. You've proven yourself worthy. Do I move a point for failing the roll? So, we got muscle. What do you two brothers got at the table? Do we write our roles down on our sheet? So it looks like we got a nice selection of abilities, here. So let me tell you what I have to offer. One, I know where the honey is. Two, I know the people probably around it. Three-- Let me tell you. I've learned a few tricks from the two that raised me, so that honey's going to be as good as ours. All them banners you see out there beyond the walls? This is a goddamned celebration. There's a contest in there. My ears picked it up. In the middle of that contest area, I can smell it, there's all the honey we could ever hope for. Possibly even some bamboo. Keep your eyes open. Now all we have to do is get inside, so, if you're the brains, what do you suggest? I'm going to immediately go I think you're onto something! Cookie, Waffle, Liam Las Vegas, Peddy Bear, let's go get us some hats. Okay. Do we want to try and quickly and quietly make our way up behind? Mr. Las Vegas, surprise us. We'll call you Vegas. You're Vegas. I'm just going to say, be careful about too much mayhem. We don't want people to suspect there's bears running wild around the city. They might shut down the festival. Then the honey is-- So if you're going to do a scare, do it and get out. A one and a two! As they're approaching him, I'm talking to Peddy. There's not a whole lot of space in the necklace, it's pretty cramped. At least I have a pretty good view; it's like a tiny television. They're here! All right. How'd it go? LIAM and You got hats and you smell like shit. Taliesin, do you want a fez and another hat then? That's a Willy Wonka hat! So you can put three hats on?! A fowler. This is worth the price of admission, right here. Hey Vegas. Good job. With these hats, there's no way anybody in the town of Westruun would think that we're bears. Haven't we all? What you got, Cookie? That's right, we've got some honey to get to. Come on, guys. Stand up on our hind legs as vertical as we can. It's going, yeah! I hear it. Peddy, people don't eat spoons off the floor. We're people. Just grab them, hold them, and we'll find a corner for you to have a feast. I can't pinpoint the source of the honey. Any of you boys? Nobody is eating the gnome! She will destroy you, trust me. Sure, we'll go with that. That one we could go towards. I'm going to approach and tell the other guys to come along. It's all right, just suck on your spoon. As I approach Reginald's daughter-- I approach with my big bear arms at the side, my cloak over my armor and my delightful cap. Get close to the honey and (sniff). (bear voice) Thank you. I took a bite of it, a little bit. I take the rest of it and hold it out and say One of you bears, please, find the source of this goddamn honey. Oh no. How many people are in the audience? Oh no! First and foremost, considering the utility of that honey, I'm going to take a sample and pack it under my bear pit for later. (bear voice) Thank you! Nobody jostle any of these townsfolk too hard. They're probably a little sensitive at the moment. You'll see. We don't want that honey, we have enough there. The prize honey is what that little one had earlier. Or (squishing) where this came from. I didn't think about my hat at the time. I don't have pockets. I'm storing it in my bear pit. All right, lead us on. As he's putting it in his mouth, I grab the edge. Are you sure about this? More or less. Listen! You guys. We have to get those fire dancers out of here or get the rest of these villagers out of the center here or we're all dead. That honey you got right there, that touches any of that boom boom fire stick, we all go boom. I got a plan. Do you have a direction where the honey's from that I gave you earlier? Please, for the love of god. You guys start heading that way. I'll catch up to you in a minute, I know where the Sun Kissed Tavern is. I'm going to try to save some lives. As the townsfolk are gathering around this fire troupe, I'm going to try to step between the threshold of where the various honey-eating folk and the fire spinners are. Step into that central area. I don't know where she is, so we'll find out. As they begin to encroach, I shake my head for a second, pull my hat and cloak off, and (roar) towards all of the townsfolk, away from the fire dancers. Attempting to use my terrify special skill. Two and a three! I turn around to the fire dancers. (growling) I throw the cloak back over my shoulder, take one of the fire sticks. Bidet! And start heading in the direction of the Sun Kissed Tavern. Do I have to move a point anywhere for that? I'm holding the flame stick with me now. I get as low as I can. Don't worry about it. We need to get to the tavern. I look down and see the fez in the cart and I hold the fire rod away. SAM and Safety tip this doesn't touch that. I point again and say, this also doesn't touch that. Remember that chicken? Don't worry about it. Sun Kissed Tavern. Keep leading us on with that beautiful nose of yours. Shit. Maybe it's got pictures. Here's my question. How much like bamboo do those sticks look? I lean over to Peddy and say Disarm them. As she rears towards me, I get down and be as imposing a grizzly figure as I can, and give a very focused, centered roar right in her direction. (roars) Yeah, with a two. I only have two bear right now. Take your wounded boy, and don't cross a bear in a hat ever again. Do we also move a point into bear? For using a special skill. That's right. That's not good. As she turns away, I take a quick glance to look at the back of her shoulderblades to see if I notice any familiar branding. I turn to Peddy and say wait, I know these cows. We've talked to these cows. These cows are assholes. Finish them off. Okay, I thought it was a stick. That's on me. Does it involve honey? I'm starting to get real twitchy. More or less, yeah. Looking as how I'm five points into criminal right now, I start nodding slowly, and go all right, I hear what you're saying. You all seem to be a fairly functional lot. We'll see how this-- most of you seem like a functional lot. Let's see how this goes down. When all's said and done and we've enjoyed our just desserts, you might be onto something. That's worth the risk. I've got to keep my eyes focused. My brain right now is caught up with the ideas of all the various other heists we could throw, and I've been a good person so far, a good bear, in my life. I can't deter too far from that path. I'll be right back. And I rush up to try and grab one of the canisters and bring it back. I make it. I'm jamming it into my mouth directly. I come back and put it into the Radio Flyer. Dip your spoon in it. Try it. Focus! We've got honey hiding somewhere right now. I don't want you buffoons ruining our chance. They know there's bears around now, and I bought us a little bit of time, but we've got to hurry it up. All right. You've got the nose, you've got the brains. I go to get the fire staff from the ground, pull it back, pull my cloak back up. Oh, you have advantage because it's carnage. I just sit back and watch with Peddy, smoking the cigarette that Waffle gave me. No! Right. Point of order. No one flick cigarettes. Especially if there are kids with it smeared in their hair. I'm so sorry. Which, the kid sees a giant hat-wearing Trinket going (bear sounds). I hold the torch away. (grunts) Kid, wash your hair! I think we can with the right muscle. How many more servings of honey do we have in the cart? Is it a half a jar per serving? All right, don't eat the hat honey. We only got three proper servings left so we have to be sparing. We drink to your honor. I'm so excited. Forgot to mention One Night Only on Saturday. We're doing GM Tips. Me and Satine are hosting a GM Tips One Night Only, this Saturday at 8PM, I believe. They have to slam their way out of there. It's the only way to do it. So? Taking inventory here. Three sources of honey, an explosive honey hat. And a fire staff and a tree stick. Not a bad haul. I'm thinking about it, but still. You've proved to me that you're useful, and you've proved to me that you're partner material. Come on, brains. Lead us to this tavern. Follow your brother there. See if you can get us inside this security door. Yeah, it's Westruun. It smells like piss everywhere. I can't read, but it looks like an inn. Sun's out. Feeling pretty kissy. Actually, he's pretty much already almost killed one creature, but I get what your point is. It's a valid point. I wipe the huff coloring off the sides of Waffle's face. Careful. It ruins your brain. What's your idea? Tell you what. If everything goes ass to sky, that'll be our backup to cover our tracks, but we can't start with that. Hold onto it. It's not a bad idea. Exactly! Can we see, possibly, a stairway or entrance door to an upper level? Let's get in the alley. Success. Three out of five, maybe? It's an iron door on a building made of wood and plaster? What's the rest of the building construct? All right, and that door's slightly ajar. Who wants to take a look at that door? I don't know. He's the brains. You killed a cow back there. That's why you're the brains. All right, Cookie's got it. Are we all in on this? Cart stays here. I loudly whisper are you in place? That's a good idea. Shut it! Are you in place? Up there? Yes? Go on. The codeword is... dollars. How about that? I don't know. Figure it out. I don't know. All right. (thudding) Anything? (thudding) I begin to move a little bit off to the side of the door where it'll be opening, so only part of me is visible. I keep knocking. Have you heard of our lord and savior of latter-day Allhammer? Make some dollars. Make some dollars. Make some dollars! Dollars! Dollars! Carnal advantage? That's a different skill. Okay, if this is happening, I turn to Cookie and say Hold him down. He's got a kid; we can't kill him. Yeah, the kid that gave us the information. I'm the only hero here, apparently. Apparently, yeah. I'm going to pull him off of Buford, as he's slammed Las Vegas into the wall. I'm going to pull Vegas off while I slam him into the wall and get my bear snout right into his face and give him an intimidating growl to get him to stop thrashing. I succeed, with a one. I look at him, and I point with a bear claw and go, (grunts). And I take some of the honey from my bearpit and go, (grunts). Where? Where? I wipe the honey back in my bear pit and pull him off to where the door is, where it's open, make sure that all of us are inside-- Do you want to grab the barrel and bring it in? Okay, so as soon as we get our last honey jar, the de Rolo Roller in, I shove him back out and close the metal door, and then try and find a way to lock it. (laughs) Is there any sort of locking mechanism or a barricade? Peddy, knock him out. I open the door. Is it honey mead? I know, but I'm a bear, so I have to clarify. Can I take one of the bottles and drink it? (gulping) (slurred) It's fine. We're good! Oh, you haven't been around the right people and enough mead. In this room? I'm so drunk and your cousin. I'm a cousin who's drunk. Waffle. Waffle! (laughs) Hey, Peddy? Which one of these rooms has the tree outside of it? All right, we'll follow Vegas. Lead us to the tree. We'll climb down and go around to the inside of the tavern. Hey, Peddy? Take him out. A giant tanuki flash. It is. Boom. Good job, Peddy! All right, everyone. Down the tree. Come on. Make sure you don't leave it behind. Might be handy. A valid point. The body of the guy who's unconscious that he just crushed. I pick up the body and look for the window of the balcony we were just jumping down from and try and ragdoll him up into it. (laughing) Arms and legs out. That was a six. Close enough. (laughter) It's fine. Sweet dreams. Goes back to catch up with them in the tavern. You, with the strange crazy eyes. Do you have any idea where the cellar is here in the inn? While you're both probably on par intellectually, I don't know if that's going to end as-- Is he right in front of the door to the pantry? We're going to keep this as plan C. Plan Brains? No, I like the guy a lot, actually, but he might like destroying you too much. We've got to sneak past. Stay nice and quiet-like. Small guy can probably get by fine when he catches up, but we've got to quietly make our way. I pull out a palm-full of pit honey that's been smeared into my matted fur. I've got this. All right, my turn. I focus really hard on the broken honey-- That's good. (straining) Okay. We haven't walked past Grog yet, but you know what? Our conversation hasn't woken him up yet, and the breaking glass didn't wake him up. Let's just walk through the room. He's pretty drunk. All right, let's do that. Because I'm a thief, could I consider that as a skill? Can I use my thief role to be stealthy? (singing) Super fail, super fail. No, it just adjusts your skill points. You still fail the roll. What, are you having a problem again trying to get into a place with a lock? Like I said, the lady who raised me, she's pretty good at picking this stuff, too. In fact-- and I reach over and grab one of the little side bags they usually tie to me to carry stuff, and I pull out one of the lockpicks that Vex keeps stored on my side as a backup. And with my dexterous thief Trinket giant bear paws, try and maneuver these tiny little-- It's like trying to hold a cup with boxing gloves on. (grunts) Yes! What did I tell you? Mommy taught me good. Wait, what? I go over. Do these still look functional? Do I recognize this? (moans) The only reason was because of that ring. You look good, Tova. Snazzy. It's a celebration in the city. We're celebrating. Hey! I mean, that's absurd. I'm offended, personally. Do you want a cut? I barely know you. We flirted in battle once, and then you went away. All right, Beary Sanders. That honey is for us and us alone. We've earned that, okay? I don't want bears that haven't earned it getting a piece of what we've made. Can you give us a minute to talk amongst ourselves, privately? All right. Bears, huddle up. All right, what are our thoughts on this. Do we want to share with her? We put all the work in. It's not a lot of honey. We barely found that off your-- That'll last a meal. I don't think she understands how hungry we are. That one only eats bamboo. I could always say, there's five of us and one of her. If she helps us make our way in there-- Trust me, I've seen a lot of battles, and I haven't fallen in a single one. (laughter) Not harm, just knock unconscious and tie up, like you've done to every other thing we've come across. Oh god, no. Unless they're evil or an asshole or hurt my mom. Are we agreed? Move forward as the squad, tag her along, and then when all's said and done, leave her behind with a bit of honey, and we move away with the lion's share. All right, break! Tova, you've got yourself a deal. Do I look like an honest bear? All right. Does this look like the kind of thing that a thief-trained bear who has seen thieves do their work would have an inkling of how to disable it? The internet will barrage us with them when we're done. I go back into the bag of thieves' tools left over from Vex and pull out what I think might work. I take a look at the mechanisms for the trip wire. Two and a one. I turn around with a big goofy smile. Anyone have anything else they could help me with on this? Don't hack! You're going to be hacking an actual tripwire. All right, I'll try for the third one. Get behind me. If anything goes bad, tell Vex I love her. Three. I turn around and look at the group with a terrible happy-bear smile. What happens with the tripwires? Wait, remember that piece of paper that we got from that guy earlier? Sure. I can't read. Tova? She's a partner in this. She's getting an equal-- she's getting all the share we promised her. All right, should I read this out loud? Via Tova reading this to me. Here, you guys should do this. You're the brains. 'Green, pink, orange, and yellow. Not every fish is a friendly fellow. Green is mean and pink 'stinks. Yellow is mellow, but orange is-- orange is-- screw it. That Hazel Festival committeewoman 'can go to hell. I'm not a fucking riddle writer. Here's the code orange is the best color, so put 'one orange fish in each basket, except for two in the pink. Heh, that one was my idea.' (laughter) 'Then the stupid, expensive door should open. Don't know why we're spending this much to lock up 'a few jars of honey, anyway. Signed, Buford T. Justice, head of security.' An orange in each, except for two in the pink. Taliesin, I think you should only get them if you have the bear hands on. An orange in each basket. Oh god. One more orange for the pink. Is that all we need? Las Vegas, you can do this! In the pink! It might have been Amelia. The writing isn't very good. The name begins with an A and then scribbles. How are those sconces looking? What's in them? Is it magical light? Do any of them look viably close to dropping embers? Code Sad Bear! We've got to move now. I turn around to her. Tova, all this gray honey shit is explosive. I know! He's crazy. The more you try and question his motives, the more he makes you more like him. Keep going. I immediately take the fire staff I've been carrying and throw it as far as I can down the opposite hallway, away from this room. Actually, while this is happening, I reach over and go Hey, Cookie. If I buy you a new hat, could I borrow yours? I'm going to take the top hat and place it just over the heavy collection of Victor's honey beneath where the sconce is. All right, moving honey as fast as we can into the cart. I immediately glance around. They came through the ceiling; are there any of the sconces that look close to being-- We can't-- and I point to the ninja bears coming our way and the ones that just entered-- Handle it! And I go for the swinging sconce board to see if I can clap it out with my bear paws and put out the flame. Nope! Knowing that upstairs is Grog, two people that we've knocked out, another drunk guy who's passed out in the bar, and god knows who's nearby, and the amount of Victor honey that's in here, I'm focusing on trying to put the fires out. Yeah. I'm one of the few that hasn't peed, so I probably have a full tank. My paws are scalded from patting the flames out. I lean back and try and get as much of an arc as I can. That's a bear thing. Performance anxiety! Trinket apparently is pee shy. Sorry! I have a question. The trails of honey, are they heading towards the large-- As Tova comes back and slams into Cookie, I spin around, now that I see this is my fault, and I push the back of Cookie to shove both of them back through the front doorway. I'm going to try to use whatever bear strength I have to shove them forward. Success. I close my eyes and in the back of my head, go I hope you're within about a hundred feet of me, wherever you are, Vex. Am I conscious? Which means she's not within a hundred feet of me, for the love of god. Are the ninjas still around? Confused bear. What's going on? As a thank you to Peddy as I get up, I grab Peddy by the shoulders and push Peddy up onto the cart with everybody else. No. I look up and say My family's here. A life of crime's not for me. You go on ahead. You've earned it. I do, constantly. (moans) I fall on the ground and go belly-up and go, (piteous moaning). Trinket wouldn't leave. Thank you so much for running that. Thank you, Marisha. If you're looking for extra content like that, he offers that on his Patreon. You can find that theme on iTunes for download.