And welcome back to our second half of our Shadow of War game, brought to you and sponsored by WB Games. Thank you so much for letting this happen. All of us are all voice actors in the game, in case you didn't check out the intro to the first half. We're excited to bring these orcish characters of this one-shot together. If you haven't seen the first half, you should probably go back and watch that first. Otherwise, you'll be really confused. Yeah! Fine! But yeah, Shadow of War comes out October 10th, looking forward to that. The Shadow of War iOS and Android game is out now, so check it out. Anyway, bringing us back in. As the Forcs-- TRAVIS and As the Forcs have taken their break to rest themselves for a moment, to assess what to do next, you are now standing on the opposite edge of one of the Mithrim Spur Mountains, just past the crest. As you traveled down, you found hidden in this alcove, six uruks, five of which are currently sleeping and bundled, and one who's keeping watch with a burning torch. Nope. The minute you hear the (cracking) sound, you hear this faint (grunt) sound over the cliff. As you glance over, you see the one with the torch is now like-- About 25 feet from you, 30 feet, down below. He's now walking toward one of them to start-- Make a performance check. Sure. How-- what are you going to do? Because it's a two-headed owl? No. Sorry. What'd you roll? (laughing) So it's a (gurgling). LAURA and The uruk keeping guard immediately goes, "What the shrak?" Goes and starts shaking one of them awake. Okay. He doesn't currently see you, necessarily. Roll a stealth check. Does not seem to see you, so roll advantage on the attack. So go ahead and roll the dice. Well, roll your sneak attack damage too, because that all gets doubled as well. Well, you don't add the modifier to it yet. Double dice. So 22 times two? As he's shaking one of the uruk, he's like, "Hey, get up! Oof!" (gurgling) The one uruk's like, "What the shit? "I was sleeping!" The other one's like, (gurgling) and falls onto his back, dead. He's like, "Huh?" The other one's getting up. He's leaning forward now, inspecting the one who was there keeping watch. You could appear right behind him if you wanted to. All right, so, as you're doing this, you slip into the shadows and quickly dart through the shadow, appearing behind the one who's waking up. He's like, "What in the--?" What are you going to do? Make a grapple check. So go ahead and roll athletics. All right, so, as it's sitting up from its weird, tattered bedroll, you whisper in its ear, "I speak for Sauron." Grab the back of its head. Go ahead and roll an attack to try and bite into its throat. 13? Roll damage. Okay. Seven points. All right. As you pull the head back and bite into the throat, it's like (gurgling and gasping). You tear a chunk out of its throat, but it's making all these gurgling noises. All the other uruks start rousing. So what do you want to do? Go for it. 13, all right. Go ahead and roll damage. Second time. All right, as you go, (growling) Still alive. Bite down again and pull out another piece. You're taking chunks out of this orc's throat but it's still alive. It's like (yelling), reaching up and grabbing at you now, and it's got the back of your head and is trying to pull you onto the ground. All the other ones are rousing and grabbing their weapons. They're in an alcove, like a little cliffside platform at the side of the mountain. There's a mountain wall and then an outcropping, and they're on the outcropping. It's hidden, recessed. Below you. If you want to try. It's about 25 feet down below. So you pull out a small pouch-- All righty. So-- All right, roll 5d8. 32. So two of the uruk that are getting up out of bed are like, (grunt) reach for their weapons, and are like (grunting, then snoring), and fall immediately back to sleep. The other three, however, are still rousing up from their slumber. Yeah. At this point, combat is definitely engaged. I need you all to roll initiative. Well, no, because it affects creatures with the lower hit dice, and you actually have a higher hit point value than most of them there. So you weren't affected. All right. Seven, all righty. All righty. All righty. So Skak, you're up first. You just threw the sleep powder into the air. You watch as they get to their feet and begin to pull their weapons out. It looks like the fray is on. You're at the top of the combat round. What do you want to do? Okay, go for it. Yeah, the guy with the throat is the only one that you have sneak attack on. 15 hits. All right. That's up to you. They're about 25 feet down below on this cliff. Okay, stay up on your perch. Got you. You still have a bonus action if you wanted to hide. All right, there you go. So Skak is up in the open. Mozuu, you're up. The uruk, so go ahead for the attack. Five. You go to bite and this time it's reached over and it's grabbed a blade and a dagger. It jams the pommel up into your mouth and it hits the roof of your mouth. (gagging) You're now being partially choked by its blade, by the hilt of its blade. So your first strike does not hit it. You want to try a second time? You have the pommel and hilt jammed up into your jaw and it's trying to keep you at bay. Not at the moment, but you could bite down if you wanted. Seven. You try and bite down on it. Actually breaks a tooth on the inside and you're like, "Ugh!" You feel the pain sting through your jaw. This is a stronger uruk than you expected and it's currently putting up quite a fight. So that ends your turn, Mozuu? All right. Arby and this group are all going at the same time. So what are you doing, Arby? Okay. So as you leap, make an acrobatics check. 25 feet, yeah. Mozuu, make a dexterity saving throw. Okay. So you suffer seven points of bludgeoning damage as you fall from the cliffside above. As you fall, you land like a large cannonball, right in the space where Mozuu was. Mozuu, at the last minute, mouth filled with gore and dagger, looks up and sees the shadow encroaching. Kicks away just as you (impact). You land right on the guy he had. So you slam the maul into the ground, because you don't know where he is. You look around for a moment to look down and realize that your feet are six inches deep into the torso of this once-living orc that has been splattered on the ledge. All right. All right, go for it. 24 hits. 15? All right. That'll destroy him. All right, so. So it was seven from that one to, okay. As you land and crush him, you swing wide with your giant maul and it hits one and pins it against the wall. It hits it and slams against the wall. You watch it splatter across the side, destroyed. All right, that'll end your turn, Arby? As that's happening, the orcs are getting up and grabbing their weapons. There are the two still sleeping. As all this is happening, they're (snoring) in the middle of their bedroll. These two other ones that are wounded are going to stand up. They're both going to go after you since you're the one who just arrived aggressively. The first one's going to swing at you. That's a ten. The side of their battleaxe, clang! Against your armor, no effect. A natural 20! One on a d10, so that's two plus-- You take five points of slashing damage from its critical hit. You deflect it with a chuckle, your giant olog-hai physical self able to withstand such paltry blows. You're called Unstoppable for a reason. All right, so. That ends the orc's turn there, the one you crushed there, the one that's sleeping. Yeah, they don't get a saving throw until they get hit or the spell ends. Fun. All right. There's a third orc right now that's backing away. Hands up, full belly shown, like (heavy breathing). "No, no no!" Eden, your turn. Roll an acrobatics check, please. 15, all right. You land on it without issue and you actually reduce the damage from the impact to two. You only take two points of bludgeoning damage from the fall as you land on top of it. Go ahead and roll a d4. Add your strength modifier. Oh god, which one is it? Four, so. You land and it slams onto the ground. We'll see if it manages-- Nope! It's knocked prone. So it falls onto the ground. You're on top of it currently. Felt a bone snap somewhere in its ribcage, the back of its shoulder blade. It's currently pinned onto the ground underneath you. All right, go ahead and roll some attacks. It is considered prone, so you have advantage on your attacks against it. Oh, shit! Okay, so roll your first attack damage. Okay, so the first hit, as you jam down, you go to stir it. You hit right at the base of the skull and the neck breaks immediately. But you feel like you still have to go through the motion so you still stir inside, even though it's not living. The body's limp and being pushed around in a circle. You're like, (yelling in disgust). (yelling) About like that. So that's your first strike. Yes. He's very dead. There are two sleeping and there is one that was first struck by you with your crossbow, that was wounded, but it's still standing and its blade's out. You do. Okay, what's your movement? Actually, yes. You would have enough, because you are quicker than the other. So you have enough speed to get right up to him. Go ahead and make your second attack. No. Yep. This one sees you crush his friend and stir him up a bit, and prepares itself. As you rush toward, darts out of the way and dodge-rolls beyond your attack. No effect. All right, so, that ends Eden's turn. Skak, you're up first. Go for it. He is, yes. Yeah, between the damage he already took-- This one, the arrow strikes right in the abdomen. It clutches it, gets the axe up to its side, and you see it, with its final bit of strength, trying to strike a blow toward your olog friend over there, but crumples to the ground and bleeds out from its abdomen. Okay, make an attack with advantage. It's an auto-crit because it is incapacitated. No, it is a crit. It's an auto-crit because it's right there. Actually, you wouldn't even have to roll because, when it's incapacitated. No, attack rolls have advantage, you're right. And within five feet, it's a critical hit. So yeah, you did hit and you have a crit. (snoring) (impact) Scattered. Gallagher performance. All of you are like (splatter). The one sleeping now has this section of hand that slopped onto its head. Pulls it in, cuddles with the disembodied orc arm. Make an acrobatics check. All right, so, as you leap off and watch one of three taut points on it vanish, you flap your arms really fast to try and maneuver through the air. You manage to hit some tension on their side and roll off. You only suffer three points of bludgeoning damage as you roll on the ground. As you land, I want you to roll a constitution saving throw. All right, so, as you roll and land, the sleeping powder seems to have worn off. The one that's on the ground, clutching and sucking on the thumb of the disembodied uruk arm goes, (sniffing and grunting) (confused noises) (cry of alarm). Make an athletics check. Natural 19. As you go to grab, he goes (yelling), pulls away. You can attempt to make another, if you want. You get two attacks. You can make one per attack. 13. Yeah, no, he's like, (grunting), pushes away from you twice. This slimy little orc is now freaked out. Make an athletics check. It's like (slurping sounds). Ten. Nope! It's like grabbing the soap. Boop, boop, boop! It keeps slipping out of your grasp and it's crawling on the ground. 25. Okay, yeah, that'll do it. It slips past each one, crawling on the ground, (heavy breathing) (clunk) "Ugh!" You get the ankle and you pull it back in. Slides onto his back and is like, (panicked yelling) underneath this giant olog body, covered in armor, that's towering over it. Looking up at you, Arby, like-- Somebody make an intimidation check. After this display, the uruk on the ground goes, (bursts into laughter). "What is this? What, "the Forcs? Really? (giggling) Just kill me." (shrieking) "My! Name's! Borg! Please, stop it! I'm Borg!" LAURA & "I know Ur-Gram!" (stuttering) "I could tell you. I could show you!" "Oh! (groaning) Okay. I could show you. So. Just know, Ur-Gram is strange. He's a fanatic. Bit "of a creepy individual." This uruk, which at a close glance is small, it's borderline goblin in how thin and tiny it is, sits up on his feet. (wheezing) "A fanatic, Ur-Gram is. Near death once, he was! Now works for "some tark who walks like the wraiths do. The Bright Lord, he is. Marks all his gobs with his "hand, he does. I don't question, though. Ur-Gram can break any of us. I've seen it, I have." "That's good." "The Bright Lord, aye. I've seen him around. He's just some stupid man-filth." "I already said man-filth." "Please, don't. Borg is asking you." "No one?" (whimpering) "Well, didn't bend me. Didn't ask." "I'll show you." "Sure, take your rest." "Okay." (muffled whimpering) (yelps of pain) You break a few bones in the process. All right, so you guys all take a short rest. You can use any hit dice that are currently unspent. You get your ki back. You get your action surge back. All right. At the end of this rest, as you're laying back, you hear this silent whimpering as Borg's like (whimpering). "I need to get up first." (muffled) "Blah! I need to get up first!" (gasping and heavy breathing) As you guys continue eastward under the cover of night, having crossed over the apex of this mountain range, you descend down the treacherous paths and cliffs below. A few hours downward, continuing with the pushing of Borg ahead of you, he begins to continuously glance out in the darkness ahead of you until eventually, you come around one bend through this small valley path that's been carved through years and years of heavy rains and wind that have burrowed this small walkway through these big cliff-sides. You turn around the corner and you can see, immediately, about a dozen or so dotted lights in the distance, the dark. Maybe a quarter-mile away. There, Borg goes, "That there! That's where he is! That's where Ur-Gram and the tark have been preparing!" "Maybe!" "I don't know! I've only had to go outside of it!" "Oh, well I've been inside, but they let me in! Don't think they're going to do that for you." "I mean--" He looks down at himself and looks around. "They gave us these." He tugs at the tunic that he has under his ramshackle, piecemeal armor. There's this soft grey material that has a dull grey handprint that's pulled across the front. He goes, "Maybe this?" "Well, he gives them like, a--" "Don't think so." What's your strength modifier? Your strength modifier is five? You take six points of bludgeoning damage to the face, as your jaw actually disconnects from one side and (cracking sound). "Yeah." Yeah, he's totally lying. He has no idea. He watched you slap the shit out of your friend and is amused by it. "I can hear you!" "Oh, oh!" "I could do that! I could help you in." Make a deception check. He's like, "That's very generous. So then, to Ur-Gram? Come on." Make a medicine check. 14? It takes a minute, but eventually (cracking). It's sore. It's swollen. Your face looks disproportionate. "Right." "Okay, good to know. Follow me!" Begins to carefully dart around. You guys progress for about 20 or so minutes before you reach the very base of this mountain. It's now evened out and you're in this valley, where this small fortress is. The closer you get, I want you to make a perception check. All of you guys. All right. Darin? Perception. All right, some decent rolls all around. Okay, you guys can see, on the other side of this wide valley, where the torchlights encircle a fenced, walled encampment, a single ramshackle watchtower marks the center of the interior of this large, sharpened pike-like wall. The back half of the wall is buttressed against the mountain base, across the valley from you, vanishing into a large cavern. So it's not a full encirclement. You see the wall encircles around the base of the mountain and each side ends at the mountain. There's an actual natural cavern that the base of it hides in shadow. You had the 22? You also hear, faintly, off in the distance, this (snuffling and growling). You've heard this sound before. It's kept you up at night, whenever the caragors in their cages were particularly rambunctious. It sounds like a caragor. As soon as you hear it, you also hear a (alert yelp). A second one, not far from it, goes (snuffling). Yeah, but like, near you. Maybe 40 feet from you, at the moment. No trees. You're in Mordor right now. I mean, there are jagged rocks. Part of the terrain itself is a series of broken shale and large rock faces that jut out of the ground from seismic activity. Okay, make a stealth check. Okay. So you watch as Skak disappears behind a rock. What are you guys doing? Okay, make a stealth check with disadvantage. Okay. You watch as Arby nods, follows suit, right behind where Skak is. The rock's almost the size of Arby, so you see this outline of Arby clutching this rock and trying to act quiet as the armor (clanking). Make a stealth check. As you climb a little bit of the rock face on one side of this pathway that's carved into the mountain base here, you glance up. You can see the faint bit of moonlight that breaks through one of the nearby clouds. You can see the outer rim of two fully-grown caragors that are currently walking, maybe 15 feet from each other, a dual hunting scenario. They're both like (sniffing and grunting) on the ground, and they're smelling for any sort of possible prey that might be in the vicinity. (bell clanging) The bell is now ringing in her hand. The caragors at this point (snarling). They both go jumping and leaping in toward where the source of the bell sound was. Make a strength check. The bell arcs behind where you guys were. Right. It arcs off behind you and you watch as one large caragor, nearly 15 feet from end to end, leaps from the top of the cliff, down into the ravine behind you, the rock ravine where you were, and pounces on right where the bell landed. You hear it ping (crushing). With an impact, you see rocks get thrown, as it scrapes across the ground and it tears where the sound source was, it sits there, tearing at it. The other one comes right up to the edge to inspect inside. Right over where you are, it hasn't quite noticed you right now as you guys are all standing still, the bell is quickly being noticed to not be anything fleshy. It's about, maybe, five feet above you right now. Sure. Go ahead and roll an attack. You have advantage on this strike since it's unaware of your position. 26 hits, yeah. 11 points of damage, nice. So, as the one that-- its snout kind of creeped over the edge, you can see its teeth are this thick underbite of its jaw pulling open as it's trying to take in the air both through its nose and its mouth. (snarling) At which point, out of the darkness, this giant maul head slams right into its snout and it backs up briefly, and as that happens and you pull the maul back, it glances down with this look of absolute hatred and death in its eyes. (roars) You do get a second attack because you did take the action on this one. And at this point, the other one spins around from where the bell was, hearing the pained sound of its ally. 17 hits. 12 points of damage, all righty. So, as it's gearing up over the side, you take the maul and slam it again. This time it moves its head to the side and it hits the side of its neck. It's a heavy hit, and it takes the brunt of it, but it's so big. I mean, you're pretty big as an olog-hai. It's probably at least two or more times the mass of your body. And on that note, I would like everybody to roll initiative, please, as these two caragor are now bearing down on you in this ravine. Oh, okay. Oh, nice. (laughs) Yeah, these guys don't seem very fast. All right, Mozuu, you're up first. There's the one that's up behind you on the path, maybe about 15, 20 feet from you, and there's the one that's right above the edge right now that she slammed twice in the face. What are you going to do? All right, so you pull forth your war pick, and you're going to go ahead and strike which one? Okay. It's a little high for you right now. Because of her size, she can barely reach it. You'd have to try and make your way up either Arby, or climb part of the cliff side. Up to you. Make an athletics check. Oh, snap, okay. So, using Arby's body as a ramp, you begin to leap up from shoulder to back to shoulder, the top of her head, and jump in the air, warpick in the sky as you scream to bring it bearing down on the first caragor before you. (laughs) All righty, so, make an attack roll against it. 16 hits! Go ahead and roll for this. So yes, 1d8 plus three, and then you add an additional 2d6 thunder damage to the target. 12 points of damage? All right, so. As you slam the war pick right into the front of its snout, it jams into one nostril and tears through across the side of its face, releasing this gout of dark purplish-red blood, and as the impact hits, there's a burst of energy. The sheer force of your anger as you scream in its face scares it back, and it blows about ten feet behind you and is knocked prone. It rolled a natural four plus four, that's eight. And I believe your spell DC is 11, right? This caragor now gets thrown back ten feet and is knocked prone on the ground on its side. It's trying to snap around and get its feet any sort of purchase to get back up on to the ground, but currently it's open. That ends your turn. Okay, so, Skak, you're up. No, you'd have get up. All right, go for it. It just turned around. (growls) 12. Okay. That does not hit. You turn around and you fire and it-- I'll let you move around the rock where you are and try and hide. Okay. Good to know. All right. That ends your turn, it's now their turn. So the one that was knocked prone gets up off the ground. Ten feet away, it still has enough movement as you're standing now on the shoulders of Arby. It's going to go ahead and-- Let's see. It takes a five-foot step back and goes into a 15-foot leap right towards you. It's a deadly leap. (snarls) It lunges towards you. Yeah, I need both Mozuu and Arby to make strength or dexterity saving throw, your choice. You succeed, you do not. All right, so. Here we go. 14 points of bludgeoning and slashing damage to you, Mozuu, and you are knocked prone as it lands on top of you, knocking you off of Arby's shoulders. You are now on the ground with it on top of you going (snarls). And it's tearing and biting at you as you are currently pinned to the floor. Turnabout's fair play. You take seven points of damage, Arby, and you are not knocked prone or thrown off, you manage to keep your weight there. However, it's partially standing on you now, its hind legs are up on your back and it's using you to hold itself as it's currently putting all of its weight on Mozuu. The other one that was shot at by Skak is going to go ahead and rush forward and it's going to go ahead and make a deadly leap as well. Let's see, all that going on with that space it's going to have to go after Eden. I need you to go ahead and make a strength or dexterity saving throw, your choice. 21, all right. Okay, you take six points of bludgeoning and slashing damage together, and you are not knocked prone. It doesn't pin you in the space. You just manage to pull out of the way, but it's right up in your face now and your back's against the rock that he's hiding behind. There's your friends and the other caragor right behind you over your shoulders, and this one is right in front of you right now, slashing and snarling at you. That's going to end their turn. Arby, you're up. Okay, that's the one you've hit before, so go for it. 26 hits! All righty, so that first hit slams into its side. You hit it again, you hear the crunch. One shoulder blade seems to almost buckle a little bit. It's looking pretty hurt but it's still standing there. That hits. 14, all righty. And with that, you slam up your maul a second time. It actually catches it right underneath the jaw and forces its head to snap up so fast that its spine seems to break into place, and with a (whines) it falls limp, the entirety of its weight sliding off of your shoulders and onto Mozuu, who is now prone and pinned underneath it. Okay. So. Taking a little bit there, shoving it off to the side, you rush up to the one that's right in the face of Eden. It's a quick jaunt. That hits! What?! All right, seven points of damage. You rush up and swing at it. This time, it brings its head back and manages to deflect some of the blow with the side of its face; not quite doing as much damage as you'd like. Make up for that! There you go! 25 points of damage! So, while it deflects the first blow, as it turns its head back to strike at you, you put your foot up and hold it right in its jaw to keep it from getting away. You use that to aim it up and whack right up the side of its temple. It rings its bell and you watch as it pulls away, the slobber and blood dripping from its jaws, shaking its head back and forth from the pain you just inflicted. I believe that ends your turn. End of Arby's turn brings it to you, Eden. 23 hits! You get two attacks and then you can use your Flurry. You can! So you get two more attacks. 15 just barely hits. So it can't take attacks of opportunity. There you go. Perfect. That ends your turn, Eden. Mozuu, you're up. Currently prone and pinned under the dead body of a caragor. Yes, you may. Are you going to attempt to pull your way out, or are you just waiting for someone to help you? You're holding your action for someone to aid. You hear and see, out of the corner of your eye. You especially see it because you're right behind the rock and you see his head and shoulders are right there like, "Help!" Holding your action for someone to help you. That brings us to Skak's turn. It's an action to poison a weapon. It's more of a preparation thing. Oh shit! Roll your dice and then add the modifiers after you double it. Yeah, they've both been bashing it. 26 points of damage. All right. Yeah. As you peek out of hiding, you see it snapping and snarling at both of your friends over on the side. You take a moment and slow your breathing. (heartbeats) And release the crossbow bolt. You watch behind as it streaks forward between your friends. The caragor turns, opening its jaw to snap over Arby and it goes right in the back of the throat, up into the brain and it collapses to the ground, no longer moving. Since you're not in immediate danger, it takes you a minute or so. You all manage to push this giant caragor corpse off of Mozuu's body. You're sore, you're crushed, you're sweaty and covered in blood, but you're now standing. Make a perception check. 21. He is quite a ways down the walkway sprinting away. You're going to use another ki point. With your speed and double dash, as he's sprinting. (heavy panting) About a minute later or so, you catch up right behind him and he's within grasp of you. He hasn't noticed you, he's just eyes on the prize right towards the fortress. Make an athletics check to grapple him. 17. You grab him by the back of the head and he gets yanked out from under his feet and slams into the ground. You're still clutching him. You pick him up. He's dangling now from your giant olog mitts. "I was running from the caragors! Self-preservation, mate!" "Yes!" "Of course!" "Don't worry!" Make a perception check. You see him grabbing him by the head and pulling him in and you see a bit of a struggle. Roll an attack. Roll damage with sneak attack. (laughter) As you're holding him. "Don't worry, we've got this! All right, we're going to make our way inside." I'm going to ask you right now to make an initiative roll to see how fast you are at healing him versus how fast he's bleeding out from the wound. You finish applying the bandages, you've pulled out the bolt, and you have the body there. (cough) He rolled a three. "Just Borg." You guys approach as Eden is cradling this freshly bandaged goblin. "Okay." Make an intimidation check. He goes, "Right. Point making. I'm good. All right." All right. So as you guys slowly begin to encroach upon the outer elements of this fortress, the points of torchlight burning in these braziers along the top side of it, you can see guards walking back and forth along the edges, shortbows at the side, nocked and ready in case any sign of danger happens. You can see a front-- actually, for you guys that are closest, go ahead and make a perception check. All righty. Okay. So as you all stare off and it's about as much as you can make out. You, however, Skak, looking ahead, you can see one, there's a main entrance. There's two large, eight-foot-wide doors that are currently closed on the north side of the wall. You also see what happens to be a muck-covered mud hole that's towards the south side, where the wall meets the mountain, where you can see it's a little swampy and it looks like some of this thick muck and mud meets up to the side of the wall there. "Well, I've seen it, aye." "Not intentionally. It's the shrak hole." (groaning) "I could show you." (coughs) Its wrapping is all around the face and one eye-- it was already swollen from earlier and is now-- he's a wrecked-looking goblin. "I don't know." All right. So I want you guys to all make stealth checks to make your way around that hole without being seen. Yes, and that's disadvantage for you, Arby, unfortunately. Because you have heavy armor on. (high-pitched) Well, roll a second time! No, it's a stealth check. Okay! As you guys quietly make your way over to the shrak hole, you approach the base of the gate there and you hear a voice above you go, "Hey! What are you doing?" You look up and there's three archers that all have their bows notched on you, going, "What "the hell are you--" "Oh. We're gathering for the alchemist. Getting some more prime shrak for his boomy balls! "Yeah!" He's going to attempt to make a deception-- oh, not bad, actually. Let's see if they-- rolling against myself here. "All right. Who are them?" "What's the Forcs?" Make a deception check. One of them starts whispering to the other one and the one that he's whispering to nods and goes and grabs one of the torches and starts going over towards one of the unlit braziers. You've seen these before; they're used usually as a beacon, a warning, a signal for any sort of undue-- He looks like he intends to light it. Go ahead and roll for an attack. No, it is not a surprise attack. It's probably about 15 feet high. You weren't-- oh, you were pretty stealthed, the rest weren't. So yeah, it is now a sneak attack. 16 to hit. Yeah, that hits! The archer. All right, so the one that's walking towards the brazier falls off the wall on the side and slams into the mud there. And the other two archers immediately go-- And they both pull and they're going to both fire arrows down. One of them is going to fire at you-- actually they're both going to fire at you because you killed their friend. You revealed yourself. They suck though-- that's an 11. Yeah. And a ten. So you duck out on both sides and they both go for secondary arrows and begin running towards the brazier themselves now. What are you guys doing? Well, yeah. But horizontal distance-- we'll say height for this. What's your strength modifier? Right. It doubles it, so you get (grunts). I'll say you barely-- because of your height. Because you are an olog, you barely get your fingers up on the top. Go ahead and make a strength saving throw to try and pull yourself up. You drop back down. It's just too high. Make an investigation check if you want to. No. It's a long rest. A 12? You find a small rock. In your hand, it's really small. Make an attack roll. (laughs) It arcs over the wall. All right, go for it and they're going to go again. 15 just barely hits! It's technically not sneak attack because you've already hit them. Ten damage. Okay, so one of them gets hit and he's still standing and he's going to whip around and try to fire back at you. The other one that's running past is going to go ahead and pull out a torch and try to light it. All right, so that ends your turn. They're going to go. One is going to take another shot at you. There we go! That is a 24 to hit. Oh shit! That's right, you didn't. So you go. Okay. So you go ahead and make a-- as you dive into it, make an investigation check to try and feel your way through. You disappear into it and writhe around a bunch to try and reach out for something. It's very taut. Even your uruk form is having a hard time pulling underneath. Indeed. (laughs) All right, so you-- Yes. That would be seven points of piercing damage, reduced to three and the other guy manages to light the brazier. The light goes bright. The signal has been lit. What are you guys doing? Make an attack roll! This is just your strength modifier. You're not proficient in bodies. Eight? (laughs) You slam it against the wall. It slides down and hits the ground. You hear this horrible crunching sound as a number of previously unbroken bones are now freshly broken in the dead body. You have another attack if you want to walk up and try it again. Okay. Make another attack roll with a crumpled body. You release a little too early and it (heavy impact) hits the wall right next to you. One of the arms tears and flies off against the mud. You liquefied his insides at this point. Well, as you dive in, it pushes you out the other side. You get shoved out, plopped out, covered in shrak. And you look around, immediately you can see, as you wipe your eyes off the shrak, everybody is now starting to look around at the signal and begin to grab their weapons and start preparing for an incursion. You dive into it. You get halfway in-- this is a very small space underneath and you're a very large olog. I'm going to need you to make either an athletics check or an acrobatics check to try and push through. Your choice. 19. You push through and watch as the bottom of the wall splinters and breaks, but you manage to make your way through and now, you stand up behind Mozuu, a good number of feet taller than him, also covered in shrak and you both now look around at this chaos happening. What are you doing? All right. You dive in. The space has been opened, thankfully. You follow through. They paved the path. You glide through and now it's just you and your friend, Borg, who's looking at the archers. Well, the archers, the one that's with the torch is going to go ahead and try and take another shot. They're both taking a shot. One's going to be at you and one's going to be at you, now that you guys are on that side. Against you, that is a 21. You take-- ooh, nine points of piercing damage. Well, you used it from last time, so it returns. So you have it back again. You can use it-- yeah. okay, it's reduced to four points of piercing damage. And then one against you is a 14. It breaks off the armor. They're both firing arrows down at you. All right, so what are you guys doing? You glide underneath as they fire at you. You slip under. You're back there with Borg. Dives in, like slowly wades into it (groans) and goes under and pushes his way through without an issue. Okay. As you guys get up on the other side, you can now see about 40 to 50 various uruk have now gathered at the base of the wall where you're standing. They're all armored and ready, their weapons are drawn and you are completely surrounded on the interior of this wall. Nothing but liquid shrak at your back, as you all stand there but they're all keeping at bay. You watch as a hand comes up behind the crowd and goes, "Hold!" Everyone was like-- they are ready to tear at you but they begin to part at the center and you watch with heavy steps as an olog-hai approaches with a giant, mutated underbite with tusks that reach up past the nostril. The eyes peek through from heavily scarred muscle tissue where a face once existed, but has since been torn and not healed very well over. You see, clutching a giant greataxe in its grasp, what you assume to be Ur-Gram the Face-Eater, who's approached and goes, "Who? Who enters my home?" Make a deception check. "The Bright Lord, you say?" "Then stand at me! Walk up and prove you bear the mark!" At this point, you see Ur-Gram is taken aback by this response and glances over his shoulders. He steps back and you hear a voice from behind him go, "Let me see this orc. Bring him "before me." And as Ur-Gram steps aside, you see a human male standing with long, somewhat-tattered dark hair, beard towards the base of the chin, wearing leather and hide armor and bits of chainmail beneath a dark cloak with a single long blade extended to one side. All the rest of the various uruks around the area separate and back away. As they do, you see a familiar flash in their eyes, that strange gray-white light that you saw when you first had your fortress attacked. The human man walks forward. "You say you came this far for the Bright Lord. Then come. Stand before "me. Be marked as you say your request." As he looks down upon this snivelling uruk, his hand protrudes forward and you see for a second, the outer image of his form begin to shimmer and for a moment, you see a familiar sight you've only seen towards the outskirts of the dead waste and swamps on the western side of Mordor. You see spiritual energy pull out of him and you see for a brief instant, a wraith-like form of some long-dead elf that marks the exterior of his body. As the hand reaches forward, this voice echoes around. "Come. May you join the rest of this army." Takes the hand and places it against the side of Mozuu's face. I need you all to roll initiative right now. Okay. You rolled a 12 initiative? All right. So we have-- All righty. Oh wow. You are dead even with the tark. Okay. All right, so top of the round. Arby. As you go charging forward right as the hand reaches to grab the side of Mozuu's face, what are you going to do? Make a shove attack or try and push him out of the way? Okay then. Making a shove attack for your first strike. I believe I need you to make an athletics check. I'm checking here. It doesn't happen too often. 20. Okay. Yep, contested against athletics or acrobatics. All righty. Weirdly enough, you manage to get in fast enough. Your large olog-hai form (heavy footsteps) and slam with your shoulder into this tark. He goes flying off, spinning in the air and landing, barely catching himself as he skids back about ten feet or so. Looks up at you and still the wraith form is on the outside. The eyes flash with this vibrant scary white light and the wraith form fits back into the body. As the tark stands to his feet, the blade at his side and goes, "Very well. So you've chosen death." All right. So you still have another attack if you want to take it. 26 hits! (laughs) 14 points of damage. Nice! All right. So as you hit him, you hear a ringing out behind him, the voice of the Face-Eater himself, Ur-Gram says, "Gravewalker! Smash the invaders!" All right. So at this point, the gravewalker, who's now up in front of you, takes the hit and glares back at you with the burning white eyes. He's going to go ahead and make two strikes on you with Urfael, his sword. That is a 21. And that is seven points of slashing damage. And 19. That is six points of slashing damage and then he is going to go ahead and attempt a shadow strike attack. As it strikes you twice with the sword, sidesteps to the side and looks around at you and that is a 16. What's your armor class? 16! It hits you! As you watch the gravewalker suddenly vanishes from his place, a streak of vibrant white light shoots between the two of you and appears right in front of you, before striking down. That's an 18 to hit? All right. You suffer five points of-- I'm sorry, nine points of slashing damage and four points of radiant damage. Well, it's against the whole attack. Correct. Down to six, it would be. All right. And that's going to end the gravewalker's turn. All right. Ending that, Skak, you're up. (laughs) Okay! Roll. Go for it. No. What was once an ally is now no longer-- Roll for damage. So as you fire the crossbow bolt, you watch as Eden-- So you spend a ki point and go ahead and roll an attack with it. It's considered proficient. Yeah. If you reduce the damage past what it did, you get to throw it back at him. Yeah, that hits! So go and roll damage. So it's a d8 plus your dexterity. Yeah. So d8 plus four. 12 points of piercing damage. No, you already used it! (laughs) Good to know. All right, at the end of your turn-- you still have a bonus action if you want to try something. Okay! So you move behind the gravewalker? All right, at the end of your turn, he's going to use two of his legendary actions to try a dominate on you. Yes. So as you reach behind-- It's an 18. So he reaches behind and as he's still staring forward, grasps the side of your face and you feel this burning, singeing sensation. Make a wisdom saving throw. 13. The mark, the brand of the gravewalker now burned into your face. You see the majesty of the Bright Lord before you and you understand. This is the one to follow. So whereas you may have decided to change allegiance before, it's solidified now. You are working for the gravewalker. All right. That ends that turn. Mozuu, you're up. The rest of the uruks are stepping back and watching this. They're just enjoying the fray. (laughs) So you stay there and still kneeling, 20 feet away? All righty. That's your whole-- (evil laughter) Perfect. All right, that ends Mozuu's turn. Eden, you're up, having just thrown the bolt back at Skak. All right. So-- You're going to run? You're like-- dive back into the shrak hole underneath. It's easy enough for you to push past now, since you made way earlier. You pop out on the other side and start bolting away. All right. At the end of your turn, the gravewalker's going to go ahead and use his last legendary action-- seeing you dart away, he's going to turn back towards you. He's going to go ahead and the blade goes away for a second and pulls his bow, Azkar, out and pulls back an arrow, releases it. Actually, that's a 12! Rolled really low. It slips off and you're unmoving. Unbreakable, even. All right. Back to the top. It's now Arby and the gravewalker's turn. All right, you rush, maul swinging in the air. Go for it. 11? You go and swing and you watch as the form shimmies by and he dodges right out of the way, preternaturally fast. Okay. (laughs) The second swing goes wide and for a second, you're sure you made contact but in the space where the hammer goes, you watch as the gravewalker stands back into place. "You sow chaos "and invite it." "Bow or crumple before your Bright Lord. The choice matters not, for death has already found me "once and lost." And he's going to go ahead and attempt a wraith stun attack against you. That is 23 to hit? All right. You take ten points of radiant damage. By ten? So it hits you and you resist the damage but I still need you to make a constitution saving throw. Okay. You feel the impact, the wraith energies, but your physical form, being a tough olog-hai, you resist the stunning effect of the strike and push through it. No stun on you whatsoever. And then he's going to go ahead and follow up with two more attacks with Urfael, as the bow's been put by the side. He's going to swing twice with the blade against you. That is a 15? It just slides off your armor. Second strike, that's cocked. Natural one. So he swings a second time and you actually catch the blade in your hand. You feel it like cutting into your grip a little bit, but you tighten as you stare down at the gravewalker. Unmoved at this threatening presence that's looking up at you, like it's only an inevitability. All right. So that's going to go ahead and end their turn. Skak, you're up. Sure, you glance off to the side and one of the ologs who's off to the side there, has chains around the chest, you can see maybe it was more of the physical-handy ologs as opposed to warrior. Looks at you with a nod. Make a persuasion check. 19! The olog picks you up and gives you an alley-oop into the air. Yeah, easily enough, you arc up. Make an acrobatics check to try and land your feet on the wall. You land on the edge of the wall and you glance up, just passing, you can see Eden darting away. Make an attack! I will say, he's not aware of your presence. Sure, I'll allow it. 18 points of piercing damage. So crossbow bolt catches you in the back of the shoulder blades, right where the spine meets them. Your body tenses for a second. All right, so when you get to your turn, you're bolting back. All right. So Mozuu, it's back up to your turn. I mean, pretty much everyone else is gone. Okay. You use that as your action? All right, at the top. It is Arby and Talion's turn. So, what are you doing? Currently, yeah. Sure. All right. Go ahead and make-- this would be an athletics versus athletics. 23. As you attempt to do it, he pulls the blade from your grasp. Cuts your hand a little bit but nothing too major. So you have one more attack. 20 hits! All right. 12 points of damage. This time, the gravewalker gets taken off his feet a little bit. He rolls a little bit, just around the side and gets back up to his feet, maybe five feet, almost ten feet from you. Blade's still out, looks at you, looks at the surrounding scenarios. Seems to become somewhat impressed by the fact that you're still fighting in the midst of such immeasurable danger. There you go. At which point, the gravewalker turns his back on you and steps towards Mozuu and says, "Then prove to me. Prove to me you have what it takes." And reaches down and grabs your face, this time finally making contact. Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw. You can opt to not resist it if you'd like to. Do you want to resist it or you want to let it happen? Then you don't need to make a saving throw. Then that being the case, the brand burns in the side of your face. You watch as Mozuu's eyes flare with a vibrant energy. And as it fades, you now see that indeed, this prophecy you spoke earlier seems to be true. You are now. As the brand is there, you glance back and see the pittance that is the existence of your previous allies. And the Bright Lord, as you stand up, goes, "Kill for me." And looks back towards Arby. And with that, he's going to go ahead and pull back Azkar and take two arrow shots at you. That is a 23. And a 19. All right. That is 11 points of piercing damage and seven points of piercing damage. Both arrows slam into your armor; you can feel the plates break and crumble. These are not normal arrows, not with the strength that they're being tossed at you. That's going to end the gravewalker's turn. Skak, you're up. You can see Eden running back. You want to try and hide first? Well, if you can manage to hide and move and he's not aware of where you are? I'll allow it. Okay. So make a stealth check. Make a perception check if you like, Eden. So right as he's running, he glances up and catches you. Skak, make your attack. No sneak attack on this one, unfortunately. Do you have any ki left? To throw it back, you need to spend a ki. What?! So as he's running, and just catches it. All right. Ending Skak's turn. Mozuu, you're up. All right. Make an athletics check against Arb-Uruk. You make an athletics check as well, as it's opposed. So you leap onto the front of her. Which, by the way, you're small in comparison. You're like this spider climbing up the body up to the throat. Go ahead and make an attack. 19. Armor class is 18. Roll a d4 plus your strength modifier. So you take five points of piercing damage as Mozuu begins biting chunks out of your throat. I'll consider leaping as part of it. All right. Eden, you're up. As you ran and then came right back, you come up from underneath and you're out of the shrak hole and you see now Mozuu latched onto Arb-Uruk, biting into the throat. Go for it. The Bright Lord is not that far from you. You can get to the Bright Lord. You're pretty fast. Go for it. 20 to hit? That hits Mozuu, I think. So 12 points of bludgeoning damage as out of nowhere, Eden rushes forward and slams you in the side of the body. Almost knocking you off of Arb-Uruk but not quite strong enough to do so. That hits. Roll damage again! Six more points of bludgeoning damage. And you have your bonus action still, if you want to. I believe so, yeah. 13. The third and final hit, you manage to deflect it with your with your arm. It makes no impact there. Ending Eden's turn. Up to you and the gravewalker. Sure! Go for it! Yeah, you tear him off. Go ahead and make an attack roll. You don't get the proficiency bonus on this but you still get your strength bonus. 18 hits the gravewalker! His AC is 17! I'll say for this one, roll a d6 and add your strength modifier. You don't get to reroll your damage roll because he's not considered-- Sure! You know what, sure! I'll let him be a two-handed weapon. Yeah, I'll allow it. So ten points of bludgeoning damage to both you and the gravewalker. After the hit, Mozuu goes limp in your hand and you're flailing him around in the grasp. The gravewalker takes the hit, looks up at you. He's going to go ahead and make one strike with Urfael. That is 20. All right, you take eight points of slashing damage. And that is a 22 to hit. You take 12 points of slashing damage. You're unconscious? All right, as you fall unconscious and collapse to the ground, he reaches down and grasps the side of your face and you feel this urge of energy come up from underneath and as your eyes flare open, you see the burning, vibrant eyes of the wraith within the gravewalker say, "Stand and join me." Do you want to resist or not? Make a will save to resist, if you want. Make a wisdom saving throw. And you do. Brought back to the brink, there the gravewalker stands ahead of you. As you resist, he goes, "Fine. I gave you a choice." Spins the blade around and takes you out from that point. Yeah. Skak, your turn, up on the edge of the wall. No. Actually, yeah. He would have been in melee with her, which means he's right next to Talion. So, yeah. It would be because you've gone since last time. You may. Make a perception check. All right. Well, you do now that he doesn't see you. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Oh my god. That's so great. I love it. I love it so much. All right, that ends your turn, Skak. Mozuu's unconscious. Mozuu's pretty gone. Eden, you're up. Yeah. All across. That hits. Go ahead and roll a d6 plus damage. Plus? All right, so five damage. He's going to use a legendary action at the end of your turn to do dominate on you. He goes, "One mark for another, uruk brother." Reaches forward to grasp at you. Natural 20. Make a wisdom saving throw. I'll say disadvantage on the wisdom saving throw, because of the natural 20. As the brand of the gravewalker burns into your face, suddenly you see now the vision of glory, the possible downfall of the Dark Lord and a new beginning under the Bright Lord here in Mordor. And as he pulls the hand away, now the fray has come to a calm. The villains and the current scenario from there and now, your perspective now ended. The rest of the uruk begin to gather around. Face-eater Ur-Gram comes up behind and the gravewalker looks about to invite those that survived the fray now under his grasp. "Come. We must salvage the shreds. I mean to carve "my way northwest." You watch now as a red-orange flare off in the distance up in the clouds signifies the volcanic explosion within Mount Doom far, far away. "Stand at my side, orcs. For we "march on Barad-dr. The time of the Dark Lord wanes in the wake of the Bright Lord's wrath." And that's where we're going to end it tonight. (cheering) Well done, guys! And there you have it. That was great. Guys, well done. That was a blast. Shadow of War, coming out October 10. Also out on iOS and for Android. WB Games, thank you so much for making this happen. We had a blast. Hope you guys had a good time.