Hi, everyone! Welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Good job, Sam. Thank you for your patience. Sorry we were off last week. I'm doing much better, for those who are worried about it. Happy to be back. Missed you guys, and happy to be back at this table. So yeah! It's been a couple of weeks. Let's go ahead and get into some announcements real fast. First off, tonight we have our fantastic sponsor, Shadow of War! Yeah, a number of us actually worked in the game. It comes out October 10th, actually. I was Professional Orc 1, as well as the Witch King of Angmar, the head of the Nazgul. I'm pretty excited about that. That's pretty great. I will never forget being at the Shadow of War panel at Comic Con, and you mentioning the DLC and then going, "Has that even been announced yet?" And there was five seconds where I watched Laura wither away into a shell of a human before they went, "Oh, yeah, it's announced." And you reverted. By the way, if you haven't played the previous game, the Nemesis system is one of the coolest things I've played in many games in a long time. I'm going to challenge you guys to try and pick out not only who you voice orc-wise, but then to try and make sure our orcs rise to the very top. So you have nothing but generals from Critical Role. I challenge you for this. Because that would be pretty cool. It's going to be fun. All right, thank you, Shadow of War for being our sponsor tonight. We're excited about the game, and hope you are, too. Also, there's been a lot of insane weather tragedies that have been in the news recently. I want to make sure that everyone knows that if you want to help support relief for both of the hurricanes that have come and torn through the U.S., we have a link to the Red Cross to donate and be part of that. It'll be available in the chat and throughout the rest of the game tonight, so if you have the opportunity to help out, I highly recommend it. Come help these people that have lost a lot in the past couple weeks or so. Give what you can. I've given, and we really appreciate that support. I grew up in Florida. I know the area well, and I have family out there that endured it. It's very close to me. So if you can, greatly appreciate it. Let's see here. Merch! Laura. I'll show it to you, and my back brace, to make it really better. The back brace? Next time. Thank you, Laura. Also reminding you guys, we have up to episode 40 of Critical Role now released on iTunes, Google, and geekandsundry.com has all the information for it. So if you want to listen to the podcast, or your friends have been like, "I don't want to watch it, but I just want to hear it." It's good for commutes. To be fair, I remember looking down at the sheet as you were announcing it. Thank you for the heads-up on that. We announced a while back the Critical Role six-issue mini-series comic book. We announced last week that it's going through Dark Horse, which I'm super excited about. Oh, yeah. Dark Horse was my introduction. I was probably in fourth grade when I got into the Alien comics through Dark Horse. I didn't realize there was more to explore. Dude, I've been a fan of them ever since. Being able to take this into their realm is brilliant. I'm so excited. First issue drops on the 20th, guys. So that's coming up. It will be on Comixology, iBooks, Dark Horse Digital, Kindle, Nook, Google Play, etc. It's written by our good friend, Matt Colville. It's drawn beautifully by our good friend, Olivia Samson from the Critter community, and the coloring and lettering by Chris Northrop. Super stoked, hope you guys enjoy it. So look out for that next week. What he said. We'll have a trade available in spring 2018. Yeah, to tie in with it. Of course, we have Talks Machina coming up this Tuesday at 700pm Pacific, here with our fantastic host, Brian. We'll be talking about our episode tonight. So look for that next week. All the Critical Role episodes are now available on Alpha. They've gone back and added the bells and whistles, the information, the stats, everything, for all the episodes before Alpha even launched. So if you ever watched it there, it's all updated. All righty. Last few things. One this is Sub-tember, guys, by the way, for Twitch. Sub-tember means for the next few weeks, Twitch has a special promotion where subscriptions are half off for new subs for every Twitch channel, including this one. So if you've been watching and you've always wanted to subscribe, but you never really felt like you can give the full $5, it's half off this month. So if you want to subscribe to our Twitch, now's the month to do it. Just giving the heads-up. It's pretty rad, and thank you, Sub-tember. Last but not least, Laura and Travis, you are going to be at an event soon, aren't you? You can hear the $400 burn away instantly. That's how much it costs to expedite. Yeah. Make sure you get your travel visas. All right. Well, cool, guys! Thank you so much. Thank you for dealing with our long announcements. It's been a few weeks. However, I think, with that, it's time to dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Two weeks, Sam? It's too much for you? Well, you saw the corpse after it was there, yeah. You'd taken a brief rest after the battle with the trolls where you guys began to look about the inside of the vault. And that's where the part of the exit collapsed. All righty. Necrotic it is. Between her hand, his dagger, and Pike's mace, you have a few light sources that you guys maintain. But do keep in mind that light sources also do make you a bright beacon in dark places. Glowing hands is like a small torch firelight. The Mace of Disruption-- So if I could have a marching order, please? Okay. Do you have Trinket out, Vex? Percy's after Grog. Keyleth, and then we have Pike and Scanlan holding up the rear. All righty, there you go. Have that marked down. How far ahead are you tracking? So 20 feet ahead, you begin to make your way up the incline, and it is loose rock in this tunnel. As you step, there are elements that skid and fall beneath the pressure of your feet, and you have to be careful as you progress up the incline based on how much it continues upward to keep your footing. Okay. No traps catch your attention. As you progress forward, you begin to notice the tunnel seems to be pincering a bit the further you go. The sides of the walls begin to close in and eventually, about 30 feet ahead, comes from the 15, 20-foot width that the initial entrance way into this carved tunnel was, pinches to about three feet wide. About five and half, six feet tall? You'll probably have to get closer to see. Where you are currently, it looks like part of the tunnel was carved outward and then shaken, and elements of it collapsed and loosened the earth that at one point was packed at the sides. Yeah. It's coming at an incline. The incline isn't increasing. It gets to about a 45-degree incline and then maintains that up until the outside of your visual range. Not if you haven't recast it because after the short rest it would've been gone. So as you guys glide up on the broom, stealthily, I want you guys both to roll a stealth check, please. All right. That's impressive. So as you both quietly coast your way past this entrance way, squeezing into this two and a half, three-foot-wide location, you get just within the 60 foot range and look up and Vax, you step off the broom and make your way quietly up to the other side of the range. You get about 30 feet beyond the broom before your vision meets where this tunnel seems to end and it looks like there is a solid, rocky blockage. Go ahead and make an athletics check as you're climbing up to maintain the strength, as the incline is now towards the end getting more and more steep. Deftly, you manage to find the proper handholds and pull your strength up as the final bit becomes a little bit of a upper body weight carrying situation, and you come to the edge of the rock and you see it. It does appear to be a rocky cave-in or larger boulder that has fallen or been placed to close. It looks to be one solid rock, yeah. At this point, the entrance is about four foot by two foot. And it's all blocked by one solid piece of rock. This would be a perception check. Make a perception check. 20? Okay. TALIESIN and It's not that difficult to discern the pattern of the steps. The entirety of this titan shifts and quakes with each footfall, so it's pretty easy to find the pattern. It rarely changes, and you imagine any slight shift that you feel as they're going about this is because it's stepping on or through terrain that is not flat. But it is a pretty discernible pattern. Not really. It mostly looks like loose rock and the more you glance about with each impacting footfall, you see two or three errant rocks go. You guys watch as more rocks tumble down the incline. Yeah. You may. This is a tight tunnel for you. You have to crouch down, round your shoulders as you're doing it. Make an athletics check. With advantage, because you are raging. Okay. Here's the scenario Vex and Vax, as you guys are on the broom in the tunnel, you look down and you know in Labyrinth, when the cleaner comes through the tunnel that fills the entirety of the space? You watch as this angry goliath starts up the tunnel towards you, and there does not appear to be much of any space you could squeeze through. You can both attempt to. Make an acrobatics check to attempt to squeeze between his legs. It's not comfortable, but you both (popping) out the back, between his monstrous goliath thighs. From a backward perspective, those of you who are still waiting a little further down the tunnel from Vex it's a unique sight, as the back end of your goliath friend suddenly gives birth to two half-elves. It's very Ace Ventura 2. However, you eventually climb your way angrily up to the very edge and there is the boulder, there, and you're about to go right towards it, but then stop and remember what your friends had said, and you wait patiently for the pattern of the next footfall. (boom) Go ahead and roll an attack. Yeah, all right, so roll 1d4 damage. Plus your strength modifier and your rage damage. Whoa, wait, did you double it already? Wait, so it's four plus eight, 12. That's with the axe, yeah. No, that's your overall. So your rage damage at this level is four, because you just went up a level. So it's 12 plus four, so it's 16. So you do 32 points of bludgeoning damage with a single punch to this rock. With one hit, the entire boulder shifts and cracks, and you watch as part of it breaks away, and you see a brief glimmer of a dull light from the opposite side, as it rests back into place, heavily damaged. You wait for the next footfall of the titan (impact). You feel the impact and the shake. Do you want to go for another punch? Roll another attack. Easily enough. Go ahead and roll another d4. Four for rage damage. All right, and so with that, your fist slams into the boulder a second time. It explodes and shatters into hundreds of crumbled pieces of rock and stone goes firing across the distance of this tunnel, now revealing a little bit of flickering firelight. As you're sitting there seething with anger and your muscles and veins bulging with each breath-- Yeah. You can see above you, this entranceway opens up into a five-foot wide, ten-foot tall hallway that goes to the right and left. As you emerge, it goes a little bit to the right and front, and then to the back and behind you that direction. So you squeeze out of the small entrance way and step up into it. You can see now a well-constructed hallway. You can see there are stone slabs that are carved. The patterns and the angular architecture of this hall as it comes up into a trapezoid position. The hall comes in a bit, and the hallway rooftop is a flat, even surface. This is apparently a hall of dwarven make and seems to be a continuation of some sort of structure or pathway of Thomara. You guys all eventually make your way up into this hallway. Now, it is still a five -foot-wide hallway, so you're still here in single-file progression one way or the other. Right, so you guys would be able to because it's a ten-foot-tall tunnel. You guys would be able to occupy a space above another party member if you were both on the broom. So go ahead and make and investigation check. Both of you separately because you're investigating different elements of the hallway. As you guys glance up and focus on the surrounding location. The hallway behind you goes for about 30 or so feet before it looks like a cave in. It looks like a mass of fully collapsed, broken stone. You can see bits of the hallway slabs that originally held up that part are collapsed inward and broken, left scattered across the ground. The other direction you go continues on and opens into a dark chamber about 60 feet ahead of you. There are small built-in sconces that are magically, perpetually burning firelight. You do not notice anything, as you were investigating specifically for that. I included that as your perception for traps above. You did not notice anything that would be considered a trap. About 20 feet before this darkened chamber is there before you. As you get to the edge, you can see a little bit the very inside of this chamber. You can see a darkened brazier. It's your mind playing tricks on you. You thought you heard a raven. A cold metallic brazier in the middle of the room. And that's as far as you can see into the chamber, before the edge of your visual range goes dark. You can make a nature check. If you want to enter the chamber, you can. You're too far away. As you take a moment, and think back to how far you've traveled path-wise and inclines and where you entered this titan and to where the city of Thar Amphala is placed upon its torso, you gather you're close to halfway through its torso, if not a little beyond it. Sternum. You scoot up to the edge. Right. Which will put you right at the entryway to this chamber. So the marching order is the same? We got the twins up the front. All right. So as you enter the chamber, it's a small, about 20-foot radius square-shaped dark iron chamber with rounded corners. So it's about 40 feet wide from side to side, 20 feet from the center where the brazier is and the corners are slightly curved. It doesn't come to a straight, hard corner. There is no exit door currently visible; the chamber comes to an end. The room looks mostly bare, aside from an eight-foot-tall, five-foot-wide mirror coated in dust, framed in intricate gold and brass that sits across the chamber on the opposite side of where you entered. Iron room with a brass edge around this eight-foot tall, five-foot wide mirror. You can tell it's a mirror from this side. What little bit of light there is behind you, you can see your silhouette waving mirrored in the mirror. Mirror. And then the rest of the chamber seems fairly empty. Yeah. You begin to glance around the chamber, best you can, to take in the scenery. You notice small gold piece-sized buttons or pressure knobs set in the rounded corners of the chamber on the mirror side. One's embedded within the upper left and right corners and within the lower left and right corners. They're like little buttons that are gold piece-sized that are embedded in the upper right and left corners and the lower left and right corners. You also notice very thin light piles of black residue or ash scattered in places across the floor. It's on the wall. It's a square room but the corners curve ever so slightly so there's no direct corner and in those curved corners on the side that the mirror's on, so the far side from you, there's these little buttons in the upper right and left corner and the lower left and right. Mm. It's cold. Okay. If you enter the chamber to, yeah. It's light ash. You're not sure what the basis of what may have burned here. You see more of it gathered near where the brazier is. Make an investigation check. More of it seems to be around the base of the brazier, but you do see there are thicker traces at different places throughout the chamber. You've dealt with different types of ash. The carbon appears to have been organic-based at some point. Okay. (slithering) (slithering) Scoots over and heads up to the mirror and presses up against it. The snake trying to push up against the wall but half of its body sliding against the mirror before it eventually scoots off and lands. It tries again, pushing against the mirror and then eventually (sliding). The snake slithers around and makes its way. It's a cross-metal cage. There are inch wide metal bars that all curl up like a basket and then there are bars that cross around it to hold the shape. It looks like there are some long-burned, blackened pieces of wood that have been left for a long time. So Simon curls up into the brazier and curls up around the metal, comes around the top of the outer rim of it, rests there. Which one? There's four on the opposite side. Simon (slithering) moves over. Hits the button. (click) Right on the entrance of where you are in the chamber, slams closed. Iron metal now closes off that entranceway. It is beginning to get warm. Make an investigation check. It's pretty solid at this point. The walls that lean in towards the ceiling there-- it is a perfect solid iron slab that has closed off at the entrance. Make a perception check. Gone for two weeks and you guys can't find middle math. It's only extremes. So as you guys glance back in the shadow of the tunnel behind you, nothing seems to be catching your eye. It's still dark. About two minutes in, what was once dark metal is now giving a slight orangish hue. You can feel the heat emanating from it. I'd say, because of your perception check, as you glance around, there does not appear to be any ash. About five minutes go by as you guys are waiting. Eventually, the iron wall begins to descend. The dull orangish glow of it is still there. As it opens, a wave of heated air emerges from the chamber. You all have to immediately close your eyes. Some of you instinctually begin to step further back into the hallway. On the inside of the room, you can see the black iron interior of the chamber is also that same orangish glow. The mirror is unscathed. You all step back and watch and a few minutes pass as it slowly begins to cool off, the metal slowly darkening. You're too far away to look. You make a perception check to try and glance in? There's no response. You glance past where the button was that it hit. You see a limp belt left on the ground. Technically, since Simon's taken enough damage to revert to the belt form, Simon cannot turn back into a snake for the day. The pieces are still there, but it's black carbon. There's nothing in there that could burn. Whatever's been in there has been heated so much to the point-- Well, no. If you guys want to take a few minutes, you can wait until it cools off, if you want to. Okay, I take it you wait until it cools off. It takes about ten minutes or so for it to fully cool off, to the point where it's comfortable. Make an investigation check. Okay. Because the room is not fully cooled off, it's still warm in there, somewhat. You glance through. The ceiling and the walls all appear to be solid iron, and there's a layer of dust across a lot of it, a bit of ash from whatever previously may have been incinerated in here, long ago. As you look from the opposite side of the room into the reflection of the mirror, you see a very faint orangish glow in the reflection. It looks like, in the upper corner and the lower corner of the opposite side of the mirror as you're glancing off across to the other side. As you look over to the wall, of the room you're in, there's no glow. Let's say you enter the chamber and you move to the corner immediately to your right. You look in the mirror at an angle. You're now seeing the reflection of the corner opposite to you, right? Looking in that reflection, you can see this very faint orange glow in the upper and lower corner, but you glance over to the physical corner across from you, and it's not there. As you have this conversation and look back, those two glowing sigils are gone. Even in the mirror. What you saw earlier is now gone. Okay, so you take your hands and you put them up near there. As you put your hands on the wall, nothing seems to happen. As you glance through the reflection where she has her hands, that symbol seems to be appearing again. It looks to be a simple triangular symbol, marked in a circle. Make an arcana check. It's the most basic of arcane marks. It's a variation on a spell that basically is a mark that a certain enchanter or somebody places to mark as their own. However, this is meant to be a basic marker, a visual draw. There's no language behind it. It's just an indicator. As you head down there, the one above begins to slowly fade. As her hands go there, the symbol appears below. As you guys reverse, opposite sides, you go to the other corners, the ones that were immediately toward the entrance of where you walked in. Sure enough, two more symbols, mirroring where the buttons are on the far side corners. You put your hand on there. Nothing. The wall doesn't move. Make an investigation check. 17. Grog, as you step up and glare down at the place where Keyleth had placed her palm, you get frustrated and (sighs heavily). As you exhale, it looks like a bit of soot and ash that had been slowly drifting in and filling this space flutters away. You can see two lines, parallel to each other, about an inch tall. Across the parallel lines? All right. As the wind blows across it, a lot more of the soot and the ash blows around the area. It creates an open space where it pushes out to the edges and darkens areas of the floor and the vicinity around Keyleth. That edge of that corner, where you blew the Gust cantrip that Grog had unfurled, is now clear, the iron revealed. Nothing beyond the two. Okay. So up there. You blow on that one and it looks like-- That would be lower right. Correct. That would be upper right. All right, you blow, and you watch as the dust reveals. It's two more lines. That one has four parallel lines. All right, that one has a single line. What was that? It's not extremely intricate, but it looks like there's a brass or bronze frame around it. As you look in the actual frame itself, you don't see anything that matches the symbols. So Grog, you go through, (rapid blowing). Blowing around. Okay. Make an investigation check. You clear that archway very well, around the door. You do reveal Dwarven runes on the upper right corner, upper left corner, lower right, and lower left corner of the doorframe. Well, the runes are part of the Dwarven language. Okay, so turning around, upper left corner. Okay. That one is the Dwarven rune that represents the number three. That is the number one. So lower right-hand corner would be a two. A four. It's a 20-foot radius from the center of the brazier, so it's 40 feet on each side. Yes. All right, so this is the-- facing from the inside-- I'm going to have to draw you one. I think you guys got confused on that one. Okay. There, that's what you get! Sorry, I'm limited in my reach right now. Yep, almost. Almost. I'm saying, looking back and seeing where the numbers lie and the runes in there, you have the correct configuration. Okay. It taps. Make an investigation check. Three. You smear a bit of ash, but eventually get some semblance of shine through. Nothing catches your eye. Nope. The buttons? The top are about ten feet up. He can hold them. He can't attack; he cannot be a combatant. It can hold things for you. Kind of, yeah. You're not wrong. All right. There's this brief shimmer, and you watch as a bit of ash displaces on the ground where two footfalls (landing noises). Okay. Okay, so pressing the upper left twice. Heads over, holding the lance. You watch the lance wobble, and it misses a couple times, (clicking) hits the button, and it clicks inward. The lance is pulled back and the button presses back out outward into its position. No door. Second time, (clicking) pulls off, the button depresses. (clicking) (clicking) (clicking) (laughter) Okay. You hear the faint footfalls of sound behind, and Trinket takes a moment to try and squeeze through this small entranceway. Trinket had a hard enough time getting through the incline. (moans) Into the necklace. You make your way through the opposite side, and as you all step through, the portal remains open for at least a moment. So the darkness you step through leads into a ten-foot-wide hallway of similar dwarven stone. Same slightly angled hallways about ten feet tall or so, about five or six foot wide. You get a few steps in and about 20 or 30 seconds after you guys make your way in, the mirror portal behind closes up. Through the mirror? You're in pitch black, but you guys with darkvision can see there is a staircase not too far, maybe ten feet from where you stand into this next hallway. Stone stairs. All right, lights up briefly and you get a little bit of a vision beyond that, and it's gradual stone steps. They're not too wide; they're made for dwarven gait, so there are many steps that are relatively shallow. You're welcome to search for traps. You do have reliable talent, don't forget. The reliable talent as a rogue specifically says any roll lower than a ten you take as a ten. Well, not any roll. Any ability check he has to make. Yeah, because that's one of the cool things about rogues. You guys make your way up about 45, 50 or so feet up the stairway, you keeping an eye out, no traps, nothing catches your eye as iffy or strange, and the stairs now switch back into another set. It's a small landing and then it continues upward. Yeah, it's a switchback. The staircase ascends, then there's a landing, and it continues upward and around. Make a perception check. So you're joining them up the staircase? All right, so you guys are keeping up. Seriously, welcome back after two weeks and people just cannot-- wow. 25. Okay. It's hard to discern what shifting in the distance is not the rumbling from the ever-occasional titan footfalls, but nothing seems to catch your attention. Occasionally, you hear dislodged rocks and stones clacking across the stone floor and the steps, and every now and then you catch a stone or two fall past and eventually come to rest either near or below you. You continue up the switchback stairs and lead into a third switchback that continues upward. Leading the old man forward. You do not find any other traps. There's no other issues that worry you upon this climb. You do eventually come to the top of the third switchback stairway and it leads you into a slight curved cavern. The stairs stop and it leads into a continuation of the dwarf-like hallway structure that you had below, but it is curving around now, in sections. I would say, as opposed to a gradual curve, the design in the structure here has a very rigid, geometric shape, so the curvature is in sections. All right, go for it. Okay. Coming around the edge no traps, no plates. Nothing catches your attention. However, this tunnel comes to an end, and it opens up into a larger crevasse than the one that you previously saw that held a number of city buildings of the remains of Thomara. It looks to be about 100 to 120 feet tall, you assume, from the bits of the stalactites that you can see, barely reaching the edge of your visual range. Very faint bit of light here, bioluminescent fungus in a dull orangish color that dots the edges of this interior chamber. Yes. This one is larger than the one you were in before, and you can see just beyond your visual range, a number of these buildings, partially crumbled in some places, some still standing obstinately against the ever-shifting interior of the titan's form, the chamber curling upward as the ceiling crawls higher and higher just beyond your visual range, and you can faintly see the images of dozens of thin bridges that weave over themselves across different levels, up into the higher portion. Okay, what's the range on that one? 60 feet? You do not sense any undead within the 60-foot range. Well currently you're the only one who's stepped into this entrance to look up, the rest of you are now exiting into the chamber. Okay, so they're all behind you now where this entrance is, and as you look past it, this hallway that you're entering, it looks like there was a doorway here. There was some sort of hinge on the edge that held a door that had since been broken or toppled forward. You can see pieces of the door that once held this entranceway, and a number of the buildings immediately to the right and left. That's where you stand, what do you want to do? Make an investigation check. Not in a long time. Yeah, you see a couple of shards here and there-- Make an investigation check. Lot of investigation checks today. You scramble about and find a couple of pieces that might be, but no, it's just more stone. 26. As you glance about-- once again, your vision, because there is very little light in here and the very, very faint bits of fungus in the distance that give you a sense of the shape of this entire chamber. There isn't enough light for you to make out any shape beyond the exterior of your visual range, so you can't really tell. Let me finish what I was saying first. But based on the size of this chamber and the bits of what small elements of structures that you can see of the architecture within, this definitely appears to be more of the heart of the city of Thomara when it was once at its ancient height. You can see at the very edge of your visual range a cracked central fountain that is empty and dry, and you see, just beyond your range, the exterior of a large temple-like building that rises out of the ability to see any more of its height and structure. But like I said, you guys are still standing at the entrance to this cavern. Doesn't appear to have changed. Make a perception check. Not bad. Nope. I'd say, because you guys have darkvision of 60 feet? It's at about the 50, 55 foot areas where the wall begins, then it vanishes beyond that. You've been within the titan for, I'd say, roughly three and a half hours, maybe. You do not see any staircases within a 60-foot radius of where you're standing. Who's traveling in what group? Okay. I was waiting on that. I was like, you guys literally had this conversation an hour ago, but okay. Go for it. What are you doing, you're checking for traps? So as you push forward-- Okay, then roll some stealth, guys. Right, then roll some stealth. She has the boots that make it not at disadvantage. You begin to push forward past the cracked fountain, heading ahead of everyone, keeping an eye out for what's ahead of you. The high walls of the temple-like structure begin to reveal themselves, standing ominous over the debris-strewn streets with shattered carts and bone fragments. The bone fragments faintly quaking beneath every footfall of the walking mountain that you currently are walking through. You see long-decomposed dwarvish bodies brutalized beyond reanimation lying scattered across the broken street paths ahead of you, deep grooves marking the splintered bone. A tangled network of partially ruined catwalks begin to reveal themselves above you, carved from the mountain, contains a ghostly image of a multi-level metropolis long fallen. You, make a perception check. 29. You can see, as soon as you get to where the fountain is, the center of the street ahead of you. Dozens of slow shifting creatures moving throughout the streets and rubble of crumbling structures. You can see now, many of the undead citizens of the catacombs are now wandering, shaken awake by the lumbering titan that now carries them within. You also see a very faint blue pulsing glow emanating from one of the windows of the temple. Which, as you're saying this, you hear a (clattering), and you glance over real fast and watch as Grog is walking by and the edge of his-- which weapon do you have attuned right now? You have the Blood Axe? The Blood Axe hits the edge of a large dwarven statue that had fallen off at a corner angle and is currently being held by a small barrel, and as the axe hits it, it shifts (crashing) and rolls and comes to a rest for a second with this clattering, grinding sound. Parts of it chip and break, but most of it remains strong and sturdy upon impact. At which point, you see at the edge of your visual range, about seven of the wandering creatures go (raspy groan) and begin slowly slinking their way in the direction of the noise. Parts of it are broken. It's still pretty sturdy. They're ahead of you. All right. So you guys move along the left and curve around the side. As you begin to move along the edge, you watch as about eight of these mostly-skeletal dwarvish corpses begin to shamble in the direction of where the noise came from. You can see elements of their long-mummified skin pulled tight against elements of the rib cage and the skull. Bits of chipped teeth, now broken against whatever things it's attempted to chew on its long un-life. As they move past, two of them glance over in the direction of Grog, and then all of them shift over in the direction and begin rushing forward in your path. At this point, they're probably about 50 or so feet from where you are. All right. She's preparing for it, right? Oh, well she also has darkvision of 60 feet. What's the radius on that one? That's all right. Nope. 30 feet. Okay. All right. So as she holds position-- They know you're there. It's not a surprise. There's as threat, and they're rushing. But you do have advantage on the hits because they don't see you. That definitely hits. Okay. All right. So go ahead and roll damage on those. Are you shooting two different skeletons or one each? Okay. Okay. So the first skeleton, the arrow hits it and the torso explodes behind with ribs shattering and scattering across the stonework, its body falling and collapsing to the ground. Yes, you do. 26. This one right behind it, its jaw unhinged slightly. Its tongue made of this slick rotting material that dangles through the hole in the bottom of the jaw. Comes around the corner, and you watch as part of its head explodes off one side from the secondary arrow, taking out what remains of the center of its skull, and the body crumples to the ground. Two skeletons down. Yeah. You don't have to roll damage for that one. Well, you can do sneak attack once per round. It was still enough. You don't have to roll damage for sneak attack. A third skeleton now is ruined. You hit it with the arrow in the middle of the spinal column, and it folds on itself. Okay. This one the arrow slides into the side of the skull, and it keeps coming forward towards Grog. Okay. And that one does finish it. So that's three skeletons down. Grog, I want to to individually roll an initiative check for me. So as you guys are watching this happen, the other five rush in to close the gap, but you are at the ready, and you get to strike before they do. That hits. Your minimum damage will kill them. So as the first one comes up towards you, you swing up. As you slam into it, you watch as its bony body blows up against the side of the nearby stone building and then scrapes to the ground. Yes, you can. All righty. So two more detonate on this point. So there's three left. They're closing in on Grog. Does Pike want to take her turn? Make an initiative roll. Yeah, that beats them by one. So yeah, as the three remaining ones start charging in towards Grog-- Go for it. No. 15 does hit. Yes. Okay. You rush up and you carve through the first skeleton, and it breaks on the ground in front of you. Okay. The second one, you bring the blade down into the skull and cleave it in half. You watch as part of its skull breaks off to the side and the jaw falls to the ground and the rest crumbles in place. Okay, and as the final one lunges forward, in a fervent-- strangely faster than you expect for a skeletal undead, it begins to accelerate towards Grog. And with that, you take the blade and take the head right off at the neck, and it falls and crumples to the ground. Well, the last one-- it was flavor. Okay. As you finish the fray and hold yourself, you wait and wait. You do not hear or notice any more advancing undead from that direction. The temple where you guys were at, at the time was 50 feet away from you, but you would have crossed the other side of the hall. So now it's about 100 feet away from you. At this distance, you can see it's a round, almost cylindrical building, Colosseum-esque. And there's a small square window about every 25 to 30 feet. And it's big. It's large, but you can see that faint glow between multiple windows from this distance. All right, now that this brief combat has finished, those who took place in it, which would be you, Vax, Grog, and Percy have to remake your stealth checks. She stepped out of her stealth. She was making herself visible. All right. You guys begin to slowly make your way along the left wall of this large cavern. Good to know. As you slowly move through the shadows, dodging through open doorways and through windows, trying the best you can to stay out from the center thoroughfare of this opening, you see more and more of these undead. Dozens, maybe even a hundred have crossed your path at the perimeter of your visual range and you can see in the catwalks above too, with the faint bit of the orange glow, occasionally shapes breaking across the orange. This entire cavern is swarming. No. I mean you have a decent sense. You are maybe 100 to 150 feet from where you began. Because you've been moving slowly. Staying stealthily, you're moving very carefully and very slowly and judging by the shape of the cavern and where you are currently, you're about halfway through it, or close to halfway. The temple's on the opposite side of the chamber. I'm sorry. When you entered the entrance, the temple was to the front and to the right of you. You guys curved around the left, on the other side of it, keeping a view on it so you could see it from across the way. Are you making your way across to the temple? Further in. Nothing directly around the outside of the temple. So you guys curve around the entrance where you came and slowly make your way towards where the temple emerges from the rock wall. About a third or so of its exterior wall is actually built into the side of this cavern, and the large cylindrical-like Colosseum temple structure curves outward. You can see as you get closer to it, there's maybe the three floors to it but edges of the top wall have crumbled inward and you can see areas where it looks like it's sustained some physical damage or eroded over time. You eventually make your way around the outside wall of the temple to one of the first doorways, and it is an archway, maybe six feet tall and about four feet wide. Very simple. This is an old temple. It looks to be coming from the base. You can look inside. Make a perception check. Plenty. You watch as two bone shards slowly glide over, then stand there. Okay. As you pull up to the window and glance down, you immediately look inside the temple, and you see about 30 or so silhouettes of shambling dwarven corpses all standing inside the base floor of this temple. You see the silhouettes and shapes because they are all faintly outlined from the source of this blue light. You see a small, baseball-sized, bluish crystal that is resting, not in the perfect center of the temple but somewhere in the open middle floor area, and it looks like these 30 undead are surrounding it, and standing. Gnomes on the carpet with Grog. You and Percy on the broom. You're transforming into what creature? Giant eagle. Okay, who's doing what? The bones shift over towards you ever-so-slowly. The bones begin to drift. Is Simon holding bones or a blanket? Simon begins to slowly walk, the handkerchief floating by. As you glance inside and watch as it happens, you can see all the undead that are in there are standing, unmoving, swaying a little bit in place. Simon's about 30 feet out from them. About 20 feet out. They don't notice his presence. You notice that all the undead are facing the crystal, by the way. LAURA and They're not staring at you. They're staring at the crystal. The handkerchief makes its way forward. Simon walks between the undead, and they don't even notice. The handkerchief moves over onto the crystal, and all the undead look over to the crystal, and the crystal lifts, and they all begin to (groans). Make an attack roll. Roll and add your strength modifier. You're adding your strength modifier to that? Yeah. You're aiming at the opposite end? With your strength? Easy enough. You lob it. It arcs over (flame noises) and explodes. The oil spreads across the ground. Flames ignite, and the bright light that emanates from it and the flames burst, and all the undead turn over (grunting) and begin to retract away. Two of them are following Simon. Only two of the undead are following Simon, currently. The others are distracted by the detonation of flame. They look confused. They're making their way slowly. No, they're much faster than Simon. Okay. Both of you guys roll an attack. Roll damage. These two skeletons almost atomize. As they're walking, they're both gaining on Simon, and as they both start reaching towards where the dull bluish glow, mostly muted by the handkerchief, is floating in the air, they (growl) towards it. You watch as both their heads and torsos scatter across the ground, like a heavy wave of force blasted them across the stonework. The scraping sound hits as the detonation hits. The flames are dying down, and... no, no other undead see it. Slowly, the stone floats past, out of the doorway, and makes its way back to you. At this point, Simon's getting real close to the end of his hour-long casting time. No. Whatever it is. All the undead inside that were distracted by the explosion of the lantern are riled up now, and they're starting to wander around, and some of them are starting to make their way towards the entrance to the temple. Some are making their way toward the staircase to head upward. All right. You go into eagle form, grab Vax, and all of you guys make your way up into the cavern entrance. Currently, I believe the eagle form has darkvision. Right now, you have no light source. Right, so you guys are able to maneuver. So as you guys head up into the center part of the cavern, above the catwalks, you can see as you push through, about a third of them are still standing. A lot of them have collapsed in the center, and there's edges of bridges that come to a halt where they've collapsed and tumbled down into the cavern below. You can see straggling undead wandering the catwalks and these pathways along the edges of the cavern. As you pass forward through them-- I imagine you guys are cruising through as fast as you can? A few of them seem to glance up and see you as you pass and reach, but they have nowhere to go. As you begin to cruise through the center of this cavern, following it to the opposite side, it widens further, and now as you look down, faintly, you can see bits of the orange bioluminescent fungus that are growing within this city below. You can see elements of these beautiful statues that are partially crumbled. You can see small homes that litter the center of this chamber. You can see some of the catwalks that meet in the center of this actually meet in a suspended platform that contains another dome-like structure that is partially caved in. With another shake and impact of the titan's footfall, you watch as one of its suspension pillars cracks, and the entire center finally gives way and falls and slams down, collapsing into the center of the chamber, it being there for the final moment of its tensile strength. As it slams down, you watch as it crushes about 40 or so various skeletons below, and from that blast, you can see something on the interior of it was apparently explosive or flammable, and it explodes, giving a brief flash of light into the center of this cavern. Where you had the brief outside of your visual range, you now look around and see the entirety of these dozens of catwalks and the city below you. Hundreds and hundreds of roving skeletons and mostly decomposed, mummified dwarven corpses that all glance towards this explosion. Some have been blasted away from it by the impact of the detonation. Others are making their way towards what the strange sound was, drawn towards it, but you're keeping this central safe space between, where none of them can grasp or assail you. Currently, what you see is just the one. Make a perception check. Anyone who has darkvision can make a perception check. You have advantage on your perception. Oh. Your keen eagle vision-- wait, you said you rolled shitty and shittier and still got 28? Right. All right, cool. So glancing through your eagle vision, you can see the top of the chamber almost seems to come to a conical shape, and as you look up to the top of it, it emerges into a completely vertical chamber that rises up and out of the central opening of the city of Thomara. As the group of you make your way up into this vertical cavern, we're going to take a break. I need to take a break, myself. That's right. We have the Shadow of War video coming up at this break to give you a glance at this game coming up that we're all part of. If you haven't seen it, or if you have seen it, check it out, anyway. It's pretty awesome. Also, for this week's giveaway, Wyrmwood, we've got a little video for you here to show you what's up and what you can do and try to win it at the break, so pay attention, stick around, and we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. Hello, everyone, and welcome back. All right, so last we left off, you guys were all traveling upward through various means of flight, through a peak in the central cavern chamber in the center of Thomara, the long-dead dwarven city. As you begin to climb upward through this 15-foot-wide or so upward hallway, this cylindrical cavern, you continue upward for about 50 or so feet since passing through the ceiling of this chamber, and then it opens up into a domed room. Immediately, as you fly up, you see a ceiling come up, and you have to coast off to the side. You catch yourself, hovering there as the rest of you guys make your way in there. This domed, mushroom-shaped chamber with a very thin, circular floor around the outside with the hole that you entered at the bottom. Whoever would stand on the edge there would have the opportunity to either leap into or toss something down into this hole that would then drop them right into the center of the city. Not at all. It was a ways off. Currently? Glancing around, you do not see any undead. No, it's about 15 feet wide. The full chamber is maybe 50 or so feet across. About a 20-foot walkway, circular, before the hole in the center. If you glance down and look about the interior of this chamber, it is not natural. It is all carved. If you want to. Grog has it. It's about that big. Not at the moment, no. Okay. It's definitely magical. The blue light from it grows stronger, then weaker. Stronger, then weaker. It has this rhythmic flash to it, like a heart or something that has a pulse to it. Not at all. It's much quicker. It's cold to the touch. It's slower. It's rough. No jeweler's hand has touched it. There are some edges that have flat surfaces; it looks like there have been things that have chipped off the stone. No, it has almost a quartz-like look to it. Elements of it appear to be cloudier or imperfect, and some areas appear to be clearer, and light shines through a little brighter. Yeah, but there is an enchantment. Okay. You don't get a sense of any evil from the stone. No evil coming from the stone. You look really hard into the stone as you hold it to your face, and your eyes almost cross as you glance into the very core source of this pulsating arcane energy. It's bright. It hurts a little bit, and you wince after a while. There's nothing about it that gives you the sense, based on what you've seen both outside and within the titan, that it is of similar essence to the titan, from what you understand. On the edge of the circle? No. It's smooth stone, intently designed to be a drop or opening of some kind. Make an investigation check. You don't see any doorways or passageways. There's a hole that you came through to come into this chamber. Imagine a dome. You're in the chamber. You get vertigo as you stand in the chamber. You look about, and you don't see any exit. Investigation to see if there's any hidden or not-immediately-noticeable exits or entryways. 23. As you do a pass around, looking closely along the wall, you see two small domed doors that have metal rods jammed through, almost like a small barricade that's been placed down on one side of a doorway. However, they are closed from this side. You could. 27? You're both looking at the same one? Neither of you notice any traps. Make a strength check. It is not budging. The lock is the barricading mechanism on it. There is no handle. Not from what you can see, no. The room's pretty simple. The construction of it may be older than most of the things that you've seen in the city below and previous chambers. It seems to be built almost for function rather than ceremony. One thing you do notice, which is interesting as you're glancing around at the side, looking at the ground at the bottom of it, there's a very faint groove in the ground that leads toward the central hole at the base of each of these doorways. No, just the two doors on the opposite sides. Opposite sides of the chamber, yeah. Correct. 25. It immediately comes off to the side, and when you lift it, you realize that it's bolted to the wall to the side, and it curves upward and holds it in place. This is meant to stay in place. As you lift it up, the door is now unbarred. It looks like it opens towards you, yes. Okay. We'll say as you entered and landed, the door on the left. Okay, so as you pull that one open, immediately preparing yourself, a couple of rocks tumble out, and it reveals a packed-tight mass of earth and stone. 20. (metal creaking) It lifts over without an issue. Pull the door open. You lift it open, and a few rocks tumble past, but a slick rockslide incline continues upward, dry, no water. Nothing. It's about four feet wide or so. Yeah, you can fit in. When I say slide, I mean smooth stone, like an actual slide. You get the sense that there was some sort of aqueduct-type scenario. You envision that at one point, long ago, this would have been a beautiful waterfall in the center of Thomara's chamber that has now dried. So Grog is the caboose. Keyleth in front of Grog? All right. Who's in front of them? Scanlan. Then Pike. All righty. So you've got both of those. Oh, I totally forgot there was a winner for this. I'm sorry. I should do that, huh? RyanBoo, you're the winner. Danoba will contact you and get you your cherry deck box soon. Now that's taken care of. You make your way up the slide, and it's relatively gradual; it's not too heavy of a scenario. You make your way upward, upward, and about 30 or so feet up, the walls of it separate out and appear to break into two smaller chambers, like this was a breaking point where a person could enter from either side to check on the flow or do maintenance on whatever the ducting was. The slide continues upward. Vax and Vex, you get to that portion and lift yourselves up, looking right to left. It ends on one side, and it looks like there's some dry-rotted wooden crates, and to the left, a staircase. It's a brief landing for somebody who needed to come in and do repairs, maintenance, or checking on the flow of water. They will. What do you do? So you lift the crates. There are only two of them, and they're relatively small two feet by two feet. The first one, you open up and look inside, and there are rusted tools. Long iron bars; some appear wrench-like. It looks like whatever mechanism was used as the early aqueduct system for this, this box contained materials, though you're uncertain as to what their application was into this system. You go and grab a few. There's five rods of varying widths. Some appear to be ratchet elements, where they fit around different metal caps. There's one that looks like a wide crowbar that's used to hold or wedge elements separately. Very basic; nothing too intricate. No, the next crate you open up and it looks mostly empty, but it looks like there are a couple of rows of small glass vials, half of which appear to be broken or shattered, but there are three remaining, with a faint bluish liquid on the inside. These don't resemble healing potions, actually. They do. You've seen these before. All righty. No. All right. Heading up the stairs in the same order? All righty. 30 to 40 feet in advance? Okay. You make your way up the staircase. Roll stealth. Okay. Are you stealthing, as well? Are you going along with him, or are you letting him go ahead? All right, so the two of you very quietly make your way ahead, the rest of you keeping within, I assume, the range of the ring. The staircase doesn't go too far; it goes maybe 30 or so feet, and then it opens into a hallway. You're stepping up through the floor, and there's about ten feet behind and to the sides of you. There's a slight element of a cave-in to the left of you, where part of the stone seems to have collapsed, and a bit of the earth has filtered in. It's a smooth stone floor that's tiled in places. The walls continue on, a somewhat trapezoid-like angle. There are other portions of the wall that have caved in on certain elements, and there are two large pillars that mark the center of this hallway, either used as support beams or decorative, but they go from ceiling to floor. You glance over the side, and you see a distant staircase on the far end of this hallway, maybe 80 to 90 feet from where you are, if not further, with larger stairs. You've seen some of the dwarven-based ones. These seem to be a little more grandiose as they lift up higher and higher. Part of that hallway is completely collapsed; it's a wall of fallen earth. But there's a hole carved out of it. There's a tunnel that has been pushed through. You hear this very faint buzzing sound. Very faint. This (low humming). A very faint vibration. You also see a figure stepping from a side wall crevasse, an opening of a similar shape to the circular opening in the wall. You guys were stealthed. You re-hide, while stealthed. You hear some muttering across the way in the shadow. There's a faint source of light that looks like a glowing orb that's floating in the air above and giving this faint greenish-white light; a bauble that's giving a light source to whatever this cloaked figure is. You hear the muttering, and two more walk down the staircase to join them. You recognize, from the faint bit of light, a glimmer of metal around the neck of one of them that is the symbol, the hole with the metallic fork. You see Remnants of Vecna. You don't see any faces. You see a glimmer or shine on the metal from the light cast from the bauble. MARISHA and You see hooded figures that are walking in. There are three of them. Okay. So which ones are you aiming at? There's three of them. Okay, the first one you saw just stepped out of the center of the hall there, and then the two others walked down the hallway. You're aiming at the one that came out of the side of the wall? There's been discussion over the shoulder. They seem to be aware of each other's presence, but they haven't come together to engage as three in the same area yet. Okay. All righty. This is true. Yes, you can Hunter's Mark him. Well, no, you still have to roll to see if you aim. You have advantage on the attack. Okay, both hit. Okay, that hits. Okay, all three hit. No, the first one crits. They're not all crit. Once you hit the person they are no longer surprised. Well, it's an auto-crit, so lightning damage is doubled, as well. Right, plus whatever your sneak attack damage is. 52 points of damage. This is on the other guy; the second guy. So 48 on your critical. 20, ten. Okay, then. All righty. Are you shooting the same guy, Laura? No, he did not go down. That does it. Total on that round from you would have been 110 with the first hit between the two of you on the first guy and the second hit. So the one that was off to the side, who is leaning forward, hunched over, and looking over his shoulder. The first arrow goes into the throat and he reaches for it, and as he does, the dagger (impact) into the face, into the socket where there is no eye, which then looks up with a groan. Finger goes out as soon as the second arrow takes the other eye out, and then falls back down to the ground, dead. Pointing your direction like (gasping). As soon as the two other daggers go into the other two, they both see the one crumple to the ground, the two left there, the guy who is standing at the stairs-- Sure, into which one? All righty. DC of 15? Yeah, that succeeds. 16. Nothing, yeah. As soon as the one crumples to the ground and the two other daggers into the other two that are there, they (grunt). They see the one fall. The one in the center of the chamber glances over his shoulder and says, "It seems I'm the lucky one. Odell, run back and tell that Viskorad found "sneaky prey." The one immediately to the left begins to run up the stairs. Nope because you took your turn. This is their reaction. We're about to roll initiative, motherfuckers. Everyone else is still down the stairs right there. Apparently not, as recent events have shown. So now, I need everyone to roll initiative. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? All righty. 13 for Pike? No, that's Vax. What's Pike? Pike is clocking in as Pike. All righty, so beginning of the round. Vex, you're up first. What's he have to roll for that? That's an eight. He is running up the stairs. And then drags him. All right. Go for it. 32, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. No. 28. All right, that hits. Roll damage. Grog, you're up next. You're in the back of the marching order. No. So you've got at least 25, 30 feet before you can get to the top there. Nice. All right, 36 points of damage in one round. The arrows (impact) as he is pulled through the rock and rubble by the Grasping Vine that is currently wrapped around him. Okay, go for it. Grog, you're up. Sure, so at 30 feet, it'll get you right at the edge of the stairs. Still have 20 more feet you can go. All right, so that's there. To close the gap there? Sure. You may, yeah. All righty, so at that point you go into a rage. All righty, so now it is his turn. Okay, as soon as you rush up into his face, you hear the individual, the hood pulled back at this point. You see shaved entirely bald, older, late fifties to early sixties, missing one eye, but in that socket you can see a faint spark of arcane energy. Shouting out amongst the space, "Glory and reward is mine! Wraiths, go forth and devour, while I bring oblivion to them." As you rush up, is going to cast Wall of Force right in the space between there. It pushes you back five feet, and now there is a Wall of Force that is blocking that side of the hallway from where he is. Sorry, the entirety of this chamber is the Wall of Force. As soon as the wall appears there, you see a slight short barrier that forces you back about five feet. You catch your back foot, and now as the barrier finishes shimmering, it's invisible. Looks like there's nothing there. He's grinning from there. He glances over to the right into the hole in the wall where his friend was earlier. As he glances over, he goes, "Odell, bring me the sphere." You hear the humming noise, the faint humming vibrational noise, now louder. That ends his turn. Actually, he is going to take a step back up onto the stairs there. Scanlan, you're up. You're 20 feet down from the staircase. That'll get you right up to about there, with five-foot steps. You don't. You actually rush up, and it looks like it's an open hallway right now. Which one? That's true, so it'll be that guy. All right. You'll have to move off to the side, or else you're going to hit Grog with the Lightning Bolt. It's going to be hard. He's up a few steps, though. You could probably aim it above and hit him without Grog. I'll let you do that. As you get to the top, you release your bolt of lightning. (crackling noise) It arcs forward, and as it gets right above Grog, it hits something solid and splinters. No effect. You don't know; you don't see it. He saw a faint shimmer because something pushed him out of this space, but right now you have no visual perspective. That's going to end Scanlan's turn, I believe. All right. The other guy, who is currently held by the vine that falls limp off of his body-- Well, it doesn't wrap around or keep him held. Every turn, it can pull something towards it. He's going to glance over towards the side, listening to what the other, Viskorad, said. Okay. At which point, that humming gets louder and louder. You watch as a two-foot-wide black sphere of void-like nothingness comes carving through the stone wall immediately to the left of you, Grog, leaving a completely disintegrated form roughly the shape of its sphere. It's coasting in towards and into your space. So Grog, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. 16, okay. You manage to duck out of the way as it enters the space, and you can feel this weird energy. Your beard is almost being pulled toward it, and the loud vibrating (vibration) hum before you. It's like staring into an absolute nothingness. The guy who is being pulled by her is concentrating and moving it over, at that point. All right. That's going to end his turn. Keyleth, you're up. I've got to rest for a second. Controlling enemies hurt. It's okay. We'll see how I can do it. Keyleth, your turn. You're about 25 feet down the staircase. Okay. That gets you up to the edge there, where the staircase stops. It's a black sphere of void. One of the guys is looking focused, concentrating on it, and it moved under his willpower in the direction of Grog. Okay. Hold on a second. As you attempt to concentrate and create a Wall of Stone, you are unable to pick a point or an area beyond the barrier. It doesn't fizzle the spell. You have no area to release it on. The barrier, while invisible, is preventing targeting a specific area to create. You've used your action to attempt it. You didn't lose the spell slot, but you spent your action attempting it. No, the orb is on the other side. You're targeting on the other side of the wall. It has to be in visual range for you to create it to happen. All right. That's Keyleth's turn. No, sorry. At the end of Keyleth's turn, you hear this (breathy noise) sound as these two shadowy figures emerge from the nearby walls. This one hovers over and lands behind Keyleth. And it's going to attempt, as it seems to shift through the pillar-- This one here stays within the pillar, and it reaches out, as it's incorporeal, and strikes at you. That is 24 against you, Vex. All right. You suffer 21 points of necrotic damage, and I need you to succeed on a constitution saving throw. All right. Well, you suffer the 21 points of necrotic damage, and your maximum hit points are reduced by 21. Until you finish a long rest. The other one's striking at you, Keyleth. That is a 16. That's right, because your AC is 17 with the ring. All right. Cool. Technically, leveling up didn't affect your AC; however, calculating the magic item did. I know. So as it swings toward you, its claw streaks out and has no effect. And then they both vanish. You want to take an attack of opportunity? You can if you'd like to. War Caster. You can attempt to cast a spell on it as a reaction, if you'd like. This one's going to back away into the wall, as well. Vex, you also get an attack of opportunity if you'd like, with a melee weapon. No, it can be an action. That's part of the War Caster feat. Then yeah, you're fine. They both are now backing up. You can't hear them. No worries. You do! Then you take ten points of necrotic damage, and your hit points are only reduced by ten. Okay. It's right next to you. She has the feat where she can cast the spell as a reaction when something comes at her. Just know that whatever you're hitting is right next to you. So if it explodes, does any radial damage, it might come back and hit you. Okay. Go ahead and roll to hit. Tonight is ridiculous. All right, so as you release the Ice Knife, it slams into the wall. No effect. However, it does still explode, right? So it does what damage? 2d6 damage. So go ahead and roll 2d6. To both you and the creature? All right, so you take seven points of ice damage, and it hits the wraith. However, the cold damage doesn't seem to have as much of an effect as you would expect. That ends their turn. Percival, you're up. All right. You glance up and get just beyond where Keyleth is, pushing past. You have five more feet you can move if you want. Okay, go for it. Which guy? Okay. (gunshot) You fire a shot and watch as it detonates against some sort of invisible wall that you didn't see was there before, scattering helplessly against the space in the air. All right, you get right back down to right there. That ends your turn, Percy? Vax, you're up. Okay, good to know. Perfect. Ending Vax's turn, Pike's up. She can get right up to here, and that's as much as she can move. She can still cast a spell if she wants to. She's going to cast Beacon of Hope for all of the allies within range, which is 30 feet. It affects everybody at that moment, and then you carry it with you. Okay. So ending Pike's turn brings us to the top. Vex, your turn. Okay, so you quickly throw it around your neck. Currently, yeah. This is true. Correct. He does not make his save. He isn't moved. It wraps around him and pulls him tight against the area where it is again, but it's barely shifted him, so he gets moved a few inches, but doesn't seem to affect him at all. Yep, and movement. Sounds good. All right, Vex, that's the end of your turn. Grog, you're up. All right, you slam face-first into a stone wall. Immediately, the anger fills through you, the familiar smell and taste of iron-like blood as you seem to have busted some element of your nose in the impact. No. Okay. That ends your turn, Grog? This guy turns around and begins to make his way up the stairs and move double dash, and disappears up the stairs. That finishes that guy's turn. It is now Scanlan's turn. Oh my god, that was not my intent in creating this encounter. Take your d12 inspiration die. The wording is important on this. I've had to look this up very carefully. With elements like this wall, it's a targeting thing. You cannot target something that is in full cover, total cover, which being behind a wall is. Teleportation, however, you're the target and Dimension Door and Teleport is unaffected by that. You saw him run away, you just don't know where he is at the moment. Not from where you were over there. All right, so you Dimension Door there. That's your action. That's the end of your turn. At which point, Odell, who's standing there currently, is physically sweating, concentrating on this sphere right now. Looks over and sees you appear and goes, "Viskorad, the little one made it through!" At which point, you glance over your shoulder and you can see that the darting, cloaked one stops and spins and faces towards you. That's as far as they can get. However, it completely disintegrates the central pillar. It is obliterated, like it lays with a top part and a bottom part, but wherever the sphere passes through, about a good six inches around it is turned to dust and is gone. He's then going to go back around-- TALIESIN and No, it doesn't grapple. It just moves things toward it. He's backing up, and he's looking over at the sphere, concentrating on it. You can see the beads of sweat pouring down his face, and he's glancing over nervously at you, but smiling at the idea that his friend is returning. That's going to end his turn. Keyleth, you're up. Okay. As you focus and concentrate, you release the essence of the Dispel Magic, the burst of arcane energy casts forth, and falls harmlessly against the exterior. LAURA and Didn't appear to have an effect on the wall. You can move. No effect on it. That finishes your turn, Keyleth? They take minor damage being in the physical wall, but that's fine with them. Emerge. All right, so the one near Keyleth. Go for it. The wall. That hits. You took out one of three between just two of your surprise attacks. Go for it. As it emerges from the wall, its blackened shadow form giving off small tendrils of dark black ether and abyssal energy, it reaches out to strike at Keyleth, and you immediately release two daggers in its direction. Both hit its form. It gives this pained sucking sound as you watch its beady, burning red eyes seem to blink in the pain, and it angrily lashes out at Keyleth, its form somewhat more disparate and unable to maintain a corporeal form. No, she cast Beacon of Hope. So attacking against Pike. That is 21. What's her AC? 23. It tries to strike at her, and she manages to take the shield and bash it away. The light from her mace arcing around causes it to flinch, and it actually strikes a little too wide. The one that's arcing towards you, Keyleth, that is fucking 16 again! Yeah, because it's plus six to hit. Okay. You dodge out of the way a second time. It's then going to move back into the wall over here. He's going to move back into the wall, as well. Both of you get reactions. All right, so roll an attack on that one. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 27 points of damage? If it has 25 hit points or fewer after taking the damage, which it does not. That one has not taken a whole bunch of damage. However, it did take a relatively decent hit, and you watch as she swings the mace out. As it pulls back, where the mace impacts, it seems to almost evaporate part of the shadowed form, and it shrieks as it disappears into the wall. No, the one that you hit is where she was. Correct. Keyleth, are you doing anything as a reaction? Natural 20, so it takes half damage. 16 points of fire damage reduced by half which is eight, and even that impact seems to be lessened by the wraith-like being seemingly absorbing some of the heat from the impact. All righty, that ends their turn. Percy, you're up. Okay, so as soon as an enemy reveals itself that you can shoot. Okay, that ends Percy's turn. Vax, you're up. All right, Pike's turn. Whereabouts? On the wall here? Okay, she's holding her physical attack? Okay, that ends Pikes turn. Vex, you're up. Yeah, that's you, actually. Please do. I appreciate it. Okay. All righty. Grog, you're up. You do. That's a 15. What's your DC on that? He succeeds, unfortunately. It slaps out towards him and this time-- I forget the adage, but never mind. He dodges it. (laughter) Blame it on the painkillers. The vine whooshes out and tries to wrap around him. He dodges out of the way, and it slaps harmlessly against the stone and withdraws back into the small crack of stone where it's based. That ends your turn. All right, Grog. Looking off, it looks like the orb was being used to carve a path. No. It was maybe 25 or so feet down and was hitting solid rock. You need to keep up on that, girl. It hits him against the wall. He's still glancing over his shoulder. No, he can still look over the rubble there. If that's what it does. Not with the way the Wall of Force is placed, no. Okay, ending Grog's turn. At the top of the staircase-- This guy here, we'll say he got about that far from the stairs and continues that way. He glances down at the staircase where you are, and as he begins to smile, the flash in the eye begins to glow briefly, a pale comparison to Vecna, but there is an essence of energy lent to him from his worship of the newly risen deity. He begins to speak in a language you don't understand. And as he speaks one alien word-- how many hit points do you have? Fuck, okay. I miscalculated. No effect. Power Word Stun. He assumed the smaller stature of the gnome was not as hearty. He's going to continue moving upward, 30 feet back up into the staircase as he keeps focusing on you. That's going to end his turn. You're up, Scanlan. It's hard to tell at this point. You'd say somewhere between 50, 60, 70 feet. Between 50 and 70 feet from you. LAURA and Okay, so that puts you up here. Yeah, you'd say he's about 40 feet from you. Because that tactically made sense. All right, so that is 8d8 force damage if you hit. Roll a melee spell attack. LAURA and 18 hits. He's a caster; he doesn't have a lot of armor. All right, so roll 8d8 force damage. 40 points of force damage. All right, that's a 20 DC concentration check. 16. No. No, you don't see it. But Grog would feel it. Grog is sitting there waiting for something, as Bigby's Hand full-on sucker punches him in the body, and he slams against the steps and has to shake his head as he glances at the giant fist and down at you. If you want to do a bonus action, you can't do Bigby's Hand again. Sure. I'll let you do that. Roll an attack roll, just to aim it. What are you throwing? He pulls one of these jeweled daggers that he wore and throws it behind, and Grog, you watch as this dagger passes through. Which guy? The who Bigby's Hand just punched? Okay, he is about 120 feet. Both hit. So as you fire those two shots, the echoing noise of Bad News's explosions echoes through the hallway and stairway above. Vex. 22 does hit. Nice. Gotcha. That hits. All right, nice. The guy who's controlling the sphere, after the first arrow strikes him right in the chest, he looks and starts to run up the stairway, and as it does, you take aim with your second arrow and release it, and it hits the base of the skull. You watch him go down one of the stairs. The sphere is still there. That finishes Scanlan's turn, right? Keyleth's turn. Yeah, you see him. You have a 60-foot range of darkvision? Yeah, I'd say you could probably see him okay. A little bit. It's very dark, but barely. As you rush up, from the edge of the staff, a bead of red light engulfs the hallway above in flames. You see a split second of him and Bigby's Hand's outlines before fire engulfs the space. Go ahead and roll damage on that. That's a natural 20 on his save, so he gets half damage. I didn't even roll with advantage on that one. Let's check. Yep, it has no bonus, so you roll a d20 and see what you get. Yeah, it has your hit points. That ends Keyleth's turn. He's still alive. This one's going to move through the hallway here. This one's going after Pike. So Pike gets her attack, and so do you. 20 to hit? That hits. Nope, just the action. 22. All right. And what's the saving throw? 15. Four, no. As it comes out of the wall reaching for Pike, she swings wide with the mace. As it slams into it, there's a flash of divine energy. Her eyes seem to pulse with a matching burst of radiant power, and as it hits, the creature squeals and squeaks as the light from the mace actually dashes it from this existence or any other. That is scattered into nothing from the shadows. 18 hits. One misses. 39 for the second attack. All righty. And with that, as this one reaches out towards Keyleth, your dagger strikes the back of its body, and as it impacts, you watch as its shadowed form turns into nothing but a splash of dark, half-existing ether, which then fades as your dagger clatters to the ground motionless. All right. Percival, you're up. All righty. 24 hits. 26 points of damage. (gunshot) The echo of the impact as you watch part of the lower jaw and throat of the cultist in the robe gets blown apart. He stumbles back onto the steps that he had barely started to get up off to and you watch and you hear the horrible coughing sound as his last moments of life are robbed of it as it tries to get back up and then stumbles right back and bleeds out against the steps. It's hovering there in the center of the hall. Everyone is barely still within 60 feet. Okay. (splat) Other eye is destroyed. Do you? Okay. Bigby's Hand reaches over and grabs towards the sphere, and as Bigby's form attempts to grasp the chaotic point of destructive energy, Bigby's Hand suffers 26 points of force damage and is forced to pull back. But cannot grasp it. Cannot move it. (electrical shock) That's the one she's rifling through. Oh, the first guy. Yeah. Okay, gotcha. Okay. Interestingly enough, based on the current scenario and what preparation has been, no money on them. They have no worldly possessions that are what you consider of use. They each carry a gnarled wooden wand that they've been using as a focus for their spellcasting. Beyond that, they have nothing on them except for the one that you shot has, you notice the left hand is withered and gray, the skin is pulled taut against the bone. But beyond that, there is no other possessions on them, beyond the symbol of Vecna they wear around their throat. Okay. You tear it off. So you take every set of robes. And these robes are different from the robes that you had seen in Thar Amphala before. These appear to be a little more ornate. They seem to have a little higher station, which is why it's interesting that beyond the robes and some basic undergarments and the wand, they have nothing on them. They are a sheer conduit of their own power. Looking around the pathway, you can see that a lot of the staircase probably was more caved in, but has been cleared out by the movement of this orb. It's being used as a form of excavation tool as they push deeper into the catacombs here. Yeah, it came out of that little gap on the side there. Are you trying to exert your will on the sphere? Make an intelligence arcana check. Just an arcana check. 19? And you're standing right next to the sphere to push your will into it? Okay. As you stand there, you focus on the orb, and you can feel your will push past the event horizon of the sphere. However, the force is too strong inside, and as you pull out of it instinctually, it moves towards you. (screaming) Yeah. Ten feet. Which is right where you are, so I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. 11? The orb pulls back and slams into the edge of his gnomish face and chest, and you watch as his flesh is pulled towards and disintegrated at the exterior of the sphere. You take 30 points of force damage, and it's currently now right in your square, right up against you. Okay. So you all push him out of the way and the vine pulls him. Yeah, you look a little rough. You got the sense that there is a way to exert your will over it the way these guys did, but in that moment, your will faltered, and you didn't quite understand the nature of the sphere. This is an ability check, yes. No. It was an arcana check. Okay. Okay. And everyone else backs up a little. Okay. So make your roll first, as you begin to focus and exert your will towards it. You add it on to it. Up to you. Yes. Okay. As you this time begin to push your will towards the sphere, you push past the event horizon, your consciousness connects with some-- Some ancient space of the void within this blackened circle. As it connects-- What's your intelligence modifier? Okay. What are you trying to will it to do? It moves up ten feet and then it hits, devours the stone above it to create this small tunnel right directly above. You watched him push it, and it went about 15 feet. It's a very slow-moving ball of destruction. They don't have to. It can't tell a lie, as you're discussing this. Technically, a creature would be unable to lie in the area. Let me double-check for you. I mean, it does have to answer. (chuckling) Autozone of Truth? All right. So which one? Okay. So you create the Zone of Truth, you create the area, the radial space where the divine energy kicks in and the compulsion to not lie remains within. And then Pike-- On which corpse? There are three corpses. There are three, technically. Okay. It's relative, but the guy who was controlling the sphere seemed to be at least different. All right. So as Pike takes the time to focus and recite the incantation, she grabs her holy symbol and focuses and speaks aloud the words in Celestial of the blessing of Sarenrae. And as she completes the ritual, she suddenly screams out in pain and grabs at her head and falls to her knees. No effect. And she suffers-- On 6d6, I rolled four sixes and a five. That's 31 points of psychic damage to Pike. She's shaking and grabbing her face and rubbing her eyes, and it takes her a moment to come back to you and she looks around, and you can see a faint bit of blood slightly dripping out of the corner of her eyes. She's like, "All I heard was laughter." 31. One by one, you grab and take the corpses and thrust them towards the sphere, as they immediately crumple, fold and get pulled in, turned to nothingness, disappearing into the black void. There are elements of the way the sphere acts and manipulates things that remind you of the siphons, though differently. It's more violent in some ways, and it is its own contained magical entity. With each body, it vanishes in the sphere, and you all sit there for a moment taking a breath and deciding the next order of business in traversing the insides of this titan. And that's where we'll end tonight's game, because it's 1130. It's great. Sorry. But yeah, missed you guys. We'll be back next week, pick up from here, see as the final charge gets closer and closer. What will you guys do next time? In the meantime, rest well, don't forget, if you can, to give to the Red Cross to help support the victims of recent hurricane battering in the US. Shadow of War coming out on October 10th.