Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Glad you could join us for what is essentially the final and epilogue episode of our five-year campaign. We're excited you guys could come join us. We will return. We're looking probably at the start of the new year with a new campaign, new characters. Yeah, we'll have fun stuff to break it up and give us some time to let off some steam in the meantime. But before we get into tonight's game, let's get through some quick announcements. First off, we wanted to give a shout out. If you guys haven't seen it yet, Shadow of War just came out, the sequel to Shadow of Mordor. A bunch of us have worked on it and if you haven't seen, we had the opportunity to do a cool thing with WB Games and the folks at Monolith. We did a Shadow of War one-shot that was uploaded as a two-parter. It was a lot of fun. We had Sam, Laura, Travis, and the illustrious Darin De Paul as our four orcs and/or olog-hai, charging their way through Mordor in hopes of victory spoils and all that. So I recommend checking it out if you haven't yet. Merch update, Laura? If you guys haven't seen Liam's Gollum in the games, it's the most ridiculous-- Awesome. Well, thank you for the follow-up on that, Liam. Laura? Can you give a teaser flip of any pages? Finishing up shooting on Blindspot. So she'll pop in when she can. There you go. Also immune to poison. Good job. Perfect! So other updates. We are officially announcing the second edition of Vox Machina Origins, the Critical Role comic. It's going to be available October 18th, so look for that on all your great comic book-- Comixology, the Dark Horse app, and all the other places that I can't think of right now. But yeah, so super exciting. This one starts bringing in some of the other members of Vox Machina who didn't show up in the first issue. So take a look at it, hope you guys enjoy. Let's see. Other quick announcements. Wednesday Club, Taliesin, you have coming up? Liam likes things that are big and black. Then you have something on Friday, as well? Next time you do it, you do whatever it's called, and then in parentheses Laura Your Goth, or Goth Your Laura. All right. To finish this up, let's see. I forgot to mention it last week, but those of you guys who have been playing the Telltale Batman game, the new Pact episode came out recently with Harley Quinn and Bane, and I play Mr. Freeze! It's been a lot of fun, and I've been continuously recording on it. Hope you guys enjoy more fun to come with that delightful character. It's true. Then you guys had a Sagas of Sundry announcement? Thanks for keeping tally. Like a raccoon that can't find a river, I go through the motions of washing my food. All right. Couple of other things. It is still Sub-tober, because why not? That means if you haven't had the opportunity to subscribe to any of the Twitch streams that you're a fan of, you can do so half off until the 18th. So you can do that up until the 18th and then get the comic the same day, I guess. And since this is the final episode of the campaign, I wanted to give a shout out to all our fantastic crew. Wonderful people who have worked their ass off to stay here late every Thursday. We have Maxwell James, Dani Carr, Jason Corey, Ryan Green, Selina Ruth, Chris Wilmont, Zach Wilson, Sax Carr, Mark Donica, Anthony Videsco, Courtney Kraft, Ian Kagihara, Chris Lockey, Holly Pearson, Ryan Porter, Denise, J. Andrew Bernard, Ed Lopez, Rachel Romero, all of our fantastic mods who have done an incredible job maintaining the chaos that is Twitch, you guys are fantastic. We really appreciate all the hard work you guys put into it, and many, many more. The entire community, we can't even begin to express-- Yes, I did. Wait, Fernando. Someone didn't put Fernando on the list! Correct, thank you guys so much for all your hard work! Nope, I think we've stretched the audience's patience enough. Let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] You were real late on the draw, but this is the night to do it. I guess. It was perfect. Precisely when you mean to. All right. Last we left off, Vox Machina, through their trials and tribulations, had eventually come to realize the machinations of Vecna, who ascended into godhood, transported his city from the Shadowfell of Thar Amphala to the top, right above a long-dead earth primordial titan, rising it and making its way toward Vasselheim, the Dawn City, the beginning of creation. You battled your way through its innards, up within the arcane dome that protected it, managed to defeat one half of the long-frustrating Briarwood coupling, fought your way to the top of the tower Entropis, did battle with Vecna, the Ascended. Through careful planning and sacrifices, you managed to apply the trammels, complete the sealing ritual, and send Vecna screaming across the Divine Gate, to be sealed to wherever his divine demi-plane resides on the other side. As you all fell down upon the ruined, floating platforms of the tower Entropis, you glanced over as your recent ally, Arkhan the Cruel, proceeded to sever his own hand, attach the Hand of Vecna, and catching you off guard, transport himself beyond your current reach. This beat of intensity releasing slowly, the adrenaline still wearing its way through your veins, you sit in silence, looking about, amazed that you all still stand after such a confrontation. It's at that moment you hear this distant explosion. Glancing off the side of the platform you're on, you can still see, while the large titan, one of four arms raised, attempting to come and destroy all of you with one large blow, frozen in place, there still remains the dregs of Vecna's army down below throughout the city of Vasselheim, where battles are still raging in the streets. You can still see wyvern-riders and eagle-riders in the sky, though it appears that the gloomstalkers that once paraded across the skies over the city have been destroyed or scattered at the loss of the ascended god that summoned them. You also still are aware of the body of your sister, residing on the platforms below. It's at this point that you notice that the green tendrils of energy that hold the Tower of Entropis together begin to flicker and subside. The platforms that were slowly drifting, listing, suddenly begin to shift. Okay. You guys dart over the side. What are the rest of you guys doing? All right. You hold in place. You feel the platform give beneath you. Your toes are now dangling in the middle of the air as you watch the cracked-open right side of Entropis' peak begin to topple and fall beneath you. What are you guys doing? You grab him. Pike still has some time. She still has her wings. By the way, the platform is now giving underneath you. As you're having this conversation about the carpet, you're dragged down over the side as the broom rockets off, Vex's mind currently focused more on other things. So the last thing you hear from Percival is, "Could you throw--" as he darts off to the side. The platform is beginning to give as the flickering green energy begins to fade. You guys both dart beneath where you can see upon the rubble, where the top staircase had broken apart from the original sundering of the top of the tower. There you see, still lying there, lifeless, the body of Velora. You rush in there just as the platform's collapsing. I need you both to make acrobatics checks on this to see how quickly you can maneuver in and out. Both of you guys rush inward. As some of the various chunks are beginning to fall and separate from underneath the platforms, you begin to dart through, dodge, and you grab and lift her body. Both of you cradling her, and at a moment's notice, deciding which one of you's going to take her. All right. Vax, you go ahead and dart off. You careen back out of the way as the central, large platform crashes down with a heavy impact. You can see it crumble, then break, and three separate pieces beginning to tumble. The tower then gives in from underneath and begins to collapse downward, almost like a controlled demolition. As it begins to fall and topple down below, you all gather your thoughts and consider other allies that were recently-- A short time ago, yes. What's the flying speed of your planetar? Okay. As you, holding Scanlan under your arm, coast down at a speed to the point where now you're actually racing the crumbling of the tower. You're watching the actual cracks as they emerge, as the energy's dissipating, beginning to subside, as your speed overtakes the rate in which it's collapsing. (laughter). The G's are intense, Scanlan. Your eyes are watering, blown back on your face. The Ioun symbol on your forehead is flaring like a spotlight ahead of you. As you rocket down, you glance, you can see there across the rocks at the bottom, two wyverns that are scattered across the rubble, and you see, lying there, the bodies of Kashaw and Zahra. Make a perception check. Make-- You're high up there. That's a long way up. Their bodies are brutalized from the impact. They hit. Well, they're not splatted. You're just now approaching. As you get there, you can hear the rumbling of the tower getting louder. You've barely beaten it. What are you doing? Scanlan, she sets you on the ground as you look over and see the tower (crashing). Okay. As you dive on, you grab both of their limp bodies and pull them under your arms and dart. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, please. 18. You manage to scoot by as one of the large chunks of the base falls over to one side, and as you dart out, wings before you, Scanlan clutched on your back, both their bodies beneath, you can feel the gust of wind from behind as the collapsing wall is pushing all the air in your direction. As you focus down, your wings out, you manage to careen underneath as the shadow that was beginning to fall over you pulls behind, and behind you hear the (boom), the dust pick up, and you guys all look down and watch as the tower finally falls to its final piece of rubble there on the ground. At which point you glance down, and you can see both of them, their eyes roll open, lolling in their face, both Zahra and Kashaw, seemingly conscious. If you guys want to step in? (cheering) Kashaw and Zahra, you've been lying there on the ground for a moment going, "Ow," and as your vision focuses, you watch as the tower begins to collapse downward in your direction. The shadow seems to close over you. And with a flash, something white-feathered and blue shoots past you, grabs you, and you are thrust into the air, carried by the angelic form of Keyleth. You tumble. No, you're healed up; you're fine. The Death Ward brought you guys to one hit point, and then she healed you before she dropped you, so you're fine. You're down in the street level of Thar Amphala. Still on the top of the Titan. Make a perception check. You have no idea. With a strength of 19, and your enlarged size-- No. You get the sense, at this size, that carpet cannot carry you. It was on one of the platforms. At this point, you have both come down now to the base of the tower. At that speed, it took you a while to catch up to the rest of everybody else. So your angelic wing maneuver. Okay. You'll have to get up a little closer to do it, because you're out of range. Yeah. You watch as Zahra, suddenly her cloak extends into two large, leathery bat wings and she flies her way up pretty close to where you are. For a second there, you glance down. Roll a perception check. You see a gloomstalker coming right at you. As you hold the sword out in front, you notice in a second, it's Zahra. But the sword, at this point, as you hold it out in front of you and push back, it goes, "One "part is done. Well played. But he still survives. We'll take him. And we'll take that dragon. The "hand must be destroyed. It's still out there. Together--" And you can fly. You're gliding in the air. (laughter) And you do, it's a slow spiral, and you begin to gimbal backward, and she has to right you a couple times. Make an acrobatics check. 14. Okay. You were rage-hanging? You take 24 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to 12. And three-point landing. You watch as a crater is left beneath where his impact is. The smoke slowly subsides, and Grog's there, fist in the ground, Thor Ragnarok style. You are all now on the ground floor of Thar Amphala. As you glance around-- Okay. Unfortunately, she's been dead longer than a minute, so the spell does not take effect. You don't know how long it's been, or if perhaps your final moments of fucking with her was just enough to push it over the edge-- (laughter) Pike has been slowly flying down. Is it the actual Raise Dead spell? Raise Dead. You can bring someone back to life, yeah. It takes an hour to cast. As you guys take a moment and realize the time, the involvement that would be here to do the spell, you glance about in the streets of Thar Amphala, and what straggling undead and/or cultists seem to have been either trying to scramble back up to the city or hadn't made their way down through or were here as sentinels are frantically trying to escape and being cut down and grabbed by the various eagle riders and the rest of the army that's currently now beginning to swarm in, thanks to the complete falling of the barrier with the sealing of Vecna. You do feel at this moment that you do have some time in Thar Amphala without any immediate danger. Okay. All right. As you guys form a perimeter here at the base of Entropis, the sky now open, the clouds dispelled and scattered, and probably for the first time in weeks, especially from your guys' perspective, Vasselheim sees a sky of blue. The sunlight rains down from above, and the warmth that comes through is very comforting as you begin to clear the space and scrawl out the sigils and glyphs necessary for this Raise Dead ritual. As you're going through the process and you quietly begin to focus, you can see some of the eagle riders and straggling wyvern riders take notice and begin to come close, and then stop and keep a distance, and recognizing the significance of this moment, respectfully stay away. As he draws the last glyph with the tear, that one seems to have an additional flair, a connection, a sparkle of bloodline connectivity between you and the deceased. As you complete the spell, I need you to go ahead and bring to this ritual what you'd like. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d20 for me. Okay. Anybody else? Roll another d20. Okay. Okay. Go ahead and roll a d20 for me. If you want to. Okay. As you complete the ritual, all the sigils in place lighting up, it's unique because you're used to the ritual completed by an acolyte of Sarenrae, in which everything has a glow of warmth to it. This ritual was completed by an acolyte of an entity named Vesh, and as each sigil flares, you watch as they darken into the deepest shadow. It's a yin-yang dichotomy as the spell begins to take effect, until eventually the whole circle becomes pitch black, like the deepest of lightless midnight. At that moment, you watch as Velora's form itself is also cast into shadow and disappears from view. And for a moment, you fear she is gone, before the shadow begins to peel away like a cocoon, and as it tears and rolls back, the subtle sound of sand shifting and paper crackling, you watch as her chest begins to move once more, breathing, her eyes still closed, but life breathes into her lungs once more. With a natural 19. Okay. As Trinket comes out, Trinket is burned and battered, armor dinged up and screwed up, on his face it's askew to one side-- Yeah, he did. All right. "I don't care." And Trinket comes forward to Velora and begins licking her face, and she who is breathing but unconscious, the eye begins to slowly open. "What?" And her eyes open up a little bit, and you can see her skin darkened from the blast and the rubble and the dust that's now begun to settle around the base of Entropis, and she looks up and first sees the lapping tongue of Trinket against her cheek, and giggles and pushes him away a little bit. Then she sees the feather and looks at it and now looks up to see the person that's holding her and looks and meets both of your gazes-- "Hi." "What happened?" She gets quiet for a second, trying to remember, trying to recall. "I'm very tired." And she curls up and pulls tighter around Vex's neck. She pulls back and looks over at you. "Who's this human?" She arranges the situation and looks back at you and goes, (giggles). She pulls back into you and whispers in your ear and says, "He's pretty stupid, isn't he?" She giggles and then sighs into you. Okay. And she passes right out. She is spent. She is exhausted. At this point, you begin to hear distant horns echoing throughout the city streets. Distant, emanating throughout. As you glance over, you haven't heard these horns before. But they sound less like horns of warning and more like horns of victory. Glancing down in the streets, there are still flames and columns of smoke and you can still see scuffles beneath. The siege weaponry attacks against the titan have subsided and it has not moved at all. It is locked in place, a large statuesque-like mountain of an ancient entity now lording over the edge of the Braving Grounds, almost creeping upon the outskirts of the Quad Roads towards the center of the city, leaving a path of destruction in its wake. Most of the Braving Grounds is in tatters but-- And as she completes a secondary Fly spell, these two coast off over the edge of Thar Amphala, down into the center of Vasselheim on their own. At which point, you notice three battle-disheveled wyvern riders that were waiting at the side begin to approach. One of them you recognize as a captain signified by these ivory horns that curl out of the back of the helmet and grow longer than the regular wyvern riders' armor you've encountered. Having stepped off the armored drake that currently waits, shaking its head, large leathery wings dug into the nearby rubble, the warrior approaches, pulling the helmet off, revealing a tumble of braided amber hair with shaved sides and a rather stern-looking woman that you don't recognise. "Vox Machina! I am Captain "Obelin. I would ask, does this shift in tide signify anything? Does the lich still loom about?" "It is done?" "The gods grant their grace upon Vasselheim still. We thank you. Well, there's little time to "celebrate. There's still much to be done, but please bring this information to the Platinum "Sanctuary, to somewhere of significance in the city. This information needs to go out. this will "greatly bolster the ranks, morale of those--" "Oh, we shall." She looks over her shoulder at the other soldiers. Okay. Roll a d20. So as you guys send up your colored Whitestone crest flares into the sky, what do you Skywrite? The wisps of cloud begin to spell across-- Yeah. As it coasts across, you hear this loud echoing (gunshot) as the N in the middle of Vecna seems to dissipate with a little puff as a perfectly aimed bullet from one pistol that does not backfire, because that would have been fucking funny. Roll a performance check. 28. For a man who has only shot a pistol once, he Revolver Ocelots that shit. These flares bursting and slowly descending, coming down and bringing this-- it was a purple flare and what was the color of yours? So gold and purple begin to burn down below, giving this strange atmospheric light to the outside of the large, still titan form as the words across the sky, you begin to hear this low gathering of cheers. Thousands upon thousands upon thousands of voices where you once heard screaming and yelling now join in unison. A rallying cry of victory that crawls across the entirety of Vasselheim around you on all sides. What do you guys want to do? It is considered an object now. All right. So you cast Locate Object and you have a very strong vision of the direction and it's maybe a hundred feet to your left, and it is under quite a bit of rubble. All right. Giving him direction. Rage-digging through, tossing veritable small boulders with one-handed scoops. You guys are having to dodge out of the way as they go flying by and skidding to a halt maybe 50, 60 feet behind him. Go ahead and make an investigation check with advantage, because of his aid. 16. Okay. It takes you a little while, but thanks to Locate Object, you cruise through and you eventually find-- It's been smashed, but it's still intact and there you see the completely cut off, red-scaled, clawed hand of Arkhan the Cruel. The voice creeps into your head. "Take it. Find him. He has to die." Make a religion check with advantage because you still have-- well, the blessing would have worn off. Yeah, Tiamat's very bad. Known as the Scaled Tyrant, she resides in the Nine Hells and is the patron deity of all chromatic dragons. She. The opposite of Bahamut. No. The blessing has faded by now. So you take some ash and charcoal from the nearby rubble and loosely draw the symbol on his forehead. Roll a dexterity check. 14. It's passable. Make a sleight of hand check. 12? Yeah, you guys totally see him. It's the worst example-- Yeah, your wings are gone. Pike's wings are gone. You guys have your broom; you have the carpet. Yeah, you guys would have taken a short rest, at this point. I'll say for the purposes of when you were helping with the ritual that he was casting, because that's an hour long, that would have been a short rest, easy. Not terribly long. Maybe. Okay, and he's used all of his resistances. Yeah. That is a natural 19 plus seven wisdom save. So that's a 26. Natural 19. If you have another spell slot for it. Natural 16 plus seven. So that's a 23. Let me consult the verbiage of-- Okay. All right, cool. And you have a 2nd-level spell slot for this? So as you complete the spell and try to focus as hard as you can on the pants of Lord Sylas Briarwood-- Nothing. He prepared! He knew! "It's the only way they won't find me!" He pulls his tearaways off and chucks them. It's his dominate action. Well, you used the scrying eye before you took the long rest in the Feywild, or was it after? Yeah, that would have been before. Yeah, okay. So you can use it. Okay, you are? That's a natural seven. As you close your eyes and focus, trying desperately to find the location of Sylas Briarwood, your vision pulls back and is thrust past the titan, and there's a flash of movement. You're suddenly seeing trees. You're sensing somewhere in the thick forest of the Vasper Timberlands. And there, you focus on rapidly flapping bat wings. You don't know. He's in the forest somewhere. He's in a deep forest with bits of snow around him. And you're only catching glimpses of it as he goes through the shadowed underbrush. Just trees, endless trees. All right. As you guys are having this conversation, around the corner, you see there's a few of the eagle riders that are getting on their eagle back and flying off. There is one figure that stays behind and that turns around and begins to walk your direction. In the chaos, you hadn't noticed that when Vecna had been dispelled, the force cage that had maintained and locked in J'mon Sa Ord had vanished. You see them turn around and look towards you in humanoid form. They approach with the long, jet-black hair, the darkened skin, the beautiful coal-like ember eyes. Tall, almost as tall as Grog, though lithe in form and simply clothed. J'mon approaches. "Well, I'm certainly "impressed. I apologize to have not been as much help as I had hoped." "It seems to be his forte. Nonetheless, the least I can do is offer you a way into the city." "I would like to speak with the council that remains, as well. Come with me." J'mon turns around and steps about 20 feet away before the wings sprout out of their back and stretch to each side. You see the large brass dragon form expand, the claws (impact) onto the ground. As they turn their head back over their shoulder, the deep voice of the dragon form "Hop on." (bear grunts) Licks the side of your cheek. And closes his eyes, waiting for it. Into the necklace. Okay. Pike climbs up, now wingless. "Thank you." Grabs onto the belt you have across your chest. All right. So do you all climb up onto J'mon's back? All right. J'mon, in Devo'ssa form, then begins to run at a fast speed towards the edge of the city. Eventually, the wings begin to flap, and with one giant thrust of wind, ascends. And once again, you feel the wind rocket through your hair, as was your entry towards the titan. You begin to crest over the edge of Thar Amphala, over the titan, and down towards the center of Vasselheim, the wind roaring past your face, your cloaks whipping behind you. You have a bird's-eye view of the city that you've essentially saved. And really, did so through a quick jaunt to the Feywild. The Braving Grounds still, while in severe disarray and flames still burn, most everything's under control now. Whatever remains of the remnant cultists, warriors, and undead have either been destroyed, captured, or run out of the city. As you pick up 40, 50 feet over the rooftops, you see as hundreds of survivors have haphazardly armed Bastions, as civilians of Vasselheim have picked up whatever arms were available, of soldiers in the streets, children holding the hands of their families, all glance up and point at the majestic brass dragon that coasts not more than maybe 40, 50 feet ahead, signifying once more a symbol of hope and victory. You hear the shouts behind you. As you begin to make your way around the Heaven's Stair mountain and then up, gliding over the steps leading up towards the platinum sanctuary. As you begin to glide up, you can see the steps are littered with broken bone, splatters of blood, broken bodies and silvered armor, and familiar black sludge, connoting the remains of slain gloomstalkers. The immediate ground conflict is over here and has been for some time. The stillness is now occupied with clusters of wounded riders and platinum warriors that now rest atop the apex of the stair and the sanctuary platform itself before you approach the entryway in the pillars. As you ascend, floating up, Devo'ssa lands right at the top of the stair as all the soldiers and medics who are in the process of handling the wounded, gathering the dead, all stop and look at the majestic brass dragon form as they lower themselves to allow each of you to carefully step off. As you do, you watch as the chatter, the conversation, the quiver of worry, the intensity of the recovery, comes to stillness as each of the soldiers, even those who have seen better days, stand up with a look of acknowledgment, greeting you as you arrive, and all give a respectful bow of the head or kneel to you as you approach and pass by. In the stillness, you begin to walk towards the opening of the sanctuary, the doors open already, and glance over your shoulder to see that J'mon has retaken their human form and is now walking at your side. Entering the sanctuary, you can see folks are rushing around a bit, and they notice your arrival, as well, but are also trying to make sure that everything is accounted for, and there's a bit of hustle and bustle. The old Scalebearer Yon, who greeted you first to Vasselheim, approaches quickly. "Oh, goodness me! Hello? You're well. You've looked better, but so have we. That's fine. "I have questions to ask. But perhaps it's best that-- come with me." And darts back towards the central meeting chambers of the Platinum Sanctuary. You can see the circle of pillars that surround the wide marbled floors of the center chamber where all these council meetings have previously taken place. You can see battle has taken place here. While most of the bodies or the wounded or dead have been removed at this point, you can see there are elements of chipped and broken stone and marble. You can see scattered remains and blood stains at points towards the entryway. But most of it appears to have been halted at the entryway. All of the combat has halted within the sanctuary. Glancing past, you can see most of the council you met last is not here. They're probably handling their various portions of the city. But you do see amongst a number of inner guardians of the sanctuary Highbearer Vord, who himself looks like he's seen a bit of a fray, and Allura Vysoren to his side. Both harried, but alive. As soon as you begin to approach, their conversation comes to a halt. As Allura turns and sees you all, her face brightens and she immediately rushes up, tossing any sort of formalities to the side, and runs up. Before she can give you a hug, she sees the child in your arms. "I'm so glad." She pulls you in, and you all bundle into this big group hug, heaving breaths of relief cascade through your grouping. You hear the throat clear behind as Vord goes, (clears throat). "I assume she's well. She's been doing what she does best, which is wander the streets, "destroying things that she doesn't like. I've been keeping a close eye from a distance as best I can. "She seems all right." "No, why?" "I've done nothing. Word seems to--" And at that point, she gets cut off by Highbearer Vord, who steps forward, his arms crossed. "Word seems to have spread, and I wish not to celebrate "prematurely. I have reports that you were there, that you did battle with this ancient beast. What "is your assurance? What is your confidence that this is indeed over, and we're not lulled into a "false sense of security?" "I recall you mentioning that when we last met." No, that shit shattered. It turned to dust. "That was my good eye!" (laughter) So as you stand here amongst this procession of warriors, people that now look up and don't see Keyleth the druid, they see the Voice of the Tempest. They see one of the as-to-probably-be-remembered saviors of the city and beyond. All eyes are on you as Highbearer Vord steps away. With a wave of cheers that roar from within these marbled halls that echo, boom and reverberate-- Cheers and cries and fists raise and Pike's cheering-- You see Velora pull away from Allura's arm, who's come by to help you carry her, and she (weakly) "Yay." And Allura looks to you with an absolute look of respect and pride. Even the Highbearer seems to be taken by the words. Shit, everyone in the room gets temporary hit points, practically. The sun-glass roof, which currently has been sitting within the shadow of the mountain, the sunlight begins to peak past and glide its way across the marble floor as everyone's cheering and the room now, which once was in shadow of the mountain, is now lit up with sunlight. Now you can see the glittering armor that peeks through the dirt, the grime, the blood, shining and sparkling on each of you, across Pike's beautiful armor, across all the warriors that stand here, across the Scalebearer's design, across your hair. The room is filled with light and though you sense the presence of probably Bahamut, glancing down you can't help but think that this is also the approving glance of Pelor, perhaps a bit of the Everlight. As the cheers begin to fade, the crowd begins to pull away. Conversations progress, thank-yous are given, people come up to you. And eventually you guys begin to step out of the Sanctuary and there you look down across the upper platform, looking down over the city. You can see the Birthheart, the Duskmeadow, pillars of smoke rising up as the sun now hangs high in the sky. A cold sensation takes you in the chest, Vax. A small pain. A second one. And your eyes shoot over across to the Raven's Crest, damaged but still standing. You turn around to look at the rest of your family and as you guys look at his face, in but a flash you can see this dark shape behind him. This looming black cloak, this lithe dress that cascades down into a bell and drags across the ground. And there you see the form of the Raven Queen, porcelain mask, long dark hair behind, as her hands slowly creep over the shoulders of Vax'ildan. In between the two of them? While the lips do not move on this mask, the voice in your head says, "You've done well, but do "not approach. This is not for you." No response. Do you continue to walk? Make a wisdom saving throw. That does not do it. I know. Muscles lock into place and you find yourself held there on your third step. The voice, which is omnipresent in your mind, all about, continues. Soothing. Cold, distant but still soothing. The mask slowly looks down towards you. "You have done well, my champion. The skein of "destiny has tugged in your wake, and even this victory culminates with the crossing of a few "fate-touched souls. By your hand, your bravery, your sacrifice, you ensure a future for all you "love and all who will come to love you and what you've done. You may never know the import of your "time here, but take solace in the knowledge that you will see the ripples of your actions carry "hope for generations to come. My Vax'ildan. It is time. Say your goodbyes, then come join my side." And the hands pull away. She stands there. "He does not lose. The gifts I gave, indeed all of your patrons gave, were so that you," and you watch as her hands extend almost impossibly long around her, "and everyone here still stands. "I understand selfishness. I understand the impulse of mortality. But I would hope that you understand "that the actions that you've allowed Vax'ildan in this sacrifice are far larger. But we made a deal. "With power comes a price." And he turns and walks towards the darkened cloak of his matron. In the darkness of her cloak, you see a brief light, and it's brighter for you. As you walk forward, you see reaching from the light the dark hair, the fair skin, and the wide smile of your mother, Elaina. As she greets you, she says, "I'm so proud." The rest of you watch as her cloak begins to fade like a slowly scattered shadow in creeping sunlight. And as the snowdrop flowers continue with each step, you blink, and it's just feathers. We're going to take a break, we'll be back here in a few minutes, guys. (heavy exhale) Still more of this story to tell. See you guys in a bit. [break] Yeah. As the cold wind subsides and the feathers glide through the wind off the edge of the Silver Talon's Reach, pinnacle of Platinum Sanctuary, you gather your thoughts. Quiet creeps over. All right. What's the save on that? Okay and what's the-- or it just hits and he has to make-- To try and break out of it as an action, right? So as you finish your statement, Percival throws an orb at you and it expands, locks you up into this cage of metal bars and claws and chains, and you're locked in place, unable to move. Make an investigation check. It's mine now. (laughter) Hello, next campaign. You're on the platform outside. That would be either Highbearer Vord or the one you met earlier. As you step back into the Platinum Sanctuary, the voice creeps in your head. "I know "not what you're thinking, but know together we are more powerful than anyone who's wielded me. We "could take him down. We could destroy it all. You cannot, you will not discard me." "Anyone who's ever wielded me. Together, we could bring down anything that bears his title. "Anyone who pursues his power." You feel this (pulse) in your brain, there's a flash vision of the hand, once held in your grasp, swollen atop the actual body of Vecna in the battle. Your vision comes back and that urge in your belly creeps up. As you enter the chamber once more, the Highbearer turns around. "Yes, Grog Strongjaw, "what do you require?" "Go on." Make a wisdom saving throw. The words don't escape your mouth and you realize this was a bad idea. "We could do so much together. We can destroy anyone who's ever thought to pray to the now "Undying King sealed away. We could wipe his presence from this planet!" Pike, make a strength check. So roll and add your strength modifier, which I think is four. Oh, it's five. Gauntlets bring it to 19, so it'll be a plus four, I'm pretty sure. 17. Grog, roll a strength check. 19. Pike, your feet begin to scrape against the marble as Grog's form and strength, which is just a little bit more than you. He's a little more monster than your monster right now. I'll allow you one more strength check with disadvantage. Grog, roll another strength check. Still, your metal boots are scraping across the marble as you're pulling and trying to hold him back as he's walking out the room. The voice says, "Yes. Together, the two of us." Highbearer Vord says, "Is everything all right?" You already lost at the moment. So yeah, he's currently locked into that mindset. All right. So bringing up Suggestion here, make a wisdom saving throw, Grog. 11. Okay. As the suggestion creeps through your mind, the familiar voice of Scanlan through your ears gives you just enough moment of pause to allow you an additional saving throw against the influence. Yes, it is. The suggestion does not seem to take hold and he's now dragged Pike almost back to the entryway of the Platinum Sanctuary and the Highbearer is still looking a bit confused. I would like you to go ahead and make a wisdom check. This is contested against the wisdom of the sword. You know what, it's not going to have much of an effect on this really, unfortunately. But the spell's cast. So roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Unfortunately, no in the circumstance. Just roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier, which I believe is a five? Well, (laughs). Yeah, you actually die. No. That's not worth it. It's fine. Yeah. I rolled a seven and he has a wisdom modifier of plus one. Like I legitimately-- that's pretty stupid. No, I did not use your die. I used my purple one. I'm saving yours for the next campaign. So as the strength of wills between the cleric and the sword begin to combat, the warmth of Pike's friendship and the force of Sarenrae's guidance washes through your body and the cold steel of the sword begins to warm to the touch. And for a brief minute, it gets so warm it's hot. It burns your fingertips and you instinctively throw the blade to the ground. It clatters and slides about 15 feet from you, spiralling and sparking across the marble floor. The Highbearer's foot catches it in place. He leans forward. "Now I'm certainly curious." You watch as the color begins to somewhat return to Grog's face, his eyes returning to their natural pigment. The sallow, sunken features of his body begin to fill out once more, the influence of the blade having left his psyche and physicality. At this point, you can see two of the other Scalebearer guardians have flanked the sides of the Highbearer. As he removes his foot from the blade and steps back, they both carefully lift it with a gauntlet and present it before him and he glances down. "So you say this blade aided you?" "Good to know. We'll keep this within our vaults in case the day or time arises." "Yes?" It flops limply in your grasp. "There are limitations to the use of such objects. It may be of some aid to us, but the "knowledge of this individual is far more important. However, we will accept this thing." And he ushers his hand forward and another servant comes forward and retrieves the hand from you and folds the fingers up and places it within a small pillow. Backs away. "What was the name of this? This current wielder of the Hand of Vecna." "Arkhan the Misguided?" "Very well. So we'll begin to do research and seek out this Arkhan the Cruel?" "I would do whatever it takes to not trust individuals who would steal such an artifact with "their own means." "We'll find this individual. Rest assured. The will of Bahamut turned on him now, I doubt "he'll find a place to hide. Thank you very much." "Bidet." As you exit the Sanctuary, you meet up with the rest of your friends that are still taking their quiet moments of reflection on the exterior platform on the outside of the Sanctuary overlooking the eastern side of Vasselheim. There's no answer. At that point, two hands drape around the side of Grog's shoulder up top and Vex as the long golden braids down the arms of Allura Vysoren says, "My friend Grog, best not to worry about it. "Wherever it is, it's beyond our grasp now." If we could've freeze-framed and rolled credits on that to end the campaign, I would have been happy. (laughs) Allura takes her hands back, then reaches over and musses up the side of Pike's hair. (sighs) "We've been through quite a bit together, haven't we?" "Lot of ups and downs." "I'm only doing what everybody else is doing in this world make it up as you go along." "Vasselheim? What do you mean? Vasselheim is mostly a religious council, if you know." "I could put in a word, but I didn't consider this really your type of--" "Here?" "Oh. I can inquire." "If I do recall, you have a temple here. One that you pretty much built." "That's a very good question. Pike? Would you like to go see your temple?" "Very well." She waves her fingers a bit and casts Fly on all of you. On a high enough level, you can. Retracted immediately. As she was here helping defend, she didn't waste her 8th-level slot, she is able to get you guys all flying for the moment and you all coast. As she finishes casting the spell, you could see some of the nearby wardens of the Platinum Sanctuary go, "Um--" "I know it's arcane, shut up. It's fine." You all take off the steps and begin to glide down over to the city, and there you can already see people are coming out of their homes. Exactly. So eventually, you find your way north to the Quadroads, towards the base of the Heaven Stair Mountain, where the temple resides. The temple looks like it's sustained a little bit of damage. It looks like a portion of the upper floor of the three-tier tower-- Colosseum-esque, but it does taper a bit towards the top. The top part has partially fallen in and it looks like it's seen wear and tear, but it doesn't look like it's been destroyed or anything. As you come up to the temple, you can already see there are refugees of homes that were destroyed from the incursion of the Braving Grounds that are being gathered in and the temple's filled with people. On the outside, you see Gesyra, the older woman who helped you found the temple and build it. As she approaches, she's now one of the Priests of Rebirth and has been working with you for some time and turns and sees your face. You can see her graying hair, which is bunned up very tightly in the back. She has her spectacles and she has the long robes of blue and gold. She sees you. "My "Pike!" She rushes up and gives you a hug. She's much bigger than you, being a human, but her posture puts her almost on your level. "I'm so glad you're safe." "We've housed who we can. We're a bit at capacity at the moment." "We did our best to defend. Is it done?" You see her eyes crack at that moment and tears begin to flow. She smiles. "I knew you could "do it." She looks around at the rest of you, pats you on the head for a minute and pulls away and goes, "You get to wear the greatest outfits, don't you?" "Well, anything you need, food, we have room for a few more." Oh, yeah. There's bars here. Are you kidding me? Religion and alcohol go together perfectly. That's a time-honored tradition! "Clean water would be wonderful." "Just a moment!" And she goes inside for a moment and calls out, four of the other lower acolytes of Sarenrae's temple, and they all have various buckets and reservoirs-- They bring you inside, where there's the large statue of Sarenrae, where you had your first vision that called you to come find her. And there is a fountain as part of that and a reservoir in the bottom that has currently been mostly emptied to facilitate everyone here who needed water or to clean wounds. You help fill that and you very, very quickly manage to get the temple back to an easily sustainable level. So you guys go off to find a tavern and drink together? All right. Yeah. Well, at this point, she's probably still carrying her with you. Yeah, because Allura took her off of you-- You know what? No, she's probably being tended to at the Platinum Sanctuary at the moment, seeing to her wounds. Okay. So you head back into the Sanctuary and retrieve her. She was. Thankfully, there are a number of clerics and healers available that can take a moment away from the wounded of the battle to deal with a little girl. And when you come to her, she's still a bit battered and bruised. But she's all right. You're asking this of anybody at the temple? "Yes." "I could. I could also bring her there, if you'd like." Right now she's holding onto your neck a bit. She looks at you. "I miss you." "Can I stay a bit longer?" "Okay." "I believe that," and for a moment she looks just beyond your eyes, squints, "he's aware." "So to drinks?" LAURA and "I don't really drink. But after a day like today, I think I need one." She giggles in your ear. All right. Yeah. Allura takes a moment and squints her eyes for a second, apparently Sending another message, and then nodding. She leads you guys towards the Quadroads, and finds a pub called The Quarry's End. And it's not too far from Sarenrae's temple, which is why she chose it, and it looks to be like it was near a quarry that was built into the mountain that either dried up or was closed down for some reason, and then a tavern was opened instead as a means of still making money. It's super dive-y, it smells of stained wood and spilled wine. It's musty and perfect. And as you all come in, it's mostly empty, as people are still in the process of trying to figure things out. The few that are in there appear to be wounded soldiers that, as opposed to getting medical help, are in the process of drinking themselves into a numb state. But you find a table, you sit down, one of the barmaids comes up to you, goes "Drinking away the fray, are you?" "Oh!" "But of course, sir! My pleasure!" Takes the coin. Within moments, your table is covered in terrible beer and really expensive wine! You pull two tables together and you guys are in the process-- You're a fair bit into your cups, and then the somewhat ajar door on the exterior slams open as the light filters in from the outside, and there you see standing the general half-height of an armored halfling, partially bloodied, armor dented as shit. TRAVIS and Kima, as she walks in, sauntering in, with her blade being sheathed in the back of her giant scabbard, her Holy Avenger. "Got your message, honey! Not going to pass up a drink after a "day like this!" (cracking) "Ow, ow, ow!" She comes and sits down next to Allura and puts her arm around her real fast. "This is new!" and points to the drink in front of Allura. "Good. I guess that's why we're friends." "Well, you know. When there's streets crawling with skeletons, I got to be there." "Oh, it's been amazing! It's been terrible! Terrible. But amazing!" "Yeah!" The barmaid comes by, gets another cup, and leaves you guys all to drink and swap stories. Okay. You take a long, deep sip of your drink and then close your eyes as you complete the scrying ritual you've half-scrawled on the dark wood wall on the side of the tavern. Your vision goes cloudy, and you feel yourself being transitioned rapidly through wind and cloud as the temperature of your atmosphere begins to drop, and there, you begin to break cloud cover to look down upon Whitestone. Your vision jumps once more to the exterior of the castle, jumps once more, and there you see, lying in bed, covers pulled up to her chest, with at least three different servants and one medical personnel there at her side, bag open, tending to her wounds. She's asleep, but she's breathing. Not in the room, no. At which point, Kima goes, "Yeah, where is that asshole, anyway?" "Ain't that the truth. All right." She grabs her cup. She's holding a cup. Glasses raised, and at this point as the glasses are raised, you can hear whispers off to the side. You glance over, and you can see one of the nearby tables, which is filled with four Bastions who had been drinking to the battle and have now taken notice and seemingly recognized who's at the table across the way. They're all staring, and they all grab their glasses and raise them, too. "So. What comes next?" Kima's clasping her cup and goes, "I can watch this all day." It's blurred at a distance. Aside from the specific target of your scrying, you don't get much of a vision, just an idea of the blurry exterior. No, he was on his own. You're semi-aware that there's something going on. Make an arcana check. 15. Something creeping in the back of your mind, something you've learned, something you've heard, really tells you that this is powerful and chaotic. You're such an asshole! All right. You all wander outside of the tavern, find your way over to the nearest tree that's functional. It takes you a little bit, because a lot of trees look thicker at a distance when you're drunk than when you approach. Eventually, you find the tree that'll work, which is interesting, because you have this combination of people that are recognizing you as Vox Machina, as the whispered saviors of the town as you drunkenly stumble through the city streets, naught but hours after sealing a recently ascended god. It's strangely so perfect for you. As you approach the tree that you find that'll work, Allura has her arm over Kima. She's a lightweight. "You go on ahead. We need to help here with the "construction effort." "No, we're just--" And then Kima goes, "Yes!" "We'll see you soon. Travel safe, and thank you." "Okay." (laughter) You guys make your way to the castle. Food is presented. Everyone's happy to see you back. What do you want to do? Oh, we'll get to the forever bit in a minute. Okay. Asking around a bit, it doesn't take much to find Kaylie in your old room in Whitestone, the one where you both left when you first exited the group for a short time. She's in there, bandaged up, and looks like she's taking a dagger and throwing it into the wall, then walking over and pulling it back out, sitting back on the bed and throwing it, and it bounces off. The hilt hits. She's like, "Fuck." Picks it back up and doesn't notice you in the doorway. As she sits back down, she looks over. "Hi." "Why, does it frighten you?" "Boo!" She sheathes it on the side. "I've had better days. I'm all right." "You're alive." "I figured, if you're standing here before me. That's good. Congratulations." "I'd be disappointed if you'd've came back with me. More important things." You watch for a brief second her tough exterior break, and you can see her eyes welling up a little bit. She looks at the ground for a minute, then looks back up at you. "I'm glad "you're safe." "I didn't. I know you too well, at this point. You're too much of a turd to die." "I'd like to go back to Ank'Harel. I don't know if this whole Meat Man thing's for me "anymore." "It was a lot of fun!" "Let's find someone to pass on the mantle to, eh?" "I think the Meat Man should be there, just not us." "Still take a percentage. I mean, we worked this hard!" "It's the meat and potatoes of any good business venture." "That's why the daughter's an upgrade. After that, I don't know. I hate to admit it, but--" "No." "Yeah." "I'm not really made for a lyceum. We can go visit. I didn't expect you to recommend "schooling!" "Aye, that we did." "Would it be enough to pay for a right top-end education so I can gloat over all the "other kids that are raised by the various lords and ladies of Emon? Become one of those privileged kids." "That's what I want to do. I want to rub it in their face." "That sounds like a Shorthalt endeavor." She stands up from the bed and walks over and puts her hand on your shoulder in a pat, pat. She pulls you into a hug and rests her head on your shoulder and doesn't say anything. "I'm going to worry about you every day." "Thank you for being enough of a shitbag to bring me into it." "I'm still young and unlearned. Time will tell." She pulls you a little tighter in. She smells the alcohol on your breath and (groans). "Go lie there. I'm going to--" (groans) She winces as her wound in her shoulder flares up. "I need some fresh air. You go to sleep." Exhaustion hits you, and you end up passing out at the foot of the bed. Yeah, your old room. She's asleep by the time you get there. Travel and everything has tuckered her out. You tuck her in, put the blanket up. As Trinket ascends the stairs, he looks back over the shoulder. (questioning noise) Makes it up the stairs. You guys make your way into the woods and set up a camp for the evening's rest together. Keyleth, are you in your room? The door (creaks) and Trinket comes in and stares right at you. (slurps) And licks up the side of your face. Your hair sticks up for a minute. (bear noises) He leans in and plops down on the ground, a giant beanbag mound of bear fur. Eventually the exhaustion and the alcohol hits you, and you fall asleep, cuddled up in the warm embrace of a very fantastic, recently meteor-struck bear. Voice of the Tempest. Pike actually would still be around. Pike, what are you doing? Who wants to go first? Pike? Grog? Who's going first? As you're out there on your own, contemplating quietly, ruminating on the day, a faint howl finds the air, and stepping from the shadows, you see a large gray wolf Galdric, the wolf that once belonged to the previous champion of the Raven Queen, Purvan, who was given charge over the forests on the outside. Saunters up to you. He is a large wolf. You are a tiny gnome. He steps up, sits next to you. In this little break in the trees where you can see the moon breaking through some of the passing clouds over Whitestone. The night is so cold, you can see your breath in the dark air through the beams of moonlight that make it through the canopy. As the wolf looks down at you, his intense eyes making a full scan of what you are, there's a recognition to his expression. The wolf looks back up. (howls) And gives a long, baleful howl, seemingly in remembrance and acknowledging that one with a familiar path to his has found his way back to the realm of the Raven Queen, as well. You hug Galdric. You're used to Trinket, who's pretty well manicured. Galdric, not so much. There are clusters of fur that are dirt-encrusted. Probably. He's not a full, ruined beast. He lives in the forest. Smells of earth, dust, and nature. Doesn't seem to react to your hug, but allows it. He seems to share the space with you for the time that you're in the forest. Not a strong connection, but an acknowledgement, mainly focusing on the moon before it passes through the canopy and is no longer visible. The one ear to the side perks open to listen to your statement, but the vision doesn't meet yours, still focused in space as it fades. You get the essence that the wolf acknowledges you. He actually seems to enjoy it and gives into it. One of the giant hind legs of the wolf-- He howls along with you. (howls) The wolf gets up, circles you once, and makes his way into the darkness of the forest once more. Okay. Grog? Make a perception check. Glancing about, there are some of the Pale Guard around. Nobody that you would be looking for, necessarily. You seem to be open to do as you please. Oh my god, Grog. (chuckles) Out in front of the castle, out in the courtyard area? Make a perception check, Pike. As you're quietly climbing up the walkway to the base of Castle Whitestone-- Yeah. You do. You look up and see Grog pull a card from the deck. Hold on. Deck of Many Things. All right, so. Grog, what did you pull? Void. I'm sure it's fine. Pike. Of all moments. While we're here, Grog, I'm going to read you the card. This black card spells disaster. Your soul is drawn from your body and contained in an object in a place of the DM's choice. One or more powerful beings guard the place. While your soul is trapped in this way, your body is incapacitated. A Wish spell can't restore your soul, but the spell reveals the location of the object that holds it. You draw no more cards. Finding it and retrieving the object and restoring the soul. Looks like we may have her back. Hopefully, because this is going to be-- oh my god. Give me the card. Let this be a lesson to everybody out there. No regrets. No "regerts" at all. So Grog, as you draw the card from the deck, your vision goes tunneled, dark, to a pinpoint a singular pinpoint of deep, ruby red. And that's all. Your consciousness falls into a catatonic state. No. She sees it happen. I know. She's aware. No, because he pulled the card. It's not a big (grunts). It's a (flip). All righty, so. He's catatonic until the soul's returned. To be fair, you've sealed Vecna. At level 19 and 20, this is not going to be an earth-shattering experience. And for the sake of the epilogue evening you guys, all planning to return to your various lives to relax-- You spend the next two weeks finding your way through the halls of Pandemonium. Yes, where his soul is currently encapsulated. Pandemonium is a plane of madness a great mass of rock riddled with tunnels carved by howling winds. It is cold, noisy, and dark, with no natural light. Wind quickly extinguishes nonmagical open flames such as torches and campfires. It also makes conversation possible only by yelling, and even then only at a maximum distance of ten feet. Most of the plane's inhabitants are creatures that were banished to the plane with no hope of escape, and many of them have been driven mad by the incessant winds or forced to take shelter in places where the winds die down until they sound like distant cries of torment. So yeah, that's a fun time. It's a fun adventure you guys go on to retrieve Grog's soul. A good moment of, "Oh, we're not going to get a rest." Hopefully, we'll get Ashley back, but in the meantime, for the purposes of this, you come back two weeks after, extremely angry. Grog, as suddenly you're restored, and that tiny bead of light fades back, and you're not outside anymore. You're actually sitting in a reclined, cushioned couch or chair of some kind in Castle Whitestone, and all of your currently living friends are all around you, looking very angry. Look at that timing. I don't even know, man. Pike, do you know what happened? Grog's soul was trapped somewhere on the plane of Pandemonium, and you guys had to take two weeks and battle your way through a terrible plane filled with wind and madness and creatures that were banished there to never escape, eventually battling some terrible beast that was guarding the gem that contained his soul, returned, and he just now woke up on the couch after restoring his consciousness to his body, and has been slapped in the face by Keyleth and told that he lost card privileges. I'll draw the card for you. Whichever one smashes Whitestone. Exactly. Oh my god, if you pull that card? Don't you even. Everything he owns crumbles to dust. All material wealth. After this unexpected side venture, you all say your goodbyes for the time being, scatter to the various business you have to. Pike? Is there anything else you wanted to do? Was there anything else this evening you needed to situate? I was going to begin to facilitate the epilogue. No, this is after the random, unexpected Pandemonium trip. Well, no. You guys had to go there to find his soul. That's true. Remember, we're America. We have the worst Internet in the world. Weirdly. Net neutrality. As you guys gather, say your temporary goodbyes, knowing that you're all still very in touch with each other, knowing you care about each other, you begin to forge whatever life looks like outside of perpetual danger and the constant onslaught and struggle of terrors and heroic necessity. Scanlan. Then I'll come back to you. What does Scanlan do in the next year? Next five years, next ten years? It's all right. So assuming that you guys went on a date. I'm discussing with Scanlan his epilogue. What does he wish to do in the next year, five and ten years? She ends up at the Alabaster Lyceum in Emon, which is one of the highest places of learning. You have connections to the council and with the money that you've given her, she lords over many of the children of the various nobles. Which does not succeed, but you still send your thoughts and wishes into the ether in hopes that they find their way there. Okay. Anything you wish to add to that? You could still read the letter. Okay. I didn't mean to step on anything you did. Pike. Wilhand spends his twilight years helping with small tasks around the emerging House of the Everlight as it is built on the northern edge of Westruun before age finally takes him in peace amongst friends and family. The red-brick house you grew up in and Grog grew along with you for a while is left in your name and there you know you have ever a homestead in Westruun in memory of Wilhand and the friendships you forged. What else would you like to do? What else do you wish to achieve, Pike, as the years go on? That could pertain to you and whatever relationship with Scanlan you wish to embellish on. There's a chart somewhere in second edition. He passed away. Aw. All righty. Anything else, Pike? Are you happy with that? Anything else, Pike? Okay. All right, we'll leave it at that. Percival. Vex'ahlia. Since your fates are rather intertwined, I ask you both what are your plans, what are your plots? How many names? You do notice that the raven population of Whitestone seems to be perpetually seeing blooms every year, far more than it used to. Okay, I mean they all seem to be ravens happy to live in this space, but it seems to be more in essence the vicinity more than a specific raven. Cassandra, as a note by the way. She's had a few pretty difficult brushes with death and the experiences definitely left a mark on her. Within the year following the battle with Vecna, she begins to remind you of yourself at a very dark time. Recognizing that, you come to her and help pull her from a dangerous edge of lashing out at the place she's worked so hard to build. You help her realize that this guilt she's been holding as being a tool of manipulation the times that she has been is not her fault and used against the ones she loves. In that determination to no longer be a tool for others to use, she asks Vex to teach her and train her. To not just be the lady beacon of Whitestone, but also join in as one of its protectors. "That was some time, but I've seen what you can do and, well, I deign to think of how dangerous "the three of us would be if I could reach your level." Anything else? You guys happy with that? Hmm, all right. There you go. Grog. All right, as you head back to the district in which these incursions happened, you are immediately recognized and much to their completely taken aback reaction they bring you in until somebody of the higher Bastions goes, "You fools. This is one of Vox Machina. What's wrong "with you?" "Oh I didn't--" And they all point up at the large titan which is-- Which currently has been cleared out of any cursed undead that they know of. It's a process that takes a while, but it becomes a monument to that battle and it becomes converted into a symbol of hope for the city. For generations to come in Vasselheim, that titan will stand there, lording over the city, as a reminder of what transpired, of what could have been lost, and what was saved that day in memory of those that were lost. And as you point up to that and they all realize, they slowly remove your shackles. "Yes, sir. Thank you, thank you." "Sure, come with me." As you begin to walk out you watch as a familiar figure steps up to this portion of the Bastions' guard post, you see a familiar merchant who rushes up and goes, "I was "being summoned. They found the-- why's he walking free?" "Gentlemen, this is the man who punched me. This is the man who ruined my business. I can--" "What?" (laughter) Make a persuasion check with advantage. (laughter) Didn't even need the advantage. All right. "Well, that would certainly go far for reparations for the damage you've caused to both "my business, my person and my psyche." (laughter) "Holy shit." "We'll just make a quick stop over by my shop, please." And he drags it and it leaves this big heavy groove in the ground as he pulls it along. "Nope, "nope, it's good, I got it" (struggling noises) And leads you to the Cobalt Reserve and for as long as you'll have him he'll begin to tutor you. Which takes a while to get rebuilt and you probably help out a bit, too, Earthbreaker Groon, who survived, though many of his-- He did survive, yeah. He's made of hardier stuff. I like it. Perfect. Happy with that? Okay, then. Keyleth. Yeah. He's a quick jaunt from Zephra, thankfully. Westruun's not that far. That's one of the closer large cities outside of Stillben. (laughs) There is an uptick of ravens in the space of Zephra as well. Not many, but more than there would be, which is usually zero. That's a ways off for you, Ms. Archdruid. But you begin those preparations. Okay. Well you, Keyleth, who many only once saw the naive druid girl have a level of respect now that's carried with that mantle that you hold. And the council of Tal'Dorei occasionally calls upon your wisdom and guidance. The alliance between the civilised and the natured world of the lands irrevocably in Tal'Dorei bound to you at this point, between you and the earth Ashari who reside up in the Cliffkeep. Between occasional jaunts to Emon and Whitestone, you find renewed joy in the protection of the people there. One cold Cuersaar the 13th, the tenth month of the year, the cool summer dusk day closes and you emerge from the quarters to find that the winds come and blow through your hair. You step out to the sound of children laughing as a dozen Ashari kids, elf, dwarf, orc, many bloods and creeds rush past as they play. It's a familiar sound. It's a happy sound. You glance over at this village you're protecting and the people that truly look up to you as their leader, both not just from a might source but as a guide. And you look to them to teach you things every day as well. Looking past as the sun begins to set, you see Korrin standing by the cherry blossom at the edge of the cliff near the amphitheatre where you had your ceremony. In pinks and oranges and purples, the sunset takes the sky. As you approach, he still looks out. He's older, not too much older but older. As he notices you approach, he looks over. "In all my years, not a day passes where awe does not "strike me at the beauty of this world." He looks over towards the sunset. "Don't ever lose the "memory of every face whose strength helped you keep this light from fading. Every single face." "You need to." And you see a bit of heartbreak but he nods his head and reaches out and takes you in, holds you there on the cliff side, the winds just being kept at bay. "I'm proud of you." He pulls you in tighter. "You'll always be my girl. My little Keyleth." "I love you." (sighs) "Anyway, I should get to seeing if dinner preparations are being made. Looks to be a "cold night." He tugs your hand and walks back, leaves you there on the cliff side looking out. As the sunlight slowly blinks away over the horizon, leaving you with the purples and blues of the night sky as the stars begin to glitter up, you can hear a raven caw catch your ear as you glance up into the branches of the cherry blossom tree. There's just one raven. Flies down, lands on your shoulder. It's a bigger raven than any you've seen before. You've not seen this raven around. It leans into it. And every day that raven comes to visit. And that's where we're going to close the campaign. Oh, wow. When this chapter closes, a whole new one, a whole new one opens very soon. (sighs) We'll be back in the new year with a new story to tell and in the meantime we'll be playing games here and mixing it up. Being silly. A few other faces are going to take up the storytelling mantle here. Me and Marisha have a wedding in a little over a week. But here we are at the end of this near-five-year journey for us and near-three-year journey with all of you and I just want to appreciate having, honestly, some of the best friends and players I could ever hope for to come along on this journey, to trust me enough to build this with you and to give back so much more than I could have ever hoped. You guys make it all easy and worthwhile. Love you guys. And love you guys, each and every one of you out there who've come with us on this journey; new, old, for just a bit, or the entire length, some of you multiple times. Thank you for joining in on whatever this weird little magical, curious experience has, and will continue to be. Promise me you'll be good. Yep! Love you, guys.