Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Before we go ahead and jump into tonight's story, we have some announcements to get through. First and foremost, tonight's episode is sponsored by our fantastic friends at Marvel Puzzle Quest. (cheering) Oh no. Wow! Well done! Thank you, Sam, and thanks, Marvel Puzzle Quest. It's available for free on the Apple App Store and Google Play. Next up. Merch, what have we got? That's a good reason. Also, Ashley, we miss you. Okay, next up. (laughs) I regret everything. No, issue one of Critical Role Vox Machina Origins is out. Super excited. I'm really proud of it. Matt Colville did an incredible job. I know. Encapsulated the characters, especially the characters early in their arc. Olivia Samson's art captures the mood and the feel so well. Chris Northrop's color and his lettering. Everyone did an amazing job on this. If you have an opportunity to check it out, it's available on the Dark Horse Comics app, through our friends at Dark Horse or ComiXology and other avenues from there. Super proud of it, super excited. You can get it on Kindle, Nook, iBooks, Google Play-- I should have read the list. Yeah, Sam hates it, though. Needs more Scanlan. All right, of course we have Talks Machina next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific Time here on Twitch and Alpha to discuss tonight's episode. So you can check it out then with our fantastic host Brian Foster. Laura and Travis, you're going to be at Anime Weekend Atlanta. Fantastic. It is Subtember on Twitch. If you haven't had enough cash to throw towards subbing to your favorite Twitch channel, for the month of September, you get half off for doing so. If you're interested in doing that, this is the month to do it. Go look into it. Last but not least, as many of you are aware in this string of natural disasters that keeps hitting, there was a terrible earthquake that hit Mexico City and the surrounding areas this past week. We want to implore people to do whatever you can to donate and help those who are currently recovering in the relief effort in the areas that were heavily hit by this earthquake. Having lived through a number of earthquakes in my youth, it's a very scary and very dangerous thing, and nothing on the scale of what they're undergoing there, so if you have the opportunity, we want to promote UNICEF and Oxfam México. The links will be in the chat soon, but if you can, please give. It all helps and people who are in the middle of that scenario will be very thankful. Thank you very much. All right, on that note, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] As he reaches out and his fingers touch the side of your face, you feel the muscles tighten and the skin begin to reform. As he pulls away, there's still a little bit of reddish rash or irritation of fresh skin, but the scarring seems to have subsided and your face is intact. That's up to you guys. All right, so you guys are continuing up the staircase? Marching order? All right. Trinket is in your necklace or out now? Trinket is out and being stealthy. Perfect. As you continue up the stone stairway, you said you were looking for traps? I figured. Slow moving up the steps as you slowly are looking for-- okay, go for it. Okay. You continue up the staircase, the steps being wider than the previous ones you've seen before. Eventually, you pass through the carved tunnel of a cave-in up the steps. The next chamber reveals itself naught but 25 feet upwards. It opens up. You find yourselves standing within a small building ruin, but the walls have fallen around you. You can see the bare structure around you. Elements of the base floor, rubble and broken slate. You see around you what must have been a once-colossal courtyard or a commons for the dwarven city of Thomara, with varying levels and paths and platforms holding rare types of now petrified leafless trees scattered amongst this thoroughfare, climbing up dozens of feet like frozen bolts of lightning forever reaching in vain. You see dead-littered paths, weaving between stout multi-leveled buildings of Thomara make, corpses that have been torn apart and are twitching, shifting on their own, the occasional hand pulling its way across. Whatever bits and pieces of undead here remain, they are not functional. They have been so sundered through the ages or other sort of confrontation, and yet are cursed to forever twitch and wander. Your eyes, as they focus in on this interior, you glance to the opposite side. You see the ghost of this past beauty of the city surrounding you is now currently defiled on a mass scale. Over half of this 300-foot-wide cavern appears to have collapsed or is currently crushed under an invading mass of black earth and rock, unlike the rest of the titan's interior. The familiar smell of wet earth and ancient decay is now mixed with another familiar scent of cold ash and iron dust, the smell of the Shadowfell. At this distance, you can see the rough shape of three carved archways at the base of this inverted mass of earth that curves down and collapses half of this cavern. About 40 or so feet apart. You can see at each of these entrances, there are some figures, some shapes. They are too far from you at the moment, hundreds of feet away from you, to make any sort of clear vision, but you see a few bits of torchlight in the distance and shifting shadows near those entrances. Currently, you guys are emerging from underneath in this small rubble. There is no light in here. The only bit of light you can see is some of that bio-luminescent fungus that you had in that previous tunnel and the torchlight across the way. It's a wide space. As the cavern opens in this large, dome-like interior path, loosely kidney bean shaped or a wide oval, half of it is currently crushed and occupied by this darker mass of Shadowfell earth. That's the roots of the city crushing down into this chamber. Where the titan ends and Thomara begins would be this particular threshold. Well, the sphere is back in the tunnel with you. You can concentrate on it and bring it with you and it moves at a very slow speed. Okay. Cool. So what's your intelligence modifier, again? Three? So you can move it 15 feet a round. It's slower than any of you. As you make your way up the tunnels, this hovering ball of dense death and destruction is (humming). Humming ominously, Simon Three makes its way. It does give off vibration and a noise to it. You do hear the subtle hum. About 80 or so feet. It's very faint sound. Okay, so you put on a robe and Scanlan puts on a robe. All right. Make a perception check. Perception check. Okay. Between the both of you focusing in the still silence, you can hear very faint distant muttering of conversation, briefly, on the left archway. But around you, aside from the small skittering of an occasional hand that is crawling its way forward, you don't see any full-bodied undead. In fact, in comparison to the chamber you'd exited more than an hour ago, which had hundreds and hundreds of wandering undead, this is mostly vacant of anything that isn't directly at those archways. They're about 150 or so feet. They're right at the center part of where the chamber would be, where the earth of Thar Amphala's current resting place begins. Austin Powers it. The ball is about two feet in diameter. It continues until it's out of sight. So it starts digging and burrowing-- As soon as you send it downward at an angle, it hits the floor and begins carving its own path, tunneling lower and lower-- At this point? I'd say it's about 70 feet. It begins to slowly come back in your direction. Sourcing it would be upwards, at an angle, from where you see the base of Thar Amphala. It's in that direction, at an upward angle. You get the sense that this is near the edge of the city. Other than the very faint bio-luminescence left by the little patches of dull orange here and there that give you a sense of the overall scope and enclosure of the chamber, no other light source. There's no opening. Make a perception check. The left archway, you see two torches being held by two human-sized figures, humanoid. Hoods are down, but you can't see at this distance anything beyond the size. They appear to be surrounded by five or more dwarf-size skeletons that are shambling in unison around them in one uniform movement as they pace around the opening to the archway. The middle archway, you see another humanoid figure, but armored. You can see the sharp edges of plated shoulders and a helmet. And a few other skeletal figures wandering around, but one. At the very very edge of the one torch that it holds you see one large hulking figure, about ten or so feet tall. But you only see the very edge; you don't actually see the rest of the body. All you see is the edge of the shoulder or the beginning of the side. And then there's the right archway. You can see three small-ish-looking humanoid figures. Two that are very hunched, on hands and legs. Have a humanoid silhouette on the head and shoulders, but they're down on the ground, almost like a dog. Between the two of them, there is one humanoid figure that's still hunched slightly, but still standing upright, hooded and cloaked. As you watch them for a moment, you see they do move a little bit, glancing around the area, keeping a watch, but they appear to be stationed there with a minor patrol in the vicinity. For the most part. They are about 40 feet from each other. As there is a curve, the right and the left archway probably have a hard time seeing each other. The middle one has a view of each. Occasionally, they'll interface; they converse a bit between the two of them. But for the most part they're definitely keeping a look out. They're very vigilant and looking out into the empty space before them. Okay, that would probably help. Make a perception check. So this is the central figure in the armor? It's wearing similar armor, not to the knight you had encountered with Vecna, more the blackened armored knight that you had battled at the ziggurat on Marquet. When you first encountered Delilah Briarwood and you found the pathway into the Shadowfell. Well no, you murdered that one. But it's similar set of armor, yes. It's 15. It's tied to the item. What's the ring say? You can scry outside of it, but you cannot scry into it. With your spell? Okay. Hold on. You back up into the hallway to find a space that isn't immediately visible and begin to build the circle of incantation. The rest of you keep watch in case anything begins to make its way toward the entrance. As you complete the ritual, your vision expands, and you feel your essence being pulled up through the earth and rock, changing from gray and brown to black and dead, until eventually, for a brief instant, you see a burst of the city of Thar Amphala, matching precisely your memory of the inner sanctum of the city. In an instant, there's a rush of momentum and energy, and you see footsteps. You see before you the death knight that you had previously encountered in the struggle is stepping up these dark, ruddy stone steps. One, two, three, you can hear the echo surround you in this slightly curving staircase. You do not. Unfortunately, you see a very vague image of a room that's disappearing behind him as it curves around where you can see two other armored figures similar to the one that's in the center archway that are standing watch in that chamber. They vanish as he curves around, and you watch as he steps up, step-step-step. Currently it's a windowless stairway that curves. Yeah. You see a sudden swelling of greenish-blue light as he reaches the apex of this staircase. You now see the top of the tower exposed where three large hooked, stone spires curve inward to a familiar top of the tower. Out of the corner of your eye, you see-- the sky itself, from this perspective, has this weird sickly blue-green tint to it, and as you try and focus beyond the proximity of the knight, you get a glimmer of some shape currently gliding in the air above. Then a voice says "No," and-- Knowing, as you've cast the spell before, a creature that can see invisible objects sees the sensor as a luminous orb about the size of your fist. Creatures that can see invisible can see the source of a scry spell. Not necessarily, but they can see that something is scrying on the space. As soon as you kick back you're like, "Shit. That's probably what it was." Make a perception check. It's real dark, and you have to travel deeper into the actual cavern space to try and see any other tunnels. No, it encompasses the entire opposite side of this. This was at one point a 250- to 300-foot-long cavern, but half of it is entirely occupied by the base of Thar Amphala. They're about 140 or so feet. It's dark, and there are a number of dwarven buildings in various levels of disrepair and collapsing. 140, 150 feet. Roll an investigation check. This is which one? Odell is the one that ran off. Viskorad. Yes. "Turn back and tell that Viskorad found sneaky prey." I might have mis-said it at the moment. I was on painkillers. Viscon I think is the name of an island elsewhere. (laughter) He's human. Okay, so Hide in Plain Sight and camouflage. Hide in Plain Sight is the camouflage you're referring to. Camouflage you can really only do on yourself. Sure, you can Arnold-Schwarzenegger-in-Predator this for other folks. I'll say make a wisdom check. To see how well you manage to mask the terrain nearby. A check. It looks like, unfortunately, the shale and broken rock in this vicinity, it's hard to find anything that would actually help hide them, beyond their natural stealth roll. So you're going have to rely on your Pass Without a Trace. The only person going forward is you? Advantage on charisma checks? Note you have Freedom of Movement. How long does it last? Is it an hour? So you have Freedom of Movement for an hour. Everyone else who's not going forward, make a stealth check, please. You go back and watch previous episodes, and Liam's not there. It's really weird. I love it. Perfect. Pike? Keyleth? Wow. That's some pretty solid rolls, guys. You all stay as quiet as possible, moving along the exterior of Vex's ability to move forward. You move forward slowly while keeping Scanlan in sight. You slowly begin to move forward, with Simon Three humming slowly in front of you. Interesting character choice. You guys are quietly stepping through, and you hear his footfalls echoing, and immediately you see some of the torches shift, and there's some talk and some whispering back and forth and a small shout. You watch as some of the skeletal entities at two of the entrances shift and look in that direction, and begin to shamble slowly. The two torch-bearers on the right begin to move forward as the armored figure in the center watches on, arms crossed. What are you doing? You have three archways. That's the middle one. Make a deception check with advantage. Deception. The shambling skeletons to the left of you, you can hear the scraping and clacking sound as their bones rattle and shift across the stone floor, pieces of rock being pushed as their feet drag across the stone dwarven walkways. The two torch-bearing, cloaked figures you can see approaching, and they're talking amongst themselves. One of them is currently holding some sort of a holy symbol in their hand, and they're starting to glow a bit. They're glaring forward. The armored figure with the arms crossed puts a hand out like this. They both look over and stop and hold in place. The armored figure steps forward. You can hear the armored footfalls across the stone. The rot behemoth, which you now see emerging behind. Rot behemoth, the entities you saw patrolling Thar Amphala and two of them stormed into Sprigg's house, begins to follow behind him. Every minute or two, you have the vibrating footfall of the titan, and a few of the rocks fall and tumble from the ceiling, and a bit of dust begins to get knocked free from the high-up ceiling of the cavern. The armored figure approaches, gets within about 15 feet of you and stops. You see no face. This is Magneto-style; there's space for the eyes and the mouth, but it's too shadowed for you to make any features out. It's this dark void. You can see the hooked, spiked shoulders and the horns built to come out of the sides of the helmet. Arms still crossed before. "What did you say?" There's a pregnant pause, a stillness that causes the back of your neck to grow warm. The nerves begin to creep up the back of your spine. Instinctually, your eyes begin to glance at the two other archways as you see shapes shifting. The armored figure gives a subtle chuckle, "Very "well. Lead us to this find." The head retracts slightly, confused and a bit worried. He takes one step onto the back foot, almost like it's not sure if it should be close to you or not. It raises its hand back towards the two other torch-bearing, cloaked figures and goes, "Vislal, take the orb." One of the hooded figures steps forward and takes a moment and concentrates. The orb jolts towards him immediately and he yelps. He's going to try again. Okay. With a second try, you can see the sweat on his brow as he begins to step backward, like, "I'm not really good with this." Are you relinquishing your control over it? So then he focuses for a moment, and the orb-- you can feel the slight bit of will that you had imposed over it has pulled back. The orb begins to push forward slowly in his direction of choice. You can see a smile come across his hairless, older face. He nudges the other figure, which you can see is a female half-orc who looks heavily scarred across the chin and the side of the neck, and they're both missing the corresponding eye. They both begin to move forward and slowly push the orb past you. The vibration you hear getting louder in your guys' direction as the armored figure begins to follow suit behind. The rot behemoth begins to follow, and the armored knight goes, "Keep watch." The skeletons begin to move backward with the rot behemoth. Now you have the heavy footfalls of the large, looming rot behemoth in the center walkway and a handful of skeletons for that approach, blockading that, as the knight, with the two other hooded figures, begin to make their way towards the entrance where you guys rose up. So they begin to walk forward and slowly make their way towards the staircase that you guys emerged from. You guys part a bit, move around the sides. Okay. You guys keep as quiet as you possibly can. There's a brief moment, Pike, where your arm is on the side of one of the stone walls, and a piece of rock snaps and breaks to the ground. One of the figures with the hood back stops for a second and goes to look, just as one of the titan footfalls impacts and the whole area shakes sending other rocks tumbling around. It seems to be just enough to distract. They continue walking forward. You hear the hum of the orb as it slowly makes its way past you, faint hint of a Doppler. You watch them descend into the ruins that you emerged from, down into the tunnel. Currently, you still have the cluster of eight skeletons on the left one. There are four skeletons and the rot behemoth in the middle, and on the right, you still have one humanoid figure flanked by two hunched humanoid figures. There are eight skeletons on the left path, four skeletons and the rot behemoth in the center, and then one humanoid figure with two crouched humanoid figures on the right. They're about 40 or 50 feet from each other around a curved outcropping. From your perspective, it's around this. The center can see both; the right and left probably can't see each other too well. It's dark and there's a vanishing point around the curve where the far ends can't make eye contact. They can both see the middle, yeah. They're about 12 feet wide and about ten feet tall. And when I say they're arches--there's simple stone placed and then built around to maintain an arch, but they've been fairly recently constructed and it's more like the very basic beginnings of a mine shaft. It looks like these tunnels were carved probably once Thar Amphala arrived above the titan. So they're not extremely stable, but they're stable enough for passage in and out. He went with the orb. The middle. Make a deception check. With advantage still. 25? The rot behemoth glances at you. You see its large metal cage-like helmet that guards its sunken head that rests squarely in the center of its chest at this point. The smell emanating from it is this awful combination of rot and long-putrid milk. You can see no face behind the mask, just glowing red coals for eyes. As it watches you as you pass, it doesn't make any motion. You can see it seems to curve upward. It's not stairs. It looks like the interior of this was made with a Sphere of Annihilation, like someone had taken a while-- because there's no dirt, there's no mounds of dirt around it. It looks like someone had been carefully carving this path. You get the sense this sphere has been a utility object since they arrived. You have no idea where she is. Well, they have to follow you. You walk about three feet past the behemoth and stop. It slowly turns towards you. Probably both. (laughter) Just charisma bonus; charisma modifier. Okay. That's all you're going to leave it at? 23? Anything you do to assist will reveal you from stealth. Oh yeah. Roll a d12 and add that to your 23. Eight onto that? So a 31. There's another long pause. Generally, an entity like this is tethered to the will of one creature. In most circumstances, it would not take any orders from anybody outside of it. But somehow, your words get it to consider in its simplistic, undead mind that if its master is in danger, then obviously the master would want help. Somehow, your force of words circumvent the tethered command, and the behemoth begins to hulkingly make its way, with the four other skeletons, walking with the skittering of the skeletons, away, towards where its master disappeared. Yeah, it's natural earth and stone. As natural as the Shadowfell's slate and rock is. It's unworked, for the most part. Tunnel one, the one with the eight skeletons-- Oh, that one! With you guys having to keep at the 60-foot radius with Scanlan, it's about 80 or so feet behind you. So you create a stone over that entrance? Yeah, they've all been in there for about two minutes, at this point. Sure. Are you going for the three humanoids? So you're waiting for them? You hold off. You talk. You guys move over stealthily. They don't seem to notice your approach. Just the two of you? You see there's one hooded figure, hood up, holding a torch with one hand, but the torch is up above, so the shadow cast, you're not really able to make out any features or so. You can see the faint side of an older female face. That's all you can make out. And you see two shadow ghasts, the creatures that you saw leaping from rooftop to rooftop in Thar Amphala, and one of them you captured briefly at Sprigg's house. They're both on chained necklace-like chokers, being held in the other hand of this individual, like dogs. Roll an attack. Both of you guys. 30? Awesome. Why is my music not working? 30 definitely hits. For you, Vax? All hit. All righty. There you go, 46 damage. So the humanoid figure in the center holding the torch, all you see is them drop back to the ground as the chains clank to the ground. The torch clatters, and you see the light shift and flicker. The two shadow ghasts immediately look in your direction. Then the wall of stone goes over and covers the top. And you start catching up to the rest of the group? Grog, Pike? You're running to catch up with Vex and Vax? You're making the second strike? Go ahead. This is against which shadow ghast, the left or right? You don't know. All right, that hits. What'd you roll, Vax, to hit? All righty. Then you are shooting? That hits. No, because at this point they've already been made aware. Yeah, that's enough. Second shot destroys most of the upper body of the shadow ghast on the left. The loud gunshots going off in the cavern echoes, and you see the skeletons beginning to shift from the other hallway toward the direction the gunshots came from. As you guys are rushing up, you manage to catch up to the rest of them as the final shadow ghast (snarls), and it only sees currently the two of you. It's going to run forward and it's going to move here. Even at its full distance, it gets right up next to you, but it's not going to be able to attack unfortunately. It uses its full movement and runs toward you with an unnatural speed and it leaps and lands on you with its claws grabbing your chest and you begin to fall back and start to catch yourself. Go ahead and make your attacks. The rest of you manage to catch up to the group. Everyone else running up to the center tunnel? As you guys approach, you hit the tunnel and begin to move inside as eight skeletons begin to curve around the corner. No, currently she's still being assaulted by a shadow ghast. Perfect! You're stabbing at the guy that's got her? That'll do it, actually. As you repeatedly jab your dagger into the back of it, its tongue is lashing out and its claws are trying to sink into her armor. Can't seem to find any purchase on her flesh. The horrible smell of its breath is on you as you watch as dark blood spatters out of its mouth on you as it's being stabbed to death on top of you. The weight pushes you onto your back, and you crumple onto the ground as it goes limp. You have to shove it off of you. As you guys are getting up to do this action, the rest of you made it up to the tunnel, and you can see as the eight skeletons begin to turn around the corner and begin hacking at the slowest who's there, which is going to be Pike. So Pike, you get four skeletons that are able to attack you at this entrance way. 13 misses. Misses. Misses. They all miss! They're scratching at your armor. You guys run past the skeletons? All right so you guys all continue to run in. As you guys run past, Pike, four attacks of opportunity on you from the ones that were attacking you. 15. No. No. 17, no. What's your armor class? 19, it rolled naturally, plus four equals 23. One has managed to finally get to you. It swings up with its shortsword at you, and you take eight points of piercing damage. One of the skeletal shortswords strikes across the back of your armor. It glides off and catches you in the edge of the ear and you're like (yelps). But you guys continue to run into this. Are you running with them? As you're shouting this to skeletons, you glance off over the back of your shoulder and you see a bit of torchlight emerge as a black orb burns through a stone wall. Make an investigation check. You put your hand through to find a specific place-- 13? Maybe. All right, go ahead and roll. 24, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 1d4 with the gauntlets then add your strength modifier. All right, as you slam your fist into the wall, part of it breaks and cracks and you can see earth begin to fall and filter in and it's not enough to take it down. You can hear multiple skeleton voices and you see a bunch of them rushing up the hallway at you. Okay, both of you guys take fire. Throw your second punch. All hit. TRAVIS. 12, 24. Okay. So you're grabbing Pike by the back of the armor and you guys are rushing. It is starting to collapse and fall behind you. At that moment, you feel the low sub-vibration of another titan footfall. At that point, it sends the rest of this cavern into a more rapid collapse. As you can hear the cracking sound of the rocks behind you, Grog, make a dexterity saving throw. You guys are probably a little bit higher up than him. 17? As you're moving forward and you're rushing, some of the rocks begin to slam into you. Both you and Pike suffer seven points of bludgeoning damage. The impact of rocks-- make an athletics check. Yeah, the rocks begin to collapse around you and they begin to pin your body, but the physical strength you have manages to break through and you are not held in the collapsing tunnel beginning to push forward. You all begin to rush. Slowly the sound of the collapsing tunnel subsides as you begin to glance upward and see the color of green-blue light approaching. Make a perception check. It sounds like the crumbling noises have begun to subside, and all you can hear now is the slow resting and easing to existing loose rubble and rock, the slow clattering behind you. You guys can slow down. You're about 15 feet from the surface at this point. You reach out, and your hand passes through nothing. You peek up past the edge. The sky above you glows a sickly teal color as the darkened storm above is obscured by the crackle of the arcane barrier that encases the city. Glancing at the size of the barrier and the points of origin, you can see that only the inner portion of Thar Amphala is here. The inner wall and everything within. The outer regions were left in the Shadowfell when it was transported. Peppered shifting shapes of winged, black clusters of creatures scan the sky above. Dozens and dozens of gloomstalkers seeking any sight of intruders across the enclosed atmosphere of this arcane dome. In the distance, you can see the terrible spire of Entropis standing once more. A web-like network of greenish energy fork like veins across the exterior to hold the structure firm. A muffled boom is heard. You glance up, and see from the outside of this dome an explosion burst across the magical barrier. Harmless, then dissipates. Squinting hard, you can make out obscured shapes of wyvern riders. Swarming and circling the outside of the barrier. Well, you traveled with wyvern riders. You don't know how many there are. But do note that you did travel with wyvern riders. Tossing occasional weapons that bounce off and shatter with sparks across this barrier. Nothing is coming through and they're trying to find a weak point somewhere of what is encasing this. Currently, no help to you in your circumstance. You see a massive skyship hovering far above that's unable to do anything and is staying far enough out of reach to not unfortunately fall. You catch a flashing glance of a huge winged beast streak across the top of the barrier a glittering brass dragon. An arcing blast of arcane energy fires from the barrier, striking J'mon Sa Ord, who briefly jolts from the impact, but barely changes course to curve away and out of sight. As your vision now begins to focus down to the city around you, you can see the mostly intact buildings you recall from your last jaunt through Thar Amphala. The interior of the city is less war-damaged from past history frays. Here you stand, and here's where we're going to take a break. We'll return here in a few minutes. We have a video at the break to get you guys ready for the Wyrmwood giveaway. Once again, help out with the earthquake recovery in Mexico if you can. And we'll see you guys in a few minutes. [break] You guys are maybe 150 feet or so from the edge, so you're toward the side of the city. The tower is in the very center, so it's maybe half a mile from you. It's not half a mile; half a mile is ridiculous. No, it's maybe 400 feet from you? If you were to look out at it from an overhead circle view, from the center, you're a little ways near the edge. Yeah, you're about 150 feet from the edge. At this point, looking up, you see about three or four that are maybe 70 or 80 feet above you. But they're doing passes. They're not being stationary and they're constantly circling through. As you glance up and look and nudge away, you can see their yellow eyes piercing from their black, lightless form. Their wings, as they expand and shift, you can see that faint glance, the beams of their vision, scanning across the rooftops. They're all very intent on seeing what's going through the city. Make a perception check. 29? Okay. Couple things. One, as you glance through the streets, you can see now why the top chamber of Thomara was so bereft of undead. They've all been moved topside. You see, glancing through the bits of street that you have in visual range, maybe 35 to 40 dwarven undead that are wandering through open spaces, mixing with the various soldiers from battles long past, when Thar Amphala still existed in the Shadowfell. You've encountered those undead already. You also glance around past the gloomstalkers as you're keeping an eye. As you're scanning through the crowds, you see something different larger, flying through the skies on the opposite end of the dome. It appears winged, with a tail, but porous, like a tattered sail or a ladder. A skeletal beast of long neck and tail makes a baneful circle over the city with burning green-blue eyes. It's kind of dragon-shaped. It appears to be skeletal. There is no flesh. With what little bit of look you can see, you can see the light behind the dome is-- Not bleached-white bone, but yellowish, off-white bone with various shades of rot to it. It's coasting around and you get one view of it as it begins to spin. You get a faint, distant glance at it. You only see one, but it is apparently also making its path over the city with the rest of the gloomstalkers. It does have stretched bits of broken, leftover flesh and leather that are tattered in places. Have you scryed before? All right, so. As you glance into this crystalline sphere, your vision begins to go dark at the edges. Tunnel vision begins to slowly swell and take your view. Your breath quickens. It's a really uncomfortable and unfamiliar feeling. But as your vision goes tunnel into the sphere, the coloration and the diffraction of the little bit of light and vision you have in this tunnel go cloudy and blur. The tunnel vision withdraws. It gets darker and darker, and you can see before you a hilt of some sort of black blade. It's beautiful and hooked in places. It's surrounded by muck. It's surrounded by what you get a sense of, but there's no open space around it. It is in some thick, molasses-like silt. It's the same color. There's no light in the vicinity. You can sense it's there, but you do sense that the earth around it is not super hard. There is a dampness. When I say silt-- It seems to be submerged somewhere. (laughter) So you see it before you, but because it's seemingly buried in this area of damp rock and silt, you have no other idea of where it is. As much as the Scry spell can employ, yes. Okay. Within a thousand feet of you. Okay. In a brief instant, you close your eyes, recite the incantation, snap your fingers. As you do, from behind your closed lids, you immediately feel this draw, this sense, this direction. It is not moving. It is stationary. It is-- No, it's within a thousand miles. Let me see. Sense the direction. So you know the direction of it at all times. You don't know quite how far from you it is. You sense it's lateral and down from where you are. Deeper toward the city, but at a downward angle. The direction you're going, but down. Do consider, once you do find it, the sword cannot earthglide with you. Yeah, probably. The spell only lasts for up to ten minutes, by the way. So you've got to move quick. You still have to whisper in the earring. Unfortunately, it's already been used. Okay. As you cast the spell, you close your eyes and snap your fingers. It can't find anything. Unfortunately, you have to have seen the object for the spell to have an effect. This was so much DND right there. All the DND. Everyone who's ever played DND is right now going "yep, I've been there." All right, so what's the plan? All right, so this lasts up to two hours, concentration, and you can move a 40-foot space to create a tunnel every ten minutes. Okay, then. Keyleth, Vex, you feel a very faint vibration in the ground. What are you doing, guys? All right, so you guys all emerge out into the open light-- Make a perception check. No, just the ones who are looking. Okay, the two of you glance off as you're emerging. Your exiting point looks to be a hole in the middle of a street that has been dug down. From this point, you can see there's a nearby building, maybe 20 feet from you, that is a two-story building that is partially collapsed, but still mostly intact. Yeah, there's a gloomstalker at any given point in time within a hundred feet of you. They're all keeping a net of movement around. You hear rocks beginning to emerge-- No, because when you cast Locate Object, that stopped. Okay, mark that off. So as you guys all emerge topside, rushing this 20 feet distance, I need you all to make stealth checks. Grog, you make it with advantage; you're still visible-- Using what spell level? Sorry, I misheard. I thought you only had a 9th-level spell slot left. Pike was being carried. His roll was dependent on both of them. So as you guys dart through the open light, the first time you've seen light since arriving in this titan. The sky outside is super dark; most of the light here is actually emanating from the barrier. It's creating its own false twilight sense over this entire city. As you rush into the room, you all dart into the nearby doorway. There's a half-ajar door that's broken, and you push through, being careful not to slam into it or to break it and cause any noise, but you all rush into this chamber. Immediately, the smell wafts of old decay, and glancing around, you can see long-dried bits of flesh or nondescript innards that have long withered and turned to partial dust. You all come into the shadow of the chamber and take a minute to breathe. You hear the distant sound (screeching, flapping, crunch). You hear one perch on one of the buildings about one block down (screeching, flapping) and continue off. It does not appear that you are currently being stalked or noticed. If I recall correctly, the entrance is only visible to people that you signify. Okay, it is visible, but only creatures you designate can enter. That's the difference. So it is a faint shimmer. Make an investigation check. Okay. You go to help him. Most of the furniture in here is destroyed and withered. You go upstairs, and there is a double-door cabinet. A cupboard. I can't wait to take you to Universal. All right, so you cast the mansion in the cupboard. The shimmering purple hue, the familiar vision of the door of Scanlan's magnificent mansion arrives. Who's going and who's staying? Pike, Grog, Percy, and Scanlan staying? The three of you going? To transfer to a Gate Stone? No, you have to activate it and hold it on one side, but it brings you to wherever the Gate Stone is. Okay. You pocket it. You sense you maybe have three more minutes on your spell, by the way, Vex. Okay, the rest of you head into the mansion quietly. Okay, good to know. So as you all vanish in the mansion, you are outside of the need to utilize the radial portion of the ring. The three of you with the spell quickly waning, you begin to make your way outdoors. I need another stealth check from you three. What did you get? So as you guys rush outward into the open way, you begin to head across the thoroughfare, following Vex, who's currently leading the charge, and you can sense it down below. At this point, based on the trajectory of it, make an intelligence check. Yeah, roll plus your intelligence modifier. 12? Okay. You're not sure of the distance based on the angle, but you know it's getting closer. So you guys begin darting from building to building. Keyleth is straggling a bit behind and ends up stubbing her toe and instinctually lets out a yelp sound. At which point, you hear a distant shriek. Okay. Thankfully, because there is an old ancient cobblestone walkway here with loose stone, but portions of it have been destroyed and broken, and you can find loose earth easy enough and you can dart in. You Scrooge McDuck dive into the stone. As you guys dart off to the side and you watch as two gloomstalkers land where she was (screeching) and begin to scan over and look through, and they're walking forward on their large, hefty, muscular hind legs, walking past where you guys are hiding off to the side. They stop and then turn around, and one of them scans past and you both barely duck out of the way. They both take off, one after the other. And as such, you don't have to make a stealth check. You're down below, and you follow their footsteps underneath. You guys continue on your current stealth run. You get forward about another 150 or so feet. Do you want to keep going or do you want to cast? There's a handful. Most of the city has been long abandoned. Right. Okay, so you duck into a small alleyway. You guys are keeping out of view and waiting for the swarms of undead in the street, and as you come around the corner you immediately see about 12 or 13 zombies clattering past. As you're waiting for them to pass by, eventually they get quieter and quieter. You take a minute and you cast the spell Locate Object, and it's a much steeper angle now. You're getting much closer to it. So do you want to keep going? Roll another stealth check. Both of you, actually, because we've gone partway through. Not that I have to worry about Vax. Yeah, because you still have Pass Without a Trace from underneath. Okay. The two of you, making your way through, ducking between streets and passages. Eventually, you get to a point where you sense and almost-- You're fine. You get about another 85, 100 or so feet, and it's nearly directly below you. You're about halfway between the edge of the wall and where Entropis, the tower, is. Okay. So you swim down. Okay, and you're feeling through earth. Make an investigation check. With disadvantage because you are currently blind in the earth. You can glide through it. But you can't see through the earth. Give it a shot. That's not how it works. What did you roll? Five. Okay. You swim around for about a minute or so, and you're finding nothing. So yeah, you're swimming around in there. You're not finding anything. You don't know the distance, just direction. You failed your intelligence check, so you're not quite able to consider the changing angle for distance. Make an intelligence check. Okay. You don't know much about how etherealness works or what the effects are. You don't know if it will help or hinder. You're not entirely certain what the effects will do. Okay. As the oil slathers around you, your vision of the world becomes dark gray and colorless. It's very similar to when Frodo puts the ring on. There's a flickering sense, and the world itself seems to be immersed in shadow and not quite there. You watch as all the skeletons that are swarming through the streets and your brother all become translucent and almost not there, like these ghostly visions of them. The ground's hard. You ignore objects and effects that aren't on the Ethereal Plane. Actually, no, this is a point of order here ignores all objects and effects that aren't on the Ethereal Plane. This is complicated. So here's the thing. Here's technically what happens as the oil begins to be pressed along your body, you begin to look around and notice as your vision goes gray and everything begins to fade, everything begins to fade. As in, on the Ethereal Plane, Thar Amphala, this interpretation of this space, is not at this location. Let's see here. This is getting really wonky. Allowing you to move through objects you perceive-- no, that's true. It's not there on the Ethereal Plane, it's only on this plane. I'm sorry. This got really confusing. Welcome to DND. Thar Amphala, there is no version of it on the Ethereal Plane, however, which means that currently you can pass through the ground. Yes. My apologies. The Ethereal Plane overlaps this one. It layers it in a similar way that the Shadowfell does. Which-- As you dissipate in the Ethereal Plane-- So as you vanish into the space, a little whisper curls into your ear, Vax'ildan. "Ah, there "you are. I've been looking all over for you and your friends. Welcome." And that's it. But they don't hear you because they're not in the same plane with the earrings. No, she doesn't. No. Okay, make another check. Let's see here. You can move up or down. You glide through the ground. Okay, was that with disadvantage? Okay. You're still floundering around. You have Vax dart off and Vex has vanished. Okay. So are you darting back? Okay, are you going to stealth? Your movement speed, at double movement, would be 60 with the double dash. You're moving 30 feet per round because when you're moving through the Ethereal Plane through solid objects and matter, it does slow you to half speed. You can't see her, you can't sense her, but you do sense the sword. You sense the direction still, because Locate Object is still in effect, and you're drifting down, down, down. About a hundred feet. 150 feet. And then as you head down to that point, you suddenly emerge and you can see a small cavern, maybe ten feet in diameter. Looks like there's a bit of rubble. Looks like there may have been a path that led to here that long crumbled and was either intentionally collapsed or naturally collapsed by the movement of the titan. And as you come into this ten-foot little cavern space, half of the floor is coated in this brackish green fluid, and the other half is solid rock. Okay. It then takes you at a slight angle down into the liquid, and now you can see the tunnel continues downward. There's a small basin that changes shape as you go down into this murky greenish fluid, down where there's no light. It is normally pitch black here, but the etherealness allows you to take a little bit of the space in. Looking around, you can see that there is a thick residue that is gathered along the edges, and there at the bottom, you can sense, though you cannot see it because it is actually a few inches beneath the muck, you assume, the sword. Correct. This is going to be an interesting question. How long does it last on the oil? I feel like it lasts for an hour. Let me double check. Let's see. All right, make another check. Yep. Yep. 13? Okay. You begin to eventually find a tunnel that appears to be completely packed with collapsed loose rock and earth. It's been long collapsed. Seems to be at an angle, yeah. Takes you a little bit. Eventually, your spell dissipates. Well, no. The spell lasts for up to ten minutes. Vax, what have you been doing? How far have you traveled from the building? You're about 120 feet, maybe? As you're waiting there paralyzed, the voice creeps in once again. "But where are all your "friends? Why are you alone?" (chuckles) You eventually break through the edge and come into the same small cavern that she encountered, and you can see the dark green fluid there. Nothing. Since she took the oil, yeah. Okay. So what do you do, Keyleth? It looks like a cavern, filled partially with fluid. Still on Entropis. Vax. You begin to hear loud wings flapping louder and louder outside and above, a different sound than the wings of a gloomstalker. So are you moving stealthily or are you bolting? All right. Vax. Okay. As you're stealthing, moving along, you can glance over or keep focusing forward. All right, you keep going. You move, move. You can hear the wings; you can hear this horrible raspy, sounds like a whetstone being slid across steel, slowed down with bass. It's this (croaks). Okay. Eventually, you find your way back to the household, seemingly not directly followed, but you hear the wings are circling, more localized to where this house is. Keyleth, what are you doing? Yeah. It's a little syrupy, but it definitely splashes. It looks brown, green, sludgy. It doesn't look like the typical acid you've encountered, but it looks like a liquid. You take two points of acid damage. It is a caustic liquid. Okay. So you dive into the liquid? Okay. You coast along the outside and you can sense that you're traveling on the outskirts of this descending tunnel where the acidic liquid is encased, and eventually it rounds out. Make an investigation check. No, because you know what you're looking for. Okay. You reach out and you grab forth, and you feel a few things that you grab and as you sense them, you poke your head through, which in the process of doing, you do suffer six points of acid damage, and your hands find bones. And glancing through a little bit into the space, you can see the entire bottom of this basin is bones. Probably a good four to five feet of stacked bones. This has been used as a means of disposing of unwanted things. Four points of acid damage, and you're finding nothing, but rummaging through. Yeah, you can. On the bottom of it or another side? What do you want to do? Go for it. Make another investigation check. You take ten points of acid damage. Make another check if you want to. You suffer eight points of acid damage, and you reach through and your hand finally hits something hard and cold within the silt. It's stuck in the muck, but there's something there that is not like the rest of the bone. It feels metal. Make a strength check. Okay. You take seven points of acid damage. As you reach out and you grab, and you can now glance through and see this is the hilt of a blade, and it's stuck in the muck. You yank it free; you pull it out of the muck, and it's free at this point. You're surrounded by skeletal bones, and you feel the fingers pulling at you and tearing, and you look around you as a wall of these corpses, these broken corpses, all begin to grasp at you-- You can't pull this into the rock with you. It's metal; it doesn't come into the rock. It doesn't earthglide with you. So you have to glide up with your hand out. Make another strength check to see if you can break the grapple of the undead hands that are now grabbing and trying to hold you there at the bottom of the basin. No. 21? You do manage to break free. You suffer another five points of acid damage and begin to earthglide your way up. You get about halfway up and suffer another nine points of acid damage. And you eventually emerge from the top as you suffer another seven points of acid damage and manage to earthglide. You watch as all of a sudden the water separates and bursts, and you watch as her earth elemental form emerges, its hand coming up through the water, clutching a blackened blade. (laughing) Cosmic bear? It's been about 30 minutes. As the cold sense of worry comes over you, you clutch the necklace and there's a flash as you watch Trinket's form burst from the necklace, gray and shaded. And you see as Trinket pops out of nowhere. By the way, between the two of you, you guys are pretty crammed into here to not be in the acid right now. You're both like (grunts). (confused bear noises) He's sniffing around. You can. How long can you hold your form? Yeah, so you're here for a while. Okay. So you guys sit and wait, carefully thinking, contemplating. Over the next 30 minutes or so, eventually you begin to watch as Vex'ahlia's form begins to emerge once more into this plane. Trinket is licking your face intensely. It's what you saw, yeah. (cheering) MARISHA and It might take you a little while, but you can find your way back. Okay. You concentrate for a minute as the stone's energy fills you. You flash and all of a sudden you're standing over the other stone-- Yeah. You know where it is. Okay, you grab the stones and go in the mansion. As you make your way slowly in that direction, you hear a little voice whisper in your ear. "It's not going to help you." (laughter) Eventually, you slowly make your way to the building, and as you emerge from the inside, you can hear the loud flapping of wings nearby, jumping from rooftop to rooftop. All right. You dart into the mansion. You guys watch as Keyleth's elemental form bursts into the mansion space with the rest of you. There's a moment with a faint, whining, high-pitched sound and this sudden thrust. There's a sudden thrust of vacuum as the mansion around you dissipates and you're all plopped onto the ground outside of the cupboard where across, crawled upward partway into the building, you see a skeletal dragon standing there, its claws jammed into the inside, its wings open, and you see standing on the back of the dragon, finger forward-- I know. Finger forward, finishing the Dispel Magic she had cast, Delilah Briarwood, with behind her, darkened armor, arms around Sylas, grinning. As she goes, "Oh. Glad you could make it. "No, wait!" As soon as you gather, she's going to attempt to Counterspell. (chuckles) So Plane Shift is 7th-level, right? Okay, good to know. So where are you Plane Shifting to? Feywild, okay. That's a natural eight. As she attempts to counter the spell, even at a higher level, it fizzles, unable to break through. And all of you, as you watch her hand extend and Sylas about to dismount-- (whoosh) (yelling) You guys all plop down, your feet hitting the somewhat wet, grassy ground of the swamp where you-- You said the pools where you first emerged last time? Yeah. Where the nymph was. You guys all land in these pools. Looking around, you can see the darkened wood over you. The sound of crickets and nearby insects fill the air, and for the first time in a long time, though your blood pumping would not tell you, a stillness and a peace in the vicinity around you. Make a perception check. All right. Glance about your vicinity. You see nothing that has noticed your presence or seems to be of interest to you at the moment. As you concentrate on the cold metal of the weapon, a different but still familiar sense creeps in. "I get the sense this isn't the first time." "I also sense we have a similar goal." "The lich must die." "The lich." "Yes." (laughter) "Oh no." So are you inspecting it, or are you attuning to it? Yeah, he's talking to his weapon. You have all seen this before, and it's as disconcerting now as it was last time. "His secrets, his followers, all of it must topple. You will be my instrument." "Just wield me. Spill blood for me. Bring me to the Undying King and cut his throat with my "blade. That's all I ask. That's all I need." It's still currently embedded in its scabbard. You hear the sword go "It's been so long." Make a charisma saving throw. 12? Okay. Oh man. We'll say, for the purposes of this, that the attunement is successful. All right. You suffer 38 points of psychic damage. Your vision goes cloudy. You guys watch as his skin color goes from his general stone gray to a more pale white. You watch as his physical body becomes more gaunt. The jowls sink in slightly, and his eyes turn a little red around the iris. Your vision goes a bit dark, and the sword goes "Blood. I need blood. Give me blood. I'm so "hungry." You find yourself standing up with the blade out in front of you. Make two attacks against Vax. Vax. He's the closest one. Not at the moment, no. He's not familiar with your capabilities yet. It's a longsword, so roll 1d8. Second strike. You dodge both blows as Grog goes and swings at you twice with the longsword. Who's closer to Grog right now, between the two of you? Two attacks on Vex, please. What was it? Roll 1d8. Add your strength modifier. So you take ten points of slashing damage. As the blade arcs across the front of your sister, you see a spray of blood. Make a second attack. Roll another d8. Nine damage. As she reels back from the first strike, the second one cuts across the shoulder and clavicle area, down the arm. As another spray of blood hits, you pull back and watch as the blade is now currently drenched in Vex's blood. There you go. As the second attack comes to a halt, you guys are watching him carve into Vex. The blood on the edge of the blade seeps into it, and your tunnel vision subsides, and you take a breath. You hear this audible (sigh) from the blade, as you have control of yourself once more. Okay, make an attack. Add your strength modifier. So she (crack) hits you in the jaw. It goes, (quiet punch). It all came full circle. It's the episode title there. The sword is a dick. There's a long pause before it thinks. "I've not taken a name but the one that's been given. "But in honor of my last master, just call me Kas." "I make no promises." "Take me to the lich." "Are you taking the scabbard to the Undying King's innards?" "Very well." You take 1d4 points of damage. It seeps into the dark, almost pitch-black metal. You hear the inhale of the blade as it takes in the blood and seems to devour it. Just a note, this conversation is strange, since you're staring at Grog and his eyes are burning a little red. The visual change is still that way. He's still muscular. All the skin is pulled taut against the bone. So what's the plan? That's true, you didn't. Sure, I'll allow it. I'm so excited. "This is Vox Machina, by the way." (laughter and applause) It's not too bad. As you suddenly hear a voice behind you, Vex, and you turn to look and Artagan is right there behind you. "I'll keep it a secret best I can. Best I can." He stands there before you, his yellowish-green attire with the high collar and his wild, orangish hair framing his face like a lion's mane. His pale, elfin, fey complexion. Smiles as he puts the hands together. "Well. Show me a good time." (nervous laughter) He doesn't flinch. "Well, that is considered good manners, definitely." "How have you been? What's going on?" (yelling and laughter) "Define the request, please." "Weird? Time is fun when you go back." (chuckles) "Are you telling me that you would stumble into this space unannounced, summon "me here under the pretense of a good time, and then request me to bend the very essence of time "passage between my plane and yours?" "Now we're talking. I could help." "More or less." "Well... You all dress very differently than the last time we met. You're doing well for "yourselves, then?" "That's quaint." "That's fun." "Tell you what. I'll help you under two conditions. One should you go back and defeat "this wannabe god thing you speak of and all is well and you're heroes and you have all of this "influence and money and everything's grand, we can discuss maybe creating a doorway for me that "allows passage. I'll come visit and see what strangeness your world seems to have whenever I'd like." "Oh, I'm sure I can figure out a way." "But I'm sure if you succeed, that won't be a problem, and if you fail, well, then I guess the "deal's off, anyway." "Second I wish to strangle you until death." (laughter) "I wish to put my hands on your throat until you expire. If you say you're unkillable, well, "that's a new experience entirely." "I'm afraid it doesn't work that way, but I could give the mere passage of an hour." "Day for an hour. I think it's a fair trade, yes?" "Sure. Day for an hour. 24 hours are yours to do as you like." He actually laughs at this and goes, "I think the process will be enjoyable enough." "It's a pulse stone." "A pulse stone." LAURA and "It's meant to distract undead. "It just does." "That's up to you. I'm just altering the time flow. Do you not have a means of returning? "You found your way here." "I'm concentrating on the passage of time. That's a large enough endeavor in itself." "Take your preference. I'm just happy to have friends." "If you must." And he winks, and for a second you see his form shimmer and you see the small satyr image for a moment before it restores to his grand visage. "A long time ago." Make an intelligence check. Just the intelligence modifier. Well, it was restored via spell. As part of the actual effect, yeah. You have no idea who he is. "Things rearrange every eon or so, and the ley lines that guide the paths shift, and I "haven't been able to get back since." "I don't know. I haven't tried it." Sure, make a deception check. Sorry, an insight check. Lying about which one? You have no idea. He's slippery. He's mercurial. "Fair enough. I think it would spoil the moment, anyway." I don't know where this came from? Yeah, slow. A hint. "I wouldn't dream of trying, little one. Don't worry." "Welcome to my world." Okay. Pike, have you left as well? "You believe this? You really believe you're going to come back if you die?" "Fair play. To the immortals." And he takes your throat and begins to squeeze, his eyes locked in, and he keeps watching you. LAURA and He locks in. Yeah. Without making any other noise, continues to apply pressure. Eventually, your vision begins to go dark. This is so weird. I know! It was a fascination with something different and new and you said "cannot die," and that immediately piqued his interest. Even the nicest of fey are weird and have their dark sides. Yeah. You watch over the next minute or so as he strangles the life out of Vax. This is so fucked up! I know. Limp in his grasp, Garmelie eventually pulls one hand back. Still holds him now; his feet are dangling, and goes like "Satisfying, but not what I thought it would be." At which point, you watch as the body and flesh of Vax begins to burn to ashes out of the armor, and the armor falls to the ground in pieces. "Of course. It's yours." As you guys are swimming, the water breaks and you see the still dry hair as it emerges from the pool of Garmelie, though he is now undressed in the water, as well. "Ah! So that's one deal "done. Where do you wish to rest?" "While I'm here, yes." "Of course! Please." And he points over and you look back to where you were on the edge of the pool, and you can see there's a bunch of stumps that weren't there before that seem to have elongated into chairs and couches and bits of furniture. "Thank you." "One day." "We can play." "Oh, do about yourselves. You seem disturbed by my presence." "Yes?" "I am familiar with the werewolves that now roam these lands, yes." "No, not at the moment." "I have an idea where they might be. I know when they're not near me." "Sounds interesting." "I don't know." "I mean, that'd be great but I can't." "Once you have the door, I'd be happy to join you." "Depends how long you can build a doorway, I suppose." "Most likely. No offense to any of you if you're carpenters." "Well, take your time! Rest. Food is prepared. You can go amongst yourselves. I'll be "here, splashing away." And he splashes into the water. Plenty of food on these small stools here and there. Okay. Is there anything you guys wish to accomplish in this time, or do you want to take time to wait to see if your friend returns? (questioning bear noise) "Yes?" "What's a wyvern?" (spits) (laughter) You've got time to think. We'll say for the purposes of the time you have been waiting. Hours pass. You're not sure how much time has passed. You've plotted, you've thought, you've napped, you've contemplated this weird bubble of time that now exists, this brief respite, but where it leads you is unique and strange. As you all begin to question and wonder, is he going to come back? Does he come back here? Last time you saw him, he arrived with you in the Feywild. But you carried the ashes with you then. As soon as these doubts begin to emerge, you turn at the sound of a footfall and around the corner, hand on the side of a tree, you see for the second time in this grove a nude Vax'ildan. And that's where we'll end tonight's game. Because it is past 11. Man, a lot of weird shit happened that game! I'm sorry! It made sense for him in the moment! It was a weird, dark shade of the fey you don't see. But that's the fun of it. How much can you trust any fey? Man, I'm sorry the etherealness went bottoms-up. It was probably an eventuality. (laughs) I'll see what I can do. TALIESIN and But anyway, thank you guys. We're going to get some rest. Thank you guys for going with us through this very interesting episode. Yeah. We'll return next week, and I think we'll have a special guest next week. Yeah.