Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) So, you may have noticed, we have a new set. Our crew's been kicking ass and working hard to get this done in time for this episode, and we're pretty keen on it. so welcome to the visual upgrade to Critical Role. That includes the glasses, the hats, and the various accoutrements. I should probably put mine up too. Perfect, that's what was missing. Right in my lav. Anyway, welcome. The start of the episode. All day, the energy from the community on the internet has been just overwhelming. The stories, the messages, the art. It's been intense. That's because of you guys, all of you. There are so many people to thank for the fact that we've been doing this as long as we have, and enjoying it as much as we have every step of the way. Thank you to everyone here at Geek & Sundry that brought us in, and had faith in this weird little show. Thank you to my incredible cast that really make the show. I set the table, you all actually make the dinner. You all eat it. Thank you to everyone who's been a part of it. Thank you to Orion Acaba and Tiberius, who started this adventure with us before going off on his own, thank you to all of our amazing guests we've had Wil Wheaton, Felicia Day, Will Friedle, Mary Elizabeth, Chris Perkins, Patrick Rothfuss, Noelle Stevenson, Jason Charles Miller, Phil Lamarr and Ashly Burch who we had on one of our one-shots, which was fantastic. And tonight, returning to this next chapter of the story, we have Jon Heder. And Kit Buss who came in! Our fantastic artist, Kit Buss. We've had a few guests. Barbarian the whole way, I wouldn't have expected it. Jon Heder, who will be here. But thank you, everybody, and more than anyone that I just mentioned, the community. You guys, you guys who have somehow taken our crazy adventure into your hearts and come along and laughed and cried and tensed your butthole at the moments we did. Yes. Never stop. You guys, it is an honor, it's a privilege, it's overwhelming, it is humbling. It is truly magical, of anything I've experienced outside of this wonderful girl here. I was pointing at Taliesin. But no, thank you all so very, very much. We're all so happy to have you here. And let's get into our announcements for the evening. (cheering) First and foremost, our hundredth episode tonight is sponsored by Marvel Puzzle Quest, returning once again. Thank you so much for being our amazing sponsor. Sam? If you want to. We all laugh now, until the announcement of the Extended Puppy comic series at Comic Con in a few months. Of, if you want to go ahead and discuss this-- who wants to pick this up? We have-- (sings) Wake up, wake up, wake up, It's the end of the month. Google Play Music, or the Geek and Sundry website. Yes, we can. So, getting into our merch and part of the celebration of the hundredth episode, Laura. What have you got in store? Yes. And we're only selling the one. Thank you, David. Really appreciate it, man. Awesome. And what else you guys got? I don't want any of your shit! Don't want it! Brian, eat it. I don't want it. Don't! I have things to do! All righty, so, thank you very much for those announcements, guys. Other cool things coming up. Our fine friends at Wyrmwood, we have an awesome spot to show during the break today, showing some of their awesome craftsmanship and their partnership, showing off their products as well. There's an amazing giveaway at the mid-break that we'll show you guys when we get there, so stick around for the mid-break when we get to that point to see the process of what they do and how they do it and all the awesome things they produce there. You can find their stuff, by the way, at wyrmwoodgaming.com/criticalrole for free domestic shipping with the promo code-- Liam? What's the promo code? That's okay. Anyway, thank you very much. Looking forward to that at the break. Also, those asking about campaign guide information, for the Tal'dorei campaign guide. All that is up on the Green Ronin website. You can go there, go ahead and find out when it's coming out, how to find it, all that fun stuff, and I hope you like it. Soon, I guess. Also, we have an awesome infographic up on social media and the website, put together from our friends at CritRoleStats, Andrew and all you awesome guys. So they're awesome, go check that out, a lot of fun trivia elements about how long we've been running the show, and apparently how many nonexistent characters live in my brain. We're in the 500s. That has to be certifiable on some level. Give it time, I'm sure. We are running out of receptacles for soda pop, Sam. Also, I'm going to be at A-Kon tomorrow. Fly out in the morning to Texas. So, looking forward to seeing you guys in Dallas. I agreed to this a long time ago! And it all just coordinated. No. Yes. Nonstop. That's okay, it was nice while it lasted. So see you guys at A-Kon in Dallas, Texas. Talks Machina, always live, Tuesdays, 7PM Pacific time on Twitch and Alpha. Talk about this crazy episode next week. Hosted by the fantastic Brian Wayne Foster. Thank you for eating my cupcake. Still, surprisingly. All right, Signal Boost, new episode, with? Or as Waluigi in "There Will Be Brawl." There you go. And we have some other cool announcements coming up in the coming weeks, so keep an eye out and an ear out for each episode. We'll have a few more fun things that we can announce as the month goes on. So, that, I believe, will bring us to -- Appreciate it, Medhiv. All right, guys. We ready? Let's dive in now to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] And the lava's connected. Welcome back, Jon! Glad you could join us again. (cheering) You've been to Ank'harel, you've been around quite a bit, and you've seen a number of trees. The city itself, within the walls, through magical means or otherwise, there is an interior oasis within the city itself. There is the sand and dust that blows in from the outside desert that surrounds it in Marquet, but there are a number of ponds and rivers and large palm trees and other types of trees that are risen. There are small clusters that form almost minute forests throughout the city, whether they be a park to wander through or a means of harvesting whatever the trees have to offer for the people that live there. But you've seen a number of trees and it's easy enough to make your way there. Okay. As Keyleth reaches out, Lionel, you watch as the small half-elf red-headed girl reaches out and touches the tree, and suddenly the trunk splits open at the base, and you watch as what seems to be a glowing doorway of divine energy appears. After an incredibly long, well-stretched six seconds, you all eventually make your way through the doorway into the center of Ank'harel. The temperature difference is stark, it's immediate. Whereas you had a gradual transition to Ank'harel last time you were there, going from the Whitestone colder, more damp climate to the immediate dry heat of the central Marquet desert is just immediate, it's uncomfortable-- it may be comfortable for some of you-- and your mouth immediately dries out for a moment, and you have to adjust to the new atmosphere. Looking around you, you've emerged from the outside of one of the central oases, which is kind of near the Lux Run where you originally entered the city. There, you see the streets are bustling and busy. It's starting to get closer to later in the evening now, on this part of Exandria. You can see the sky's starting to get a little darker. There's an element of dusk that will probably be setting in about an hour. But here you are. Perfect. So you step off to the side to a point where you're not being noticed and take on, once again, the illusory facade of the Meat Man. Stepping out into the sunlight once more, you see the imposing figure of the Meat Man now amongst you. If you would like to take a moment to give everyone hugs as part of your Inspiring Leader, sure. It's a ten-minute, like, hug it out. I know! And not in Keyleth's bailiwick at all! So, you brought Scanlan and Tary for this. Are they both? So everyone except for Scanlan gets 17 temporary hit points. As you all slowly begin to realize the slight display you've given in the center of the town, especially those of you in your darker, heavier leathers amongst this very warm, open air. Did you? Okay, I'll trust you on that. You would've, it's fine. But it's less the attire. You're still wearing your armor, I assume. So, you're still in heavy leathers. So you're still a display of people in heavy leather hugging for ten minutes in the middle of this open thoroughfare. So it's not like all of a sudden there's a crowd gathered around you. But occasionally there's a few merchants across the way that are like, "So, anyway, as I was saying..." "Be pleased." You watch as the Meat Man leads you down four or five different streets, dodging through a couple of alleyways and off onto the southern-eastern side of Ank'harel. There is a modest-looking tobacco shop that is in a poorer district, it's a little run-down. Run-down compared to a lot of Ank'harel, which is pretty colorful and very well-kept. So, it's pretty decent, average fare for Emon, considered the poorer side of Ank'harel. But you-- (laughs) It's one of the various beasts of burden that you're walking past in the streets of Ank'harel. (fart sound) To be fair, sometimes the Slayer's Cakes get a little... Adventurers can't get it right all the time. So you come to this modest tobacco shop. As you lead them into the interior, one of your employees, Doran, who is a rather scrawny-looking boy maybe of 22, 23, completely shaved head, tanned skin, a little sallow, but he's sitting there, balancing a long, thin, almost like a railroad-spike-type metal rod. He's just kind of balancing it over the wood, and as soon as the door opens, he fumbles. "Ah. Aes. It is a pleasure to have you back." "They have been well. You've only been gone for a few hours, but they've been uneventful." "None within the town, not since last-- oh, hi, Lionel!" "It's good to see you. Anyway." (laughter) "Really?" "But anyway." And he reaches down and pulls a small wooden lever, and it's like you see he's having to struggle with it. And as he does so, you hear the scraping of wood, and a chain-winch going. You watch as one of the small furrows in the back corner slowly lifts up and reveals a narrow staircase that leads down into a subterranean area. Doran. "For a number of months, yes." "We don't converse often, but he pays well, and the work is-- the work is very rewarding." (stammers) "I do not presume to want to-- I mean, unless you would want to?" "Okay, yes, I am sorry, I do not mean to--" Make a deception check. 19. (laughs) "Uh. I mean, if you--" Okay. "I think you have some incorrect intel, my friend." He sits back on his stool and takes his little rod and jams it into the wood and huffs as you guys all make your way down there. Which, both Lionel and Grog, you guys have to cannonball up real tight to make it through the corridor. You drag your way through by pulling on the little bits of wood and earth that mark the exterior walls of this descending staircase. The smell is musty. It's not damp, but you can sense that there is a smell of tobacco. You thought, oh, this tobacco shop's a front. As you go down, you see about ten feet down there is a large storage room that contains barrels of dried tobacco of all sorts, and has a very rich, pungent, but also like a nice spice scent to it in places. Spice. Ah! You lead them on down to the far end of the hallway. There is another door that is locked. You pull out a set of keys, unlock it, open it. It leads down another hallway, and then eventually what looks to be some smaller sets of barracks rooms. You see a few doors that are ajar and empty with some beds inside. You lead down another 20 or so feet to another chamber. And as it opens up, inside, you can see there are three tables arranged in a triangular pattern, and at the far end of the table, there is a single-- what looks like a throne-like chair. It's very well-crafted. It's gold-leafed in places, it has intricate scrolling on the sides and where the armrests are, and there you see an individual with a hooded cloak and a deep, bluish-purple color with what looks like a red crimson slash design around the back, a number of jewelry, and they're facing away, speaking towards the chair, for there on the chair sits an identical large, looming human male with long, dark hair and mustache, pockmarked skin, and is mid-conversation. You walk up to the two of them? All right. The cloaked figure is in the middle of conversation, and speaking Marquesian, which you understand, to the effect of, "We've been looking, and apparently all the shipments have "been diverted and held off until--" And hears the footsteps and turns over and sees you. "Oh." (confused sounds) Deception check. "I, um." Begins to pull a small blade out to the side. "I am under the impression that perhaps "one of you is a doppelganger, and whoever my boss is, would you please raise your hand?" The other one does. "Aes, what do we do?" And puts the blade forward, and you watch as the other Meat Man on the throne just says, "We do nothing. I know this man, and we will do our "business. Tell no one what you saw here, but if two more leave, I have been taken by its will and "you'll have to kill us both. I'm just kidding, that's a complete joke. But no, seriously, you "really-- go, go." And the-- The person with the cloak kind of-- "Thank you. Be pleased." And darts out of the room real fast. The other Meat Man on the throne goes, "Oh, Verath, I'm gonna work real hard to try and convince him other of that." (clears throat) "It is all right." "Good to see you as well. You all look... spry. You look alive." Besides you guys? No, it's just you guys and Lionel. Looks earnestly at Lionel. "Aye, very well." And you watch as the Meat Man on the throne suddenly diminishes into a smaller, gnome figure as well, only female, with short, almost buzzed sides of her dark brunette hair that poofs into a curl there. You can see she's also much tanner than you remember. She is wearing what looks to be a leather tunic that's straining against her rather large muscles for a small gnome, it looks like she's been making sure that nobody messes with her while she's in the city. She's pretty buff. "You know. The hot weather around here is a bit of a bitch this time of the year, so best to "get it taken care of. Anyway. What the fuck are you all doing here?" "Right, okay. Great." "Oh, that's fine, I've only been dealing with this for the past two and half weeks without "you just fine, no one's noticed, until you came up inside looking the same as me. That's great!" "It's not called throning, don't listen to him." "Been here? Ank'harel? I've lost track of time. Better part of maybe eight months, nine months?" "Not too bad, if I do say so myself." "This one's almost ruined us a few times." "They're fine. Talks about you lot an awful lot." She pats the side of her coin purse, which you can see is rather thick and makes a heavy (clinking) of clinking coin. "Not been too bad, if I say so myself. More than I ever made playing violin." "Anyway. So. What can I do for you, or have you just come by to say hi?" "None yet, before you came in and rudely interrupted my update from Verath over there, but "it seems that there hasn't been any more activity. All the hooded ones we've seen have all absconded "over towards the mountain range again." "No, not too bad. Carthol's been working around the clock. I believe he's working on a new "game set. Something ivory and Issylrian in nature. Supposed to go for a pretty penny, if we take it "across over up on Wildmount, but it'll take a little longer to make it. You know, one-man job. "He's good. He's not that good." "I will, I will." "Modifying the presentation." "I don't know. Looks like he might be growing up." (laughter) "Oh, I can tell that." (laughs) She sets off the throne and comes up and leaps and smacks you on the shoulder. Pretty good hit. "I know. Anyway." Yeah, the night before. "Sure." "Ducks." "Right, okay. Ducks it is. I'll get right to it. I'll talk to my duck distributor." "I'll send some word to the Fowl District of Ank'harel to provide the proper--" "No, there's not a fowl district! I'm fucking with you." "You traveled with this one long enough. Figure it out." "Don't you say a goddamn thing or I'll cut your tongue out." "All right. Go about your business. I've got it here. Don't die. Any of you. Especially you. "I've got ducks coming for you, don't know what to do if you don't show up back here to pick 'em up." "Good. Don't." "I don't care, then. Ducks are pretty tasty." "All right, then, shoo. Night's about to come. You can travel over the cool evening air." "The Crutch is my work name. It's what the Meat Man calls me 'cause of my height." "Hold on, hold on." She walks over and starts rummaging through a few small crates that are to the side. She's like, "These haven't been organized properly." Grabs a little crowbar and wedges it in. Pops off the top, starts rummaging through, tossing various things out the side like small metal cups roll across the ground, come to a stop. Pulls out a small, looks like a leather satchel of some kind that's wrapped over the top and the side with twine. Unwraps it. "There's a "few something for you." Sets it down. Pulls a necklace off. "You're borrowing this, but you're "bringing it back when you're done." "All right. Now, which one of you but him wants it?" "Okay." Throws it to you. It's a heavy, somewhat tarnished silver chain that smells of old ale-stained wood. Both of you guys make strength checks. Strength, add the strength modifier. You rip the chain from his grip. "It's an Amulet of the Drunkard." "You wear that, you drink yourself some fine, fine alcohol, might heal you a bit." The umbilical! There you go. It is not attuned. But there is a limit to it, if you read it. So once a day, you can just drink a pint of some alcoholic drink, and it'll heal you like a basic healing potion. There you go, so you have-- and the satchel that you received from the Crutch has three more additional regular healing potions. Any relatively alcoholic drink labeled on the thing, he can drink a pint of. "I'll put the word out for you. See what we can find." "All right. Please. Out of my space." And you watch as her form shifts back to that of Aes Adan, the Meat Man. "Thank you. Treat that well. If you lose it, I'm making you pay for it!" "All right, then. Good luck! Don't die." "I'm the Meat Man now." All right. Make your way back up through the tobacco shop to the streets of Ank'harel. You are aware that the Smouldercrown mountain range is about 290 miles southeast of Ank'harel across the desert. Okay. About maybe one block up, there's-- All right. Solid trunk palm. You haven't been to Smouldercrown, no. Yeah, the only one who's been there is Lionel. Wind Walk is a 6th-level spell. Not a 7th. This is true. So you'd be able to get all of you. Willing creatures. Technically he's considered a creature for the targeting reason of spells and effects, so yeah. All right, you guys feel a warm, magical effect go through you. As you're concentrating, consider yourself being a cloud, you are the cloud. You open your eyes, Lionel, and you look, and you are a fucking cloud! You're like 20 feet up! As you do that, you watch as more cloud spit goes (fft) and just more cloud. Your body is moisture. When you try and talk, it just goes (exhale). Can't really talk. You're a cloud. So if you wanted to, you could spend a minute to concentrate and revert back, and you can do that-- you have an eight-hour period where you can just turn back and forth. All right. So you all go into your mist forms and begin to follow after Lionel's lead. As you guys coast over the upper areas of Ank'harel, it's a beautiful view looking down at this gorgeous city, just this glittering jewel of color and architecture, one of the older cities in Exandria that portions of it seem to have survived elements of the Age of Arcanum and the Calamity, and one of the first societies to spring up thereafter. And it's beautiful to see this history, far longer than that of Tal'Dorei, or at least the human societies of Tal'Dorei, just standing obstinate against the dark oppression of the surrounding desert. You continue to head in that direction, with you leading. Lionel, I need you to roll a survival check. 14. All right. So you're traveling at an incredible speed. Like you're used to walking speed, running speed sometimes, maybe horsey speed. This is a very, very fast speed. You're coasting through the air right as the sun begins to set, and the night begins to hit. You keep relatively low to the ground, so you have your Darkvision to see the topography and get an idea of where it's going and the direction. You can look up and see the stars above. You've traveled, and you've been amongst this desert most of your life, so you have a good sense of how to follow that, and because of that, you're able to maintain your directional position towards the Smouldercrown Mountains. You push on. About halfway through the journey, you can see some little flames occasionally in the distance, what looks to be either caravan camps or bandit camps or various nomad circles that are set up for the night where different campfires are placed, whether it's beacons, traps, or just people to stay warm for the evening. You know, best not to stop whenever you see a flame in the middle of the desert. The winds are picking up and getting colder, the stark contrast between the temperature of the day and the night here is immense, and your moisture form takes on the cold fairly quickly, and you feel, even though you're in this form, the chill still captures you a bit as your condensation begins to slightly crystallize in places, but you push on. Roll one more survival check, please. 15. And without an issue or any sort of a loss of step or position, eventually you watch as the ominous spire-like jagged dagger-topped Smouldercrown Mountains begin to break the horizon and make their way towards you. You're now, at that speed, it hasn't been that long since you left, maybe a few hours out of Ank'harel. So you're maybe around ten o'clock in the evening or so, 1030. Going to go ahead and move over here to a non-- That's a good argument to make, but not necessary, but good for holding on to that. Not denying. Recognized, but unnecessary in the moment. Worth noting, indeed. But yeah. So the spires of the mountain are surprisingly steep. They're steeple-like, almost, in a lot of places. They're all just jutting up like these gargantuan spikes that were pressed out of the earth from some sort of landmass shift or some volcanic activity long, long ago. But you can see the densely packed rock formations, and the mountain cluster is maybe, at most, I'll say three miles, four miles across. It's not a very, very big mountain range. And it's called Smouldercrown because the circular pattern of the oval-like pattern of the mountains that rise up and resembles at a distance like a king's crown in the way that it circles around itself. You recall one of three different entrances, the one that was safest that you guys took when you entered, the central portion of the mountain range from the outside, and you guide the rest of them to the exterior of this space. You can see it's a small valley between two of the exterior mountains that collide together, and there is a valley path, where you see a number of dried trees. Some do appear to be alive, Keyleth, though they're designed to weather extreme droughts. They seem to have some sort of weird fruit that they're bearing, dripping off some of the branches, but the leaves themselves are brown and withered and you haven't quite seen plant la-life-- plant life like this before. Plant la-va-la-fl. If you want to go and approach it and inspect it, you can. You guys are maybe 100 feet up or so, and you've just now hit the edge of the Smouldercrown mountain range. Yes. The entrance of the mountains. You haven't found an entrance to the actual mountain rock itself. That's up to you guys. Make a nature check. 16, not bad. They appear to be seismically formed. You can see some of the rocks, the way they rise up in the smaller areas, are at an angle where it's smooth on one side, and you can see the layers beneath where portions of the earth seem to have been jammed, cracked, and pushed upward. But because it's so localized, it isn't like there's tectonic plates shifting or anything, it's not a mass range. Most mountain ranges are long, driven locations that mark where those various boundaries are. This is just a central formation, so you're uncertain as to what the nature of this creation was, but it seems natural. Yeah. Percy, can I have you roll a perception check, please? Okay. You, Mr. Human, with no actual Darkvision, do not get lost on the path. Taryon, could I have you also roll a perception check? Okay, so you fall a little behind the group. Doty has Darkvision. We'll say that Doty manages to get you caught up a little bit. You fall a bit behind, but you do manage to find the rest of the team. You don't get terribly lost in the middle of the dark, desert sky of these small wisps of cloud with no light other than starlight there to guide your path forward. They begin to just pull ahead and vanish into the horizon. You freak out but Doty eventually finds you as a cloud and you swear you hear the wind go, "Tary." (laughter) 21, okay then. You very quickly look around and recall some of the landmarks. You're still in cloud form. But you see some of the landmarks that seem to triangulate where you originally found the entrance. However, to truly search in this area, you'd have to get low and probably go to your physical form to seek it out. All right, so. You take a minute to concentrate and you revert back into your half-orc form. Okay. Everyone else joining him? All right, so the rest of the party goes, and they take their physical form. (laughter) You're able to see in the dark for a decent amount. You walk the perimeter of this space where the first cavern was, and you feel around, and you gather that there was a path here, but it looks like there's been a small cave-in. A lot of the rocks appear like they've been recently fallen in, and there's some sort of a grade to them where you watch loose rocks have recently been tossed around that are of a deeper-set red color and haven't been quite as weathered as the exterior of the mountain appears to be. So apparently the entrance that you originally used either has collapsed on its own, or was intentionally shut. Make an investigation check. The cave-in is not natural. The rocks you can see, the portion of the archway where the natural mountain rock becomes the rockslide that seems to have filled the space, there is no damage that seems to be seismic or quaked, and you can see what appear to be some cleft sides at the edge of this entrance where it appears like elements of it were actually hacked or damaged until it eventually fell in. Roll a-- for you, it would be a survival check, 'cause you're a tracker. As you guys are having this moment, and you get low to the ground and begin to read the patterns of the different rocks that have tumbled and left small grooves and a little bit of dust and sand that does reside over this dark, caked dirt and rock, and you do notice a number of footprints. They're scattered a bit, some older, some newer. There's been a lot of foot traffic in and out of this cavern fairly recently, like a week or so ago. And you begin to follow the tracks. Some lead back the path you came, some seem to circle around further into the valley around this mountain. I'll say, as you begin to cast the spell, you take Lionel's hands and focus, and Lionel, you close your eyes and you imagine before you the most beautiful desert duck that could ever exist. And for a good 45 seconds, 50 seconds, 60 seconds, nothing. And that sadness in your heart sinks a bit, that perhaps Aes, or Scanlan, as these weird people keep calling him, said, there are no ducks here. And you hear, in the darkness, (flapping wings, squawk, impact sound). It runs into the side of the mountain, tumbles down onto the ground. (duck sounds) So which of you wants to commune with the duck? Okay, the duck, "20 feet". (laughter) "People." Stealth check. "Two." (flapping wings) Okay, so as you've now sat down, and you focus, you can sense the guardian duck that was temporarily summoned is now wandering out to the desert, probably to dehydrate and die horribly when the morning light comes. However, you connect and you can feel your spiritual essence connect with the land here. The landscape is something you're not used to. Elements of it remind you of Pyrah, though not as visceral and volcanic, but the general heat and barren aspect of the landscape is familiar in some ways. So as you extend yourself, you can breathe and you can feel the land breathe with you, and as that communion hits, you feel you could ask some questions of the terrain. You get, as is the essence of answering these questions, you sense that there is one near the top of the spire and there is one not terribly far from where you are, kind of continuing inward towards the valley. But it doesn't specify directly where, it doesn't put an 'x' on your map for you. You just know that one's towards the top, and one's further around the path you're going. You focus, and you sense that there is almost like a cyst in the ground. You can sense some subterranean cavern. Maybe about 400, 500 feet into the heart of the mountain from where you currently sit. You can sense there this kind of pulsing darkness, almost like a terrible, cancerous heartbeat in the center of this land. Well, you can ask questions about people, powerful celestials, fey, fiends, elementals, or undead, influence from means of other existences. You want to try and sense humanoids? You ask about it. Your attention is shifted back towards that weird cyst-Ziggurat area in the center of the mountain, and the land seems to give you the idea that there are a number of humanoids there right now. You don't have a visual. Your vision isn't brought there, you just kind of sense that they're there. They're inside the mountain. So Vex is gone. You actually didn't see the direction she went. Nobody else did. Only she was tracking. Literally, you all turn around and Vex is just gone. You follow the tracks, and about 200 or so feet around the edge, and you have to follow them between a few smaller rocks that are jutting out at the base of the mountain, and the terrain itself rolls a bit, and cracks in places. There are small fissures from recent rains that caused the earth to well up and tear in places, and eventually the tracks curve in towards the mountain and end, and it's just sheer mountain. There's no sign of an entryway visually. Make an investigation check. You do, actually, yes. Favored terrain. Investigation. You're getting investigation. 11? You have no idea where the entrance is. The tracks end in this general vicinity, and it's just rock. It doesn't even look like there's handholds. Okay. You put your hands out to feel against the rock, and your hand passes through. Sure. You poke into the darkness, and it is pitch-black on the inside. As you poke past the illusion, it's about two inches or so of this rocky, heavy orange-red stone, and as you peer in you can see a cavern about ten feet wide or so and about 12 to ten feet tall. Natural along the walls, you can see the ground itself is smoothed over, and it's straight. It's a straight tunnel. It's not a rocky natural formation, it's like it was pushed and carved into the rock, like something heavy or something very focused drove through. You glance over to the side, and you catch what appears to be a face in the wall, about that big around. It's featureless, you just see two eye sockets, a mouth, and a nose. You see a flash of green light. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. I assumed you did. Ten. No, that does not succeed. You take 61 points of necrotic damage. As a familiar sting, as the green light flash turns into a piercing beam of life-draining energy, one that once almost brought you to the edge of death before, and as it hits you, you feel your breath and life essence sucked out of your nose and mouth and ears like a giant vacuum is pulling the essence out of your body. The veins bulge, you can't breathe, and you pull yourself back out of the illusory wall, and have to gasp for a moment. You guys hear the gasping as you begin to approach that side, and you find your sister there grabbing herself. All right. So you fly up. (flapping wings) 60 feet a round. It'll take you a good five minutes or so to make your way towards the top end of the spire. As you're going, make an investigation check. Oh, you're going cloud! Sorry, I thought you were doing your wings. As a cloud, you get there really fast. So as you make it up there, you cannot-- I will say, for the purposes of this... Yeah, so make a stealth check. 35, okay. As far as you understand, no one seems to see you. Make an investigation check as you make your way up the mountainside to check for any sort of entrances. 18. You glide around there for a good ten, 15 minutes or so, scouring the edge. All you know is it's near the top, and you see no sign of an entrance. No. She told you there was supposedly an entrance, but you see nothing. Sheer rock. There are a couple of indents that could be cave entrances, but when you get close you see it's just a small alcove that ends. Okay. You shoot the Oracle Arrow and-- How far do you fire it? Is it full strength, is it a lob? Okay. (whoosh) As you release it, it's still a good distance. It (whoosh) continues through. As you go past the face, the one that shot the green light, you can see the front of it is darkened now, from where before it was untouched. It cruises past. You see the formations. It looks like there's some cool designs here and there. The arrow eventually comes to rest. You don't see anything of interest as you pass by that quickly. You do see a very, very faint glow down the hall. You can see the glimmer of light, and as you watch, it's shifting ever so slightly, flickering like firelight. That may be quite possible, actually. It's a gaseous form, so yeah. So what's the plan, guys? You're not entirely certain. I'd say a couple hundred, maybe. 150. Okay. So what's the range on your bow? It's a longbow. It's just a general longbow's range. Do you have that written down? 150 is your first increment, and then 600 is your second increment. Approximately, yeah. It did not hit a wall. There was no eyes. There was empty sockets, a mouth, and a nose, and then suddenly the sockets began to glow green for a second, and then the hit. All right. (poof) You guys appear inside the cavern. Darkness. You can see the firelight ahead, the flicker at the end of the tunnel, and you can see the tunnel, the straight portion of it, maybe 100 feet forward, begins to shift and bend a little bit. It starts to turn into more of a natural cavern as it goes. Whatever drove its way in here has merged with a natural path on the inside of the mountain, possibly even merged with the cave-in path. You look on the ground, and both of you guys make investigation checks, if you don't mind. In the time it takes you to go, "Okay, we're looking..." He's like, "Found it!" You find the arrow. A little dust drifts off of it, and as you're walking you can see that there's a softness to the ground here. You get the sense that the formation, whatever rock was pushed through here, was... There's no pile of rock outside, there's no symbol of the earth that was carved out of this tunnel, recently it seems, placed anywhere. There's just an absence of rock, and there's a heavy layer of dust on the ground. (poof) You guys bamf back out of the outside. You watch as Scanlan and Pike reemerge from the outside, Scanlan holding your arrow triumphant. Yeah, fairly recent tracks. So you're inspecting? So you're over, currently looking for a way through? You manage to squeeze through a few crevices between the stones and rock, but it's pretty densely packed. You get maybe five feet in before you can't really find a way to get your whole mist form through. Okay, so you're working on that. What are you guys doing? Okay. So you walk up to the illusory wall. Okay. You poke your head in, and as soon as you glance off to the side, you can see the stone face in the wall. Cast Dispel Magic... Doesn't seem to have an effect. There was no attack from the face, either. You glance in. No trigger, nothing. The face seems inert. Make a perception check. It is a mountain. You get to have an advantage. That's what rangers do, man! The light was seen by the arrow. The face is on the side of it. It's beyond. Yeah. So depending on how high her perception is, she may, now that she sees the flicker at the end, she may be able to see something. So how high did you roll? That would be high enough to just barely focus your half-elven eyes and glance down. You get to see the very faint bead of light at the very tip, and it doesn't seem to change over the next 30 seconds, next minute, next two minutes while you focus intently. You don't see any shift or change. Okay. Make an investigation check. Okay. Go ahead and make an arcana check. 19, okay. You glance by, you check it. As you both are looking at it, both Taryon and Vax approach the face, and the carving is rudimentary. It looks more like it was prepared as the basis of-- what did you roll? Yeah. There's no magical essence to it any longer, but your arcana check shows that you can see that there are certain small carvings in it that look to be some sort of sigil or glyph that is designed to hold a spell until triggered, and then it's released. Actually, Pike, you've used this once before. It's an actual Glyph of Warding spell that is utilized to hold a spell in and release it upon some sort of a trigger. You don't recall. You didn't know your glyph went off until you found the destroyed body of the prisoner that you had released in Westruun long ago. That's the one that got him. He tried to get some money on the way out, and you found his body blown up and dragged about 20 feet off before he expired. Yep. All right. You notice, Lionel, as you guys step in, even in your Darkvision-- which, by the way, for your two human companions, it is complete darkness. You had a little bit of starlight, and your eyes had adjusted to it where you could see the edges and rims of different shapes within the mountain range, but once you step past the illusory barrier into the interior of the cavern, it is just darkness. All right, so everyone roll stealth. That give him the bonus on stealth checks? Vex? Pike is more stealthy than Vex right now! I understand. Keyleth? The boots give him advantage on stealth checks. He gets to roll again. There you go. So you guys silently make your way in. I would like a marching order on this, because it is about ten feet wide, this tunnel, and you guys can only go in there two at a time, shoulder-to-shoulder. Okay, so Vax and Pike in the front. All right, so. Pike and Vax at the front. All right. Who's after them? He rolled a 28 I think. You have not been in this specific tunnel. You haven't seen anything that looks familiar. The path you went before was a natural cavern. This one is pushed straight through. All right, so do you push your way towards the front? All right. So, Pike and Vax, as you guys are moving forward, your bardbarian friend pushes aside and muscles up to become the point at the tip of the sphere. After that, after Percy and Vex? All right. Keyleth, and we still have Taryon, Scanlan... Taryon with Doty behind. Doty is going to be two people in the cavern. So who's behind Doty? All right, Grog. And... All right, so Scanlan is alongside Grog. I imagine you have Trinket in your necklace? All right. So at the very end, Grog, you're walking, and Scanlan's there at your side, and Doty walking in front of you, lumbering, surprisingly quiet. And you get the sense the reason you're so stealthy in here is because as you step, it's soft. It's like stepping on a bunch of very, very fine powder. (heavy footsteps) It helps cushion your footfalls. Like ash, almost. Like a very, very fine dust. Sure, make a nature check. First she eats the soul, then she just does a line in the middle of the tunnel. Keyleth's gone off the end, it's really bad. 15's not too bad. You taste it, and you smell it. It's not ash. It's very, very, very fine powder. It has an earthy rock taste to it. Make a survival check. 19. You do see some tracks stepping up and down, yes. Both ways. All right. So pushing forward, another 30 or 40 feet, roll another investigation check. Not for checking for traps, man, it's investigation. Always been. 21, okay. All right, so you continue moving forward. You do not see any traps, anything that catches your attention. I'm not going to tell you to make another nature check. You can't keep making rolls until you get a better one. It turns into an immediate mud. It's a very, very fine silt, almost. The powder, you mean? You can see nothing. In fact, when you say, "Percy, get some water on this," you're like, "What? I don't-- where?" You have to guide his hand. It's dead quiet from where you currently are. You can make a perception check to listen in to see if you hear anything ahead. 24. You listen carefully and you hear faint sounds of footsteps and scraping stone. In one little, sounds like a (whistle), like a brief sucking sound, and that's it. Okay. You continue another 40, 50 feet down the path. Make another investigation check. You go a little further ahead and you come upon what appears to be two more of those faces, that are facing the inside of the wall maybe 30 feet ahead. And you stop. You can see they're both facing outward, towards the center of the hallway. He points it out to you, and you can just barely see the smooth walls, the almost oval, circular passageway, you can see the slight lift of the side rock where the faces form a very faint profile. Okay. Roll a d20. Add your wisdom modifier, please. Yep. Okay, roll again on the second one. Okay. As you take a moment (whoosh), the first one releases, and you watch as the face suddenly begins to glow with this dull, grayish, black crackling energy, and then (poof). The energy seems to vanish and disperse, with the one on the left. You turn and release Dispel Magic on the one on the right, and you watch as the same effect happens. (poof) Disperses as well. Okay. As you approach and step toward the space right between where the two faces are, you make one footfall between the two of them, and nothing happens. You successfully dispelled the effect. Wanted to fuck with you. You continue pushing forward for another 50 or so feet. You're starting to get fairly close at this point to where the arrow may have dropped. You moved just a little bit beyond them. Make another investigation check. You're not there yet, but you're getting closer. 18, okay. You don't seem to notice any strange or different elements of the topography that worry you. You push on for another 40, 50 feet or so, and you're just now on the cusp of where the arrow dropped. Make another investigation check. Okay. You don't notice any traps or any issues in the vicinity. You do see the footprints of Pike and Scanlan where they first arrived earlier before, venturing into this cavern, and pushing forward about 20 or so feet, the smooth cavern begins to turn into more of a natural, almost a volcanic tube-type physicality to it, and you can see to the left, another tunnel merges with it. You begin to recognize this. It looks like this carved tunnel is now dovetailing into the path that you guys found your way in, the one that was collapsed on the exit. Now the path that you know and the path you're traversing have finally merged into one singular path. The one that's on the left will lead you back to the entrance where you first came in, but it was collapsed, the one that you knew. If you keep going straight, it'll lead you towards the light and where you saw these people last time you were here. Okay. It echoes. "Hello?" Everyone make a perception check. 19, you got, right? All right. Everyone over 20, you listen and you can hear very faint voices (whispering), and it sounds like movement moving quicker. They don't sound like they're getting louder. Doesn't sound like they're getting closer, you just hear voices. Okay. You guys make your way towards the caved-in entrance. Okay. So you guys make your way back to the entranceway. You stay halfway between, okay. It's roughly about 150, 200 feet this direction. It's a shallower cavern to this area than the one you came through. It's a longer way in, but you manage to find the other end of this cave-in. It's rocks that have tumbled in and clustered. Keyleth, you glance over and you see shapes moving in the light, and as you glance up ahead, about 30 feet ahead of you, you see six figures heading your direction. Humanoid. All right. So you go ahead and you meet up with Keyleth. The rest of you are back by the doorway. Scanlan, you're taking a minute to cast this? Okay, so Scanlan begins working on casting the magnificent-- So as this is commencing-- Oh, I've missed that. All right, so we have Lionel, Keyleth, and eventually Vax, and the rest of you are still back at the entranceway. Oh, Percy's there. Okay. Keyleth, you keep an eye out and you watch as they approach. They're in a sprint, a wild sprint. You notice the humanoid figures, there's a lot of clacking sounds, and you immediately notice they're thinner than a fleshed-out human. These are skeletal. They are skeletons in armor with shields and weapons, and they're (snarling) scattering through the hallway towards you at a very fast pace. Pike's little legs start making her way. It's going to take you a while to get there. What do you do? A Fireball! For a Fireball, most definitely. So. Keyleth, I want you to go ahead and roll your damage. One of them rolled a natural 20. That was a 19 and a 20. Your spell DC is what, 21? All right, so two of them make their save. 34 damage. All right. You watch as four of these skeletons explode, their bones detonating and exploding all over the cavern. You watch as it bounces around and breaks and shatters, and you hear them all clattering into the dust below. Two more push through the flames. You can see the armor, the leather they have on is now burning behind them and is causing this glow in the alley. You see this, Percy. It was pretty loud. It's a Fireball. Okay. Okay. Both hit. Don't even worry about rolling damage because even your minimum damage, with what damage they'd taken from the Fireball? Both shots, you hit them both in the ribcage, in the sternum and the back of the spinal column and they fold into themselves and crumple into spinning pieces of bone. You watch as the momentum of their movement causes them to scatter across the dust. Both of them. (gunshots) All right, as you guys are waiting there... 30 seconds passes. 30 seconds pass. Scanlan, you finish your spell. The doorway appears up. There doesn't appear to be anything else currently coming down the hall after you. You do notice, Keyleth, that the flickering light, the firelight, is getting brighter. The firelight is now becoming more of a white light, and it's a flickering white light. You're maybe about 70 to 100 feet. You're backing up through a different tunnel, so there's no faces that you've seen on this side. Glyph of Warding. What's the casting time on the glyph? What's the casting time on the glyph? Yes, that one. All right. Glyph of Warding is one hour casting time. All right. You guys hop into the mansion. You all make your way into the center of Scanlan's magnificent mansion. Lionel, you step through this weird sparkling purple doorway that wasn't there before, and as you go through, the temperature becomes very comfortable-warm. It's well-kept inside. It's climate-controlled. There's these beautiful marble pillars. There's this royal red and gold carpet that spreads out over this dual staircase that winds up to a second floor. It's a gorgeous mansion. The interior's immaculately designed, and you watch as about a dozen or so spectral people suddenly float in with their arms crossed and give a bow and a nod to you as you arrive. All right. You guys are all inside the mansion. Is it more tasteful in the mansion? No, I didn't think so. Do you guys all scatter to your rooms for a moment to take a rest? All righty. You guys head back to Scanlan's room? We're going to take a break here. We'll return here and pick up from that exact moment here, in just a few minutes. Real fast, we do have a Wyrmwood giveaway. It is the black walnut complete dice tower system and tabletop dice tray with leather rolling surface. I'll open some of it. I'm not going to open all of it. Black walnut is this really nice dark color. The leather interior is really nice. This will be going to the person who wins in the Twitch chat. Enter the code "hundred." The word "hundred" is the code for the evening. Put it in there. Good luck to whoever wins, and we'll see you guys back here in a few minutes. (cheering) [break] But I do understand illusions are prominent in magical realms, apparently. No. I hate you all so much. God damn it. All right! Why do I listen to these people? "Tary?" All right, so leaving us back where we left off, you guys had all scattered to your various rooms in Scanlan's magnificent mansion. Vax, you had gone off with Scanlan? All right, so you make your way to the chambers. All righty. All right. If anyone else wants to do anything else before dinner, or after? There are mirrors in yours as well? All right. Your wonderful expos on salad types are presented to you by the spectral servants. A fantastic dinner of greens of all shades-- The spectral servant's like-- And he's not lying. Yes. They're referring to the Heroes' Feast meal, but no. Stuff like that, you stock up on. All right. So the meal is filling to varying degrees of enjoyment, but you find rest at your disposal. Relatively early into your day, though it is night in Ank'harel. You guys have been awake for approximately five hours. Do you go to rest? Okay. You peek outside the door, and right as you glance through, you see about 13 or so skeletons that are all clustered right there at the door going (zombie groans). So you pull out the various bottles you've stored amongst Grog's Bag of Holding. Scatter a nightcap amongst those who wish to partake, and find yourself resting for the evening within the mansion. Sure. So as you guys are heading off-- Okay. Grog doesn't have a door, Grog is currently staying in the war room area. So as you head down, you see, curled up on the sand pit, this half-orc snoring loudly, like a golden retriever that had rotated twice and passed out in the sand. Grog, what are you doing? All right. As you guys go make a blanket fort, curl up and sleep takes you. The next morning, you come to consciousness, are greeted with a fantastic, spiritually brought, vegan breakfast. There you go, so it picks up the second day! There you go. Comparatively! Fair enough. That's how it works? Okay. So what's the plan, guys? Yeah. Okay. You peek out into the hallway, and there before you, you see about 20 or so armored skeletons that are all clustered into this hallway, maybe five feet between a few of them, but they're scattered throughout, they're just in this holding pattern. You guys are eating breakfast, wondering where Pike and Grog are. Okay. Yep, suddenly you guys hear-- What do they hear? All right. Scanlan, because this is your mansion, you feel the door, suddenly, you sense the breaching of the front door opening. You guys all of a sudden drop your meals and start charging out. The door's already open, and it's vacant. You guys, as you charge out, all of a sudden you watch as ten of these creatures (zombie snarling) and leap towards you. What are you doing, Pike? You'll still do attacks, but they'll get attacks on you as you go back and forth. You rush forward. Go ahead and make your attack. Is it, as a war-- do you have two attacks? As a bonus action, you can attack, right? No, no, it just hits targets. It's the other one does. Yep. 17 and 22 both hit. Go ahead and roll damage for each, with the additional disruption damage. I know. Grog, while this is happening, you're also charging in with her and you're attacking? Go ahead and make your two attacks with it. You would do additional damage as part of your cleric's war-- Is the additional disruption damage? All right, so as a war domain cleric, you can make a weapon attack as a bonus action, up to your wisdom modifier per day, so that's one use there. And you deal an additional 1d8 weapon damage on the attack, so it's-- How much damage does your mace do? Correct, yes. Yeah, because you reached 14th level. So yeah, it's plus 2d8. You got it. 1d6 plus 2d8 plus whatever the disruption damage is. 18 damage on the first hit? You slam the mace into the side of a skeleton, and it crushes a lot of the bone, and a lot of it just seems to erode away as the divine flash impacts it, and you watch as the bleached white turns to gray and black. However, it still stands, largely wrecked, but still (zombie snarling). And your second attack, you hit the same one? All right, go ahead and roll damage for that one. All right, that one (whack) you hit the side of the skull, and the head just turns into dust to the side. The bones collapse into a pile. You destroyed one skeleton out of about 20 or so. Grog, what are you doing? Both hit with Great Weapon Master. Go ahead and roll damage. You completely destroy a skeleton in one hit. It turns into a scattering of bone (shatter) across the wall. And with that second hit, a second skeleton that's leaping towards you, with a giant scimitar in the air and a buckler around the side of its wrist, (zombie snarling), you just batter-up swing it, and it explodes across and rains down upon you. Pike, a couple of the bones hit your armor, fall to the side. All right, and so as you guys are rushing into the doorway, the skeletons immediately turn and swarm in. That's going to be five attacks on each of you within this range here. So, against Pike. All right, so it misses Pike. Misses Pike. God, misses Pike. Misses Pike. And a 20. What's your AC? 23. All of them leap onto you, but they can't get through the armor. They're all clustered up around you, they're piled up almost, like you're just being dogpiled by skeletons, and while none of them are getting to your flesh, there are all these skulls biting in front of your face as you're holding them back with your shield and mace. Grog. Miss. Natural one, miss. Two, miss. 20? And 21? All right. So, you take 22 points of slashing damage, reduced to 11, from the two attacks together. As both of these skeletons just start hacking into you with their weapons. One has a long sword, one has what looks to be some sort of a war pick and is just, both of them, jamming into your flesh, and you just take it without an issue. All right. You guys all rush to the door and you look out and you can see this group of undead there, swarming your two friends. You get there just-- Well, you start preparing for the round. They're going first. Pike, what are you doing? Guiding Bolt can only hit one target. Yeah, the area effects that you have are your Turn Undead or Destroy Undead, or any of the spells that you have. Okay. So you are-- Yeah. You're a 17th level cleric now? 16th level? What level are you? Yeah, 16th level. So, CR 3 or lower. These are definitely there. All right. All righty. So, you're going to affect with that, in a radial area here, which is a radius of 30 feet. That's going to affect 15 of these undead. Within the ones that are piled on you, that piled on Grog, and the ones that are swarming behind. What's your spell DC? Okay. Rolled an 18, but it's a minus one. Mm-hm. Oh, no, that one survived. Almost done. All right. So, out of the 15, two survive. As you're held down by all of these skeletons, suddenly this beacon of divine, bright flame begins to burst from you. And you watch as the flaming wings of Sarenrae swirl up out of her like a phoenix. And as it does, you see above her the image of the dark skin, light flaming hair Sarenrae embodying her like a JoJo stand, as it takes this pose. And as soon as Pike brings her arms out and screams (yells), the image bursts out and you watch as every skeleton practically in that radius just turns to ash and dust in the vicinity, leaving two skeletons there, that are like (breathy groan). So there's maybe four of them left in the whole tunnel, from that one burst. Grog, what are you doing? All right, so you rush up to the two. Okay. (laughter) Hits. Yeah, they all hit. 17 is a low for you. All right, first hit, it smacks into the side and breaks part of its upper shoulder and upper arm. It cuts off one of its arms, but it's still standing there in front of you. 15 points of damage does destroy the skeleton, the one that's giving you a hard time. This time you just cleave through the center of its spinal column and torso. It tumbles over and just scatters into a pile of bones. All right, so. Vex, you're at the door. Scanlan, you're at the door. You're at the door, Lionel. What are you guys doing? There's three skeletons still standing. Go for it. Roll for attack. Lionel, what are you doing? Okay. All right, so you go into a rage. Pull your great sword? All right, so you're charging out. What did you roll? All right, so you go to fire and then pull the arrow back. Oh. So what happens is, you go and release it, and you just mis-strung it (sound of rope snapping), and you're like Oh, I just didn't-- Yeah. So you rush up alongside Grog at the three skeletons that are there. Oh, critical hit on the first hit? All right, so that hits. Roll the second attack. Did you roll two 20s in a row? You're honing Vin Diesel right now with this crit power. So you rush forward to the first skeleton. Roll 2d6. Yeah, roll 4d6. And then you get to reroll any ones or twos. Okay, so 12, 18 plus? So as you rush forward with your greatsword, big smile on your face, next to Grog. Whack! You just shatter one skeleton with the first attack. Roll damage for the second attack. All four again. You just, one skeleton, the other comes jumping at you and you just grab it in your hand and crush its skull in your hand. Percy. You want to do anything? So Pike, Grog, Lionel, you're right there, there's one skeleton left that's like (breathy hiss). And it leaps at you, since you just crushed its friend. And it hits you on your breastplate and just goes (metal ringing out sound) (breathy hiss). That's all it does. It's a sad sight. All right, who wants to finish this poor thing? Go for it, Grog. A natural one is an auto fail. I cannot-- I cannot-- As you look at the one skeleton, just feeling this embarrassment, you swing with your axe and the skeleton (metal impact sound) stops it with its own blade and parries the axe to the side. The one that just didn't barely dent his armor. Yeah. So that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Just 2d6 plus seven. Well, plus your-- Well, it's plus seven, plus your rage damage. So it's plus ten. Plus ten to whatever he rolled there. All right, so 20 points. So as you hack down this other skeleton, you cut into it and it destroys part of its torso. Its arm that's holding its weapon is hanging to the side, but it's still standing. Its jaw is unhinged. Yep. So you attack again. 16 still hits. It's a skeleton. That's enough. You finish it off. You destroy the other skeleton in two hits. Just chug it. You're all back in the mansion, now. An insight check? Okay. Honest as the day, or Grog dick is long, he apparently sang. Happy 100th. (laughter) Vex, Vax, Keyleth. At this moment, you hear what sounds like footsteps making their way up the tunnel. Not where the light was before, but the path you previously stepped from. From just your passing hearing, it just sounds like patterned footsteps. Okay. So, you guys all close the door to the mansion. Up the hall, you watch as two humanoid figures with hoods are carrying each side of what looks like a chest or a crate that has handles. They just pass and then continue going. You're still inside the mansion. Yeah, but they're not walking by; you made the door way back in the tunnel. You see them up toward the T-juncture. So you guys would have to leave the mansion and get there quickly. All right, stealth check for those who are moving forward. Those who are moving forward, stealth check? Happy hundredth. Anybody else moving forward with them? Up to you guys. Whoever's going? You do have advantage on your stealth checks because of your boots, Pike. All right, everyone got above 20. Taryon is still asleep. Okay. All right, so. You carefully move forward. The twins, you, at full stealthing pace, make it up to the corner, and as you crest around the side, about 20, 25 feet up, you see the two humanoid figures with hoods that come to a underoff point that hangs to one side. Looks like a leathery or rubbery substance from the little bit of light that's coming through, it's hard to really tell. They're wearing long black cloth, like a tunic, and what looks to be dark leather or thick black cloth, pants and boots. Boots and pants and boots and pants. Not gloved hands, but they're both just carrying this chest along, they're just quietly moving along. Okay, so, roll for your attack. On the one that's closest to you, or further? Well, they're both moving away from you. LAURA and Yeah, because they do not know you're there, so you have advantage. That hits. Yes it is, it's an auto crit. Correct. Auto crit. If you're a level three, you do. So both you guys auto crit. Yep, including the bramble shot. 66 damage? You rolled a 20 on the second one? Okay. Roll damage on that. Okay. In an instant-- don't worry about the second attack, critical damage. Both of them just go-- (footsteps) (thud) (laughter) You lift up the box-- Okay, investigation check. What the fuck? You guys tonight. Talk about the hundredth episode mojo here. Unless you're Grog. Sorry, buddy. All righty, so. Who rolled investigation on that one? What did you get? 20. Natural, oh that's right, (blows raspberry) I'm stupid. Yeah, no, it is not trapped, it's not locked, it's just closed. Inside you see what looks like a polished stone of smooth jade that is affixed to a grey leather band that loops in the back. You see a scimitar, a very well-made scimitar, that has a series of pearlescent gems across the hilt, it has a very Marquesian flair to it. And you see what appears to be a rusty iron sphere that is about three inches in diameter and weighs about a pound. It has a bunch of really strange shapes and design, almost like it was made from condensed chains that were then melted down into a single sphere. It has a really rough texture on the outside. Yeah, you drag it back (dragging noises). I mean, the box has some food and blankets that are meant to keep it hidden, so you search through as you find them. Those are the only things of interest in the box, the rest of it just seems to be to fill the space. Sure. You guys drag the bodies back? Okay. The opening is about that big, so it takes you a second, just like when you had to put Dork the Ox in there, it's like trying to fit a king-sized pillow in a twin-sized pillowcase. So, Percival and Keyleth are currently wearing-- Sure, easy enough. You also find that both of them have what looks like a dark iron symbol hanging around their neck, hidden beneath their robes. It resembles a four-pronged pitchfork that has a single rod beneath it that forms a loop. I'm going to sketch it for you. It looks like that. Kind of, yeah. So you have the corpses both being stuffed into the Bag of Holding, you guys find the whatever symbols are hanging, and the robes are on you. You go back to Tary. Easy enough to do as a ritual for each. The scimitar is a Scimitar of Speed. All right, don't go so far. These are the other two items you've got. It's a headband. I didn't-- no-- I didn't-- Wait-- No. It's like, you know in Doctor Strange, that prison exoskeleton it threw on him? It's like that. You turn around and realize that Lionel has followed you into the room. "Tary." Doty pulls an arm up, and you can see one of the slight changes that they had made in his construction is a slight mister on the other hand that goes (water spraying). Depends how hot the day is. A command word, yeah. Okay, you put that on. All right. Who is going where? What are you doing? All right, so what's the plan, guys? What are you doing? New stealth checks from you guys since you've had combat. Sam, are you bringing Scanlan? So, across the board. Stealth. Reliable Talent, man, it's awesome. Plus ten. Okay! All righty. You move further into the tunnel. All right. All right, it's only 80 feet until the winding tunnel opens up slightly. So, make another investigation check partway up, about halfway to that period. Okay. You make your way there. And you begin to push towards the entranceway. The soft dust on the ground, which is the same color as the rest of the stonework. Vax, you step onto one section that seems to step in a little further than the others, and you feel a (click). I need you and Vex, and who was following them? I need everybody to make a constitution saving throw. All right. Grog? 17. You take 36 points of necrotic damage. Pike? 36 points of necrotic damage. Yep. Vex? 36 points of necrotic damage. Right, because you never un-set it from that. Okay. All right, I'll let you do that. All right, so instead of 36, that's 18. You did not succeed on the saving throw, but you halved it. 20 total? You take 16 points of necrotic damage. You make it. Against a spell effect? Yes. 19 does not succeed. You take 36 points of necrotic damage. 36 points of necrotic damage. Nope. Takes 16 points of necrotic damage. Yes, 18. Wow. 18 points of necrotic damage. Doty takes 36 points of necrotic damage. All righty. You watch as you pull back and the sand sifts in and you see another face below, with a burst of dark energy that echoes out in a 60-foot radius. Fills the hallway with this high-pitched shrieking sound. As it hits all of you and the breath escapes you for a second, this circle of death-like sphere passes all of you, and you hear the shriek echo through both sides of the hallway. What are you guys doing? Pushing forward, staying where you are? Perception check. Mass Cure Wounds. How much does that heal everybody? So whatever you roll plus five. Okay. You listen out, and you hear what sounds like low voices, things shifting, a slight general humming sound. The bright light that was there before is not there at the moment. You still see the fire. Make an intelligence check. Natural 20. You do remember it. The low hum that temporarily appears was very close to the sound whenever anybody was throwing something into the dark sphere above the ziggurat. Apparently. A different one. Not yet. You haven't thrown into combat yet. You guys just hit a trap and heard things ahead. You were talking instead of casting a spell. Do you want to take another minute to cast a spell? All right, so what are you guys doing? You guys rush forward, and a hot wind is picking up through the tunnel. You're not quite sure directionally where it's coming from. But as you move forward and through the winding passage, maybe 60 feet ahead as it opens up, you see it splits into two different pathways of natural interior rock formations, and you can see a larger chamber beyond that. You have the right and left. Okay. Trinket pops out of your necklace. What are you guys doing? You hear it coming from both sides. There's the general wind in the room, but it's (whoosh) whipping around you, picking up sand and dust from the ground. Perception check. Okay. You do not see any faces immediately within the two paths that are ahead of you. However, as you glance past one of the edges, within the chamber, you can see the sources of some of that flickering firelight. You see two clay bowls, large clay bowls that are set in the ground that have burning materials inside. Wood, cloth. Who knows what, but they're burning this bright orange-red flame. Not a natural yellow flame. A deep orange-red flame. It's causing this glow to emanate around the room, and you see the flames flickering and moving with the wind that's blowing about. All right. Who's going left and right? Left? Percy and Keyleth with Vax. Grog on the right. Who else is on the right? Vex is right. Pike? Right or left? Trinket's with you. All righty. Indeed, what looked like two different hallways was one entrance to the chamber that was divided by a singular column in the center. You both flank around as it opens up inside. You see a 50-foot-tall, 70-foot-wide natural cavern chamber that rounds out over the top, and you see it end on the opposite side. There are two pillars nearer to your end that both hold defaced statues of a woman on each. Defaced statues of a woman. Partially destroyed and collapsed. There are elements of it broken on the ground. The heads removed. In the center of the chamber, you see before you a massive stone-stepped pyramid, similar to the ziggurat you've found. The design is a little different, and you get the sense that a lot of it is still buried and it's just the top that has been uncovered and repurposed for whatever this may be. You do see, there are a number of cloaked figures scattered across these steps, and some of them are out looking in your direction as soon as you come around the side. They're all wearing the same black outfits, the cloaks. Some of them have the hoods back; some of them have the hoods on. Roughly, you have what looks to be six or seven from what you can view. There are two of them at the very top that currently have what looks like another crate that has been opened, and there above them, you can see the black orb, exactly like the one you have underneath Whitestone, and they're in the process of taking objects out and throwing them up into the sphere, and you watch as they flash and vanish into the darkness. You see one cloaked figure that's currently shouting out and giving commands right now. With all of your stealth? You got a 19, correct? One of them shouts out, "We have visitors!" As soon as they all glance over, you guys are out in the open of a hallway. Once they see him, they see the spread of you. As this happens, you watch as a number of skeletons walk out from the halls on the sides, and one seems to suddenly shake and rise up from the ground a large skeleton with what looks like giant horns that curve out of the head, standing about 12 feet tall. Looks to be some sort of minotaur-like beast, but bone and anger. The ziggurat from you guys? Let's pull out a map. (cheering) I may be able to get this here. It's a big one. Actually, Travis, do you want to help me with this real fast? We're working out the kinks here, guys. Thank you very much. No, it's great, guys. I love it; it's wonderful. Well, do the best you can to see. Okay, so. There is a singular figure standing up here that seems to be giving orders and shouting it out to the side. Female voice rings out across the center of the chamber and says, "Remnants, slay the intruders and grant their bodies to the cause!" Make a perception check. 27. It's hard to see. She's in the dark right there and the sphere doesn't give a lot of light, but the voice sounds familiar. SAM and All right, so at this point the woman pulls an amulet. The woman pulls an amulet out from beneath the robe, and as she clutches it in her hand, the orb shifts from black to white, to a white-gray color, and you watch as the wind (whoosh) gets whipped up even heavier and lights up the area around the space. You watch as the cloaked hood flows back, and for a brief moment, before the grin crawls across her face, you see the face of Delilah Briarwood. (gasps) Yet there she is at the top of the ziggurat. I would like you all to roll initiative. Nice. So 25 to 20? What was it? All right, so Percy. Scanlan. Okay. All right. Yeah, I'm letting him go with Taryon. It's easier to check that. All right, 20 to 15? All right, so we have Grog. You got, what did you say? 17? Vax, what did you say? Oh, 15 and you said 17 for Taryon? All right. 14. Oh, he didn't tell me that. Sorry about that. All righty. So who else is left. Pike? All right, so at the beginning of this initiation, with the orb now flaring this pale gray-white and Delilah Briarwood standing there at the top of the ziggurat, staring down and focusing on the group of intruders that have just rushed in. Keyleth, it's your turn. Okay. Make a deception check. So as you step forward into the chamber. Okay, so that's your action. As you say this to Delilah, her eyes flash over to you, and her face goes-- You have your movement and your bonus, still. Okay, there are two skeletons to your right and left. You're turning into a fire elemental. There you go, Keyleth. Okay, so with that, you can do (counting). You can probably get this whole cluster here. All righty. They all catch fire as you rush through. You do get attacks of opportunity on you as you rush by. That is 15? What's your AC for your fire elemental? All right, so that's 11 points of slashing damage, reduced to half because you take half damage, right? That's a 13? Another five points of slashing damage. Ten? Eight. Okay. That one and that one. That is a 15 from the minotaur skeleton. You take 17 points of slashing damage, reduced to eight. And the last one is a natural 20, so you take 22 points of slashing damage, reduced to 11. And they are all set aflame. All of them take, I believe, fire damage from impacting you? So we'll say eight damage across the board for all of them. All of them get hit with fire as they swipe out at you, including the giant minotaur that swings over you with this large greataxe in its hands and bursts into flames as it does so. Awesome. All right, that ends your turn, Keyleth. Delilah, who's currently glaring at Keyleth and the rest of you, looks out and goes, "Of course it would be you, wouldn't it?" She takes a step back. Without breaking eye contact, goes, "Finish your work." (foreign words) And slams her hand down on the ground, and you watch as this sphere of rainbow color completely encompasses around the top of the ziggurat. You now see this large orb, this dome of multicolored rainbows that flickers for a second, and then briefly becomes a singular color. You see it is a giant Prismatic Sphere around. The color you see now as it flickers for a minute becomes stark red, just deep ruby red. Percival, Scanlan. What are you guys doing? Vex is near you, yeah. All righty! What's the radius on that? My templates are still back on the shelf. Can someone grab my templates real fast? That would be awesome. 50-foot radius? Oh, that's going to get everybody in there, including probably Keyleth. You can fly, though, right? Reverse Gravity, perfect. Dexterity save across the board. What's the spell DC with the hand cone? You don't know. You see over here, a number of other robed figures and one that looks like it's heavily armored in the front, as well. A couple of small other cultists down on the sides, but they all-- apparently. Okay, the armored one actually manages to grab the stonework and hold on. Everyone else, except for that one armored guard, rises up and (wham) slams into the ceiling 50 feet up. That is 5d10 points of damage. 5d6, sorry. Thank you very much. Perfect. That would be including you. 20 points of bludgeoning damage, which completely destroys these skeletons that were damaged earlier from the fire. All right. Are you maintaining it, or letting them fall? All righty, so everyone else is held in the air right now against the ceiling. Seem to be unaffected. So over here next to Pike? That ends Scanlan's turn. Percy, what are you doing? There's one guy holding on, yeah. Roll for an attack. That will hit. All right, he has to make a strength saving throw? Nope, five plus five. That is a no, so he goes (whoosh) and slams into the ceiling, as well, taking-- ooh, that is 22 points of bludgeoning damage. Sure. Close enough. You swoosh over there; it's fine. More of a flavor element. So all the visible creatures you can see right now are held against the ceiling. I'm going to say for the purposes of falling up, a lot of them are prone, so you would actually have disadvantage. That hits. Same armored guy? Okay. All right? Yeah, that hits. Nice! You're just firing up at this figure. The one shot sends it flying up into the ceiling, and I'd say even before it impacts, as it's still floating up in the air, you shoot it once while it's still falling upward, and then it slams into the ceiling and you get one final shot to hit it while it's there. (grunts) Across the top. It's hard to see if it's really that hurt, but it's currently a little wounded. Are you going to move, Percival, or are you going to stay where you are? Okay, and that radius, by the way, is maintained as long as you concentrate on that. So anybody who walks into that radius will have to make a dex save or be flung up into that. So! That being the case, ending Scanlan's turn and Percy's turn, the cultists that are currently flung to the ceiling are going to get up and run this way, so they're technically up on the ceiling right now. Those two are going to continue their work. You don't see what's in there. Grog, you're up. Let's see here. Actually, no. I disagree. They actually can take an action this turn from that distance. So I need Grog and Pike to both make wisdom saving throws. 14. Advantage for which one? Just in general? Against magic, I think it was? So yeah, both of you guys shrug off the effect. You feel the magic try to take hold over the inside of your brain and your muscles seize up and you manage to shrug it off. It's a familiar feeling. It is one that you're familiar with, as well, Pike. It is a Hold Person attempt on both of you. All right, that ends their turn. Grog, you're up. You're not entirely certain, Grog. Okay, as you rush into this wall here, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Grog, you start running and then (yelps) go flying up into the ceiling. You take 17 points of bludgeoning. So half that. You're now locked on the ceiling, as well. However, that does put you in melee range, and prone, with one of the cultists on the ceiling. You're upside-down on the ceiling. The guy who cast a spell and it didn't work on you watched you tumble up, land, get up, and stare him down in his face. His hood falls off. You see a guy who's staring at you now with one eye plucked out of its socket. Roll some damage. Okay. You smile at him, bring the axe back, and you completely-- we're talking tree trunk. He slides over and his body attaches to the ceiling and collapses against that, blood splattering out from his midsection. It seems really gross, in a sense. You still have at half movement, about 20 feet to run across. This wall? Okay. That's about as far as you get, but you don't have range with your axe. Okay. Finishes Grog's turn. Lionel. You're over here, currently. Do you go into a rage first? It will reduce your impact damage as you land. If you want to be raging first, you'll take less damage from the impact. Okay. You joyfully leap into the sky. You take 16, reduced to half, so you take eight points of bludgeoning damage as you slam into the ground at the top, and you stand up and there's about five feet between you and Grog, and one of the cultists is there right in front of you, who's like, "Shit!" Do you want to attack him? Go for it. Three plus 12 still hits, actually. Your first strike is 2d6 plus ten damage. 17 points of slashing damage as you pull your greataxe up and rake past. You see his chest split open and he (grunts) pulls back. He's still alive, and as he looks up at you from under the hood, he is also missing one of his eyes. (pants) You have an extra attack as a barbarian, so you get a second attack. Roll 4d6. He does, because of his great weapon fighting, yeah. Okay. The first strike cuts him across the chest. (pants) Rears back. Oh, that wasn't enough, and with a second half-assed swipe, he goes down and spills out all across the ceiling. That cultist is done. All righty, that finishes your turn. Taryon. Possibly. We'll find out. Where are you going, Tary? All right, so you're doing a dash? Or just your movement? What's the speed of the broom? You can get there. That's as close as you can get with one movement. Right now you have this ruby, bright-red dome that's glowing with light right now. I don't know. What do you think? Yes, actually. These guys here are on the ceiling right now. Anything you see there are on the ceiling, currently. At which one? Yes, you can hit these two. All right, so the skeleton and guy get to make... what's the DC? 17? Unfortunately, the cultist makes it. Skeleton does not. So the cultist dodges out of the way on the ceiling. It smashes on the ground by the skeleton and bursts into flames. How much damage does it deal to the skeleton? 15th. 5d6 fire damage to the skeleton. 16 points of fire damage? That skeleton, fire consumes it. It's still currently standing, and now the flames are licking through its ribcage. That ends your turn? Right now? Nope. All righty. Vax, you're up. Right there? You're approximately 40 feet. 45. Nope! Anyone that was killed whatever they were fighting. From where you are? From where you're standing? Yeah, and you have sharpshooter. You have sharpshooter, right? Sharpshooter feat. Right, I'm asking because that ignores cover. Hits. 36 damage. As you fling the dagger out, it seems to skid across the stone of the pillar in front of it, leaving these bright white sparks as it hits. Comes through and strikes through the chest. As it does, a burst of divine energy. You watch as some of the ribs shatter and scatter across the stonework. (roars) 22. You can smite. I believe so. I think it's whenever you expend a spell slot, so I don't think there's a limitation per round. That's part of what makes paladins so crazy at the higher levels, actually. But just to make sure of that or the internet's going to hate me. No, there's no limitation on that. So 22? Yeah, it's about 12 feet tall, so as long as you get 20 feet over it, you can. Over here? Over here, you mean. All right, you're over here in this area. All right, that ends your turn. Vex. Not yet, no. You have no sight on her. No. All you see is a sphere of red. It blocks everything. All sight is obscured with light. It's very bright; the whole room is lit up. You almost have to squint a little, looking at it. Okay, go for it. Roll an attack. Awesome. The arrow shatters. No effect. Anything you want to do with Trinket? Movement? Okay, ends Vex's turn. Skeletons are now going to go. Right here. Perfect. The skeletons get up and start rushing in towards the nearest things. This one's going to rush towards Grog. This one's going to rush towards Keyleth there. This one's also going to rush towards Keyleth. The minotaur, who got impacted angrily, sees you dart past. Turns around. You're not within range, so it's going to move up towards (heavy footsteps). This knight is also going to move in towards Keyleth. These guys up at the top are going to focus in that way. All right, first, the minotaur swings with its axe. Makes a giant swing towards you, Lionel. Actually, no. What it's going to do is it's going to rush up, instead, put its head down, and charge forward towards you with its horns in front. It's attempting to strike you with its horns. That's 18 to hit. What's your armor class? 18, okay, so that just barely hits. You suffer 13 plus nine. You take 21 points of piercing damage, reduced to half, so it's ten, because you're raging. I need you to make a strength saving throw. Yes. Roll that, plus ten. 23, yeah. You're not pushed. You get the impact and the horns come to your chest and you're like, "ooh, that hurt," but this giant creature's stopped in its tracks. Its hooves are scraping into the ground, and you're immovable. That's the end of its turn. Skeleton attacks on Keyleth. That's 18? 13? All right, you take 22 points of slashing damage, reduced to 11, from the two attacks. And all right. The blackguard is going to make three attacks with this giant glaive that it has. Now you've got up close, you can see this jagged black armor. He's going to rush up with his glaive and spins. All three attacks on you. That is 23? 18? And 16. All righty, so you take nine, plus Thunderous Smite damage. That's going to be 21 points of damage. Sorry, it's going to be nine points of slashing, which is reduced to four, and then you take an additional 15 points of thunder damage. Correct. Mark that off. The second strike is going to hit you again. He's going to burn another slot for another smite. On the second one, you take another four points of slashing damage, plus 13 points of radiant damage to you. This would be necrotic damage. No, this is from the armored guy. And the third strike hits you for four points of slashing and a third dark smite. Another 13 points of necrotic damage. You drop your form. So at that point, all of a sudden your form drops in place. Yes, you are. The war priest across the way is going to look outward and begin to focus and chant under his breath, and the little bit of light begins to show, once again, the missing eye on most of these individuals. Delilah is not missing an eye, it seems, but the rest of them seem to have this appearance amongst them. As it releases this form of energy, you watch as a familiar, darker-burning flame begins to spill across the ceiling as a Flame Strike makes its way-- not a Fire Storm, Flame Strike. Sorry, so it's a column. Scanlan is-- it's a 60-foot range, is what you're asking? Yes, it is. Counterspell the Flame Strike? I need you to roll a d20. Add your charisma modifier. 19 will do it. With that, as the flames begin to well out in this column of fire and dark divine energy, you just reach out and snap your fingers and the spell vanishes on the spot. That necromancer, however, is going to impact in the center of the chamber a burst of necrotic energy that billows out from the center in a 60-foot radius. It's going to affect all of you guys. Everyone but you because you're away. Mr. Way Out of the Way Guy. Ceiling and floor, because it's a large enough radius where it affects the entire space. I need you guys to roll a constitution saving throw for me, please. Everybody but Vax. No, it will still affect Doty. So over here. Grog? 26. You take 15 points of necrotic damage. Pike. 15? You take 15 points of necrotic damage. You take 30 points of necrotic damage. You take 15 points of necrotic damage. 15 points of necrotic damage. 30 points of necrotic damage. Scanlan? 24? You take 15 points of necrotic damage, and make a concentration check, please. Constitution saving throw, with advantage because you have war caster. Plus your constitution saving throw bonus. You have advantage, but yeah. You maintain concentration. You're fine. All righty, and I need Taryon. All right. 15 points of necrotic damage to Taryon. As the wave fades off, you hear the chuckle of the two cultists, and they step backward into the red sphere. Oh, you're right. Sorry. They were on the ceiling. Thank you for the reminder! I know. Fair enough. Doty does get hit, yes. Doty is (creak, impact) on the ground. Thank you for the reminder. Sorry. 30. 30 necrotic. Did Trinket roll? Roll for Trinket. 30 points of necrotic for Trinket. All righty. That ends their go there. Pike? All you can hold is an action. What action are you going to hold? Essentially, yeah. As opposed to moving your initiative around in the order, you can still move on your turn, and then if you're going to cast or attack, you start it and then wait for something to trigger it and then release it when that happens. Scanlan's close to the top. Okay, so you begin casting Guiding Bolt. What's the trigger? For Scanlan to go? Okay. You begin concentrating on the spell. End of your turn? Keyleth, you're up. Grog, Lionel, and a number of skeletons. The blackguard, the two other casters over there, the minotaur skeleton... Okay. You can hit him. (counting) You can get everyone but these two skeletons, if you want to do a swath through that. Actually, if you started it here, you could go... (counting) You can either avoid the two skeletons or avoid one of those casters. Your call. So those two skeletons next to you untouched. Everything else in there has to make a dexterity saving throw against a DC 21. Natural 20 on that first skeleton. Minotaur does not make it. Let's see. Blackguard does not make it. Natural 20 on that caster there, and a 13 on that one. So this one fails, that caster succeeds, blackguard fails, minotaur fails, skeleton succeeds. Roll damage on that. 38 points of damage. This skeleton is burned into ash and destroyed. The minotaur skeleton, even though it made the save with a 20, it had taken damage from the fall earlier and it was enough to wipe it out. Minotaur skeleton, with that last bit, also burns up. The flames burn around the blackguard, but it stands there, defiant. It seems to almost be relishing the pain as it burns and tears through its armor. You don't see a face. All you see is black armor, jagged at the tips, long cloak that is burned to the back, big glaive that spins in his arm. Right there. He takes half the damage. It doesn't set them on fire. All righty. Keyleth, that's your action. What else are you going to do? You're right there. Two skeletons get attacks of opportunity on you if you move. It's up to you. Okay. Two attacks of opportunity on you. That is a 24? And a 17. All right. You take 22 points of slashing damage. Okay. Delilah. Yeah. She walks through. She's going to make a dexterity check to hold on right there, and she rolls a 23. No, a 22. Your DC is 22 for Scanlan? She just steps out of it and holds onto the edge. Actually, she wouldn't have had to do that. She steps to the edge. She succeeded, but she basically just looks out of the sphere. You watch her face appear out, and her hand. She begins to look around for her next target. She looks over at you, Pike, and goes, "Not this time, my dear." I need you-- Delilah's got the Player's Handbook-- I need you to make an intelligence saving throw, please. Nine. As her finger reaches out to you, your brain goes a little numb and a little fuzzy, and the spell that you were preparing dissipates, and conscious thought becomes difficult as the Feeblemind spell takes effect. Your intelligence and charisma become one. You can't cast spells, you cannot understand language or communicate in any intelligible way. She steps, laughing, back into the orb. Percy, you're up. Okay. That's as far as you can get in a 30-foot movement, yeah. That's going to be that one right there. Okay. 16 to hit does not hit. Still does not hit. As soon as you fire, it hits but it sparks off what looks like big plate armor on this caster that the robes were obscuring. As it hits, it tears through the cloth and you see the reflection of armor beneath. 24 hits, yeah. All righty. This does hit. (gunshot) Doesn't seem to affect him much. Go for it. Scanlan, you're up next. All righty. Still standing. Not showing any wear and tear. Taking damage, but does not appear to be wounded significantly. This isn't the one in the fully dark armor. This is the one that has armor under a cloak. It looks like an older man's face. Has this staff at the side and a mace hanging from the belt and is currently casting spells from the ceiling right now. I'll let you throw it on. Go for it. 16 points of lightning damage. All righty. That ends your turn, Percival? Scanlan, you're up. The minotaur fell, yeah. It was incinerated by the Fire Storm. And some skeletons. Right now? Nobody is near you. Right, Pike is right next to you. What are you doing? Okay. I'm going to check one thing. This is important, because this will make a big difference. All right. But inside the sphere. I understand. I will say, as is the nature of the spell versus a Dimension Door, I need you, as you begin to pass through, your form folds through the magic, the very powerful magic and intent of this sphere. The dome of red hits you immediately. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, please. Two. You can inspire and roll on top of that, if you want. 18. Not enough. All right. You take 28 points of fire damage for the red. As soon as you flash through, and there's orange behind it. I need you to make another dexterity saving throw. 18. You take 34 points of force damage. Sorry, lightning damage on this. Acid damage. I'm reading the wrong one. All right, so you take 17 points of acid damage. You pass through that into yellow. Make another dexterity saving throw. The essence of this 9th-level spell is to not let anything pass through it. Make a dexterity saving throw. All right. This is the first time that I've used this, so I'm making sure that I can... You know what? No, based on how it's written, it's passing through the sphere. Physically passing through the sphere, so I will say, looking at the rules now and really thinking about how it's worded. It doesn't say otherwise. I'll say you can teleport into the sphere. I'm going to take that damage back. No. You've made a valid point, and the spell does specify "pass through it." You do not pass through it. You appear on the other side. So what's the range on that? You appear inside. You appear within, and you're now on the inside. You can see, the bright colors are there, blinding you from the interior. Make a constitution saving throw. 15. You do. Okay. The good news is, you didn't take any of that damage as you bamf inside the sphere. Bad news is, you're blinded for a minute. The colors are so bright in there, your eyes immediately go stark, flashing white. You cannot see anything in there. Scanlan, that's your action. Is that your turn? That's true. However, you didn't take any damage, so you didn't lose your concentration on the spell. You're just blinded. All right, so now those cultists have all been slain. I forgot to do the skeletons last time, so I'll have them move in. These two skeletons are going to rush in. This one's going to go ahead and... 25. That's four skeletons on you, Keyleth. Yeah. Eight misses you. 13 misses you, I'm pretty sure. Eight again. And a 24. You take 11 points of slashing damage. Three of them are swinging at you and you're dodging out of the way, and then one of them catches you across the shoulder and you're like, (grunts). All right, that ends their go. Grog. The first thing that you reach over here is a skeleton. Go for it. That hits. Minimum damage, you destroy it, because of the great weapon master. You walk up, smash. There's one also adjacent to you there. Go for it. 20 hits. Minimum damage shatters that skeleton. You can move five feet in and get a third one, if you'd like. Okay. So instead, you go into full, large-size Grog mode here. (impact sound) There you have it. That's your turn, Grog? Lionel. Closest to you are the skeletons here, or if you wanted to rush around and get the guy with the big heavy armor. There's an old one with a staff, there's a black knight in all the armor with the halberd, or there's some skeletons. Yeah, you can make it over to him. You get up to him right there. You take a d8, I think? Yeah, you can use it three times. You get a d8 inspiration die, Keyleth. LIAM and All right. He's going to make a wisdom saving throw. What's your spell DC? 16. Natural 20. No. As you begin to cast the spell on him and you reach out for his mind to clench it, he (chuckles) and readies his halberd. No effect. You're still raging. You can maintain your rage as long as you're attacking things. You used your action to cast the spell instead of attacking. That's your turn, yeah. Unfortunately. Sorry, man. All righty, Taryon. How wide is your Prismatic Spray cone? What's the cone size on it that it says? Prismatic Spray I'm pretty sure is a 60-foot cone. So it is this big old fun guy. What are you doing? You can try and spray them, as it is a cone. You can aim it up probably to catch the edge of it. All right, so you can hit those guys and the blackguard, if you want to. All righty, so roll a d8. For that guy there. All righty, that's green, so poison for him. For the sphere? Seven for the sphere. That is violet. No effect. Okay, that guy there? Two. Orange. Acid. And the guard. Five. Cold. All right, so roll 10d6. Failure for him. Failure for the blackguard, who rolled a four. All three of them fail. 39. All righty... This war priest over here, the one on the far end, as you strike. That was with the acid ray. The green ray strikes him and he goes (death rattle) and slowly dissolves into a pile of purplish-red mush that begins to smear across the roof. The other two are impacted by it, and they're reeling from the pain. They're starting to show some real wear and tear now. That's going to end yours? Yeah. Vax. That is correct. You can get there. You rush in. 19 will hit, yes. Yes, and as you rush down with the speed of an elven bullet, you drive the blade right into the center of the armor plates, and you watch as he's chuckling with his glaive out, glaring at Lionel. (chuckles, death rattle, thud) And falls dead to the ground. As a dash. Okay. Okay, grabbing her, you can move at half movement to try and pull her along. Correct. You get her about over here. That ends your turn. Easy enough with the wind blowing around. Vex. There are two of them that appear to be staff wielders. The older one has been destroyed with acid. The other one you haven't really gotten close enough to see the face of. Yeah. Okay, so roll to attack. Yeah, that will hit. Roll damage. Nope. Does not succeed. He is restrained. (grunts) As you slam with the arrow from the other side, (grunts) the vines curl up and wrap around, constraining him. He's still holding the staff through part of it, but he's completely unable to move and is restrained. Yeah. Go for it. TRAVIS and 22 does hit. Roll damage. 100th episode, guys. I know. I want to finish this to a narrative beat. Sorry. Thanks for coming along, guys. You do. Then roll again. 33. Got it. All right, so (arrow impact) the other arrow hits. Blood pours out of the mouth as they're being held there. They're trying to break away, but they're not very strong. End of your turn? Trinket? Okay, you get on your broom. You going to move anywhere? All righty, so the necromancer that you just hit-- Okay. All righty. He angrily, from beneath the vines, gets his staff forward and begins chanting something under his breath. Rears back and exhales, and you watch as a cloud of green, billowing, poisonous smoke spills out in this area. That's going to get all of you guys. I want Keyleth, Grog, Lionel, and Percy to all make a constitution saving throw, please. It is magical. It is a Cloudkill spell. It is poison. Okay, so you take-- 15 points of poison damage, reduced to seven. All right. 12. You suffer 30 points of poison damage. Lionel? 30 points of poison damage. You use your reaction to reduce the damage by half. Yes, and you succeed on that, so you actually reduce it to a quarter, so instead it is seven points of poison damage. Percival? 15 points of poison damage. The cloud remains in this area, so this whole area is a billowing cloud of bad news. Yes, I understand it happens at the start of their turn, but we're trying to get through this quickly, guys. Don't worry. Calming down the internet. It's fine. Yep. Two skeletons already went. That brings us to Pike. You can move and attack. No spells. Not much you can do from this angle, unfortunately. What do you want to do? Nope. You get to roll against it in 30 days. This way? You can dash again. Okay. You'll stay back there? We'll say you get that far. That ends Pike's turn. Keyleth, you're up. It's you and Grog and Lionel on the ceiling with two skeletons. And one cultist. Okay. Yep. That is your action. You can still move if you want to, but you are a dragon on the ceiling. That's fine. What are you doing, Keyleth? You get two attacks of opportunity from the two skeletons as you step over. 18 and 21. Take 11 points of slashing damage. Do you have damage resistance in your dragon form? You move over and you look down. It's an orb, it's not a cylinder, so you just see the giant red dome. You can't see her because it's a dome. Nope. So, you get up and you glance down. For the purposes of this, you are currently right there and it's just a big red dome. There, it's fine. Reverse Gravity makes this battlefield so easy to keep track of. It's fine. All right, Keyleth, is that your go? It was an action to cast it and your move. Nobody sees you right now through the sphere. That ends your turn. All right. Delilah, within the sphere, the cultists next to her end up throwing the last object up and they-- well, no, sorry, they have not been throwing it in there because when the sphere turned, they'd been holding in there waiting for a moment. Delilah glances out and sees the dragon up there, she gets to make her save against your Frightful Presence. That is a 21 wisdom. The DC of whatever your Frightful Presence is. Wisdom saves, yeah, she makes it. She looks out, seeing everyone falling apart out there, pulls back in, looks at Scanlan and goes, "There's more important things to do." She grabs her amulet that she has around her neck and as she holds it again, you watch as the white orb that was glowing turns to black once again. In that instant, Grog, you revert back to your regular size, Keyleth, you return to your form, Percy, you fall off the side of the wall and land on your feet barely. The skeletons just collapse into piles of bones. Tary, you fall and land on the ground there. This Prismatic Wall vanishes. Feeblemind, currently, right now, is not affecting you. Meaning, Feeblemind, whatever the spell is right now, doesn't seem to be having an effect. All of a sudden, your consciousness comes back to you. Uh-huh. She, clutching the amulet, gives a nod to the two other cultists and all three of them step into the black orb. You watch as their forms (whooshing noises) and vanish. Yep! Through the sphere. Scanlan, I want you to roll a perception check. Okay. Never mind. Yep! You sense the concentration is still there, but the spell has no effect where you currently are. By the way, Lionel and Grog, you both (falling sounds) slamming into the ground. Nope! You guys suffer 15 points of bludgeoning damage. So, reduced to half for both of you because you're raging, so seven bludgeoning damage each. Yes. Your wings (retracting sound). That's what I'm saying, you're taking half damage from this. You take seven, as opposed to 15. You're still there, right next to the orb. Okay, go ahead and take a shot. Technically, fire, discard, quick draw, right? Quick draw means you can do it as a free action as a part of it? We'll say because you only used your bonus action to-- oh, not to reload. As a quick draw, you can pull it as an attack, you're fine. So, you do three attacks, the third one fires. You fire (bullet) and it vanishes into the orb. Currently, there's the one right there who's being held by the brambles. The brambles have vanished, and he's currently still conscious, and it's not his turn yet. So, Percy took all the shots into the orb. It is now Scanlan's turn. You rush towards the guy as the brambles wither away and fall to the ground. He turns around to rush towards the orb just as you rush towards him. Your bardic battle cry just "Argh!" with Mythcarver. Go ahead and make your attack. That'll hit. His armor class isn't very high; it's just a mage armor of 15. It's 1d8 plus your strength. Well, it doesn't have a magical bonus right now. So just 1d8 plus your strength modifier. What's your strength modifier? So, 1d8 plus one, your strength hasn't gone up. Seven damage. Eight damage. How do you want to do this, Scanlan? He had, like, three hit points left. How do you want to do this? As you repeatedly stab it in the feet, he's like, "Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow! Ow!" and it's like trying to pull away from you down the side of the pyramid ziggurat. "What are you doing?!" as you keep stabbing it over and over again into the feet until it falls unconscious. Bleeding out through his ankles. How very Scanlan. You killed her in the hallway as she was trying to escape back to Castle Whitestone when you were fighting Orthax. You killed her and threw her body in the acid pit. Are you going to try to have a brief communion with Sarenrae in the temple? You drop to your knees for a moment and concentrate, hoping for her wisdom. Go ahead and make a general wisdom check. Roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier. Plus five. Yeah, I believe it's plus five. 22. As you concentrate, you feel the warmth of Sarenrae's embrace descend from the darkness of the inside of your eyelids. You see the angelic form of her flaming aura come down and her hands touch the sides of your cheek. She turns your head around towards the orb. And, where previously you saw the little black dot, instead, you see a large oval doorway. Around it, it is flickering madly like a hundred spinning razors around the edges, but just beyond it you can see what appears to be a desolate, gray landscape, what looks to be a scattering of city buildings across this broken, black shadowland, and in the center a singular black obsidian tower that rises up to where you can't quite see the top from your current angle. And she gets down really close to the side of your ear. You feel the warmth of her divine breath against your face. She says, "This is the destiny. "This needs to stop. Only terror will come through this." "Whatever way you can. Our reach cannot go beyond the Divine Gate." "I will be diminished, if at all able to." And her finger touches your head and she kisses the top of your forehead and you feel the warm presence again, and she withdraws. As she withdraws, the cold is even harder with her absence because now the proximity of that shadow, of this room, just this general sense of negative energy and death that emanates from this direction behind you. As soon as you watch her light vanish and you open your eyes again, you're chilled to the bone. In what way? Do you wish to try to concentrate there? Make a wisdom check. d20, add your wisdom modifier. Seven? You concentrate and you get the sense that the proximity of this orb and something about the nature of this whole occurrence is interfering with your connection with your deity temporarily. You try and reach out to her, but nothing is returning your call. So, you drag a body, you said? So, you take the black guard, drag it behind you. The rest of you all continue down the pathway. You get to about where that T-intersection was and Pike, your brain goes numb once more. The spell immediately loses its hold and you regain control of your facilities. Speak with Dead. You watch the plate armor rouse ever so slightly as the fresh corpse begins to clink and tense against the metal plates. You hear the creaking sound of breath trying to escape from the reedy thin slit where, apparently, part of the dagger blow that you had shoved in the back of its neck went through and cut part of the vocal cards. You have its attention. As you glance closer to the black guard, because the helmet's still on, you'd have to pull the helmet off. Pull the helmet off-- it's missing its eye. Okay. (creaking) Five questions. You can see the lips are curled back against the teeth and the skin is stretched tight against the skull. While once living, this had some sort of necrotic twisting to its flesh, whether it be by proximity or practice. But the jaws open. (gasping) Through the jaw doesn't move, you hear the escaping thin air forming words that say, "You need one of the crafted stones to pass unharmed." (gasping) "Or be hearty enough to survive its ravishing doorway." "We are the Remnants. Small parts of the whole, given purpose to come together and remake "the vessel of the Undying King." "To bequeath ourselves of the highest Remnant order to the Whispered One is to gift our "sight like he did. Be granted knowledge he keeps." "I know not the means. But she is a powerful necromancer, and with the right preparation, even "death can be averted." The whisper becomes a slight chuckle. (chuckling) "His return is nigh. The Whispered One "will come. His acolytes will help him complete his destiny through the Ritual of Seeding. From within "the gate he will rise, the solitary tyrant and lord of Exandria. And with the sole crown of "creation guarded upon his head, we who were his body will be rewarded with life eternal at his side." (gasping) And the spell fades. That was five questions. As you sit here in the cavern, contemplating what these words mean, what the next step of your accelerated involvement in this plot, we're going to end tonight's episode. Ran a little over, guys; hundredth episode, that's a record. Holy shit. For those who are still here, hanging out, thank you for staying! For those who aren't, enjoy your two-parter! Yeah, seriously. Dude, thank you again, Jon, for joining us! (cheering) Thank you, Marvel Puzzle Quest for being our amazing sponsor. Thank you, Critters, for being amazing. I'm going to get my, like, four hours of sleep before getting on a plane to a convention. So I'll see you guys in Texas!