Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Tonight should be a very unique and climactic evening. I'm glad you could join us for it. Before we jump into it, we have some quick announcements to get through. First and foremost, our episode tonight is brought to you by our friends at Marvel Puzzle Quest. Thank you so much again for coming and being so supportive of the show. Sam! You have a word to say? Thank you, Sam, and thank you, Marvel Puzzle Quest. Do we have any merch updates, Laura? For the Critical Role podcast on iTunes, we have now up to episode 55 released. Hopefully have more announcements as it goes up, as more episodes are available. So go check it out. Slowly getting caught up, piece by piece. Once again, our comic, Vox Machina Origins, Critical Role comic through Dark Horse, is available. We're going to have a new issue coming up in the near future, so very soon. Issue two. Excited for you guys to see it. Talks Machina is this Tuesday, of course, about this episode. 700pm Pacific time, here on Twitch and Alpha, for our wonderful host, Brian W. Foster. We can all drink together on set. Don't forget to submit any of your fanart or gifs to submit@talksmachina.com. Do you have a Wednesday Club episode coming up, too? Fantastic. Thank you, Taliesin. Also, apparently, Twitch has extended Sub-tember all the way to Sub-tober! Or at least, up until Twitch Con, which is in a few weeks. So if you're a first time sub, you get half off for a few more weeks on every channel. If you want to support this or any of your other favorite channels on Twitch, now is the time to do it before this goes away, or it becomes Sub-Vember. So check it out, and awesome! That is all of our announcements, guys. Well, let's carry that energy onward as we dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role! [dramatic music] You're not entirely certain. As you guys are ascending, you begin to see a peek of greenish light that's peeking up ahead, starting to brighten the spiral staircase as you ascend. You get the sense you're getting close. The secondary Scanlan takes a moment, looks at you, nods. "Okay." "Truer words were never spoken. And if you fall, I'll tell the tale of the Scanlan that left "me with his Number Two Whip." "I love you, too." You're not sure if you should go in for a kiss or not. For the record, as the ascent and the time it's cast, you'll probably arrive at the top of the tower with about-- for the purposes of gameplay and time wishy-washiness, I'll give you about 30 seconds, once the encounter starts, in which the Haste will remain. 25 to 30. Interesting point of order. They don't have to be within 30 feet of you for it to affect you. It looks like as long as they're within 30 feet of you when you cast it, then you guys can run anywhere. Attack rolls. Heading up the stairs, the greenish light of the surface greets you as you break toward the top of the tower. This ascent is somewhat familiar to Keyleth, having seen this exact arrival once before, as you were originally scrying on the death knight. As soon as you hit the peak, the wind sends your hair behind you and scattering across your face. As you can see, the extremely strong cyclone that encapsulates the top of this tower is now swirling around you. There are occasional breaks in the clouds, where you see glimpses of the sprawling city of Vasselheim right below you. You see the titan's feet have already breached the outer walls and have begun crushing their way through the Braving Grounds of the city. Columns of smoke swirl upward to engulf the behemoth's legs with each impact. You get the sense the entire city is leaned forward as it's begun to assault thousands upon thousands of soldiers that have swarmed up toward the base of the creature. You can see arrow and spell being flung from a distance. You can see other flying soldiers, wyvern-riders, eagle-riders, across the way that are crashing into gloomstalker clouds that are swooping down to engulf the skies above the city, as the four giant arms of this titan continue to pummel and smash, tossing large towers and temples, breaking into bits of rubble and rock. You can see hundreds of warriors man siege weapons against this unstoppable, ancient threat as giant rocks and boulders go flying past, slamming the sides of the giant dome that still remain holding. However, there you can see the large wedge that you had already left free and open, where the soldiers that managed to break through the initial onslaught of the gloomstalkers are beginning to swarm in and try and make their way in your direction. Bolts of green energy crackle and fork through the swirling clouds around you. Your eyes creep upward to lock onto the terrifying avatar form of Vecna the Ascended. The Undying King-made-God is now a huge skeletal lich body, floating about 40 feet above the tower, staring down at you, tendrils of screaming souls entwined within his limbs, and the tome he has clutched in his right hand. Stretching with every gesture, you see the faces screech and cry in pain as they're withered and torn as his arms shift downward to greet you. The gaping left socket is almost blinding with crackling power, arcs of arcane tethers crawling across his chest and face. His left hand, however, is whole. Seemingly recovered a part of his previous power. The hand of Vecna appears to have been reattached. The artifact now pulses with the same green energy that sparks from his voided socket. Across his long tattered red robes and his dark golden armor, his ribcage glows from within, sending beams of sickly green light out at each gap. And there, floating in the bones, the faint outline of a small humanoid form locked within. Make a perception check, everyone. Ooh, nice. So you five look up to see an unconscious little girl, of human and elven descent. Velora floats, encased within the ribcage of the avatar form. She appears to be in some sort of a trance and is held by nothing but air and energy. A terrible familiar smile creeps across the face, his thin mummified lips curling into an impossibly long exaggerated smile that defies the constraints of the skull that held it. "I was curious who would seek my blessing first. You all "have proven driven enough to deserve the personal touch of my wrath. When I discovered your wily "tricks merely shifting about beneath my nose, the humor of it was not lost on me. This omniscience "is still new. I learned to push my limits with each passing moment. I thank you for showing me. I "reward you by sharing with you the ruin of this once beautiful city, a familiar oblivion to you "each, now perfected." I would like you all to please place yourselves. You've arrived. Place yourselves around this entrance in what order you would've ascended to this point. I'll show you once you place yourselves based on how you ascended. Unless you wanted to scatter, let's say about anywhere from 15 to 20 feet from where the entrance is as you rush out to look over the side of the wall. All right, we have Percival over here. So I'll say over here? You can get about this far. For just the ascension. I'll say you can do that as he's speaking. Then (whooshing). There's Grog. We'll say you can get, for the sake of placement, about 20 feet up. To this side? Because you have your wings out, sure. I'll let you get there. Right there? Well, I had friends help me, because I've been planning a wedding. That was actually converted from my Critter gift a while back. Yeah. So even the community helped. So to give you some perspective in size to his newly ascended avatar form, all of his power focused into a single, physical entity, that is the Vecna produced since the Ritual of Seeding. I would like you all to roll initiative. (screaming) It's an ability check, I think, right? There we go. Now we got the music going. All right. So 30 to 25? 25 to 20? 20 to 15? And Percival. 15 to ten? Ten to five? If you want to. Vecna goes first. As he stands above, he lifts his hand. You watch as the atmosphere above, at the outskirts of this cyclone above the city, a tear in space and time begins to rip. A familiar sound you've heard once before. You watch as giant flaming rocks, three of them, go firing down into Vasselheim. You watch as the apex of the temple of Kord gets impacted and crumbles down to one side in a flaming ruin. You watch as a secondary one slams down into the center of the city, in a familiar district to you, Pike. And a third one goes arcing off towards the temple of the Raven Queen. And with a distant explosion, the flash encompasses that vicinity. This is what you would notice, if the fourth one didn't come flying straight for the top of the tower. As it slams into the center of the tower apex, I need everybody to make a dexterity saving throw. That's correct. That's correct. So go ahead and roll the damage. Grog is, yes. So what did you get? Yes. Fail. Success. Success. Fail. Fail. Just succeeds. With a skill set. With a saving throw, I generally consider a natural 20 an auto-success. But letting you know, that's still barely a pass. 26. He just made it. Pike, what did you roll? So everyone who failed, you take 67 points of bludgeoning damage. Halved if you succeeded. And 66 points of fire damage. 67 and 66, yeah. Correct. Uncanny dodge is for a melee attack. Bludgeoning and fire. We'll say 66 points of damage is what you take. Also, Pike and anybody with a concentration spell, I need you to make a concentration check. You do not, because you did not take any damage. It's a constitution saving throw. With half the damage? No. So Holy Aura fades. 27? You maintain concentration. Wait, no, because half the damage would be 33. You do not. There's too much damage, no, you're right. Wait, you took 30-- I'm sorry, you took half damage from everything. No, it's still 66. So you guys do drop your spells, unfortunately. That's okay. Figure out the math here, because it sunders the tower. If I could get somebody to take this off here for me? All right. So using the photo replication of this. I also need everyone to make a strength saving throw, please. Sorry, it's in the wrong direction. No. Anyone who's flying doesn't have to worry about it, necessarily. Doesn't have to make the strength saving throw. So as that detonates and sends it this way, that puts us-- No, he's immune to prone. You guys all got slammed and scattered across this tower, from the explosion. Where he is now, currently. Uses his movement to shift over here and move up. So after the explosion hits, the ringing in your ear begins to subside, your vision returns, and you look about the now-broken tower. You've grabbed on to what you can, so strength saving throws for those who weren't flying. So everybody but Scanlan makes the save. So Scanlan, with the detonation, you get thrown off the side of the tower and begin to plummet off the side. So I'll put you right there for the time being from the impact of it. Moving back, that's going to end Vecna's turn. Grog, you're up first. Sure. Also, did you roll 4d6 damage? How much was it? 12 points of radiant damage to him. The flash hits, he floats up, and now you can see he chuckles, looking down at the destruction. The green tendrils of energy, the vein-like projections that have been clutching the tower together, are now extending out like tethers, grasping the bottom of each floating island that used to be the top of Entropis as they slowly shift, held in place, and rotate around, the storm still cycling around you. Yeah, they're floating, now held in place by these green tethers, and they're slowly shifting. Grog, you're up. Yeah, make an athletics check. 28? Yeah, easy. You leap over, it would be 20 feet of movement. Okay. Sure, go for it. 31 hits. So as you're getting the chain, as you leap over and go running across the platforms, you can see the entire platform is lilted to one side and some stones are tumbling and skidding off the side. You can see bits of the stone are charred from the immediate destruction and impact of the meteors. And as you pull the chain out, as you rush and attach it, the voice pulses through your head. "Yes! He's here. Right there. Kill him! Take him down! Deliver me!" Yes. Necrotic? All right, so 37 points of slashing damage. All right. With that you toss the blade up into the side. "Oh." And you see for a second, there's a brief flash of recognition and a slight sliver of worry on his brow for but an instant, before his hand reaches up and grabs towards to try and pull the blade out. Okay so you pull it back and make your attack. 27? That hits. 35 points of slashing damage. As you draw the blade back for the second swing and you rotate it as it goes, "I can taste him," and you fling it upward and it pierces once more into the abdomen. Each time, you begin to grow more and more nervous with the proximity of the blade towards the currently unconscious and contained little girl inside the chest. Others may. You may be fine. But it's passing within like a foot of her each time. Inside the chest cavity. Second time as it hits, there's another flash of dark energy. Are you withdrawing it? Okay. Make another check to pull it out. Yeah, contained in it. Yeah, You pull it back. Is that your turn? You do. Hold on. No, I'm sorry. Because you used-- Correct. Sure. Yeah. I'm thinking for this, because it's not like the hammer you throw up, returns every single time. It's like you impact and then you have to pull it back each time. Yeah, so I'd say you attack, then you used your hasted action to pull it back and let's say you-- bonus action threw it in. So it's actually still in him. So it's currently embedded in him with the chain now taut at the maximum length. He's now 30 feet above you. 35 technically, but you're in large mode. Make an athletics check. 19? Yeah. That'll work. As you run and leap and bound, you manage to catch the edge. Let me check real fast. Actually, a number of feet up to your strength score. If you move at least ten feet on foot, so-- Yeah. So you don't have to roll for that. You can move 26 feet with a jump, as long as you get ten feet of run-up because of your speed. So yeah, you leap across without issue. The chain is taut as you Tarzan-swing across the way and land on the other side, still holding on to it. "Delicious." He's talking to you from a distance. At the end your turn, Vecna's going to use two legendary actions-- LAURA and Yes, to cast a spell. As a reaction, as you glance past. "Oh no, we cannot let that stay near." And as he pulls out and opens his hands, I need you to go ahead, Grog, and make a-- Actually, you don't make a saving throw. Grog vanishes from the battlefield. Gone. You watch as this space closes around it. Grog. You suddenly appear in a darkened tunnel of some kind. You look around and you can see hard walls to each point and ahead of you, it splits in two different directions. Behind you, it splits into three different directions. It looks completely unfamiliar. Two ahead of you and then three behind you. No, you've never seen this place before in your life. Nope. That's the end of Grog's turn. Vex, you're up. Do enough damage to make him drop concentration. That's what you did last time to bring him back. Hunter's Mark Vecna. All right. Bonus action. Oh god. That's not helping. Go for it. Roll for the attack. 30? That hits. Sure. You are. You got lobbed off the side from the explosion and the tower crumbling beneath you. You couldn't find purchase. You grabbed part of the stone and your fingers slid and scraped off. That is-- Okay. He's going to burn a legendary resistance. He does not want to be restrained right now. So he burns off that. So that was a total of 41 damage. So half that. So he's going to make a concentration check. Yeah, he succeeds. That's 22. He had to roll a 20. 25 piercing damage. Oh, 25 to hit? I'm sorry, yes, that hits. 19 points of damage? No. What it does is it bypasses or can hit creatures that normally are immune to non-magical weapons like those ghosts and things, so it doesn't have an additional effect that you can see from it, unfortunately. So how much damage was it? Okay, yeah. He does make his save still. So as the two arrows swish past and slam into part of his neck, it seems to pass through, a period where it's just energy. A second one whisks through the bottom of his body-- All right. 20. And he glances down at you, the eye flashes, "Oh don't worry, I'm coming for "you soon enough." That end your turn? (laughter) That's amazing. You've taken enough care through aiming to not strike anywhere near who you recognize within. He would be considered gargantuan. Why? Well, you have the powerful build. So you're considered large, and you can grapple one size larger than that. Okay, perfect. That ends your turn? Vecna, end of your turn, is going to use a third legendary action to use a Firebolt against-- let's say against you, since you just shot him. So spell attack. That is a 35. To hit, yeah. It's 4d10. Nope, it's a Firebolt, a cantrip. 21 points of fire damage to you. As the bolt slams into you. Go for it. Rolls for concentration. Natural one. He's going to go ahead and use his legendary resistance to maintain it. That's going to finish your turn, I believe? I'm sorry. All right, Vax, you're up next. Correct. From that distance, about 45 feet. Yeah, about ten feet. 24 hits. Yes. That would be a different roll. Then we'd have to roll again. Okay. 44 points of damage. Natural 18. He makes his concentration check. He's immune to poison. Sorry, how many points? That ends your turn? He's going to continue on. Now we're on the initiative count 20. Yes. The dead rise. Bits of scattered bone and corpses that litter the top of this tower, many of which have been thrust off in the explosion and charred and destroyed from the impact, others begin to clack together and rise. Nine skeletons rise from the ground. Nine of them. All righty, so those two take an attack against you, Vex. That is 18. Now against Percival, it's a natural 20. You take ten points of slashing damage, as the skeleton pulls this rusted scimitar to the side and rakes it across your chest. Then against Keyleth, a natural three is not going to hit. Against Pike, an 18 is not going to hit. Against you, Vax, that doesn't hit. I think that's it. They'd have to hit though. That is going to finish the lair action. Scanlan Two is up. He is currently clutching on the side of this. So he didn't have to worry about watching the whip drop. It's the rest of the tower. Make a general athletics check for him. 11. Does he want to try and inspire himself? It's an ability check. Okay. Roll a d12 and add to it. No, add the roll to it. 14 is just enough. It's not super hard to climb this, you get just to the edge there. And that's all your movement for him. Did he use his bonus action? Well it's not inspiring. It's giving yourself the use of an ability check. It does not cost you a bonus action. Your peerless skill does not. Correct, for Scanlan Two because he has his own pool. Okay. LAURA and He was resistant to lightning damage last time. Technically. Level five Fireball? Okay. Where does Bigby's Hand appear? 28 hits. Roll damage. 4d8, and you cast it at 5th-level? No damage, actually. Bigby's Hand slams towards him and impacts to no effect. You get the sense that only a certain level of magic can break past his magical barrier. You watch as Bigby's Hand slams into him to no effect and pulls back, and you're like, "That's "not good." Make an intelligence check. That sucks! You can do that. All right, so take your d12 inspiration die. Is that the end of Scanlan Two's turn? All right, at the end of his turn, Vecna's going to use his last two legendary actions. Yeah. To cast another spell. As he sees Scanlan One go flying down off the edge and Scanlan Two climb up, he glances down and goes, "You clever little gnome." He's going to attempt to dispel. At 8th-level? Okay, go ahead and roll. Oh, at 8th-level, it means that it nullifies the spell. He was dispelling at 6th-level. You watch the Undying King in his magnificent, horrible form lean forward, going, "What? Ugh." Prepares for whatever he has coming up next. That's the end of that. Keyleth, you're up. Where do you want to place it? How many does it create? Well, Grog is not on the field. You don't see Grog anywhere. Okay. So constitution saving throw. Rolled a natural three. No. He's going to take it. He's used two legendary resistances. No, he's used two. He's immune to blind, unfortunately. He rolled a four. No. He's going to burn his third legendary resistance to maintain. He tasted that sword. He does not want you on that field. You also notice as the detonation of radiant energy blasts his form, "Ugh!" he withdraws a bit and you can see the energy flicker and dropping from within his ribcage, you watch as a slightly burned, unmoving little girl begins to fall out of him. She's plummeting through this crack. Straight down. So Keyleth, you're going to stay where you are? Around there? Okay. So there you are. That ends your turn? All right. Percival, you're up. 20 hits, yep. You're on deck. Okay. As the skeleton lunges towards you, you put the barrel of the gun-- Oh, this is the sword! I see. As you do, it cuts right through and bones go scattering off the side as it's destroyed. Okay. So you (sheathes sword, gunshot). That hits, roll damage. For the purposes of this, this is Velora, plummeting down. As it's scraping at your betrothed, you fire the gun and watch as the skeleton skull blasts clean off the rest of the body. It scratches one more time before it clatters into a pile of lifeless bones. There's three over there, one over there and three over there that are waiting. He takes damage from magical weapons. Animus is. Okay. As a bonus action. Hexed. That hits. Count the lightning damage separately. All right. That's 31 total for that. He's going to make a concentration check. Natural 18. He's fine. You notice both the blasts of lightning and the dark necrotic energy seem to be partially wounding but not on the level you'd expect. Nope. Just passes through one of the open spaces in the ribs. Sharpshooter? 19. This one actually hits the armor and reflects off. That hits. That is a 22. So this final shot hits him and he barely feels an impact and grins down at you as a baneful gaze curling across the floor. He's now aware of your presence. He did. He succeeded. Okay. So that moves you up to there. That's your turn? End of Percival's turn, Scanlan. As you are now off the edge, you can see the edge of the tower vanishing away from you, the cyclone whirling above. Part of it catches you on the way out as you hit the edge of the cyclone that's circulating it. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw at disadvantage because you're falling. 19. Okay. So you take half damage. Would've been 16 points of piercing damage from the shrapnel being spun around it, you instead take eight. As you're falling. For what check are you doing that for? Yeah. One creature other than yourself. And you have the ability peerless skill which means when you're making an ability check you can add bardic inspiration to it. No. So in this alternate reality you're singing under your breath, trying to build your resolve as you-- You're up next, Pike, by the way. Be ready. With that, there's a burst of purplish arcane energy as your eyes are trained on the massive god-like form of Vecna and there in the vacuous space where Velora once was encased, you see a familiar gnome's form appear in that pocket. So you are currently-- we'll put you there, say you're in the space. Okay. So you're on the edge of the rib cage. 60 feet from there? I would say maybe, maybe Vex. There you go, not wasted. Never a song wasted. Yes. You could try. Bigby's Hand is pulled back currently, being controlled by the other Scanlan. You could try and leap into it. No. Because both you and Bigby's Hand are technically right up against him. So you're still holding on to him or-- SAM; I'm going to see if I can hold onto both. Okay. That's your turn. Pike. No. Let's see. It looks like Scanlan Two, Vax, Keyleth, and Trinket are within 30 feet of you. Go ahead and roll a saving throw. Yep. Trinket is in your necklace. Yeah, he just took about 130 points of damage. Can do that. So you fly up. Yeah, I'll take this down a little bit there. There we go. That'll put you there. Okay. The range on that is? That'll be Vex, Pike, and Keyleth. Sorry. Scanlan Two can't heal. So what did you roll? So Pike, what was the end total? Did you add the ten for your blessing? So 39 points healed to Vex, Percy, and Keyleth. Yeah. Don't forget, the blessing you have means whenever you heal anybody, they heal an additional ten points. (laughs) Does that end your turn, Pike? You have your bonus action, still. Okay. You've moved about 40 feet so what's your flying speed? That's okay. I'm pretty sure-- That's okay, I have it right here. Blessing of the Everlight. Yep. Flying speed of 40 feet. So you've moved your maximum speed while flying and you've used your action to cast. You can't move any further. There you go. All right. That ends your turn, Pike. Up to the top of the round, it is now Vecna's turn. Gets his legendary actions back. Vecna, looking at the field around. You can hear now, the distant blasts and impacts of the battle below in Vasselheim. You see this giant looming shadow as one of the large mountain-sized arms of the titan swings in the air and causes this brief eclipse over and then slams down into the center of the city. You see dust, rock, and probably a dozen bodies flung in the air from the impact as they drift out of sight below. Glancing at this, he starts chuckling to himself as the small gnome is crawling across the body and reaching out to the hand. "I do wish most of these creatures would find their way straight "to me. It's so much easier." However, he looks off past you. "But you've always been an issue. You're how you all escaped "from my clutches last time. Well, how's this for a bit of irony, my dear?" Yeah. 120 feet, you're in range. I need you to go ahead and make an intelligence saving throw, Keyleth. Yes. You can. Yes, an intelligence saving throw. This is true. He has to choose to Counter-- Make an arcana check. Because you are Ioun-- His restored hand is reaching out towards her as he glances down with a grin. You've seen it used before against a green dragon you once fought. You have not cast this spell. You do not know. Okay. It's an 8th-level spell so you still have to roll. So I need you to go ahead and roll-- I need you to roll your spellcasting ability. So roll and add your charisma bonus. 22. That'll be enough. (exclamations of relief) No. As you finish the incantation, the spell fizzles, his hand out, "Really?" He's glaring at you. And with that, "Come for a ride with me," (whooshing) and begins to rise up even higher into the air. Okay. Go for it. It's okay. Lost the Hex. There we go. It'll be fine. And you. Putting you right around here as he adjusts upward and you're clutching onto Bigby's Hand. What are you doing as your attack of opportunity? Sure. Go for it. It's an action to do it. Correct. Since I don't have a second Bigby's Hand, I'll go ahead and put this as Scanlan Two's Bigby Hand with you and where do you want to place this one? There you go. There is the Bigby's Hand. Three Stooges bops him on the head? Go for it. Correct. Go ahead and roll to hit. Nope. So Bigby's Hand goes to bop and as it impacts-- Ability checks. It seems to hit but it gets carried up with Vecna's form and it stands there in front of him. The fingers crack themselves and get ready for the next round. That's going to end Vecna's turn. Grog, you're up. You're trying to make your way through this maze. I need you to make an intelligence check. Let me see if it's intelligence check or intelligence save. It's an intelligence check. So go ahead and roll a d20, add your intelligence modifier. Yes. You rolled a two? Okay. You spend the round rushing down-- you see the left! You turn left and run ten feet and it looks like the same hallway you were just in. So you rush forward and turn right. And you end up and it looks like it's in the same hallway you were in. It seems to be this perpetual maze that you can't seem to escape from. There you go. All righty. Grog, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. So you dart down-- --with the broom. You can get to her, but it'll take your movement and your action. Okay. You swoop down, manage to grab her body and you have her now in your arms. No. There is part of the tower, where it impacted, there's still the stairway. It's just cusping up in the bottom of one of these pieces so there's a little bit there. If you want to try and toss her? Then wait until next turn. All right. That ends your turn. Okay. You can do that pretty easily. You're pretty much on the same level as Scanlan and Bigby. You're able to get there. Yeah. The first attack was with disadvantage because you're aiming for something specifically. Okay. You watch as the tome that he's holding spatters into pages and he's like, "Huh." You destroyed the tome. Right. 17. 29 hits. 25 to hit? That hits. Succeeds on a save. He hit him twice. To get where you are right here is for-- because you're hasted so-- Yeah, so no. It took you about 60 feet to get there. You're right here currently. Right about there, we'll say. So tome's destroyed. The daggers seem to slide into him. He maintains concentration. That ends your turn? Okay. Let's see here. MARISHA, LAURA, and Okay. End of your turn-- End of your turn, he's going to go ahead and use two of his legendary actions. "All right. "Seems the battlefield has been expended." As he glares down at the gnome and the other gnome. "Let's try this again." Make an intelligence saving throw with advantage. But it hasn't come back to his turn. Nope. So as the spell energy whips out from his hand and entwines-- TALIESIN and That's what it's there for. The cocked die argument was not resolved. You guys just rolled. We'll move forward with it, but cutthroat from here on out. Sacrifice all your lucks, if you want to. I was thinking. It's fine. You resist the spell. No effect, no impact. We're moving on, it's all good. You're fine. That then brings us to the initiative count 20. First off, the currently existing skeletons all swarm in on Keyleth as the only one standing. That's three attacks on you. That is 12. 18? And no. So you get one hit. That's seven points of slashing damage to you. Also, you feel this pulse wave of dark energy swell out from outside of Vecna in the vicinity. It cascades out, encompassing the entirety of the area and then fades and all of you feel a little colder on the inside. For the next round, anybody with resistance to necrotic damage, it's negated. Yep. At this point in time, you hear this roar as the clouds suddenly explode and part from the nearby cyclone and you watch as two gloomstalkers come swarming outward, wounded. One of them slaps into the side of one of the islands and collapses. A second one suddenly gets snatched in the jaws of what, now, you see a sparkling brass dragon emerge from the side. As J'mon Sa Ord flies in, glances right up, in the form of Devo'ssa, towards Vecna, and shouts out in a deep, bellowing, dragon voice, "Your time is done, old one. Fall before us all." (snarls, roars) And unleashes a torrent of flame upward in the direction of both Vecna and Bigby's Hand. So let's see. That is going to be DC 21. Does not make the save. So that's 56 points of fire damage. Yep. Which he does not make. He's going to use his fourth legendary resistance to maintain it. He does not want you on that field, Grog. No, he has a total of legendary resistances he can use per day. Legendary actions he gets every single round. Correct. Well a dexterity saving throw, if he gets one. Nope. Nope, 56 points of damage. It's okay. Bigby's Hand has hit points equal to your hit point maximum, so yeah. Yeah. Okay. As soon as J'mon roars and shows up, Vecna turns around. "Oh, no, we cannot have "this." At the end of J'mon's turn-- He's going to look about the field and consider what the current importance is, and instead, glance downward and use two more legendary actions to cast Dispel on your Simulacrum. Understanding that you do not have any reactions to counter. It's two to cast a spell. And with Dispel Magic, is going to go ahead and cast it at 5th-level. Nope. So at 6th-level, it's an 8th-level spell, correct? Simulacrum? Oh, but you cast it as an-- Right, but it just creates the spell, so it'd be 9th. So with his 5th-level, he'd still have to make an ability check. Using the spellcasting ability, which is-- It's ability modifier, yeah, so he has disadvantage. That's a natural 20, but with disadvantage, second one was a 13 plus ten, that's a 23, that's enough. So with that, second Scanlan is dispelled. Off the field. Well no, this Bigby's Hand. Yes, actually. Yes, it's a concentration spell. So you start falling once more as Bigby's Hand vanishes. You watch as Scanlan Two melts into snow and water onto the ground, dripping off, the clothing and items that he had clattering and rolling off into oblivion. And you begin plummeting. So you would fall to about there. You'd fall prone. One thing, I'll put you there, laying you prone, because otherwise you'll slide. And you suffer-- You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage and are knocked prone. Nope. All right. Scanlan Two is gone. Keyleth, it's your turn. Okay. What are you changing into? He's going to use his-- Well no, what's the range on Counterspell? You're too far for him to Counterspell. So you transform without an issue. That is your action, yes. Yep. What do you do? Where are you going, Keyleth? In the air? I know. There you go. Okay. Is that your turn, Keyleth? I mean, I don't think he has anything to do as a bonus. All right, that ends your turn. Percy, you're up. Yeah. That hits. Hits. You're up after this, Scanlan. 17 points of damage plus four psychic? Scattered and destroyed. Okay. He also is destroyed. You can. You can't combine different abilities that spend grit points, but you can combine Sharpshooter, which is a feat, with any attacks you make. So you're just using one point for violent? Which, violent shot, which is double dice from your weapon. Correct. Correct. You double. So it's 11, that's 22. Okay, so how much dice does it do per shot? It's a d10, right? It's 2d10. Right, yeah. Great. So what's the total? Right, and how much damage is that total? Okay. 57 points, all righty. No, that's a failure on his concentration. He's not going to use his legendary resistance. He feels pretty comfortable high up. So with that, Grog's giant form reappears right where he left, right there. The maze disappears around you and you land back on the space. Looking around, your friends are in different places, there's a giant brass dragon above you. You see an angel flying above, and you can see on the ground, hurting-- Scanlan. Anywhere you want to move, anything else you want to do? Correct, so that'll be 23 points next turn. Got it. 24 hits. That is a 17, so-- How much does he drop? Does it say? Oh, does it say prone? He's immune to prone. No, as it says, on a hit, the target takes normal damage and must make a strength saving throw or be knocked prone, which would affect things normally if they were flying, but he's immune to prone. So next round, he takes a total of 39 points of damage automatically from the hemorrhaging shot. So as each shot (impacts). The crit hits, and you watch him go, (snarling). And as that impact hits, you watch as part of the armor cracks, and there's a brief little wound in the shoulder where you see a glow of energy behind. You see the brief, a tiny little chink in the armor of his avatar form. Okay. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. Yep. All right, that's a bonus action, go for it. If you wanted to? Generally, I think it's supposed to be like you can, as a bonus action, cause it to do again, so your action has to be something else. That's her blessing from the Everlight. So only she gets that. It's plus ten to whatever she heals. That's part of the gift she got from her god. Above the deck, let's see-- 75 feet up. He casts Polymorph? Oh, shit. All right. Yeah. So you'll have half of your eagle's fly form. He's pretty heavy in his large size, so I would say-- You're at half speed while he's on your back. Even your fly speed. What's the fly speed of the eagle? And you used half your movement, so you can get 20 feet up, yeah. We'll put you there and we'll say you're at 20 feet. I'll acknowledge that here. I need to put tape on the eagle. I can fix that. I came prepared. All righty. Well thank you. Wait until the battle's over before you thank me. I mean, it would have taken a couple rounds, but you've already made your choices. Because it's a concentration spell, yeah. I know. All righty. So ending Scanlan's turn, Pike, you're up. Guiding Bolt at 6th-level, all right. Make a ranged spell attack, Pike. Yeah, it's 120 feet, so you're in range. No, it means you have to roll a d20 and then add your ranged spell attack modifier. Yeah, so you can move a little closer, but you have-- He's in range. You have 120-foot range, so you don't have to get closer, but you can if you'd like to. Okay. I'll say for the purposes of-- We'll know that J'mon is up there. MARISHA and Keeping an eye at that point there. Pike will rise up and move closer still to about there. All right. And what'd you roll? It doubles damage, yeah. It's one of the few ways you can crit with spell damage, is if it's a ranged spell attack. So go ahead and roll your damage. Roll 9d6. Times two. 72 points of radiant damage. And the next attack on him has advantage. You watch as Pike, her wings expanded, flies up in the direction. As she does, she glances upward, clutching the holy symbol of Sarenrae in her hand. Her eyes, which have already been glowing since she brought the blessing upon her physical form, now begin to burst with vibrant energy. As she extends her hand in front, you watch as a singular comet of divine wrath rockets upward, slamming into the front of Vecna's chest. As the impact hits, he screams out and as he looks down, you can see the anger of his eye flaring, the energy now sparking outward with sheer hatred, and you can see the area of the chest where Percy had hit and slightly exposed a wound, there's now a gaping wound in the chest where the Guiding Bolt has hit, and now the energy is crackling across his body, guiding the next attack against him. So that's 74 points of damage. All righty, cool. All right, Pike, that's your action and your move. Anything else you want to do? You can get maybe down ten feet. As an eagle. Technically, he's at full health as an eagle. Yes, Grog and Scanlan are within range of you. Okay, so roll 2d4 plus your wisdom modifier to yourself. Scanlan's at full health as an eagle. Okay, so 2d4 plus your wisdom modifier to Grog. End of your turn, Vecna's going to use a fifth and final legendary action to cast Firebolt again. That's going to be-- oh man. It's going to go for the eagle. Seeing the massive man holding the sword bent on his destruction in his hand, wants to stop that ascension. He pulled it back, or he would have gone with him when he transported to the maze. That is a 30? It hits. 25 points of fire damage. So you have one hit point left. That ends Pike's turn. Top of the round. Vecna gets all his legendary actions back. Vecna, who sees you all swarming upward, says, "I've enjoyed toying with you, playing, and all this "fantastical experience of seeing what you're capable of, but you've severely angered me." He clutches up with his hand across where the wound is. "Let's end this now." With his other hand, raising up, you can see the stitch marks on the flesh of the reformed hand of Vecna begin to bulge, and as he does, the sky above you cracks open a second time as large arcane meteors come slamming down from above. (singing) More than one 9th-level spell. He is a fucking god. To the ground, so that's a 40-foot radius, so it would hit Scanlan and Grog. Pike, as it impacts here, Pike, you're just out of range of the explosions. Your planetar form, however, is caught in the blast radius. So everybody but Pike and Vex are affected by this. This is another 20d6 fire damage and 20d6 bludgeoning damage. I need dexterity saving throws from everybody who was affected Are you using your reaction on this one? Scanlan? That's a failure. Grog? Failure. 31. Success. Both failures, so that is 61 points of bludgeoning damage. And 71 points of fire damage. Correct, so 132 points of damage unless you have resistance against one or the other. Yeah, so it would be 30 and 71, so you take 101 points of damage in your planetar form. So you take 65. 66. 66, we'll say. You take the bulk of that. The eagle takes the one, and you transform, and you both plummet back down from where you were, hitting the ground. Scanlan is unconscious. Scanlan is unconscious on the ground. But you do have Death Ward. (cheering) All righty, so Grog took that. Keyleth, you've marked that down, as well? The damage from that one? All right, Percival, since it's a 9th-level spell, you gain nine charges. And with that, knowing the circumstance, Vecna is going to arrange himself across the battlefield to this side. All right, that's going to end Vecna's turn, and for the sake that it is now 900, let's take a quick bathroom break. We're starting up at Grog's turn. We'll be right back here. Guys, we'll see you back here in just a minute. We'll make it quick, because we've got to rush in. Fast. Hold tight, and we'll see where the rest of this battle will go. See you guys in a minute. [break] Congratulations, TwoOrThreeGodzillas. Enjoy dividing it amongst yourselves. Hope it's a good time for you, small box for a big creature, well done. So bringing it back in, last we left off, Vecna had just sent down another blast of arcane meteors pulled from beyond the realm slamming into the ground and sundering many of you, sending Scanlan into a point of near death where he popped back thanks to an aptly cast Death Ward in preparation for this combat. Vecna's round has ended with him shifting over to the opposite side of the battlefield. Grog, you're up. If you were here and had gone straight up then fell back down, which technically would have dealt nine points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four because you're ever raging. You've landed on the ground. Vecna? I'd say probably 80 feet from down there. What action are you holding? To pour it into something else's mouth is an action, but yourself is a bonus. That's one of the house rules we started the campaign with. Up to you, if you want to apply it to Scanlan-- He's at one hit point on the ground. So you're holding your attack action? Okay, that ends your turn. At the end of Grog's turn, Vecna will use his first legendary action-- Okay, so you move right there, gotcha. At the end of your turn, Vecna going to use two legendary actions, actually. And across the way is going to glance over at the brass dragon that's there who's flying up in the space here, but all the platforms. And Vecna staring about at everything on the battlefield. "You make me uncomfortable with your presence, ancient one," and is going to cast-- I believe this space is large enough for gargantuan-- Nope! Instead, he's going to create a Forcecage around J'mon. No saving throw necessary, you watch as J'mons wings through their flapping are pulled in as a similar cage to what you saw of force energy deeper within the tower has now encased the brass dragon's form. You see J'mon in their Devo'ssa form is now held within this Forcecage aloft within the air, the dragon begins slamming into each side and momentarily seems to be trying to figure out a way to escape. Nope. So up here in this space is a brass dragon currently encased in a Forcecage. So that brings us back to Vex's turn. You can tuck her in a place where it was once a solid piece of stone that cracked. There is an element of what was once solid packed stone that was the central column of the tower that is now exposed broken rock, and the staircase that spirals around it before it abruptly ends and tendrils of green energy begin that hold the platforms aloft. She's dead. As you grab her body and pull up to the edge to look for a place you look down and there is no breath. You go ahead and set her aside, down below in an area where it's safe and you fly up and at your full fly speed you can get to the edge of one of these platforms. I would say to carefully set her down that would be your action and your movement, but you'd get back into the fray. To be fair, helping going after Velora did manage to avoid you a impact of a meteor storm. What I'd say is you'd come up this way and hide behind the wall? I'll place you here but we'll assume you're behind. Yes. Good to know. That bring us at the end of your turn. He's now going to spend another legendary action to cast Firebolt at Scanlan. One legendary action for cantrips, two for a full spell. Well you're prone, so he has disadvantage on the attack roll. What's the range on Cutting Words? He's not within range. So that's a 28 to hit. You suffer-- 17 points of fire damage and are now unconscious once more. That brings us to Vax's turn. Yes, you are. Okay. Yes, and you're now currently-- Yes, on his face, which in his form, his head is roughly that large so you'd be clutching his ears. You can feel the crackling energy of the gaping socket where the greenish arcane bursts are pulsing from the anger and sheer ability of his arcane prowess, each one of these tendrils is arcing around, two of them crawl across you and your skin goes numb in the places where they touch, and it's cold. Wait, hold on a second. You used your action to-- Hasted action can only be used as an attack, hide object or-- That hits. And he's undead, so you get the additional smite damage. It's an extra 1d8. Woo! 63 points of damage as you rush up, wings up before right in the face, pull back and jam your blade into the side of the skull as it hits, you can see the skull crack open like a spider web of wound. As you pull the blade back, you can see the sutures are already pulling themselves together and as you're this close to him now you can see there is a slow binding of wounds, there is an element of regeneration to his body. Apparently in his god-like ascension the body itself continually rebuilds. Level six divinity, I'll take that feat. You have to roll to hit first. Yeah, that hits. It's not Whisper. But you didn't throw it. So the dice? Sorry, buddy. He did, the 39 points of damage. That's a nasty crit! 14 points. So as you rush up and jam the blade in the side the second time, and pull back-- I know. It's all good. So as you jam the second blade in and pull back, he lets you draw the blade, and a grin now curls back. At which point you watch as the wound that was blasted in the shoulder pulses and you can see the gunshot wound suddenly causes some of the more bones in the clavicle area that are now exposed from the impact crack leftover the hemorrhaging shot from Percival earlier. And he's like, (grumble) "Hello." You can smell this wave of decay and as it brushes past you, you can actually feel this weird crawling sensation like the air itself is beginning to pull at your flesh. And that's your turn. All right. He is going to-- Vecna's going to use his last two legendary actions as you stab in the face. As his hand comes up in front, the hand which now the long skeletal fingers unwind to be larger than the full of your entire body and almost your wingspan, it's almost like the fingers expand longer than they should, and he says, "Goodnight, Bitch's prince." And there's like a flash of dark and you see this wave of cold necrotic energy come to you. I need you to go ahead and roll a constitution saving throw. No. Yep. 24 does not succeed. I'm sorry. You suffer-- However, unfortunately, the wave of energy that expanded last round, 20 count, negated that, so you take 36 points of necrotic damage. From Circle of Death. Oh, sorry, it should've been an extra d6 on that. So add three to that, because there's 2d6 every additional spell level. That brings us to the 20 initiative count. J'mon, desperately trying, does not have the spellcasting prowess of other dragons you've encountered and begins to thrust their body side to side against the Forcecage, unable to escape, roaring angrily within the confines of the spell, as it clusters in the entirety of this majestic dragon's form into this small box held aloft in this space to the side of the ruined tower. At this point in time, you see as the spiraling cyclone around you is whirling, and you hear screeches in the distance, and you watch as flying creatures, four of them, begin to emerge from the sides of it. You see from the back two heavily wounded gloomstalkers giving chase to two wyverns that are damaged in their own right. Flying in, on the back there are two soldiers coming in. As the darkness begins to fade past, you can see the red skin and dark horns, the white hair of Zahra, riding on the side of this wyvern, and behind her, Kashaw, riding in as well. (yelling) You do see, as they swarm in, the two other gloomstalkers close behind. Both of them appear, at first glance, they themselves are scratched. You see bloodied in the faces. They've been through an onslaught to even break through to the top of the tower. As you see them ride into the brief but crackling light from the surrounding magical aura of the tower, you have seemingly a cavalry at hand. So what would you guys like to do? You hear (screeching) behind you. Two of the gloomstalkers that have been chasing you have also pushed through the cyclone, seemingly unaffected by its torrent. You guys are right here. Your full move was to get to that edge of the tower, and right now you each have an action. What are you going to do? From each of you, he would be about 55 feet. All right, so. He has to make a constitution saving throw. That is a 17. So he takes 7d8 plus 30 necrotic damage. So go ahead and roll 7d8. 68 points of necrotic damage. Halved, because he is resistant to necrotic damage. 34 points of necrotic damage. As you reach up, you watch as the beam of sickly green energy slams into the back of Vecna as he's spun around. You saw the eye for a second but in the flurry of realizing you're there, he spins and it manages to catch him in the back of the shoulder. "Oh, how "quaint. I learned that when I was but a child." What are you doing, Kashaw? Yeah, Vax is flying up in his face right now. It took your full movement to get to this spot, so you have your action for the turn. Within your current range, you have Percival, Grog, and-- what's the range on it? So with that, you can hit either Grog, Percy, and Scanlan, or Vex, Grog, and Scanlan. You can. Double hex. By the way, I need you to make a concentration check because you did take a shit-ton of damage. It would've been, because you took half of it, so it would've been 60-- So you have to beat a 33. Constitution. All right, so yeah. So your Hex is gone, but Zahra's Hex is up. 20 hit points to Scanlan, Grog, and Percival. All right, anything with your bonus action, or you good? That ends your turn. All right, also, at this point, the stones begin to shift. You watch as the tether that holds the various columns begins to separate and then begin to rotate. So this island begins to move. This tower begins to separate to there. This begins to push away. Yeah, shifted outward like "Ah, what?" Toward Grog? I'd say you need about 50 feet to get to Grog. 50 feet of your movement, you get down to where Grog is. What are you doing? What's the strength of your planetar? Yeah, you could, yeah. You could probably do that. Roll a strength check for me, if you don't mind. So you swoop down, arm underneath Grog's shoulders. It's your action do that, I'll say. Grab and get hold, and then--? You get him about there. I don't think you have a bonus to dash, unfortunately. You've already used your action, unfortunately. That would be an action to try and do that. We'll say for the purposes of this-- I know, this is kind of crazy. You guys are about ten feet below. No, it's casting a spell, so you'd have to say you were holding that. Okay, so as you're pulled up and you're just out of range, you see the wings beginning to falter at the end of the round. You lob the sword up. As you're preparing it once again, the sword's voice pulses into your ears. "Kill him, take him, throw me!" "No! Hurry!" 31 hits. 43, whew. Okay. So as you swing the Sword of Kas upward, it lodges right into the side of the ribcage and up into the spinal column where this little bits of hanging, mummified flesh. You watch as a flash of energy hits in a blast of necrotic, angry dark energy. The sword immediately says, in the back of your mind, "Yes!" as Vecna (sounds of pain). Grasps the blade on the other end, where it's jammed through, and looks down at you. You can see this point of grin, of, "You're going to "continue to be a problem, won't you?" So the sword is embedded in his body. You do see, where it's embedded, a secondary spark of that glowing light is beginning to emerge. You don't, no. It's just in there. Keyleth, end of your turn? All right. Percival, you're up. 29 to hit? Okay, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. I get a sinking sense that Bones of the Earth isn't going to happen? However! If anyone wants some really cool stone pillars-- Easy to make with a dowel and a Dremel, guys. Recommend it. It's great. Okay, as it's flying (screeching). It looks heavily damaged. It's taken some hits in the fray, but it's still standing. It's still flapping its wings. It now seems to be noticing all the new targets on the battlefield, beyond the ones it was-- Okay, go for it. Strangely enough, that's the name for the battlefield tonight. Okay. Hits him, You can see the drops of its internal fluids dropping out, but it's still standing there. That hits. The other one (explosion) shoots, blasts, and you see the lightning arcing across its body, lighting up the outside of its normally almost nightmare-black flesh. The smoke dissipates and you can see blood dripping from its form, black, and disappearing into the sky beneath you, the wind from the cyclone whipping it out of sight. Still flying in space, though. They're both heavily wounded, but they're still there. Scanlan, you're up. You don't know what would happen. The range on Fireball? It's a pretty long range, I'm pretty sure. Fireball, 150 feet. Yeah, you could totally hit him with it. You're still prone on the ground, by the way. Okay, you still have about 15, ten feet of movement. Vex is behind you, Percy's to the front and the right of you. Pike's above you. Might be, yeah. Any of them would, including Grog and Keyleth. Actually no, because he's up here, he's out of range. I'm sorry, my bad, I forgot. He's right there. I'm like, this will be enough platforms! How can that possibly not be enough platforms? Lesson learned. Five of your seven Fireball charges? Puts it at a level what? Okay, so 7th-level Fireball. Dexterity saving throw from him. That is a 21. So roll damage, and he takes half. 40, okay. So he takes 20 points of fire damage. Okay. All righty. Pike, you're up. Yeah, actually, you're not that far from it. If you move over to here, about this space, you could probably get within 60 feet of everybody, yeah. Vecna is going to use his reaction blowing a, let's see. All right, so what's the spell level on that? 9th-level spell? All right, so it's a DC of 19. He has to roll an ability check using your spellcasting ability, which is ten, so-- You're too far away from him. That's true. So 17. Natural 17, plus ten. So 27. (sighs) Seven plus ten, that's 17. It's a 9th-level spell. He needed to roll a 19 or higher, so he fails-- (cheering) Well that was-- your hex was gone? And you said intelligence on that one, too? Okay. Because you called Hex. Sure. Because you attacked physically, in melee, you're right in his face. Oh. Yeah, I'll say so. She gets to divvy up the hit points however she wants. (laughter) Everybody! All right, so everybody's at full hit points. All right, so that finishes your turn, Pike? Okay. So you'll get down, you can move about that far. So that ends PIke's turn. Top of the round, we're back to Vecna, who gets his legendary actions back. You would be able, you could fly up closer to Vecna, or fly lower because you moved, with a fly speed of 20-- Okay, so Vecna's turn. Frustrated and angry, as his Counterspell fizzles out of his hand, "Very well. First and foremost, no friends." He's going to go ahead and cast a high-level Hold Monster. No. It lasts for an hour. Fail, and fail. I need both Kashaw and Zahra to make wisdom saving throws, please. All of them. 22. The wyvern wings immediately lock in place as both of you feel your entire bodies slowly seize up. You, with the wyverns, plummet out of view. No, you do not. You guys plummet out of sight. What reaction would you like to do? Hellish Rebuke? You'd have to take, let's see here. For Hellish Rebuke, you have to be hit first, and then you return, but the Hold spell prevents you from actually taking any actions or reactions. Hold Monster. It's a type of-- here. It's a creature you can see. Hold Person is designated for just people. Hold Monster's a better version which can affect pretty much anything. Both. He cast it at a very high level. No. You both quietly fall off the wyvern as you plummet in silence past the edge, plummeting down the side of the tower. You get an attack of opportunity. You already used sneak attack before the end of your last turn. You're right. His wisdom is 22. That's his wisdom score. His wisdom saving throw? Is that what you want to know? It's a plus ten. So whatever he rolls, plus ten. You're a little higher there, Vax. Go for it. So what's the total on that one, the damage you just did? You watch as some of his wounds begin to seal up. Looking at him, you get a sense that he heals roughly, we'll say for the sake of this, because it's the end of the game, why not. Heals 50 hit points a round. You guys have been doing some good damage to him. Yeah, you dodged away from him. All right. So that brings us to Grog. Nope. I gave him a strength save to see if he managed to push the sword away. Natural 20. So the sword dislodges as he yanks it out of his side. It dangles the chain and you pull it back up. From him, you are about, I'd say, 40-50 feet. You were here, so you're about, yeah, 50-60 feet from him that way. All right, so you're holding your action? Okay. That brings us to, end of your turn, he's going to go ahead and use two legendary actions to cast Telekinesis with an extended range. Yes, but he has an extended range on all of his spells because of his-- yeah. For most of his spells, not all of them. So he looks down and begins to rise his hand up. You watch as the central column begins to shift. Lift up higher and higher until about midway, there. Going to adjust this a little bit so we can-- Natural 20. They are currently now plummeting off the side. You watched them disappear from sight. As he goes ahead and lifts that up, it shifts up into the space. We'll say Pike is about there. All right. And that is his spell. So that ends Grog's turn. Vex, you're up. Go for it. He can see you. You don't get sneak attack. Nope. He's currently floating up here right now. It fires off to the side. The nerves kicking in to you, unfortunately it doesn't strike true. That hits. 16 points of damage, all righty. Got it. All right, does that end your turn? All right, so you shift over to the side. Go ahead and place yourself here. Floating up there. Perfect. All righty. Is that your turn? All right, that's it. At the end of your turn, he's going to use two more legendary actions. As he's off on the other side and he's been lifting this large rock up into the air, it slips up higher and higher, into the center space. He's carefully guiding it to position as he holds it there. He glances about. "Well, it seems, I assume, that many of your tanks are now empty. I "hate to be repetitive, but I'm extremely frustrated with how hard it is to kill you!" As he brings his hand, other hand up in the air, you hear an even louder tear as, a third time, the sky opens up. This time, sending a meteor that side, this side, and crashing into the side here, to impact and explode in a 40-foot radius up in the air above. That's his third and final 9th-level spell. Dex save for everybody. The platform is destroyed from the impact, by the way, so that central column is now missing. Yep, he pulled it right up beneath you and one of the meteors slammed into. So Scanlan? All right, so. That is 72 points of bludgeoning damage. Right, so half of that. 36, technically. Half of 72. No damage to you. Then half damage to you, so take 36. You take full. Percy, you take the full. Then 65 points of fire damage. So 32, yeah. The total would be 72 and 65, that would be 137. So you only take 32 points of fire damage. Yeah. He had other spells at his disposal, but you guys kept fucking healing. All right, so. That ends Vex's turn. Vax, you're up. You're probably a little bit closer. 69 points of damage. All righty. All right, so with that you appear directly into Vecna's face. The blade still clasped in your hand almost, where you appear next to it. It's jammed right into the clavicle area, and as it broke through you can see the glowing energy within the ribcage flashes bright with anger as the eye bursts forth. Where once it was this crackling arcane energy, there's now a visible giant green flame billowing out like an angry fire, (flames crackling). Hits. 20 points of damage will be the final attack. All right. That ends your turn? All right, so who's at low hit points? Well here, how many hit points do you have? Vecna can see through your physical forms. 36, all righty. All right, he's going to use his third, or sorry, his final legendary action for this round to cast Firebolt at you, Scanlan. At this moment, no. That is an eight plus 16, that is a 24 to hit. All right. You suffer 23 points of fire damage. All righty. So at the end of Vax's turn, that brings us to the 20 initiative count. At this point in time-- J'mon is smashing into the sides of the Forcecage and looking around at the rest of you guys, unable to escape. Not all dragons are spellcasters. All right, so. Five skeletons rise up from the ground. So first attack, natural two. That misses. Second one, natural four. That's 11? Third attack, natural two. Luck is working in your favor, so far. Fourth attack, that's going to be a 19. Six points of slashing damage. Final attack is six plus seven, that's 13. What's your AC? Oh, shit! So these skeletons are swarming you, hacking and swinging away, trying their best to finish you off, and you barely dodge through some of them-- At this point in time, you glance over and see a fist grab the rock side of one of these platforms-- You watch as a second gauntleted fist hits the side, and climbing up over the edge of one of these platforms you see immediately the red-scaled face and horned body of a heavily-wounded but still-living Arkhan making his way up onto the platform. (cheering) You watch as one of the hands removes itself from the building, and you can see this translucent set of chromatic wings that are drifting off of the giant, armored dragonborn's shoulders. What do you want to do? It took most of your flight to get to this point. You have another action, though. Well you have an action and a bonus action. He hasn't arrived yet. There are still two gloomstalkers also that are about to take their turn. Yes. But you've used your movement. You'd have to use your action to dash. He's unfortunately more than 60 feet away from you. Yeah, you can get to about this point with a full 60 movement. At a glance, close to 80 feet. Okay. So dash action? Using these chromatic wings granted by the flight potion and the dramatic effect of Tiamat's blessing, you manage to glide up next to Pike, both of you with your very opposite visual of god-granted wings, side to side. You see Pike with singe marks on her face, her hair tousled, the bludgeoning causing blood to pour from the side of her ears and the corner of her mouth. You look over at Arkhan next to you, part of his flesh has been necrotically burned away and you can see heavy wounds. It looks like he's sustained a bit of a heavy fray with the death knight, but he's not being followed at the moment. As a bonus action? Okay, yeah. 20 to hit? Unfortunately, it hits the front of Vecna's body, and you watch as the javelin splinters apart into a hundred different pieces of wood and metal. Both of these guys arc upward, gloomstalkers. This guy here is going to shriek. He gives out this horrible sound. As it swings out, I need wisdom saving throws from both Scanlan-- This isn't a fear-based thing. It is magic. Okay. Wait, you have Freedom of Action cast on you, right? It's a paralyzation effect. It has no effect. Nope. So this one, however, is going to land and is going to try make an assault on you, Percival. That's going to be 28 to hit? You suffer 17 points of piercing damage and seven necrotic. 24 total. It's going to also claw you. And that's a 21 to hit. Take 13 points of slashing damage. All righty. That is going to bring us to Keyleth. So you fly up from this point. Got to pull you up a bit. Okay. So you fly up. Grog, what are you doing at this point? Okay. You'll be falling if she drops you. Roll an athletics check. Yeah. Totally. 23? Rolled a 16 plus five. That's a 21. So you succeed! Well I mean, grappled is not going to stop him-- No, he's not immune to grapple. But it does not stop his movement because of his size. But you're attached to him. So currently, at the moment, you are locked into Vecna's current little-- I'll put you there. It's just crazy. 64. With a one-handed strike, right? Just a d8? It's the brutal critical, right? Well it's only two dice, technically. Because you took levels in fighter. That was my fault last time. 81 points of damage. None of them. It's all slashing. Sword of Kas! Kill fucking Vecna. As Keyletar lifts and thrusts you upward, you reach out and as Vecna tries to dodge out of the way, you manage to grab onto the side of the ribcage. As you're clutching on the side of it, and by the way, the rib itself is this wide around your hand, although with your titan form, your fingers barely close around it. You swing and dangle, and as you do, you take the blade and jam it right up into where the force of the greenish energy in the chest where the ribcage is, and as you strike it, there's a burst of energy out from inside out of him, and Vecna screams as the sword at the back of your mind goes, "Yes!" You guys watch at this point to those who are close by, the red glow of the coal-like glow in Grog's eyes, the vampiric eyes are flaring now as the anger of the sword is now synchronizing with his hatred. As you jam it inside, the burst pushes the blade out, but now you can see another little sparkle of light within the inside of that pulsing glow in his chest. You can see now, three distinct, currently available weaknesses in his avatar form. However, he will continue to heal and if he heals, those begin to close. So yes? Go for it. 22 just misses. His AC is 23. All right, so go and roll your damage on that. 28 plus 15? Ooh. 43 points of damage. So as you strike with the first swing of the greatsword, as it strikes across, it hits the side of the armor and bones and cleaves off, no impact. But you use that momentum to swing it around and jam it up towards one of the open wounds, right where the blast in the shoulder was, that Percy left earlier and was then opened by the rest of the party. As you jam it inside, you can feel the heat of the bursting arcane energy from the inside of his body, his avatar form fighting with every bit of impact and the proximity's almost beginning to hurt your face, but as you can see, a pretty decent wound. That's true! You can roll that for me. Other than those openings on his body, doesn't look too bad. But he looks pretty rough to begin with, because he's a lich. It's hard to tell. All righty. That ends Keyleth's turn. Percival, you're up. That hits. Go and roll damage. Okay. As you swing the sword around, you see it bite at you and you take your hand. Using Diplomacy as a gauntlet to protect you, you grab the side of its face and push the snapping jaws to the side, and using that opening, you take the blade and slip it up into its throat and it immediately collapses. You duck out of the way as its body falls, lifeless to the ground. The second one has suffered enough damage to be picked off, and part of its jaw gets blasted off, and it melts into that liquid black smoke-like disappearing ether. Okay, so you're moving down this way? This way? Okay, yeah, you can move over here. That's 20 feet, and you can fire and hit three of these skeletons in one shot. Roll damage. That's just enough to take them out. The first one is destroyed, and the damage is maintained. Roll for the hit on the next two. I know. Final roll? This guy's also in the line. They all three from one shot. It goes through their various spinal columns, causing them to shatter across the stone and slide off the side. All right, so as you're doing this, Percival, Scanlan, you glance down and can see into the city of Vasselheim, at this point. Large columns of smoke are spilling up from the city. You can see at various temples, there appear to be various clusters of divine energies beginning to emit. It looks like there are clerical groups that are in the process of trying to conjure or find ways to protect the city, but at that moment, you can see a dozen or so angelic entities that have been summoned by one of these temples swarming in as about 25 gloomstalkers swipe in, and they begin to harry each other. At that moment, you watch as a giant arm of the titan swings upward and annihilates pretty much all of them in one swing gloomstalkers and devas alike. All smashed and scattered in one swipe of the arm, as another one immediately with the momentum slams down into the city of Vasselheim, and the whole area below begins to shake, though you guys are currently tethered by these platforms; you don't feel the impact, but you see the city around and hear the empty, echoing impact of that fist on the ground. Yes. All right, that ends Percy's turn. Scanlan, you're up. Yep. She's just in range. She's 55 feet from you. 8d4 plus eight. 25 plus eight, so 33. That's your bonus? Yes, you were. What action are you holding? (laughter) Okay. All righty. Pike, it's your turn. Let me find out real fast here. Mass Cure Wounds. Up to six creatures within a 30-foot radius sphere within 60 feet, so you could cast the sphere-- it's a 30-foot radius sphere, so you could get yourself, Arkhan, Percival, and Scanlan in it, if you wanted to. 3d8 plus her wisdom modifier. Plus ten. Yeah, she rolls. Sorry. 40 points to all of you guys. I disagree, sir. Sure. That ends Pike's turn. That brings us back to the top of the round, which is Vecna's turn. Gets his legendary actions back. All right. Actually, I need you to make a concentration check. How much damage did you take from Meteor Swarm? So a 32, we'll say is the DC. It's a constitution saving throw. Your Hunter's Mark is gone. Thank you for the reminder. Vecna, who is clustered in this space, seeing the sphere appear down below, and realizing the issue of the immediate vicinity, is going to cast a 6th-level Circle of Death right in the space where he's at. It isn't a concentration check. I need a constitution saving throw from Keyleth, Vax, and Grog. It's a spell, yes. It's constitution, so you would not have advantage, technically, right? 23. Does not succeed. Gotcha. So that's half damage. That will be 10d6. That's going to be 41 points of necrotic damage, reduced to 20 to all three of you, because you saved. That ends your reaction. All righty. You used your reaction. Doesn't want to take another sneak attack from you. He's going to stay, because you guys moved too close right now. He's going to stay right there. He's right now grinning. You can see the flame bursting out of his left socket, the hand pulsing with power. End of Vecna's turn. You're up. No, he just needs to break the grapple. That's a valid point, actually. I should have remembered that, and I'll do this as the current circumstance. Because he does have the hand returned to him, each of you should have taken 2d8 cold damage for each hit. I forgot to mark that on the sheet. That's nine points of cold damage to you, Keyleth. We'll put you at 11 points of cold damage, nine points of cold damage, and another ten points of cold damage for you. And then Grog, since this is the first time you've hit him in melee, that's been twice, so that's ten points of cold damage, reduced to five, and five reduced to two. Every single time you melee hit him, you take 2d8 cold damage. That was my fault for not remembering that. Yep. In melee. You have the wound there, you have the inside of the green energy force there, and then you have one on the side of the head. You could probably climb up a bit and go for it, because you're pretty big. Roll a strength check. You have advantage because you're raging, yeah. 20 is the DC for applying a trammel on a strength check. It's not athletics. It's whatever your strength modifier is. As you climb up, you pull out the trammel. He had the Raven Queen. Who has Ioun's trammel? Ioun didn't have a trammel. Sarenrae never gave one. It was Ioun. Yeah, so Pike has Ioun. As you climb up, you take the trammel, its large, spiraling platinum form. Shout and jam it as hard as you can into the opening on the side of the head. As he turns to look at you, the flame burning, the trammel pierces into the side of Vecna's massive skull and temple. As it buries in, you can feel the flames from the impact burning around your fingers, as if the very surface of the sun is threatening to burn your hand off. The pain is extreme, but you push through it, and as you jam it, you can feel it spiraling in, and you turn it and twist. As it digs in, Vecna (roars) gives out this horrible screaming yell, and as it pulls in, you watch as the very end of it seems to glow with this bright, yellowish sun-like light. It's locked into place. That's your action. 28 to hit? All righty. All righty. Okay, go for it. Two more attacks. 33 hits. Jesus Christ. 61? As the sword is cleaving into the side as you're holding the trammel now for support, jamming at it, you can hear the laughter in the back of your head. "How does it feel? I will usurp "you. I will take you. I will be you!" That ends your turn? All right, at the end of Grog's turn, he's going to use two legendary actions here. What's everyone's hit points right now? Keyleth, what's your hit points? Grog? Pike? Okay. Let's see here. Yeah, let's do Finger of Death. Why not? It's going to be at Vex. That's going to be a constitution saving throw, if you don't mind. Bless is concentration, correct? Make a constitution saving throw to see if you maintained it. Okay, so I'll let you do that. What did you roll? 23. That does not succeed, unfortunately. You take 64 points of necrotic damage. You are. 32 points of damage. All right, Vex, it's your turn. Yeah, that hits. Roll damage. Vax, you're up next. That's your first arrow? Okay. Make a perception check. You can move 50 feet on the broom, so you can get about here. You won't be able to get all the way over. You can try. You can coast to about here. Okay. That ends your turn, Vex? All righty. Let's see here. He's going to spend two points to cast another spell. J'mon is trying to find a way, or hoping for an exit from here. He's going to cast Disintegrate down onto your orb, Scanlan. Except for Disintegrate. The sphere dissipates around Scanlan. Disintegrate was a 6th-level. That brings us to Vax. You had the sword out right now in the other hand. I'll let you do that as a hasted action. You did see, it was a fair amount of strength it entailed to apply. All righty. At the end of your turn, he's going to use his fifth and final legendary action to cast Firebolt at Scanlan again. That is a 34. 22 points of fire damage. Vax, is that the end of your turn? That brings us to the 20th count. The stones are going to shift. The tendrils are still holding them in place as they're slowly rotating and shifting around the battlefield. Skeletons are going to both attack you, Scanlan. That is a 14, so you take seven points of slashing damage. And that is a natural 19, so you take another seven points of slashing damage. 14 total. All righty. Arkhan, your turn. Okay. 23 just hits. You guys are keeping these other wounds from sealing up. Yes. Oh, for the critical? The dice would, as well. Brings it back down to five. He is resistant to necrotic damage, so each of these necrotic hits are doing less damage. Nevertheless, it's still 55 points of damage in one crit hit, which is awesome. Right. The rest of it went through fine. 29 hits. Roll damage. Keyleth, you're up next, by the way. 43? First hit was 37. Not a bad round. A little bit of reduction because of the necrotic, but still pretty fucking nasty. Ending Arkhan's turn, that brings us to Keyleth. Which one? You have the shoulder or the inside of the belly. Okay. Five. Because it was resisted, you only did five damage. You pull the trammel out. This is the somewhat-damaged. This spiral-crafted spike, the trammel of the Raven Queen. Your wings unfurl, and you arc over back to the shoulder where you had already dug your blade in. You can see the bursts of green arcane energy and life force of the avatar form bursting outwards. You pull back with the trammel. Roll your strength check. This is an ability check. What was it? Unfortunately, as you reach back and attempt to jam it into the space, Vecna's body shifts just out of place, and as the trammel smacks into the shoulder and armor, you hear this terrible shattering sound as the trammel-- It breaks in your hand. You're one trammel down. I'm so sorry. TALIESIN and That's how the dice roll. It's all good. Bonus action or movement? Okay, then that's the end of Keyleth's turn. Percy, you're up. That hits. Roll damage, and then roll for the second one. All right. He is disintegrated, and then roll for the second one. 18? You can't misfire on the others. It still hits. Both are destroyed. As you're starting to figure out here, what the damage pressure does is it reduces the DC required to apply the trammel. Meaning the damage you guys put on prevents the trammel DC from climbing up. Correct. Go for it. 19? Gun is reloaded. That finishes Percival's turn. Scanlan, you're up. It's going to carry you up. There you go. It's too late now. What are you doing? How do you inspire him? Take your d12 for that, man! All right, Scanlan, that end your turn? All right, that brings us to Pike. Your turn. You are about 55, 60 feet from him. Not with your fly speed of 40, no. You can get to him, but it'll be both your move and action this turn. We'll say for you, Pike, you're about ten feet below Grog. Keep that in mind. Oh, a double dash? Oh, then you're right there. Never mind. So you are good. There you go. All righty. So that's your turn, Pike? You have movement, movement, and you have a bonus if you wanted to do something. Not as a bonus action, no. Okay. All right, that end your turn, Pike? All right. End of the round, Vecna gets his legendary actions back. Grog, Haste fades from you. As the spell fades, you feel your muscles lock up, and your entire body is currently stunned for the next round. That's what happens when the Haste spell ends. So as you're clutching, your muscles lock up, and you're still holding onto the trammel, but your entire body is locked up as exhaustion takes over, and you're basically having to hold yourself there in place. Vecna is going to cast, with his last 7th-level spell, a 7th-level Banishment spell. I would like both Pike and Grog to make charisma saving throws, please. Oh, well done. So as the Banishment spell fizzles in place-- Vecna glares right in your direction. All right. No words, just seething hatred in your path. That's going to end Vecna's turn. Grog, you're up. Your stun fades, but that's your turn. What's up? Yeah, he loses his whole turn. At the end of Grog's turn, he'll use two legendary actions. He's going to cast, through the Hand of Vecna-- He's starting to run low on high-level spell slots. You guys have been running him ragged! He's going to cast Finger of Death at you, Scanlan. Scanlan, I need you to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. That's a success. You take half damage. So you take 49 points of necrotic damage, half of it. That'll be 24 points of damage. How much health are you at right now? Holy shit! Goddamn it! I'm both frustrated and proud. All right. Well, that ends Grog's turn with that. Vex, you're up. 8d4 plus eight, yeah. I would say it goes through the full round, it would be at the next round I'd say. Yes, Greater Restoration. I don't think Lesser gets rid of stun, unfortunately. I'll allow it. And that's the end of your turn. To get up there? You can move five more feet. We'll say right there. I'll put you right there. You're right over the edge. Okay. All right, Scanlan. I would like you to-- Here it is. I'd like you to make a wisdom saving throw, please. 15. Scanlan. In the grasp of Bigby's Hand, you suddenly become a tiny little fox! You maintain concentration. Correct. He Polymorphs you into a fox. No. That's the end of that. All right. That was the end of Vex's turn, Vax, you're up. Polymorph an unwilling creature must make a wisdom saving throw to avoid the effect. Okay. I'll double-check. Wisdom saving throw. So anyway. What are you doing? All right. So we'll say you were there, you were there. There we go. I see it. There we go. Fixed! We'll say six hit points. So a total of how much damage was it? So you take two damage. All righty. All right, at the end of Vax's turn-- He is going to cast a fifth-level Banishment. So I need a charisma saving throw on Grog and Scanlan. Both Scanlan and Grog (poof) from existence. Bigby's Hand remains, because concentration is maintained-- oh god! Look at that. Hopefully it hasn't dried up. There you go. (laughs) It's not enough, unfortunately, and mage slayer is a reaction. They both vanish from the space. All right. Yes, he did. 22 was the total from that one. All right. That brings us back to the 20. At which point, the dark energy emanates once more, removing any sort of necrotic resistance from anybody within the vicinity. Arkhan. 31 hits. 30 points of damage. All righty. That's going to be a 21, so he succeeds on the first hit. 27 hits. 30 points of damage again. Making his save. That's ten plus seven. That's 17, so yes, because the DC is 15 for the damage he takes, so he succeeds. That's a two. Two and a three! Yeah. (cheering) Okay. Arkhan, end of your turn? All right, that brings us to Keyleth. Well, no wonder it's not coming out. (laughs) You chewed the end closed! Yeah, the shield came off. All righty, that brings us to Percy. What's that? No, it's attached to his body. It's attached to his body. You can't shoot his hand off. Scanlan, your turn. All right, what are you holding? All right. So Pike, take your inspiration die. What do you say to Pike? All righty. Pike, it's your turn. I'd say handing it over point-to-point, I'll allow it to be part of an action because he's right next to you and he's capable now. Okay. Roll 2d10. Roll the first one; tell me what you get. Okay, that's not a success, unfortunately. I know, sorry! Sarenrae's influence cannot break past this barrier right now, with your proximity to Vecna. The sheer force of his current presence is too strong. (laughs) Unfortunately, no. He's going to attempt to Fire Bolt-- Going to Fire Bolt you, Vax. That's going to be a 21 to hit. Well, it's not until the very end of the round. Now it's the end of the round. You have control of yourself back. We're back at the top of the round, which is Vecna. Strangely, no. Oh, this will be interesting. Trust me, I know. Vecna is going to, through the Hand Of Vecna, begin to attempt to Teleport. Because you held action, so yes. You would. Are you going to try to Counterspell? Okay. What level? Well, that definitely works. (laughs) Okay, then. Go for it. Sure. Try for it. You have disadvantage on the attack, though. Yeah, that hits. Hand stays on him, yeah. That ends Vecna's turn. He seems extremely frustrated. Okay. (gunshots) Everyone's swarming up around him, and each time he tries to cast a spell, even in his current divine form, he's growing more and more frustrated. You can see now as this hulking entity is still bursting into Vasselheim and destroying, you can see a moment of panic in a fresh god's eyes. Ends Vecna's turn. Grog, you're up. Go ahead and make a strength check, Grog. That's actually not what I did, but you can think what you want. All right, so what's the grand total on that? 33. As you take the trammel, grabbing the bottom of the ribcage, curving it underneath, you thrust it up into the core center, it seems, of his chest, where the avatar arcane energy is amassed. And as the trammel squeezes in, you hear the guttural rage from the inside of Vecna, screaming, "You dare!" And as he inhales, the force of the voice is pulled back into a moment of weakness, and once again, you can see the fear flickering in the eyes. The burning rage of the green flame begins to diminish ever so slightly as the second trammel is applied. You don't have a hasted attack. It faded. As you're cutting through the body, you see bits of Vecna's avatar form tattering and falling apart. I would like you to make an intelligence check. You were told and knew that you could not kill a god. A god that ascended from a lich form generally has the capability, if the body is destroyed, to reform elsewhere. You begin to get the sense that at a certain point, if you end up destroying this avatar form, it might ruin everything. Grog, that ends your turn. Vex, you're up. You get roughly to the edge here with your 50 movement. I'll say you can land. Sure. I'll allow it. Okay. That ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Okay. So make an acrobatics or athletics check. Actually, for grapple, it may just be athletics. Let me double-check here. It's an athletics check, so roll athletics. 19 plus five, 24. Grapple fails. All right. That brings us to the 20. The buildings shift back once more across the ground. These begin to rotate and spread outward this way. That one merely stays where it is. At this point in time, Arkhan? Okay. This would be, on a grapple? That's athletics check. Okay, and that was a 19, so you are currently grappling the hand. That's an attack to grapple. It's on there pretty tight. It's not just a hand you can cut off. It's an artifact. It's returned to its original owner. No, it's an action. Spent your turn, yeah. Not at this size and the fact that you're flying there; he's too big. That brings us to Keyleth. Make an athletics check. The current avatar form looks like it's-- It's pretty bad. So you now have Arkhan grappling a hand, you have Grog grappling the side of the torso. Keyleth, you turn over and grapple part of the body. You guys are basically holding Vecna at bay at the moment. Is that your turn, Keyleth? Scanlan, it's your turn. All right. He's going to make his wisdom saving throw with a DC 20 because of two trammels. That is a 17. He's going to use his last legendary resistance to succeed. The text goes blurred to you on the book, so you cannot read it for a full round. Somebody else could. It's still glowing. The text is glowing for an hour. Once you've put the spell slot into it, the text becomes visible. Correct. Is anybody else here trained in arcana? You do. I don't know. Pike, are you trained in arcana? Do you have proficiency in arcana? This text is far too illegible for somebody who isn't trained in arcana. Planetars can read all languages? You can certainly try. So at the end of Scanlan's turn-- At the end of Scanlan's turn-- Okay. How do you inspire her? Take your d12 inspiration die. Okay. End of Scanlan's turn. Going to use two legendary actions to attempt to cast Dominate Person. Well, not both arms are currently grappled to the point where the arms can't move. He's also a very big guy. Grappling is more of holding onto him and preventing him from moving, but he can still move. It's a hard thing. It's a little wishy-washy at this size. All right, so Scanlan, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. At what level? Okay. Go ahead and roll. (shouting) So now it's Pike's turn. Pike, your turn. Yeah. You're actually right up there with Keyleth. What are you doing? Okay. Okay. All right. That finish your turn, Pike? All right. You can move if you want. Okay. That's easy enough. You guys are all clustered around him. Okay. That ends Pike's turn. End of your turn, he's going to use two more legendary actions to attempt to cast 4th-level Banishment on Scanlan. He's running through what things he can. All right. Make a charisma saving throw, please. Top of the round. Vecna's turn. Legendary actions are returned. At this point now, the titan has waded into the center of Vasselheim. Each progressive round, it's been this one footstep after the other. You can hear screams and yells, but you also see the divine temples in the distance are beginning to summon various bits of divine energy from those in the clerics that reside within the city. You can see a storm has now merged with the darkness that Vecna has spread over the city, and lightning bolts are beginning to be brought down in a familiar crack that you heard when you were battling Groon. As you can see now, the acolytes of the recently fallen Trial Forge are bringing their rage down upon the exterior of this entire swarm of gloomstalkers and the titan. Vecna is going to try again. He's going to cast another Banishment on Scanlan. "Would you just be "rid of me, finally? Go! Die!" Make another charisma saving throw. Well, not for a saving throw, he can't. What did you roll? Scanlan, with the book, vanishes from sight. At this point, Vecna, who's being held by all, (chuckles) "Come on, show me what you're worth." At this point, you watch as one of the titan's arms is now rising up over the tower. You get the sense he's getting really desperate. Go for it, Grog. As Vecna's lifting his right hand up, even in the grasp, you can see the titan's arm rising up like it's being puppeteered by Vecna as it puts another shadow down upon the top of Entropis. This large multi-hundred-foot-wide ram of sheer rock. All right. Total damage is? 11? Okay. He does. 12 and 12 plus seven each. So yeah, he succeeds. That's the end of Vecna's turn, who's locked in place. Now it's your turn, Grog. He did. He healed 50 hit points in the last turn. Okay. So he has to make a DC at half that, which is going to be DC of 24. Well, no. Not on this. Oh. Any time with mage slayer? Oh, that's right! 18 to a natural one. (shouting) Yeah, I know. And with that, Scanlan appears back in place. Oh shit. Okay, that's the end of Grog's turn. Vex? Okay. That's your turn. Go for it. Okay. Are you going to move, as well? Just enough movement to come over and hold Percy's hand. Okay. As you guys stand there looking up, hand in hand, glaring as Scanlan reappears in place, and with the shadow now looming over Entropis in a long line across the city of Thar Amphala as this massive titan arm is rising up. That's going to end that. Vax, what are you doing? All right. That is a 24. I don't believe you've kissed her in her Keytar form, so it's a new experience for you. The tape is wearing off. It's worked well enough for most of it. Vecna's going to take attack of opportunity on you as you rush by. You're swung along as he strikes. (screams) Swing in place. That's going to be a ten. There we go. 27. Okay. All right. That is 24 points of cold damage, and you're immune to paralysis, so it doesn't do anything else. All right. Arkhan. Just an action. Okay. Keyleth, it's your turn. You probably have to take the tome from him to read it. Scanlan's being held up by Bigby's Hand in the center. Black-winged angel of fate and death on one side. The white-winged planetar of Keyleth representing life on the other. You take the book from Scanlan. You spend your action to try and read it? LAURA and Which you can, because your planetar form-- You just read it. It's his saving throw. He saves. You just read it. You begin to recite from the text like Scanlan did. As the mysterious words begin to emit from the-- Let me take a quick picture of this. As you read from the book, page after page, the words come out, something you don't seem to understand in your mind, but the form understands, and as it does, the runes glow. You look up as the trammels begin to glow. One, two. You hear this sucking sound. How do you guys want to do this? (shouting) Describe your support of this. You guys are holding Vecna back. How do you prepare for this, as he's currently being held by these trammels in place? As you guys are there, clutching him in this form, you watch as suddenly the dark clouds above begin to part directly above the tower as the titan arm is lifted up and beginning to make its way down in your direction as the shadow strengthens. The trammels (explosion) in the side of the head. "No. Too long. Too long!" (agonized yell) As they suddenly vibrantly brighten, you watch as the lattice of the Divine Gate begins to spread out around his body, the energy begin to consume his form. And within one bright, fiery, sun explosion-like flash and a sound like a deafening thunderclap not feet from where your body is, all of you are thrown from the detonation as Vecna claps out of existence. You all begin to fall as the entirety of the field dissipates around Thar Amphala. The first sunlight probably ever to really touch the city hits. As you watch, waves of gloomstalkers dissipate as the cloud slowly pulls away. The large titan arm grinds to a halt from above as its entire undead body halts, locked in place, the magic that maintained it no longer of this plane. You fall. There is a platform not too far from you. I would like those who were clasping on to Vecna to make a strength saving throw to try and capture yourself on the edge. You're flying; you're fine. Unfortunately, the force cage is still in place. It lasts for an hour. 22, okay. Okay. You both manage to barely catch on to the edge. The strain is immense, and you both still manage to suffer 23 points of general strain damage. Technically, it's the fall damage, but you caught yourself. You barely pull yourself back up onto these platforms. The tethers still remain, holding it, but you don't know how long it'll be there, as the energy is subsiding around this tower. You all take a moment to imagine what you've lost, what you've gained. Everything has led to this moment. And in the quiet and the stillness, you hear a new sound. It's thousands and thousands of distant voices cheering from the city of Vasselheim below. Of wyvern and eagle riders above you. But a small example of the hundreds of thousands of lives you may have saved. Anyone else do anything? The hand did come off, actually. The body vanished, but the hand, the artifact still remains behind. (laughing) You guys watch as Arkhan-- Without even the mental strength, the emotional strength to take in the ramifications of what just transpired, you all look to each other in this moment of victory. A year's journey. And you breathe a sigh of relief, true relief. And that's where we're going to end tonight's game. We'll pick up on this next week. Holy shit, you guys. You are the luckiest motherfucker, I swear to god. All of you guys. Okay. Well, on that note, those of you who are still with us, thank you for being so patient. I hope so. I know it's been long. We're at 1240. But what a way to finish a final boss, man. As a note, he had ten hit points left. (gasping) And his ability discorporation. When Vecna drops to zero hit points, his avatar form is destroyed but his essence travels back to his phylactery demiplane just beyond the Prime Material, and he is unable to take physical form for a time. Yeah. This would have gone into a few more sessions, and he would have come back with far more knowledge and far more preparation before he's up against you guys. I'm glad that worked out. (applause) Love you guys. Shut up. It's 330, 430. Thank you Blindspot for releasing her early enough to come play with us tonight. Thank you guys for watching. We'll pick this up next week. Until then, rest well, we love you, and is it Thursday yet?