We've just returned from the chaos of Gen Con, which was awesome, and we're all still recovering from that chaos. It was a very high-energy weekend. We got to meet a lot of you guys out there. Didn't get to meet enough of you. There's only so much time in the weekend, and those that we didn't, we'll hopefully get a chance to meet you at a future event. The live show went really well. We hope people who were there enjoyed it. Let's see. We have Laura and Travis coming in hot right now. They'll be here as soon as they can. In the interim, couple announcements, couple fun things. One, there will not be a standard episode of Critical Role next week because me, Taliesin, Marisha, Laura, and Travis will be off in the desert somewhere. Instead, there will be a one-shot being run by none other than the wonderful, illustrious, talented Sam Riegel. His first game of any roleplaying game he's ever DMed before. I think you've got this. You want to talk about any of the people who will be playing with you? I'm legitimately sad that we're gone next week. Just so we can't be in the wings, to watch it in person. He has about five or six years before he becomes the voiceover industry. The living embodiment of it. Absorbs us like end of Akira. So that's going to be fun. Look forward to that next week. Let's see, what else? You're going to get the shit beat out of you. She's watching it right now. We'll be giving those to everyone who was there at Gen Con and signed up. Whatever's left over, we'll get announcements up as to how we can get those to some folks, as well. We've got a process on that one. The Tal'Dorei Campaign Guide went well, apparently, at Gen Con. People seemed to like it. I hope you like it. I know they're pushing hard to get those orders out, all pre-orders, by mid- to late-September. So follow @GreenRoninPub at Twitter for any updates on when those'll be going out. Thank you very much. We've all sobbed silently as we've looked through it. It's the phenomenal celebration of everything that you guys have put together around this game and I'm so excited for you guys to see it. Our buddy Mr. Colville's done a fine job. Olivia's done an amazing job, as well. Everyone involved has been great. Yeah. That's what the name of this module is going to be Crawling into the Mountain's Butt. Gygax would be proud. Hip joint. Bringing it into territory I'm very familiar with right now. That's up to you guys. Oh, and for next week, for Talks, I believe you're doing a special Talks Machina? I think at this point, we need to. Anyway. (laughs) That being the case, as we await the return of two of our players, let us begin tonight's journey on tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Goddamn it, Liam. Last we left off on this adventure, Vox Machina had been counting down their preparations to the eventual showdown and second battle with Vecna, whom they discovered recently had completed his ascension into godhood, the only god on the Prime Material Plane. Not knowing what his plans were, you began to bring together what information you had, upon gathering blessings from different deities and pieces of their divinity to craft the Prime Trammels, a device that was once used to seal the Chained Oblivion, long ago. You traveled deep beneath the volcano of Scaldseat, beneath the ocean, off the coast of Issylra. Between Percival and Grog's newfound imbuement of skills and knowledge via Ioun, you managed to successfully defeat the guardian, craft the trammels and return to Vasselheim, where you discovered via Pike that there was a council meeting happening within the Platinum Sanctuary. There you met up with the Hand of Ord. High Hierophant Ophera of the Birthheart. There was Earthbreaker Groon. There were Maidens of the Raven. Eventually, Allura and Kima, and J'mon Sa Ord had also come into the fray. During this discussion about what to do, what to handle, you were granted a ring by High Bearer Vord that, within a certain radius, could prevent divinations or specifically scrying on you. Not the School of Divination, but magics that divine your location, whatever's in your vicinity. This moment, the council was interrupted by an image of Vecna taunting you, until it was dispelled by Allura. The discussion was that something was going on in the mountain range where Vecna seemed to have Thar Amphala, which had been discovered by a couple of surviving wyvern riders. Thinking about the two possible locations that could be of interest to Vecna, you gathered your materials, your preparations, and with the first striking lot of wyvern riders, on the back of the newly transformed J'mon Sa Ord into the Devo'ssa dragon form, you were transported via druids to the northern icy landscape of Issylra, to the base of the Zenwick Mountains. You discovered that the Crypts of Thomara, an ancient, forgotten dwarven society that had destroyed itself through cannibalism and madness was now a sinkhole in the mountain range, and a series of large, heavy, 150-plus-foot-across cavernous openings in the ground formed a pattern that you soon discovered were footfalls. Steps. You came upon the risen undead primordial earth titan, long left beneath the surface of the world, dead since the Founding, now given unlife and walking its way southeast towards Vasselheim. Atop its shoulders, you saw Thar Amphala, protected by some sort of magical barrier. There you struggled with a few fleets of flying gloomstalkers that were charging their way towards you. You turned yourself invisible through both Scanlan and J'mon Sa Ord-- J'mon or Devo'ssa both forms, same person-- you managed to, thanks to a very high roll from Keyleth, discover there was a waterfall or trickle of liquid near the hip of this giant titan. Its giant, four, swinging arms of imminent danger in its vicinity only managed to clip Keyleth and Vax once. Surviving the impact, you all gathered at this ingress right around the hip of the titan, where you leapt off the dragon and proceeded to make your way in. Keyleth, using Control Water, was keeping the heavy flow of an underground river from blowing you off the broken steps that lead into your entry. And that is where we left off. At this time, Keyleth, as you're all standing, looking over your shoulder, you can see the opening where you entered. It's this giant view through this window where you can see down below the mountains and the valleys and the landscapes outside. You can hear the wind blowing though and battering like a heavy, deep whistle. Oh! And we have the rest of our party. Perfect timing. Welcome. So thank you, Laura. As you all stand on the outside of the opening of this titan ingress, the slick stone steps that break off and crumble into the open expanse where you can plummet hundreds of feet to your death, should you slip. Keyleth is holding the water at bay, keeping the flow from pushing you all back outside of the large earth entity. Gathering your strength, you watch as J'mon Sa Ord's brass dragon form flies just outside of your visual range. You now all stand within this 15-foot-wide entryway. What do you do? Currently, the flow mostly covers about ten to 15 feet of this opening. It flows downward. It's not super strong, but it's enough where it would be somewhat dangerous to some of you. However, Keyleth is keeping it at bay for as long as she can concentrate. Yeah. It may be up to your knees as far as the flow. It's a possible slip, and you're fighting the current to push you outside of the titan. You haven't lost concentration on it, so I imagine so. What's the marching order, by the way? All right, we have Vax up front. Who's next? All right, Keyleth's after Vax. Who's next? All right. Is Trinket still in your necklace? Okay. Trinket is out, next to you. Who's after Vex? Okay. Good to know. Slick steps across the smooth stone walkway. The water, however, being kept at bay by Keyleth. You watch as this river is being curled back into itself. The flow is being staunched. It's briefly frozen in time. It's a unique thing to see, especially as there is no light source inside, so you can see, especially those of you with darkvision, the flow and the movement. It swirls back on itself and seems to be contained in that space. As you push up, bits of it splash and trickle out to the side, but for the most part you maintain complete control of this flow. As you continue up the cracked stone stairs, there's a slight right curvature up into this shaded area. The roof of this opening is maybe ten feet tall. It dips down, with some of the rough rock outside and ceiling area of this, to about seven to six feet. Grog, you have to dip down a few times. You see hints of stalactites that you have to maneuver around and push through. It's not a huge opening, and it seems to vary in its size. With each heavy footfall, you have to catch yourself on the wall as the impact and the shake, the (crashing) of each step of the titan you're within seems to cause you to shift slightly, and a faint bit of dust be released from the tunnel around you. Okay, so you're taking a very slow approach. Make an investigation check. This would not be a nature check. Much of this tunnel seems to be natural cavern, but there were steps when you first came in. There were stone steps that were carved or placed within the dirt that eventually were consumed or covered by silt and loose earth and whatever the river knocked loose and began to flow over it. So you can see both. A lot of this is natural, but there seem to be, at least in the 30 or 40 feet you've made into the tunnel, you've seen elements of civilization, of crafted entry, that merge with the terrain. Early Age of Arcanum, so best estimate from what you knew, you guys both learning of the history of this, well over 1,500 years, if not longer. After the Founding, which was the first great war, where the titans were slaughtered. Beginning of the Age of Arcanum, which was long before the Divergence. Their general, faint vibration never stops. There's a perpetual, very minute hum to them. Touching it doesn't seem to have any effect or change. The proximity seems to be triggering some sort of harmonization. All right, so make an investigation check, Vax, as you slowly lead the group up this slightly curving tunnel. 27, okay. Well, you should do that now. As you guys slowly make your way along the path, behind Vax, you look out and occasionally see bits of loose earth that looks looser than most. As you brush it aside, you can see the steps continue. A lot of it's been buried, but this was a staircase that slowly ascended and curved. The movement of the titan seems to have knocked a lot of the loose tunnel to cover it. As you brush it aside, you carefully look about, and you can see that there are occasional symbols of a writing you don't understand, but nothing stands out to you as a trap or a trigger. What languages do you guys know? Do any of you know Dwarven? Grog, as Vax points out some of these symbols, you sit there and concentrate really hard on one of the carvings in the recently uncovered stone step. As you focus, you begin to sound out the sound to yourself repeatedly. (hesitant syllables) You're trying to find the right way to pronounce it. It takes you about two to three minutes to sound this out, which knocks about two to three minutes off of your concentration time for your Control Water spell. But this looks to be carved in as a warning. Strangely, if you could have seen Thomara when it was a highly functioning society, they would have been blasting Rammstein everywhere, man. Yeah, these weren't the happy-go-lucky dwarves of old. This was a brutal clan. The rough translation from what you can-- spending about five minutes or so breaking out this glyph and a few other glyphs, it says, "Leave. Death here. No further." You push up another 60 or so feet, Vax still keeping the point man on this. Slowly pulling forward, you begin to hear the sound of rushing water growing louder and louder. You eventually come across the rift in the ceiling that is spilling forth the water that is forming this river. It looks like there is a recent crack and a piece of eroded earth that has fallen out from some sort of water source further up inside the titan that is causing this river to continuously run in and out of this titan. At this point, you guys would be able to move around and continue up past where this opening is, and the river would no longer be impeding your path. Okay. Many. Within a mile, which is the entirety of the titan, many. Thousands. Nothing within the very immediate vicinity. Due to the limitations of Primeval Awareness, which does not show you the exact location, you sense the presence and vague direction. Forward and upward, there is this giant mass of undead force that the minute you focus, it causes you to hold your breath. As soon as the impact hits you, you have to remind yourself to exhale. Okay. The structural damage appears to be natural. As you pay attention and watch as another footfall of the titan hits (crashing) and it shakes, you watch as another piece of rock falls and a little of the water flow expands to allow a little more water to exit. You get the sense that, as the titan moves, the longer it travels-- Or at least portions of it that were built into the titan, that aren't part of its natural body-- Some of them may. There you go. As you guys descend past the rushing water, the sound of the river begins to slowly fade behind you as you continue to spiral upward, this slow crawling, ascending tunnel. The dirt that consumes the stairs at your feet eventually begins to give away as your feet find purchase in softer earth from loose gravel and the rocky terrain. As you continue to push further and further into the interior of this titan, you feel another heavy impacting footfall, and all of you have to brace yourself against the nearby wall, this impact seeming heavier than others, and as it does, a number of rocks tumble past. Another footfall. Another footfall. Every single hit seems to cause the foreign structures on the inside to-- hope that they were made well. Another heavy footfall hits even heavier than the last, and this one, the impact hits so hard that you guys are almost thrown to your knees as you reach out, and you hear this loud crack sound above you. I need Scanlan, Pike, Percival, and Grog to make a dexterity saving throw, please. Yep. Yep. All right. Everyone but Grog, you glance up just in time to watch as a large piece of the tunnel ceiling dislodges and comes plummeting down in your direction. Grog, you dive out of the way, being clipped off the shoulder, but you manage to avoid most of the impact. The rest of you, however, immediately get buried by rock and broken earth, suffering 29 points of bludgeoning damage to Percival, Pike, and Scanlan. And they are buried and restrained right now, unable to breathe. Between all of you guys able to help, it's a negligible period of time, and it wasn't too heavy of an impact. You manage to get them free over the next five or so minutes. They get their breath back. A bit battered, but you get the sense that you should travel quickly. Picking up the pace, you continue up the curvature of the upward ascension. It's probably been about 60 or 70 feet since you've seen any carved portion of terrain, any sign of previous dwarven construct or building or architecture. As the tunnel stops at the curve, it eventually, looking ahead, ascends a bit, about a ten-foot climb up onto a plateau of some kind. You can see some weird root-like tree is growing out of one wall and seems to be dead and petrified in its current space. Do you guys wish to ascend to the plateau? It's about 40 feet from you right now. Okay. Focusing, no undead within 60 feet of you. Good job! Yeah, it goes up about ten or so feet, 15 feet up, and then it leads to another plateau, and you can't see beyond that. Okay. Are you stealthing? Roll a stealth check. Vex, are you going with him or letting him scout ahead? Okay. 41. Okay, cool. All right. You ascend to the top of this plateau. It only goes on for about 15 feet, and then descends down into another chamber that splits in two different directions. A tunnel that goes to the right and to the left. You can see, once again, the stalactites, some of them meeting in the center with the stalagmites to form pillars. You can see portions of the wall that have collapsed and created these soft landslides in one corner to the right of you. But currently, all you see is the descending tunnel and then the split, and you can't see too far one way or the other. Okay. Anyone else? What are you doing? Okay, so as the rest of you ascend to the top of the plateau, you make your way down to the center, and you can see that the path goes to the right and the left. Both seem fairly identical, though they're traveling in opposite directions. If you were to look at it straight on, like it's facing you, it would be the right side. Correct. If you're looking at its butt, to the right. At which point, there is what sounds like an explosion of rock and dirt immediately to the left of Percival as two heavy, rock-like limbs reach out, grab, and pull him against the wall as the ceiling crumples over and collapses. He has now vanished within the wall, and now leaving a pile of rock in his place. Darkness. And you're now restrained, and there is no air. You start clawing it. At this point, with the alertness piqued up between you two and Keyleth, you glance around and you can see things emerging out of the nearby walls. Like the rocks themselves are almost pushing through. Okay. So as you do that, this entire section of the wall (squishing) turns to a heavy, soft mud material, and your arms plunge into it, and you feel, and you grab Percival, and pull him out. You're covered in thick, sludgy mud, and as he's pulled out, you guys glance around and you can see, shifting in the darkness, the walls in certain places seem to almost move. I need you all to roll initiative. Percival, you're pulled into this side there. Keyleth had just pulled you out there. Vex and Trinket. That's true. You were scrambling at the wall, so that will be Trinket over there. All right. And that being the case, then, you guys are all clustered up in that platform. You watch as these creatures that are similar to the living earth physicality of the titan and/or the elemental form that Keyleth has taken in the past seem to emerge, but where their once glowing elemental eyes are, there's a vacuous darkness. You feel the rumble of the ground as they shift and glide through the rock in their vicinity. They're not undead, because you do not sense undead in the presence. So getting initiative orders here. All right, 25 to 20? Jeez. All right. 20 to 15? All right. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Got it. Top of the round, Percival. As you emerge, covered in the sludge, you look around you. By the way, right now, you have no vision because nobody lit a torch. I should remember that. You are a human. You have no common sight. We'll say for the purposes of this, you had a torch out, so you could see. When she chooses to. However, as soon as you were pulled into the wall and then dragged back out, and the whole surface of it is coated, you were seeing darkness. In your turn, you are blinded right now. Yes, because you can't see anything around you. All you hear is the moving and shifting of rock and your allies all preparing for some sort of assault. You can't, though. It is covered in muck and mud. We'll say it'll take your whole turn to clear yourself and to clear the light from that, so there you go. At that point, the light at the front of your weapon lights up, illuminates the vicinity, and you see the moving shadows are bits of rock and stone, moving, living out of the nearby walls. Percival, you can move if you want to. There's one maybe ten feet from you. Which you will find out-- I'll say that you're yelling that as everyone is preparing. That finishes Percival's turn. Grog, you're up. Okay, go for it. Go for it. 28 hits. 23 points of damage in the first hit. As you spin around, jaw open, growling in rage (yells), you bring the axe across, and it cuts across the front of its chest. You watch as pieces of rock break off, and it still holds strong against the impact. Go for it. 25 hits. Nice! The second hit, you swing around and slam it. It actually gets stuck and wedged in part of its body. The mouth opens and gives this guttural (grunts) as a reaction. Actually giving a pain exert upon the hit. However, as it reaches out, both of its hands grab the edge of the axe. All right. That end your turn? He's attempting to. Okay, then move. All right. Well, that guy swings at you with his fist as you pull away. You rip the axe out of its grasp, and instead it takes one wide swing with its right fist. He has advantage because you used reckless. That is a 24 to hit. That is 18 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to nine. All right, that finish your turn, Grog? Vex, you're up. And you're on deck, Vax. On? All right. Go for it! 14 does not hit, unfortunately. As you mark it with your spell, you pull back the first arrow, and it hits, but it ends up exploding, the shards of wood scattering off of it, and your hear a slight (grunts). 16 misses, just barely. You go to shoot another arrow, this time out of frustration, as you pull back and let it loose, it actually backhands the arrow out of the air, scattering the shaft in the middle of the sky. So without the minus five, what would it be? Okay. You didn't say it. That's okay, we'll let it go. Okay, so roll damage. Regular damage. So as it goes to backhand it out of the air, the arrow manages to sink in the center of its fist. It still causes a crack to widen across the various plates that keep its left arm together. Correct. All right. Fantastic. 39 damage in one hit. So the second one, as it hits, it causes this rift in the center of its large, battering ram-like arm to shift and crack and pieces of broken shale peel and fall off to the ground around it. Does that end your turn? Do you want to move, or do you want to stay where you are? Vax, you're up. Pushing close to an hour. About 12 feet. All righty. All right, that hits. 20 hits. One point of damage. There's no modifier, just whatever damage the weapon would deal. Okay. All right. So as you're flying there, your wings still-- No dexterity modifier. It still gets weapon bonus, damage bonus on the weapon. Ah, didn't add sharpshooter onto that. Keep that in mind. As you release the torrent of daggers down, one of them slams into the chest as another hits and skids off to the side and vanishes, and the third one actually strikes right where the first dagger was, driving it deeper in. Both of them seem to wedge and break the interior of its chest, and you watch as parts of its body are falling off in chunks. It's giving this horrible sucking sound, like it's barely holding itself together. (wheezes) But there it still stands. That ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. Right there, you mean? Okay, you're right on the edge. There's a platform drop-off behind you. As you rush over there, you're like (grunts). You watch as a couple rocks tumble off and clatter below. Ten-foot drop; not too bad. It came back around. All right, so take your inspiration dice, definitely. Towards which one? A cube? Okay, so you can put yourself in the cube, then. Okay. You can do it where it doesn't hit Grog. It just hits the other guy. I'll let you do that. Out the sides of you. All right, so that's a constitution saving throw for both of them, right? Second one does save. First one does not. Rolled a natural 20 on its saving throw. The first one rolled a five. Natural 20. So it doesn't do anything. However, it does thunder damage, which they are vulnerable to, so they take double damage from this. You watch as the blast of thunder energy slams outward. Both of them, you watch as their bodies are thrown into the rock behind them. That's okay. Both of them get hit and thrown back, slam into the wall, and you watch as their body is unable to earthglide based on the force of the impact, so it actually causes part of their body to crack intrinsically. And they both fall back to the ground, and their feet sink into the stone about an inch or two. And they reposition their stance. All right. Anything else you want to do? Your call. Okay. Now it's their turn. First off, I need Keyleth, Vex, and Percival to make a dexterity saving throw, please. Nice. Okay. What did you get? All right. No. Keyleth, you all of a sudden watch as the one behind you that is barely holding on angrily goes (impact) slams its fist into the ground. And from the sudden vibration, the earth seems to rise up underneath and attempt to swallow you. Vex and Percival, you both grab each other's hands and leap into the air, and it passes under your feet. However, Keyleth is not fast enough and gets swallowed as it closes up (crash) around her, and now there's a giant pile of earth and rock where Keyleth is buried within and restrained. You both manage to move out of the way. These guys are going to move up there. And this guy's going to move up here. This guy's going to attempt to pummel the shit out of Scanlan. He's going to make two slam attacks against you. That is a 20 and a 21. You take 16 points of bludgeoning damage and 17 points of bludgeoning damage. And you watch as it slips into the wall and vanishes. You can make an attack of opportunity against it. However, I am giving it three-quarters cover, as it pulls just out of melee range and is mostly in the wall, so it gets plus five to armor class. That actually hits! Go ahead and roll damage. 1d8 plus three plus your strength modifier. Hey, six free points of damage! It vanishes somewhere inside the wall. You're not entirely sure where. Two attacks on you, Percival. That is a 28 and a 19. 16 points of bludgeoning damage. Yep. And 15 points of bludgeoning damage. War caster. Well, next time. That's against you and against Vex. That is a 22? And 21. So it still hits you, all right. You take 14 points of bludgeoning damage, and another 14 points of bludgeoning damage. And then both of these guys-- You do. With a plus five to AC as this guy sinks into the ground. No, it's a melee attack. All right. I'm pretty sure you crit on a 19 or 20 regardless, but the hemorrhaging shot element doesn't happen. Yeah, that hits. All right, cool. So you strike out as it disappears into the wall and vanishes. This guy here shifts into the wall as well. Well, he (sucking sound) into the wall. And the guy who's right there is going to take two strikes at you, Grog. Yep. Yep. And the other attack-- Yep, both hit. So that's 16 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to eight. And 12 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to six. You can. Oh, that's going to suck! 48 points of damage. As it slams with both fists into you, with one giant (whoosh) over the head as it impacts you, you grab with one hand the back of its fist and grin, and then bring the axe straight up into its torso with one hand. It strikes and splits open part of its rock chest and you hear this (guttural wheeze) which it reforms again. But still, it's taken the brunt of the impact, and it's now going to shift into the wall, which you can't attack because you already used your reaction. That ends their turn. Keyleth, you're up. You're currently buried. You're blinded. You can feel where they are, yeah. You can sense them moving through the ground. Right. I'm marking your place. As your earth elemental? Because you have-- Let me see here real fast. What are the components of Thunderwave? Thunderwave is verbal and somatic. Right? Correct. Just making sure, because there is a slight limitation to druid spellcasting in beast form. You're probably still good. Let me see. Yeah, verbal and somatic, so you can do that. 15-foot cube, the most guys you can hit would probably be these two here, clustered together. Otherwise, everyone else is just a one hit. They're too far spread out. It's a 15-foot cube originating from you. Meaning it's not a radial thing. So you shift through over here, beneath the ground. That's a 13 and a 17. So neither of them make their save. 32 points of damage to both of them. Well, they'd get pushed if they weren't in the middle of the rock. They glide on their own. They stay put. All right. So as you (whoosh) outward, you send the shockwave, and you guys hear this loud, thunderous (explosive thrum) beneath the ground. And you watch as rock and dirt is thrown from this wall. Poor Trinket is spattered with rock and dirt and spins around (bear growling). That wall is not looking very sturdy right now. The Thunderwave has structurally damaged this whole portion of the cavern right now. That ends Keyleth's turn. Pike's up. All right. Yeah, so she makes this beacon of light. What is she holding? A physical attack? So as soon as one appears, she's going to go ahead and swing. Okay, good. So she's holding that. That ends Pike's turn. Top of the round Percival, you're up. Oh, over this side? You guys traveled this way, and this is where you saw the right and left split. Okay. So you get your weapon ready. You're holding it for any sort of movement out of a wall. Got it. All right, got it. Grog, you're up. Currently, no. Yep. 50 is what you can get, right there. All right, so that's your movement. Okay, good to know. That ends your turn. Vex. Okay. Okay, so you get up, and you're now lifted up into the air a bit. You believe you can what? Don't hurt yourself. You are right up against this ceiling. It's about 12 to 15 feet. Okay. So you're about a head's height up. Arrow's notched, ready to fire? Okay. That brings us to Vax. Right here? Make a stealth check. Okay. Scanlan. You were traveling this way, and this was the split in the path ahead. 25. That will get you up here next to Percival. You'd have to do Healing Word first. Because if you cast a spell, you lose Invisibility. Yeah, you can do that. All right, that ends Scanlan's turn. All right. First off, let's see-- This one is going to emerge from under the ground-- Hold on. You do not. What is the range on your fists? If it's a ten-foot range on the elemental, then you would, but-- Under the slam attack, it should say range five foot? Melee attack? What does it say? Okay, then. That's what I was asking for. You can use your reaction to get an attack of opportunity on it. As he glides away from you and underneath, you get one swing at him. He gets a plus five to his AC. Actually no, he wouldn't, because you have earthglide. 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage with the fist. So you slam him within the stonework. 15 points of damage, all right. As you slam it, your fists gliding through the rock like it was air, and slamming into the side, pushing it even further forward, it swoops underneath. And with a giant uppercut as it emerges from the ground, the earth swings up to try and consume both Grog and Trinket. I need you both to make a dexterity saving throw, Trinket and Grog. Both of you, your vision goes dark as the earth rises up to consume the space around you. Both Grog and Trinket are currently restrained and blinded within the earth. Yeah, they're within a close area. I would say so, the action's already happened. If you want to, you can. It's what it's there for. 18. All right, you barely manage to avoid-- So as the rock comes up to consume you, it covers over both of you. And there's a brief moment of silence before Grog bursts out and steps up onto the stone, unaffected by the impact. And that's its full speed, so it can't earthglide again. This one here is going to scoot and appear right around the edge on that side. It is, yes. Roll a perception check. That hits. And you do manage to-- You do see it, so you can, if you want. Yeah, sorry, I got a notification on my iPad that went like, "no music." No. The tremor sense-- As you put your feet against the stalactites, it seems to know where you are. That hits. Damage? Okay. As it emerges from behind, you watch as it brings back both of its fists to attempt to slam into the ground where Scanlan is currently standing. Yeah. His heavy footfalls still touching and moving the earth in the vicinity, its tremor sense still notifying it of your base location. As he goes to swing both of his fists-- A flurry of daggers and arrows go flying through the air (whoosh) slamming into it before its fist can come down. Its chest is detonated from the impact, the rock and shale scattering against the sides of the wall, its form destroyed and scattered. Unfortunately, no. He's about ten feet from you. You've hit in the space, but the bear was closer to him. Yes, you do. This fellow here emerges right behind Percival, right there. And is going to attempt to make two swing attacks at you. Mm-hmm. Go for it. Is this with your gun? Yeah. Yeah! Because you're on fire, dude! All right. So as it emerges from the wall, coming toward you. You do this triple strike against it. And it manages to carve across part of its chest, but its momentum is still strong, and both fists come to the side to hit you and rattle you from both sides. That is a 16? Misses! And a 24. So you manage to deflect one blow, the other one clocks you on the side of the head. That is 11 points of bludgeoning damage. All right. And now this fellow here is going to swoop over and slam the ground near Pike. The range on this is a ten by ten-foot cube, so he's going to do it before he gets in melee range of her, she's right there. So as it glides toward her, it slams the ground, and the earth is going to attempt to consume her. She needs to make a dexterity saving throw. And with that, the ground consumes Pike, who is now buried, blinded, and restrained within. And with the rest of its movement, it's going to sink into the ground. We'll say-- (counting) Yeah, it'll sink into the ground. Just out of range. I'll put it here, just to mention where it is, but consider it's not prone, it's underground. You're going to die tonight. (laughter) This one here is going to swing back around-- She already took one. One reaction. This one bursts out of the ground to leap towards you. As it emerges, it looks up and sees you just within its range, it does have a bit of a reach. And it leaps to go ahead and make two swings at you. Natural one. You manage to pull back with the broom and it swings wide and lands on the ground, and it's going to attempt to go with another uppercut in your direction. That is a 15. (laughs) Ding! No effect on that. And that's going to end its turn, that's his full move. All right, so that brings us to Keyleth. You can sense Trinket is currently buried. I want a pony! If anyone could do it, Ryan Green could. All righty. So, Keyleth, you can sense Trinket is buried over there, and Pike. What's your movement? 50 feet glide? You can. Okay, make a strength check. I'll give you advantage because you are a siege monster. With no issue, you punch through the massive rock and earth right there, and you emerge out of it like a shoryuken, clutching Pike in your left arm as you land back on your elemental feet in that space, bringing both of you-- All righty. I believe that ends your turn? Pike can, because it's her turn. Do things! She can, yeah. No, she can, now. Keyleth just pulled her out of the rubble and is holding her in front. Yeah, she can do whatever she wants. Yeah, she already pulled her free with her action, so-- She did. Well, actually, you had ten more feet, if you wanted to. No, unfortunately, no. Sets the gnome down on the ground. That ends Keyleth's turn. Now it's Pike's go. So she's holding her action to attack, perfect. Percival, you're up. Top of the round. Okay, go for it. 19 hits. Okay, the first shot? As you reach over and fire at that one, you hit it, and you watch as it scatters into stones across the far-- Yep. They have the same AC. To that one? Okay, as the second one does blast a large chunk out of its torso and side, it still stands there with its angered arms open, ready to swing at whatever comes at it. All right, that ends Percival's turn. Grog, you're up. You're standing above Trinket now. No, not in a rage, you don't. That hits. That hits. 38. Okay! As you stand over Trinket, the first hit cleaves into the center of its chest, and wedges itself there, and you see the rocks forming over the axe, almost trying to pull it into its body to pull it from your grip. And as you do, instead you reach down and put your foot onto its chest and yank it outward. And as you do, as most of it began to form over the axe, it bisects it in two and it crumples into a pile of dirt on the ground. (cheering) Yeah, I'd say you can. He's emerged. You can see the movement. Okay. So you charge up beside, leap onto this platform of soft earth and rock, and it's right there next to you. All right, that ends your turn. Vex. 20 hits, yeah. Yeah. Okay. Even with the minus five? All right. So with that, as you see it crawling towards Percival, trying to grow and leap at it, and Grog leaps up in its way, there's a very little space where you can actually see its movement. And as you watch Grog pull back with the axe to almost go for a secondary strike, that brief opening, you see you have both arrows notched and releasing both at the same time and as it does it sinks into both of the sockets where the dark void of its eyes were. And it goes (creaking, crashing) and then falls into scattered pieces of rock. All right. Do you want to move, or stay where you are? All right. Vax, you're up. I'll say I'll give you an action for Trinket instead of an attack to attempt to break free. Make a strength check. Strength saving throw. Strength modifier. 15? Unfortunately, cannot break free. It's not strong enough. You listen, and you hear the shifting of rock. That's it. Yeah, you don't. Okay. Vax, what are you doing? Okay. Like your own personal raven. All right, ending Vax's turn. Scanlan, you're up. This technically is a root, and you climb up into it. Okay, so your weapon's at the ready? Okay. Great. All right, so that ends Scanlan's turn. At this point, shifting beneath the ground and emerging right there behind Pike-- 24 to attack? That hits. 19? Hold on. Let me check one thing real fast. The war cleric... Actually, yeah, because it's a bonus action to do that. Against that one? How does Pike want to do this? (cheering) As she does, the glowing mace scatters upward, breaking layer after layer of rock and earth. Its upper torso explodes into the ceiling, a shower of small pebbles and errant pieces of earth are smeared across the wall and scatter to the ground. As you guys all make your way over to the pile, as it's shifting and moving, you all prepare your weaponry for what might emerge. Make a perception check, Vex. That's plenty. The moment you see some of the movement push through, a claw begins to emerge from it and your arrow pulls back, ready to release, but the moment it's there, you immediately wonder how you could have made that mistake. All of you rush over and begin to help Trinket free. So this battle has transpired in the length of one stride of the Titan, as the other footfall lands, (thumping) one portion of the wall begins to shake and fall in and this side of the tunnel begins to collapse. So as you guys dart down and head left into the hallway, your earth elemental form allows you with quite a bit of strength to force it and prevent it from causing the entire tunnel to collapse. Just half of it does, and holding that in space you guys begin to charge down the left side of the tunnel. Okay. As you guys continue down the left path for about 50 or so feet, it curves rapidly to the left and stops at a cylindrical chamber. It's still a cavernous space, but it has a cylindrical shape to it. About 40 feet in diameter, about 50 feet tall at its apex, and in the center of it, you see a partially collapsed dark stone pavilion or small temple. Well, you guys turn and it's in the center of this chamber that rises up before you in the center of this small, egg-shaped opening, the space. And you see this made of a deep, dark, grayish, almost black stone structure that looks beautifully made. The craftwork is distinctly dwarven. You can go make an investigation check on it if you'd like. Okay. You do sense-- --specifically within the heart of this structure. This would be considered subterranean. It would be like an underground. Not Underdark, no. The structure, however, is somewhat damaged from a collapse on one side of the wall. You watch as part of the chamber on the right side has come loose and this rockslide has jammed into the side of the structure. And looking past the craggy piles of loose rock, you can see shattered glass across the ground, and part of the rock as the rockslide has pushed into one of these glass panels that marks the exterior of the small, gazebo-like temple structure. It seems to have filled, from what you can see at least at this distance, a portion of the interior as well. There is a double door in the front that is currently closed and the right side of the door is buried partially by the remainder of this rockslide that has come to a halt at the base of the structure. Make a religion check. I mean, you ran into the Allfather's space before, but not every dwarf worships the Allfather. Just like any other free race in the world, religion's up for grabs. You don't know what this is at first glance. The structure seems ceremonial or at least important. It seems to have been placed here with intent away from a large part of society. It could be. How big is it? It's about, maybe, I'd say, 35 feet wide? It almost fills the entirety of the chamber. There's like a slight space behind it, except for the fact that part of the wall collapsed into it and is burying the right side of the structure. Looking at the glass, it's multiple colors. Looks to be of stained glass type, and it's a thick glass. And there is one intact window of stained glass on the opposite side and there is the double doors currently that keep it shut. It looks to depict a dwarvish-like figure, adorned in golden armor, that stands at the precipice of a mountain, with a series of smaller dwarf-like entities in shadow all around looking up at it. It's very simple when you get up close to it, but the further back you go, it's a beautiful arrangement. Yes. Yes, her boots, they gave her advantage on stealth, which meant that she just made a regular roll. Yes. You feel for it. Nothing in the immediate vicinity. However, another footfall hits from the titan and it causes the entirety of the chamber to quake and it's almost like, you know when Superman opens up his perception too wide and hears all the voices? Everything around you shakes with such an intense ferocity, it causes your head to shake briefly. Yes. Correct. One. It's in the center of this structure. On one side, and it's broken one of two sets of stained glass on the front of it, and it seems to have filled part of the interior. Currently, there isn't enough space in that window to climb in. It's filled with rock. You could try and move stuff out of the way, or go through the doors, or break the other windows. Those are the only types of entrance you can find. That you see, no. It's an action. A Channel Divinity, is that what you're talking about? She's 17th right now-- oh no, I think she just leveled up. I'll double check. No, because you just hit 18th. Yep, so she's still 17th. Let me double check. So you--? All right, so 20. As you go towards the door, you can look around and see the door before you. It's partially buried and it isn't locked, but you can see there are some runic carvings along the perimeter of the doorway, similar to what you saw earlier on the pieces of stone when you first entered, and there are signs of forced entry. It looks like there are parts of the stone that have been chipped, familiar to you from people that use crowbars or other materials to break into entry places. It looks like there have been signs of forced entry in the past. You do not find any traps in the door, no. All you find is the door on the left appears to be unlocked and you could possibly push it open, and you see the dwarven writing on the outside of the wall. Do you want to push the door open and have a look inside? The door is closed, you can see-- You may. It takes you roughly 15 or so minutes. Yeah, the wings vanish. You can take a short rest if you guys would like to. It'll take a while, so it means you lose your invisibility-- All right so you guys can take your hit dice as a short rest. Your form reverts, which if you wanted to try and peek within, you couldn't anyway, because it's worked stone so you can't glide through that. The words you pull out from this are, "The last king, stalwart warrior of our mountain "secrets, his might unmatched, his will unbroken, his passing invites the madness." "Stalwart warrior of our mountain secrets." Grog, you do not get a short rest unfortunately. Because you were studying. No, no, no, that's from Heroes Feast. It's temporary hit points from your speech. All it says is "stalwart warrior of our mountain secrets". Make a strength check. It's a heavy stone door. Partially buried in rubble. It's not locked but it is somewhat-- 16? For you? Is Pike helping? Have Pike roll as well. Her strength is 19 so it's +4 to what she rolls. Okay, you both (grunting). It shifts like a quarter inch and then locks into place from something. No. The doors are about that thick. All right, go ahead and roll an attack. All right, so go ahead and roll damage. We'll say 1d4 for your fists plus your strength modifier. Ten. So that's 20 points of damage, because it's doubled. As you slam your fist into the stone door, the door cracks and part of it splinters and falls, toppling past your shoulders and bouncing you in the head a bit. The door suffered severe damage and probably wouldn't sustain another blow. (laughs) Roll an attack again. 15, yeah, that's enough. That's just enough. You slam a second time, you don't have to roll damage. Even with the additional modifier it's enough. The door (crumbling) crumples inward and falls inside the actual chamber as your fist turns it into shattered rock and dust. Make a perception check. Okay. Okay, as you guys glance inside briefly this ten-foot wide-- well, it's actually more like a six-foot wide door side on this point, glancing inside it's another circular chamber that's like an outer hallway maybe five feet wide, six feet wide, and an interior chamber. It looks like a smaller cylinder on the inside that is currently locked. You don't see anything within there. You see to the right immediately the rockslide has filled most of the chamber and comes to rest just about the corner of a single large antique bronze door that's pushed into this central chamber about 15 feet wide. You glance off to your left and you can see along the other side, there are five pedestals that curve around this side, each containing a stone box about that big, on each pedestal. Otherwise, all around the ground here are broken rocks and shattered statue bits from the rockslide. They pushed it inside. It's a mess across the ground from the impact of the rockslide. So, what are you guys doing? Glancing around? You can't make another religion check on one you've already failed. So you don't see anything that comes across as religious iconography. Sure, make a religion check for Pike. 13? No religious iconography seems to catch your attention. What did you roll for the--? 19 for the investigation. Okay. Glancing at the first box, it does not appear to be locked. It does appear to be trapped. Yep, so go ahead and make a roll, your dexterity and your proficiency modifier. Okay, so you all clear out of the chamber. 30, okay. You find there's actually a pressure cartridge at the very top of the box, so you slip your dagger in, so it remains depressed. As you lift the lid, you put your thumb over it and hold it, trap never triggers. Looking inside, it's empty. (shutting noise) No problem. All right. Investigation check on the next one. You rolled a 29? Okay, this one is not locked, is trapped. 27, okay. Similar depression plate, so the dagger opens it up. It's empty. Okay, go for it. They are re-trapped but you've already known the traps-- Nothing. Okay. 26? It's not locked. It is trapped. 33. Similar trap setup, different placement of the depression plate on the inside of the box lid. You find it, hold it, open it up. Empty. Okay. 18. All right, you check. It is not locked. It is not trapped. (groaning) Okay, you lift the lid, putting the dagger where the other depressions were. As you pull it back, there's a (cloud explosion) of a purplish-black cloud of some sort of vapor that immediately bursts into your face. Make a constitution saving throw. 20. You manage to just in time hold your breath and what bit gets into your lungs your body instinctually pushes against. Your semi-living form pushes the toxins from your system. You only suffer-- No, you only suffer eight points of poison damage. Box is empty. 19. Not locked, not trapped. Okay. So you throw Whisper and pull the lid up? As you pull the lid up, (trap triggers) the same toxic fume emanates from it but you are not there in the space, instead appearing right next to the central cylindrical platform in the center of the chamber and look back and the cloud slowly dissipates around. The lid has now fallen back into place. Well, the lid fell back in place. Okay, you open it up. Make a constitution saving throw. As it (cloud explosion) sprays in the air-- These don't! They reset when they close! It's like there's magic in the world, Liam, that allows you to fly 400 feet a round! No, it's not good enough-- Oh! No, actually 14 is just what you needed. So, you resist it again (pained noise), you still-- That is only six points of poison damage. But you resist the poison from locking into your system. The box is empty. The bronze door. You get the sense looking around here, based on the forced entry, that there's probably a good chance this place had already been pilfered of whatever those boxes contained. There's the rockslide, shattered statues across the ground. There's the empty boxes on the pillars, and there's the bronze doorway. You go ahead and inspect the door? So, as you go and take a moment and check the door, there is a bronze image faintly carved into it of a stocky dwarven man with a thick beard that touches his toes. It completely covers the front of his body. He wears plated armor that comes to dangerous, jagged, curved-up points. As far as dwarves go, this one looks about as unhappy and unapproachable as any dwarf, and you've encountered some pretty gnarly dwarves in your time. As you glance down, there does appear to be an opening for a key and there is an oval turning mechanism, like a vault door, like a smaller vault. Make an investigation check. 20? It does not appear to be trapped. Does appear to be locked, though. To? Pick the lock? Okay. Okay, so you and Pike, you're in the back of the room. What's everyone doing? TRAVIS and All right. So it's a total of what? I know! On a lockpick DC of 30, you manage to somehow find the intricacy of a king dwarf sarcophagus sealed door. It takes you a good two to three minutes to carefully find the proper tumblers and hold them without it breaking or ruining the lock, but you manage to feel something shift, and a slight latch mechanism on the other side go (creaking). At which point, the brass door from the front door's jaw goes (door opening) and pours forth this green fume that fills the entirety of the chamber. Scanlan, Pike, and Vax, I need you and you because you're still in the back of the chamber-- You said you were back in the chamber by the door, it's on the outskirt. I need you all to make a constitution saving throw, please. Okay. Seven. Okay. You manage to shrug off whatever this effect the fume is and you all cough for a second as it dissipates. Scanlan, Percival, and Pike, you feel your joints begin to stiffen, you feel your skin begin to tighten, and as you guys try and shift and look around, your whole body moves sluggishly. The outside of your body seems to harden and begin to shift in place. You suddenly begin to wonder, those shattered statue pieces in the ground may have been the last tomb robbers who came through here. As you all begin to realize this and the fume begins to slowly fade from the chamber, the rest of you, scared to enter, I need you to make another constitution saving throw. Not you, Vax, you've already made it, but I need Pike, Percy, and Scanlan to make another. If you'd like to. The effect has already taken place on them, it's not going to stop it unless they save, but you can try and clear the chamber of the fume. All right, so what are you using to do that? It's a 1st-level, correct? I will say, sure, I'll let that happen. You can if you want to. On yourself? On Pike, okay. As you reach out and cast Greater Restoration, it infuses Pike's body and the hardening effect fades. You and Percival both. As Pike shrugs off the effect and the Gust of Wind clears the rest of the green fume from the chamber, you all look back and watch as, locked in place, frozen stone Percival and Scanlan now adorn the chamber like decorative statues, locked in an expression of-- Okay, so mark off those spells cast for both of you. And upon touch, each of you, your form reverts back and the flesh and color returns to your body. The door's open. And the jaw is not resetting. It's expended at the time, you don't know how long it will take for it to reset. And you do recognize this is one of those type of traps that does reset over time, you just don't know how much time you have. Nope. Beyond the door, indeed you find the tomb of the last king. In this cylindrical chamber with plain stone walls in the center, you see a single solid marble rectangular sarcophagus with no lid. It is open before you. Within, you see the mummified skeleton of a dwarf adorned in golden decorative armor, the same shape and design that you saw on the bronze doorway before you entered. An intricate hammer made of jet black metal rests to one side outside of its grasp, and a beautiful gray leather belt of square opals wraps around the center of its body. At which point, the skull goes (crackling). Okay. As she holds up the holy symbol, the might of Sarenrae swells within her and blasts forth in a shockwave of divine energy and will. What's her DC? 18? As the wave blasts past, it sits up, seemingly unaffected by the effect. (growls) It looks like it's coming to. You have one round. What are you guys doing? Nope, the rest of you are out. It's one round before it seems to be-- it's currently sitting up in the sarcophagus, its arms reaching out for the hammer at its side. All right. Pike also still has her mace. No, you guys are still outside of the chamber. They rushed in after healing each other and besides, it's a small room, there's only room for three people to get in there. What are you doing? Interesting. Okay. So first, you do your attack. The first and the third hit. So. Pike doesn't have much of a fight for the hammer because you watch as daggers jam into the ornamental armor, causing it to bend and twist inward, ruining the breastplate, and the undead king falls apart, and before it can sit up, is now sitting right back down in the sarcophagus. 30. Okay. The sarcophagus itself is not trapped. Nothing of the accoutrements appear to be trapped. As you're investigating, the floor plates to the immediate right and left of the sarcophagus to where someone would easily wish to reach in, there are two plates that are trapped. From the front, yeah. It's a very small space, it's meant that if more than one person were to-- or if you were to fill the chamber, the two sides would trigger. The bronze plate armor is ruined. It's decorative, it appears to be more for visual and presentation than actual function. So you grab the dark hammer and the belt. Then you pull out of the chamber. The jaw of the open bronze is slowly (creaking sound). You guys exit the chamber, you're now outside of the cylindrical tomb of the Last King. Anyone have an Identify spell? It's creatures. Make an arcana check, if you're looking at it. Sorry. It's interesting. It's not so much that you can see any sort of-- there's no runic ornamentation it seems on it, but it's like a deep jet black metal. Make a history check. 22. This is adamantine, which is an extremely rare and hard metal. It's the fantasy equivalent. It's not technically magically enchanted, but its nature makes it a very powerful weapon by the metal that it's crafted from. The hammer. It's a warhammer, so it's one-handed. The belt? Make an arcana check. It does require attunement to use its effect or power. Okay. It's solid, it's hefty, it's nice. One of the better hammers you've ever wielded. I would say for the most part, yeah. I mean, you can make a base check to give a glance, but you're not going to be able to learn much about the nature of any enchantment if you find one. I will say looking at it, there does appear to be runes inscribed very faintly in parts of the leather around it and the way the rectangular opals are set into it, there is a glimmer of some sort of enchantment based into it. All right. So, you head the other way. So, you're holding off? Okay, so you begin to attune to it as you guys are walking, take some time with it. TALIESIN and Following the right path, you continue for roughly 100 or so feet in a switchback motion. Once you're past that portion of the tunnel, it seems to curve back and it ascends in like a switchback path a bit. You can see at this point more stairs, more carved stone steps are beginning to emerge; some of the rough earth that you had encountered in previous T-intersections seems to be falling away to some semblance of actual holding architecture. And eventually it reveals a much larger hall of very apparent dwarven architecture. The ceiling now pulls up to about 60 feet above you, stalagmites dripping condensation from the shadow above, you can hear the distant drops in the distance of the cavern before you. You can make out broken ruins built into the walls of each side. Ancient stone homes and structures that now crack and crumble with each footfall of the titan. As you hear the (impact) of the next heavy footfall, you see as a couple of stones tumble from some of these structures, clattering across the cavern floor. LIAM and Vax. You hear a faint, distant, echoing, alien sound in the darkness ahead of you. Further than your visual range. You hear this faint-- sounds like a voice, droning, slightly changing pitch, but it's so disparate and so distant that you can't make up anything other than noticing that it exists amongst the steady, low, rhythmic rumbles of each separate footfall of the beast you now currently are within. All right. Make a stealth check. Okay. As you dart ahead, you come up a few steps onto a raised thoroughfare amongst the various dwarven buildings here. It looks like there is a crevasse or chasm that this portion of the city was built along, and you can see up above there were platforms where staircases would rise up and there were raised buildings built into these chambers that have since fallen and crumbled down with the movement of the titan, leaving these ruined piles of broken walls, floors, and decorative materials. You can see broken and bent dinnerware and metallic decorative plates or vases that have since fallen and crumbled beneath the collapsing structures. There was once a thriving city that you're now getting more glimpses of the further into this beast you go that has been long deserted and now, the longer it travels, it begins to be erased by the vibrations of the creature's movement. As you continue forward, you can see there's a portion where the-- Couldn't wait, could you? It sounded like a growl. I know. As you crest the top of this upper area of the road, you glance down and can see a portion of it is underwater, there's a small pool where droplets drop and at the edge of it you can barely see the shape of a creature, hunched at the edge of the waterside. It's about 50 to 55 feet from you. Okay. Divine Sense to see if-- It is not undead; you do not get an undead sense. It's too far away to get a close view at this point because it's at the edge of your darkvision. You can just make out its shape; it's humanoid, it has two arms, two legs, and it looks roughly the size of you or Vex. But you now see it's sitting at a fallen and partially ruined dwarven statue, some sort of structure that was on a pedestal that had fallen at the edge-- and it's sitting over top of it. It's got gray, splotchy skin, tough exterior, armored spines or plates along its back that stick up as it hunches forward like some sort of porcupine. Not quite, it's smaller than that. You see a collection of odd trinkets and objects that dangle around its waist that clink as it shifts and moves, like a belt of scavenged trophies. Its claws currently tear into some sort of unidentified fleshy limb; it has clawed fingers. It's digging into it, tears a piece of flesh off of it and chews and slurps it back. It suddenly freezes up-- Roll for an attack. Okay, that hits. That hits. So the first dagger does-- The two daggers hit nothing as the first dagger strikes and slaughters the creature. And hits the water and now floats up, unmoving in the pond there. You can see the liquid around it darkening. No one knows about this. The sheer force of the first dagger sends it off the broken statue and it falls into the water and it is now unmoving. You guys do hear this distant echoing (creature dying) that echoes throughout the chamber. Okay, you glance around. Nothing else seems to be moving in the chamber. Okay. You move up to it, you can see now it's hunched in the water, its face is under the ground. The water itself is maybe waist deep at most, and it's there floating in the liquid. Do you want to look at its face? Okay, as you pull one of the spines and pull it back, you can see toothy jaws, humanoid-like, but grey and coming to a point where you can see jagged teeth in the top and bottom row, and one singular large yellowish eye in the center of its face, no nose, and the eye is slightly rolled back. Make an investigation check. Investigation. 19. Okay. A lot of them appear to be bones, many of them ancient, and a couple of them look to be more fresh. There's a filth-encrusted dagger that's hanging from the side, an empty scroll case, a spyglass, half of a book that looks like it's old and rotten and falling apart, and a singular bronze key. Looking at the shape and size of it, it probably would have fit pretty snugly into that door. You don't recognize the language. Okay. Well, it's still floating. All right. You guys approach carefully, walking through the center of this twisting chasm. You come over the rise of the central road and descend to meet up with Vax where you see there was the pool and the floating creature. Of? Oh, the belt? Okay, I'd say at this point. Sure. Sure. This would be an arcana check on this one, actually. Is anyone here trained in arcana? Yeah, make a check with disadvantage. You're not entirely certain what this is. Okay. So you're going to attune. Are you guys going to wait for him or are you going to walk with him as-- Okay, you look at the creature and leave it there in the water. You begin concentrating on the hammer. What are you unattuning from to take its place? Okay. So you set the Bloodaxe away and attune to the adamantine hammer as you begin to trek further into-- We'll get to that in a minute. As you begin to leave the watered pool to head further into this chasm, we're going to take a break. Because it's been a while. We'll be back here in a little bit, guys. We do have this Wenge Dice Vault for one of you guys to win from our friends over at Wyrmwood. This is the same wood that I use for my dice box over here. That works. So yeah. Head over to the twitch chat if you want to be entered in this when called for in the the twitch chat. Tonight's code word is titan. T-I-T-A-N. Enter that to be put into the drawing and one of you lucky winners will have this. We'll announce you when we come back from the break. See you guys here in a few. First off, we have a winner. The winner of the (laughs) of the giveaway tonight is Dalen365. D-A-L-E-N. Dalen365, congratulations. Danoba will contact you for your information and we'll get that sent out to you, so well done. I like to think that Pike could, but wanted to let him do it. "You can do it." She taught him to write, taught him to read. She's like, "Good job." Also, before we get started, Laura, something you wanted to mention at the beginning, but you weren't here for the announcements. At a theater near you. I'm the Rhino on that. He's coming up throughout the series, and he's a ridiculous character. He's fun. Fantastic. I forgot about that; thank you for the reminder. All right, so bringing it back in. As you've left the pool and the body behind, you continue further into this chasm. All right. There are a number of dwarven buildings in the vicinity. Some are partially or completely collapsed. Some had fallen from outcroppings and platforms that have since fallen into the center of the chamber. You rolled a perception. It was? You didn't roll yet? That's right; you did. 29. Glancing about, there's the continuation of the path. The chasm seems to be pinching a bit the further forward you go; it's closing in. You see six dwarven households or structures that could be entered, that look structurally enough sound that they're standing. From this perspective? Everything looks pretty wrecked. All right. Continuing forward, the floor continues to ascend upward as you reach the edge of where the earth begins to meet to that pinch at the edge of the chasm, and there, the tunnel continues anew. There are stairs that continue for about 25 or 30 feet beyond, as you ascend to those steps. They begin to vanish beneath more loose earth and stone for another 20 or so feet before reemerging again in places. About 40 feet past that, the tunnel ends at a set of heavy stone eight-foot doors. The surrounding cavern has slid in places, but it doesn't appear to be burying the door, to a certain extent. They're just closed. You don't see any handles; you don't see any keyhole entry point. They're just two stone slabs. They're simple. They're smooth. There's no intricate scrolling. There's no Dwarven text. They're just impeding your progress. Investigation check. Okay. There does not appear to be any locking mechanism. There doesn't appear to be any traps around it. They're just two stone slabs that are jammed together. No. Sure. Make a strength check. 24. You put both hands and push and push. Your fingers (cracking) dig into the stone, and it cracks around the exterior where you push about an inch into the stonework with your Gauntlets. As you push, you watch as the surrounding edges of the stone door-- this is the right or the left one? The right one, right. You watch as where it meets the stone, cracks begin to form at the edge and with one shift (shifting), it seems to push forward and (falling and impacting). You actually broke whatever mechanism was holding it in place and caused that side of the door to fall inward (booming). As it hits the ground, you hear the echo (echoing boom). Make a perception check. It is pitch black inside. There is no light or light source. Yep, not bad. All right. So you glance inside the lightless chamber. First off, the smell of rot and time, I guess you could say; that dusty, old, ancient, untouched scent wafts from the chamber. Yeah. As you glance inside, you find a single chamber before you that splits off into two other chambers, all rectangular, and there are two other subchambers that are beyond you. These stand about 20 feet tall at the height and about 40 feet wide on the one that's on the farthest side, and you can't make it far past to the secondary chamber to the right. And it's asymmetrical; one seems closer than the other. There's essentially three chambers that are all attached together, with small entryways that lead to each. The floor is covered in flaked shale, dirt, the occasional glitter of some sort of errant coin or gold piece or copper piece. At this point, again you hear the distant (booming) of a titan footfall. The chamber shakes, and a fresh layer of dust falls, clouds a bit, before resting to the floor. That's the most you can make out at first glance inside this chamber. Make a perception check. Glancing about this chamber, it's very well made. In fact, based on the smatterings of gold on the ground and glancing about the way it's built, this looks to be specifically a vault. This once contained probably a portion of the wealth of the people of this town. Not at the moment, no. There is a faint bit of airflow through the chamber now that this door is open. It is coming from the front of you and to the right, the chamber you haven't been able to look past entirely, to the right. You glance about in the entryway now that's open before you. There does not appear to be any trapped mechanism in front of you. There are areas where some of the walls have caved in slightly. The ceiling is solid, but there are portions where some of the wall has come in, and you can see where rockslides have come to rest on each side and filled in some of the corners. There are piles of rags and other wayward bits of materials that have been left behind and left to rot or sit. There's an awful, almost citrusy rot smell coming from one of the far chambers on the left. Your hands open up. Pike has? Her mace. Do you come in, as well? All right, so you all walk into the chamber. As you're glancing and doing your investigation, looking around, to confirm that this was once a vault that held quite a bit of wealth, you look at the base of the wall-- the parts that you can see that aren't buried-- and you can see scrapes and grooves. Hundreds of them, like there were once many coins and other heavy metallic materials that were placed in here that scraped against the stone as they were once on the ground. About maybe three inches off the ground, you can see this layer of metallic scrapes across the stonework that this place once contained a fair amount of wealth. You do notice grooves in places and signs that this vault has already been largely raided, of course; most everything in here has been taken. Probably a long time ago, based on the center. You do notice that one of the piles of rags begins to twitch and shift ahead of you. Okay, Divine Sense. The rag pile, it's around this portion of rock and fallen debris. Behind it, there's that pile of rags that's shifting. The minute you focus, you sense that is indeed a source of undead energy, and at that point, the rags rise up and you see a very long, greenish humanoid claw extend. As the rag falls back, you see a familiar sight. You've encountered trolls in the wild before, but these trolls appear to be somewhat rotting, their flesh strangely battling between decomposition and regeneration. There's this shifting midpoint where its form and whatever cursed enchantment is held within it or disease that claims its body is battling its nature. Well, right now, it's charging, and I need you to roll initiative. Everybody. It slowly emerged and then (snarling) charged in your direction. So that's the rag side there. Vax would've been right there. (singsong) They do good shit! If you guys'd like to place yourselves-- Talk to Dani; she's watching our house. You can borrow whatever's in there. All right, Grog. Vex? With Grog? Okay. And Scanlan? You just entered the chamber behind everybody else. Right. 25 to 20? Always first. All right, and then Vex. 20 to 15? Oh, all right. Pike's before Grog. LIAM, MARISHA, and All right, 15 to ten. Ten to five? Keyleth, what did you get? Top of the round. Percival, you watch as something underneath this rag pile suddenly emerges and then darts around the edge. You see it's rushing towards Vax'ildan. What are you doing? Go for it. 22? All right, 22 hits. That is a 20. What is your-- So it succeeds. That's cocked. 24 hits. That is a 23. Natural 16. And pretty strong. All righty. Wow, that's a 26. All righty. That ends Percival's turn. Vex, you're up. All right. Who are you marking? That guy? That's right. There is the one troll. Yeah. And there you go. Go for it. With a natural one! So as you mark him, you pull out the first arrow and you yank backward, and as the arrow string tenses, the actual shaft seems to snap in place. The arrow had somehow dry-rotted through your travels. Chuck it at the ground and pull another. All right. So what's the total bonus on that one? Yeah, that missed. Sorry. So the first arrow shatters in place, then pull out the second one and go to fire, and as you strike, the arrow seems like it should hit it, but instead it hits one of the rags over its shoulder that makes it look like its mass is larger than it is, and it passes through harmlessly, causing the rag to flutter off, revealing its shoulder. You can see the bits of greenish muscle and sinew showing up beneath one of the gashes of its rotted shoulder. You're going to move or Trinket can move? Sure. On top of the rocks there, getting ready to fire. There you go. All righty. Nope. What's his movement? Is it 30 or 40? 40? He could, actually. He can move over there. Perfect. All right. Ending your turn. Pike's up next. That hits! Nice. (impact) She runs up and slams it with the side of the mace. As it hits, you can see there's a flash of radiant energy and it burns away some of the-- Correct. What's the additional damage? What was the first damage roll you did to do 21 points of damage to her? Yeah, 2d8. Yeah. Fuck yeah! All righty. That is actually pretty damn nasty. Worth doing cleric. She can use a bonus action to hit again if she wants. That's one of her war domain abilities. All right, 23 hits. Roll damage again. 17 damage? All righty. So a second hit slams, and you could see the first one where it burst out, burned and singed the necrotic flash. The second one hits, not as impactful but still, it looks relatively hurt. That ends Pike's go. She could move back five, but it will get an attack of opportunity if she does that. Okay. Grog, you're up. Make a perception check. Nope. I don't think you've had time yet to fully attune to it. Sure. If you want to, I'll let you attune to it. Okay. Go ahead. You don't see anything in the room. You may. You may. What was the natural roll? A six? As you swing the hammer, go ahead and roll damage. You suffer 23 points of bludgeoning damage as you swing and clobber yourself across the face with the hammer. SAM and So you pull back and (whack). You're taken aback by it. Roll for an attack. Okay. Roll damage. No, did you do a d12 last time? For the warhammer. Warhammer is 1d8, but if you're a versatile two-handed, it's a d10. So. It's fine for the last one. Since you took it to the face. 39? 46, okay. So you reach back with the hammer after shaking your head, and with a giant, angry yell, (yelling) the hammer comes down and cracks into the face of the troll, causing its head to push into its ribcage, and it falls to the ground. No, it does not make its saving throw. It falls to the ground, unmoving. Crushed. All right, is that your turn, Grog? Vax, you're up. Yeah. Okay, what are you holding? Okay, good to know. That ends your turn, holding your action. Rushing around the corner immediately, you hear this (growling) as these black-drooling undead trolls, their eyes like a jet-black bead, hints of light hitting the shine of it, like shark eyes. This one rushes past. Right up to there. And then this one, here. Go ahead. No, because this is their turn. You're reacting to their action. Hits. Hits. You don't get a bonus action, because this is only an action you held. Which I probably forgot that earlier; it's fine. They both hit. 17 and 15? So as it turns around the corner (snarling) and it goes into a sprint towards you, rushing forward, it's going to go ahead and attack you twice with its claws and one with its bite. The claw attack is 20. You dodge out of the first claw. It strikes upward with its other hand. That is a 22. Okay. 17 points of slashing damage reduced to eight. Eight points slashing damage, and its bite attack. That's a natural 20. However, it only rolled a one on the damage. You take six points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Did you drop it, or did you roll it intentionally? It looked like you dropped it. Okay. Good to know. All right. So then the other one that's rushing up to you, Keyleth, is going to attack you, as well. That is a 17 to hit? Go ahead and roll your d12. Yeah. So with that enough of a distraction, his head turns to you over her shoulder, and the swing goes wide. Second claw strike. Which is just enough for it to roll a 19 on its second attack with the claw. Which deals 14 points of slashing damage, and it's going to go in for a bite after the claw strikes at you and grabs your shoulder and it pulls you in. Its troll mouth almost seems to hyperextend as it snaps down towards your shoulder. That is a 22. All right. You take eight points of piercing damage, and make a constitution saving throw. Okay. That brings us to the one. So the one on the ground that had been slaughtered by Pike, its wounds seem to heal up slightly, and as it gets up from the ground, it's going to strike out towards Pike. Getting up from prone. So the first strike is-- that's cocked. That is 24 to hit. All right. She takes eight points of slashing damage. Second attack is (counting) 25. Ten points of slashing damage, and as it grabs both sides of her armor, it's going to actually lift her off the ground and pull her towards its mouth. Its jaw (snarling) opens up to almost alligator-chomp down on her. The sides of its mouth almost curve back towards its neck. That is going to be a seven plus nine, a 16, which I don't believe-- she brings her shield up just in place, and as the top jaw comes down on the edge of her shoulder armor, the shield takes the bottom jaw, and she just manages to wrestle it off of her and land on her feet, unscathed by the bite. That's going to end their turn. Scanlan, you're up. So you're moving up to this guy? All righty. There you go. 11 points of damage. As you rush up and slip it right into the sternum of the troll creature, it goes through and points out the other side. It goes (snarl). You pull it out. Perfect! Percival, you're up. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 17 points of damage. All right. So as you hit it, (gunshot) you blow a large chunk out of its side, a wound that should have knocked it down, and it still stands and looks towards you (growling). All right. Ten points of damage. (chuckles) Once again, another shot (gunshot) blows out part of its ribcage, and you see organs (slurping) slop out onto the ground, and it-- You've fought trolls before. That'll hit. 26. I'm sorry. I'm rolling really well for their saving throws. All right. So we'll say you back up over there. You're now backing down into the tunnel where you guys had risen up before you got to the door. LIAM and All right, that ends Percival's turn. Vex, you're up. Okay. Want to leave Hunter's Mark on it, still? Okay. So was it a three? Plus? Yeah, no. Yeah, that hits. Okay. And Blazing Bowstring? Oh, yeah. Okay. So the arrow (impact) hits it in the chest area. You watch as part of its ribcage caves in from the blow, and it actually exits out the back. None of the flesh seems to stop it, and it (choking) falls to the ground, unmoving. As your bonus action? All right. There you go. Perfect. That ends Vex's turn. Pike's up. Turnt undead? That's a whole different ability. They are not challenge rating four or lower. It's a wisdom save? Yeah, they all fail. As she holds up her holy symbol, you watch as this radiant glow in the shape of Sarenrae emits from behind her. These giant golden wings emerge, and for a moment, you can see the beautiful dark complexion and flaming hair rise behind Pike. As that scatters outward, you watch as the faces of these undead troll creatures all of a sudden shift into this look of absolute horror, and they all go (guttural groan) and begin to make their way to turn and run. Exactly. How long does that last? Right. Okay. So that ends Pike's turn. Okay. Grog, you're up. All right, go for it. d10, yeah. (laughing) Oh shit. As you rush up behind, as it's turning to run away from Pike, (snarl) it turns around and its face comes right up to yours as you go (whack). Its jaw rockets off and scatters across the ground. You think that. Yeah. It's more of a jagged headbutt. So that's your first attack. A natural what? All right. Does 19 hit your armor class? Roll damage. You suffer 34 points of bludgeoning damage. No. You knock the jaw off, and as you swing back with a backwards strike, the arm seems to swing around in a circle, and then clobber you in the back of the head and you're like (grunts). You spit blood on the ground, and you feel the ringing in the back of your skull. You guys look over and watch as Grog bludgeons himself in the back of the head. Ending Grog's turn. Vax, you're up. That guy's no longer frightened, by the way, because you did do damage to it. You may. There you go. What are you doing, Vax? All right. Because it is frightened, and it's within view of Pike, it does not make an attack of opportunity on you. It doesn't even notice you. You step over and rush this way, and you are now there flanking it with Keyleth. You could do Scanlan if you wanted to move there. So do you want to go the other way, against Grog? Yeah, they both hit. 28 points of damage? Hold on. Yeah, it falls to the ground, unmoving (gurgle) as you stab it in the back of the skull. You guys watch as the dagger, as Whisper (splat) protrudes from the front of the skull and it (gurgle, splat) and slumps to the ground. Okay, so it's on the ground. It's easy enough. You go ahead and grab the back of its motionless skull, jam in, dig around and scramble the brains on the inside with your dagger. Okay. Ending Vax's turn. The corpse on the ground, as you're scrambling its brains, suddenly its other eye flickers open. It reaches up and grabs you, and from the ground, it's going to use you to pull itself back up. At this point, it's going to take a claw attack at you. That is a 20. As it tries to claw at you, you barely dodge out of the way. Your hair (whoosh) as it passes. It's going to spin around and claw at Scanlan behind with a 17? Nine points of slashing damage. And after it finds purchase on you, it realizes that you're a little more vulnerable. Its claws still dug in your shoulder, it's going to pull you in and it's going to attempt to, using its upper jaw, jam its teeth down into you; the lower jaw with the tongue is dangling out at this point. That is 25. You take five points of piercing damage and make a constitution saving throw. Okay. All righty. This one's going to get back up from the ground, it's going to crawl its way back to its feet and it's going to unload on Pike again, as she's right there. It was dead when she did turn undead; it was not affected by it. But it has since regenerated itself back. No worries. Yeah, unfortunately, its body was not moving; it was not actively present and able to pay attention when the first effect happened. That's four plus 11, that's not a hit. That's 15. That's a 14. Then with its bite attack that is a 22. What's her armor class? 23 with the shield, yeah. It goes to bite towards her, its jaw tearing open, the muscle actually stretching and pulling with each bite as its body's falling apart, and she beats it back with her armor and shield. No effect. And this one here, which has not been damaged, is going to go ahead and run the fuck away. You guys don't even see where it is right now. All right. That brings us to Scanlan's turn. Okay. As you step back, it's going to go ahead and make-- No, it was until he hit it. It's going to try and swing its bite at you once more. That is a 15. No, you were last; you're after Scanlan. Or did I skip you last turn, you mean? Correct. Oh, I must have skipped you last turn! I'm so sorry! No, I'll give you two rounds after this. It's my fault. That's totally my fault. I'm sorry. So anyway, that's six points of piercing damage to you. Make a constitution saving throw. All right. Keyleth. What are you doing, twice, because it's my fault? Oh, that's right, sorry. To who? All right. In order to do that, you're going to hit Pike, Vax, and Grog. That's okay. Pike has fire resistance. I need Grog, Vax and Pike to make dexterity saving throws. No. Not at that size. He probably could, but it'll hit Trinket. Your choice. Scanlan, Grog or Trinket? You're going to hit one or the other. All right. Roll a dexterity save for Trinket. Oh! Right! All right. So 10d6 points of fire damage. Okay, and your spell, what's the DC on the wand? 15? So yeah, you succeed. You take no damage, being a rogue. That's a good roll. So 40 points of fire damage. 20 to Pike, because she's resistant. None to that. 40 to Trinket. You watch as both of the standing trolls scatter to ash. They turn to burned dust and nothing as their bodies are consumed by the flame of the Fireball, leaving nothing but smoke and a shadow of their form against the wall. All right, Scanlan. That ends your turn? No, the wand has charges on it. Did you write down how many charges it has? Keyleth, what do you want to do? There's still one troll over here that ran out of sight. I'm sorry about missing your turn. I feel so bad about it. So you're going where? Six, and you're going to dash with your action to move over? Not with your basic movement, no. There's a wall. Okay, so you move around the corner and you watch as the troll is currently locked in the corner with its back to the wall, going, (monster noises). Okay. Yeah, no, that won't hit anything but himself and the surrounding chamber. Go ahead and roll damage on that. You're doing a standard 8d6? 35 damage. All righty. (explosion) The explosion hits and bursts around. The flames burn, and you can see some flames are catching on the troll. (monster noises). Still alive. Okay! So you guys watch as Keyleth puts her fingers across the top of the staff. Where her fingers arc around, it creates this arc of fire, and when she stops she grabs on to a hilt that didn't exist, but now does, in her hand. That arc of flame that stayed suddenly solidifies into a scimitar-like blade that's in her hand. All right, that ends your turn? All right, Percy. All right, ends Percival's turn. Vex, you're up. Are you going to fly down? You'd get right around there and see it. He is, yes. 17 does hit. The first strike hits it. It still has the fire trailing up its body. Second shot? That hits. Both arrows hit it in the chest. One, two! It's still standing there, the flames curling around it. The ceiling, by the way, from the impact of the Fireball, is looking pretty fragile. You do see, Keyleth, from this perspective, there's a small opening on the far wall where it looks like possibly whoever raided this vault had previously tunneled into it. It would've been really close. Probably not. You don't know. It's possible. End of your turn, Vex? Pike's up. She can see the troll just past the corner, there. That's our next T-shirt. Guiding Bolt up the butt! That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. All right, so. As she comes around the corner, the holy symbol in one hand, clutching behind the shield, she notches the edge of the mace at the edge of her belt and releases a bolt of energy. How do you want to do this? Because the radiant damage shuts down the undead fortitude, and the fire knocks down the regeneration. You see the radiant energy bursting out of its eyes, and as it screams, its head blasted upward, the energy bursting through its mouth, the jaw begins to burn away as the flames left over from the Fireball consume the rest of its body. It tumbles to its knees and burns into this skeletal mass that turns to ash on the ground. Make an investigation check. 14? Okay. Does not appear to be trapped. You open it? There are seven gold pieces, two silver, and the rest of it's empty. Investigation check. 22, okay. Room does not appear to be trapped, from what you can see. You're going to check that for traps, as well? Make a perception check. Seven? Doesn't appear to be trapped. Opens. It's not locked. There's about 12 pieces of gold, two copper, a silver. This place has been cleared out. You gather what amounts to about 35 gold pieces from there. Keyleth, what did you roll? 26? You're watching as one of the supports that-- The ceilings here are pretty solid. The one on the far end here has sustained damage from the Fireball and the drilling entry of whoever came in here previously, and the constant moves of the titan. At which point, you watch and you feel the (rumbling), the most recent footfall of the titan. The whole ceiling right there in the corner goes (crashing). This entire chamber. It's concentration for up to one day, but if you lose concentration halfway through-- To a specific, fixed location you're familiar with in the same plane of existence. So you could, in theory, say, "Thar Amphala," and it would guide you to the fastest path there until you lost concentration. Best you can make out with it, it is an adamantine hammer, but there is something wrong about its enchantment. There is something about it that is locked into your soul at the moment. It's occupying a portion of yourself. Pike, you guys have dealt with cursed items before. This is a cursed item. Well, Craven wasn't cursed. Craven was intelligent. This is something has sunk into you. Okay, so mark off the Greater Restoration. As you feel the hammer in your hand, it's like your fingers won't let go of it. They're almost clenched to it. The minute she touches you, you feel this warmth pass through your body, through your arms, to your hand. With that, your fingers widen and the hammer falls to the ground, there. That hold that it had on you is lifted. So you guys are taking a short rest to attune? In caves and other natural underground settings. Make a nature check. The radius is only 300 feet when you're underground. 25. One, this is not a natural underground location. The entirety of this area is the inside of an ancient, powerful elemental entity. Also, the spell doesn't function where nature has been replaced by construction, such as dungeons and towns, so for the most part, that spell would not aid you. My apologies. I'm not letting you cast it. That nature check was to see whether or not the surroundings would help you, so you know not to waste that spell. So as you take your short rest, you attune to your proper weapon, and you begin to talk amongst yourselves as to what the next proper path or action to take is as you climb through the crypts toward your destination, we're going to go ahead and end tonight's session there. It's just past 11. Great game, guys. Well done. We'll pick this up in a couple weeks. This is an upward dungeon crawl. This is fun. Oh, the titan? The titan was thrust into the ground in a mountain range. The mountain range rose up around it. Technically you wouldn't know this, but it doesn't matter. Part of the battle that smote the titan thrust it downward and created the mountain range around it. Nice job, you guys! That was awesome. We'll pick this up in a couple weeks. You guys will return next week, where you'll get to see this awesome man run his awesome game! We'll miss you too, guys. Why would you say that?!