So that's surreal. Oh man. Well, we're all so excited for you guys to join us tonight, both here in person and out there on the internet. How crazy is it that we live in a world where, right now, we have people here live in this fantastic theater to watch Dungeons and Dragons? (cheering) And in that regard, so we don't keep you too long before we can get to the game which you all came here to watch, let's go through some quick announcements. Very quick. In fact, I think the big announcement, if Liam and Taliesin want to take that? Thank you guys very much. These two busted their ass on this book. (cheering) We're hoping to have those in tomorrow, for those who can come to the signing, and even if you didn't get a ticket for the signing, come to the event anyway. We will have those available to pass out, hopefully. So you can pick from the two, or grab one of each, it's going to be ridiculous. One of the particular images, I'm excited to see where Scanlan shows up. It's absurd. That's why they're vinyl; you can remove them without damaging property. I think. We'll find out. Anyway, without further ado, I think that brings us to the end of our announcements for the evening, and as such, bring us into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] All right, let's bring this down. A little late, but thank you. I appreciate that. Last we left off, Vox Machina, in their trek to eventually hopefully seal and be rid of the threat of Vecna, the Whispered One, in his recently ascended godhood on the Prime Material Plane, found themselves traversing below the sub-ocean volcano, the Scaldseat, where they managed to water-breathe their way through a jug. They traversed the poisonous air within, and coming upon the Allhammer's Core Anvil, on which many artifacts of the Founding and beyond were forged. There, you fought with the forge guardian, who was left to see who has proven worthy to utilize its components. You defeated it, and in doing so, Percival, with the designs bestowed upon you from Ioun, and Grog, with the bestowed-upon knowledge of blacksmithing, took to the blacksmith tools and together managed to forge, barely successfully with a modicum of structural integrity, the three Prime Trammels, hopefully intended to destroy-- or at least seal off-- Vecna's influence on this plane. The trammels now complete, each glowing with the runes of each gifted deity power source. We have one that glows yellow across its runic outside, one that is a sky blue, and one that emanates a black shadow from its runes, representing each deity that bequeathed an element of their power unto these trammels. You then decided to have Scanlan drop his magnificent mansion and decide where your next journey was. As you all enter the mansion, preparing for an evening's rest or otherwise, we left off with you, now, away from the heat of the volcano, plotting your next directional path. So Vox Machina, what do you want to do? Surprisingly, though, due to the platinum's design, they're not as heavy as you expect them, whether it'd be the enchantment or the material that it was made from. They're still heavy for you, Vex, because your strength is pretty shitty. Yes. The one that glows yellow, you feel a slight bit of kinship with the blessing you received from Pelor, the Dawnfather. The other two, you can differentiate being the sky blue color, probably with Ioun, the Knowing Mistress, and the black probably representing the Raven Queen. It's certainly very hot. The two of you descend the staircase into the subterranean war room, where there you see before you the giant sand pit that is currently adorned with multiple training dummies with armor and weapons. Strapped to them, magnificently pristine, based on how many times you destroyed and/or restructured the chamber, but there it lies before you. I forgot about that. As a procession of ghostly entities make their way from the far-off kitchen on the basement floor of Scanlan's magnificent mansion, they procure a number of glass bottles containing wine. It's just wine. You're not wrong. Goblets are placed across the tables. Drinks are poured and you all have within your grasp a fair nightcap, if you will, before you find rest for the evening. Go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. Scanlan, why don't you go ahead and make a perception check? A very strange display from Vax'ildan. However, your drink is available for you at the table. All right, so as you finish the drink, you blink your eyes. I'm going to ask you, Scanlan, who do you see first? Well, you have two that have dove off to the side. No, Keyleth is being shielded right now. The other people in the room right now are Percival, Vex, or Grog. So here's my question, Scanlan. First and foremost, let me pull up. Is there a saving throw? Right. How long does it last? All right. And I guess my question to you, Scanlan, is based on your journeys and travels across the lands of Tal'Dorei and beyond, how adventurous have you been in your various exploits? Then as you glance up into the beautiful eyes of the white-haired Master of Whitestone, his white locks gently curling at the tips from an afternoon of sweating amongst the heat of the volcano, his fingers gingerly caressing the outside of the goblet in which he's enjoyed his own wine. You find yourself impossibly attracted to your once ally, now direction of your affection. Continue. Yes. After this unique and unexpected display of overt affection, you find yourself sitting around a table amongst the mansion to discuss over your wine and confusion what plan of action to take next in your journey to take down the Whispered One, the Undying King. Scanlan, make a sleight of hand check. Yeah, you see him starting to make his fingers over towards your boy. "Learn from my mistakes." All right. As you emerge into the heated air of the sub-ocean volcano, you take a moment and concentrate and you can sense the direction and distance seems to be approximately the same. Make a perception check, I guess. 24. You take about five minutes or so to concentrate, and while the distance and direction is relatively the same, there is very faint movement. From where you are currently, which is in the volcano, it seems to be east and south of its previous location. All right. Finishing your wine, you all scatter to your various rooms throughout the mansion, prepare yourselves for an evening's rest. In the morning, journey to the cradle of civilization, Vasselheim. All right. You all find yourselves in your chambers. Anything else you wish to do before the evening comes to a close? Have you seen their gold pile? Make a stealth check. With a slight jostle, Vex'ahlia and Percival, you both pop one eye open and glance over as what you thought at first might be a small child crawling into your bed, scared of a midnight storm, instead find a magnificent, silk-adorned, familiar gnome trying to wedge himself between your bodies, which is impressive, based on the spooning position you're already in. All right. And that's a strength ability check? Is it a check or saving throw? That's the distinction now. With a rapid series of clicks, whirrs and grinding of metal, you watch as a metallic exoskeleton unwinds from the sphere, (clicking) wraps itself around your body. You find yourself suddenly bound and held in place, unable to shift, as these cold metal bars wrap around you like an exoskeleton. Make an insight check on this. Now that you're up close and definitely discerning his behavior. You get the sense that something's off and different, but you think it may be a practical joke or he's just trying to fuck with you. All right. You extend your hand. You complete the incantation under your breath and begrudgingly administer a Lesser Restoration spell onto his body. You watch as his gnomish form suddenly flashes with a brief burst of divine energy, and as it subsides, his eyes blink and stare back to Percival with the same longing lust that he had when he entered the room. All right. It unlatches itself and reforms into the iron ball that you carry at your side. Scanlan, as you fall the ground, clasping the floor with your hands and knees, breathing heavily, still the warmth subsiding from the slight touch that you received at Percival's fingertips. Based on the time you spent drinking, conversing, scattering to your rooms, getting dressed and making sure you were properly prepared for this endeavor, making your way through the tunnels stealthing in at this moment, it's right about now that the phial wears off. You're a ghost-white, bucket-headed gnome in a silk g-string. After some disconcerting conversation between the married couple and a shameful walk back to your own chambers, you eventually find yourself coming to rest for the evening. After a full night's sleep, you find yourself with your spells restored, your hit points restored, half your hit dice restored, and an embarrassing morning breakfast before you. As you all come down to a fine vegan breakfast meal there on the table, you all have conversation, start plotting and planning, and you hear the gentle footsteps of one slowly approaching Scanlan to the breakfast table. All right, so finishing your meals. What do you guys want to do? You're going to Vasselheim. How are you doing that? Okay. Make a perception check. Okay. Listening to your senses and focusing on the direction, still traveling. Still relatively slow pace, as far as the general distance, but it's making headway. It's traveled throughout the night a number of miles. Yeah, you gather that probably when they drove a bunch of yahoos out in the middle of the ocean to dive under a volcano in the ocean that they did not expect you to return. That's an arduous journey back to any possible tree. All right, so you Plane Shift to Vasselheim. As you guys encircle your hands once more, Keyleth, you focus on whereabouts in Vasselheim? All right. With that, you close your eyes. Beneath your breath, you recite the incantation. With that, you feel your body suddenly sucked into a dark void and thrust through the absence of space. And within a moment's time, before you can adjust to the sudden cold and dark vacuous void around you, your feet hit hard ground, your eyes focus again to the light, and you glance around and the center streets, not actually directly at the Trial Forge-- ooh, we got music, finally. In the streets around the Braving Grounds, you can see the smokestacks from the Trial Forge over the distance. You also notice that the sky above you is deep, dark gray clouds. It's as if there is a perpetual eclipse placed upon this ground. You look around in all directions, and you see this roiling gray cloud cluster that encompasses the entirety of the sky above you, which should be mid-morning or midday. It's blotted out by the storm-- rainfall is absent-- and you see flashes of light, occasionally framing strange shapes and clouds. Whether by illusion or by a trick of your mind, you swear you see shifting darkness and forms, images in the clouds giant faces silently screaming, hundreds of feet across, that extend and push out of the clouds and draw back into the sky. Massive hands that push against them, only to slowly recede moments later. You blink and they're gone, leaving you unsettled regardless and uncertain as to whether or not that was just you or if everyone can see this. As your focus shifts from the sky above, you look around and you can see Bastions are stationed all across the perimeter walls of Vasselheim. You see large ballistae mounted and armed as watchers scour the distant horizon on all sides looking for any sign of something in the distance making its way towards the city, based on the warning you previously gave. Unlit beacons sit at every major structure and juncture of the stone walls, awaiting the burning sign that an assault is spotted. Militia and armored guard move with haste to stations across the city quarters. You can feel the air of war permeating the streets. The streets are far emptier than you recall, the stragglers returning to their homes with carts full of rations, produce, and weapons. Fear grips their face as they pass by. You glance off to your left, and you can see a wiry old man in the corner, his tangled silver and blond hair bouncing with fervor, as he shouts out, "The reckoning of our opulence has come! The gods are "away and the price of our hubris comes to consume us." But no one's paying him mind. His tattered bones jangling his knees across each other, as he makes his way through the streets, his face a glance of utter despair. You notice an argument between two Bastions and a middle-aged bearded man who is painting a familiar symbol on his front door, not too far from where you stand. A five-year-old girl cries and clings to his leg. What do you do? Make a perception check. Glancing at this distance, you see a familiar and striking shape. It is a haphazardly drawn circle with dark, reddish purple paint and a small line and a pronged fork of four prongs painted up against this wall. The father figure. Sensing the distance of Vecna, he's still far to the northwest of here. But what was once a few hundred miles is now shortened, about two hundred or so, and getting lesser and lesser. As you make the shout, you see the soldiers are currently arguing with him. One says, "You "welcome this rubbish? Are you one of them kook believers?" And the father is angrily staring in his face and says, "You mind your business. I have no love for "this, but if these dreams are true, I must protect my family." They turn and look at you as you approach. The soldiers take a step back with a look of recognition across you as you step forward with your white dragon scale armor. They know not to approach and there is seemingly a sense of knowing who you are, at least from the legends that are told amongst the streets of Vasselheim. The father turns to you and seeing your lordly approach, and strong voice, immediately. "The nightmares I've "had, and I'm not the first. This symbol. It scares me, but if something comes like they say it is, I "must it let it know we have no quarrel. To leave my family be." "How do you know this?" Make a persuasion check, please. Okay, he looks at you for a moment, his eyes keen with fear, and his face. "You're certain of "this, my lady?" "Will you protect us, then?" He looks past you, the rest of your companions, all looking well-armed and definitely capable. Looks down and rubs the hair of his little girl, her sandy blonde hair curled up and a bit dirtied. Looking down from her gaze, up to you, he says, "Then I trust you." He takes the tattered paintbrush he was using and smears across the symbol, destroying it. (applause) He goes inside with his daughter. Before he closes the door "Thank you. Please, help." Pulls the rest of the cart in and closes the door behind with a slam. The two guards awkwardly look at each other and back to you. "Thank you." (laughter) Knowing the location, you're not that far from the Quadroads juncture between the different areas. You can go further towards the Trial Forge or back towards the center of where the Quadroads meets between that and where the Platinum Sanctuary and Platinum Dragon section is. There is the temple to Sarenrae, where you left Pike previously. What do you wish to do? Yeah. He seems to be scattered through the streets. He's maybe 60 feet away, still shouting obscenities and weird doom-saying prophecies. Okay. As he's shouting this time, "He will come! He will destroy us! You! He will destroy "you, too! I've seen it! I've seen it." "Good! Then save yourself! Run! Run far!" "In my mind. In my dreams. He comes. He says it's inevitable. The clouds, they come as the "first warning. The first seal broken. The sky has already left us. The sun is gone!" "Beware the Undying King!" And he goes to run off, away. He's running away. It's definitely an unnatural form of weather pattern. You get the sense that this is itself a minor miracle. Well, yeah. The sky that stretches beyond all sides of the horizon is of similar strange, roiling cloud doom. It's very similar, yeah. We're talking top of the tower, curling ink clouds out to each side, traveling with vast speed in almost all directions. You see no plain, single path in which they're traveling. They're emanating. One of them's rushing past. He has a cluster of spears under one arm. "Yes?" "There is no universal symbol. There are many symbols in Vasselheim. All the various "divinities that lie here have their own symbol." "Vasselheim is a divided and united city as one." He gives a strange glint of a glare towards your larger goliath friend. Right as he begins to squint, you hear a voice in the distance go, "Lieutenant, we need you!" "Right away." And he rushes off with spears under his arm. You make your way to the temple. You enter the interior, and you can see most everyone is in silent prayer. They're all either holding hands or clutching close their smaller kin, these renewed worshippers of the Everlight. Glancing around, you don't see Pike currently in the vicinity. All you see is one of the head priests, Coraline, who's currently off to the side is tending to a few of the folks from the interior. Coraline looks over and sees you guys enter. "Oh!" Rushes up to you. "I'm sorry, she's not "here, she went to the Platinum Sanctuary. Apparently, there's a discussion, a meeting of "some kind." "Right now. She left not but an hour ago." "Of course." (laughter) She rushes in and gives a few quick hugs. "Did it work? Did you do it?" "Good. Things are a bit tense." And as she turns, you see now at the back of the council, towering over most others and without armed support stands the dark-skinned, beautiful J'mon Sa Ord, their simple clothing swathed in a loose hanging robe of gold and sky blue. J'mon's smoldering pupils shift in your direction, and they give you a nod of respect. The discussions halt as you approach, recognition also falling across the room. At which point, the Highbearer Vord turns to you saying, "Vox Machina, with a gift of timing. Have you anything to aid in this crisis?" "Then please, take the center of the chambers. I believe everyone here could use some "form of good news." He steps back, and as the rest of the guards empty, they open the central space of the chamber for you to approach. "We have only taken a bit from what your companion here, Pike of the Everlight, has said. "You went off to a volcano?" "You defeated a volcano?" As he begins to speak, immediately the High Hierophant Ophera steps forward. "Yes, the dreams "have spread. We've seen and spoken with the clerics all across this land, and it seems that a "new force has shoved its way amongst the rest of the pantheon, though apparently closer." At that, when you say, "he's on his way here," you watch as Groon steps forward, arms still crossed. "How do you know he's coming?" At which point two of the maidens behind you say in unison together, "That he is, and the "visions we've seen, as well. The pretender god. His words, channeled through prayers, speak of a "new terror, a vile tyrant unchecked. Believe him. His words are that of our lady." And both of them step back once more. They said it in unison. Vord now speaks up from behind. "Good, then let us gather our resources. The esteemed J'mon Sa "Ord has agreed to lend aid and resources to our defense." At which point, J'mon speaks up. "This threat stretches beyond the borders of Issylra. The "clouds darken even our desert skies. If this specter of the Age of Arcanum has indeed ascended, "as the clerics here are convinced, then it is a threat that we of Ank'Harel cannot ignore." Vord then turns his head frustratingly to the east and says, "And King Bertrand Dwendal has declined "aid, claiming that until this rumored scourge arrives on Dwendalian soil, it is of no interest "to the crown of Wildemount. No resources can be spared chasing whispers. We have sent out scouting "parties, however. As you've said, this threat seems to be coming from the northwest, last you "came through. And wyvern riders are seeking the location of this Thar Amphala." At which point, there's a flash of blue arcane energy in the back of the room. Everyone turns; the guards have their weapons drawn out ready. And you spin to see a familiar blonde-haired mage with braids on the side-- (cheering) "It, in the past 12 hours or so, has stretched across the Ozmit Sea and now seeks to "consume as far as the east coast of Tal'Dorei. If this is what I believe it is, within the next "half-to-full day the entirety of Exandria will be under the shaded sky of Vecna." "Very well. Will you be there fighting with our armies, in the front line?" "I do not wish to fight him where he expects it. As we are a city that has prided itself on its "impenetrable defenses, I can guarantee you that this entity has seemingly procured, or cleverly "divined, some way of breaching. I gather he would expect less us bringing it to him. We hoped to "have information on the whereabouts of this city directly. What else do we have?" "What do you mean?" He looks out amongst the rest of the crowd that has gathered here in the center inner sanctum. "Her words speak true. If he's indeed seeking to undermine the worship of this city, and "as such break the defenses of our great creators, then we need whatever strength your temples have "here, calming the people of Vasselheim and beyond. If you think he sees all--" At this point, you watch as Vord steps forward, fiddling with one finger. "Long ago, this "grand temple nearly fell to the prying minds of terrible mages. This here," and he pulls a ring from his finger, "is called the Band of Shrouds, a powerful implement of the Highbearer to shunt "these prying magics aside. I lend it to you for the coming struggle." And he passes it over to Vex'ahlia. "Kept close enough to the one who wears this ring, I doubt even his newly born eyes could "pierce it. However, it can only affect those nearby, so if you are to strike, perhaps it's best "you do so away from his vision, and we distract." Everyone in the room takes a few steps closer to you. (laughter) At which point the doors in the back of the chamber burst open once more, and you watch as two armored figures come rushing up out of breath. (panting) You see as these two wyvern riders, recognizing their armor with the horns and the large dragon-like build of their armor and headpiece, looking damaged and splashed with crimson, come charging in. One of them, the helmet is removed and you see a young man shouting through his wounded breaths. "Highbearer! Rider "Ephatus, with Rider Marley, returning from beyond Moldire and the Tordusk pass. We found the Dark City." Everyone immediately begins to mutter beneath their breath. The voices begin to rise as the Highbearer puts his hand out to hush them. "It lies within a valley a few miles into the Zenwick "Mountains. Our team attempted to infiltrate, but an unseeable barrier protects the city grounds "from all sides. We found ourselves overrun by errant magics and winged beasts of shadow and "hunger. Only Marley and myself survived. We were only a scouting regiment!" At which point, the High Hierophant steps forward. "Zenwick, of all places. Curious indeed." The Highbearer turns again. "Very well, if this is true, we must mobilize our forces very quickly." Groon steps forward once more. "We can push our ground troops along the Glasswalk Road, towards "the range." Allura steps forward to join the conversation. "If we can choose some elite select numbers for an "onsite assault, I can transport them." At which point the Curator Curtis steps in. "You'll do nothing of the kind! It is arcane "perversions that enabled this madman, and we will not allow--" Ophera steps forward, putting her hand in front of his face now, saying, "We have druids who are "familiar with the woods surrounding the base of the Zenwick Mountains. We could transport you to "those trees, a number of you, for an initial assault while the rest of our ground forces "assemble northward." At which point, the wounded rider speaks up, loudly. "I am not done! My apologies. Only Marley "and myself survived with one of our wyverns. As we fled over the nearest mountaintop as fast as we "could, Marley saw--" And the other one takes her helmet off, and you can see caked with blood, one eye swollen shut and a giant wound across the face. "I saw the city move, part of it. It moved, I swear it. I heard a "rumble over the winds, looked past and back over our shoulders, and I saw the city begin to rise." Silence takes the room. I would like any of you with a fair amount of history to make a history check. If you feel confident in your ability to understand history. I would say putting it this way, those who have researched the lands that would probably be Percival and Scanlan. 27? Okay! I'll make part of this a whisper. There are two places in the Zenwick Mountains that would be of any interest, or historical lore-based elements. There is the Crypts of Thomara it's a subterranean vault city, built around a precious metal vein cluster by the xenophobic dwarven Thomara clan in the early years of the Age of Arcana. It's said a terrible madness fed into their greed, leading to eventual cannibalism and collapse of the society thousands of years ago. It's now considered cursed and is largely avoided. The other location is known as the Silted Veil, a small, cold valley within the mountains that is comprised of ice-dusted, mineral-rich mud that was once rumored to carry natural healing properties when applied to wounds and restorative elements to aged skin. However, a large variety of dangerous creatures also discovered these features over time and moved into the valley, taking over and establishing a new violent ecosystem based around the soothing muck. Scanlan. AUDIENCE At this information, Vord nods. "Well, all forces on high for impending attack here, wyvern "riders and air units, we need eyes on the Tordusk Pass, in case the city is indeed moving as they "say. The High Hierophant will aid in transporting advanced scouts to the base of the Zenwicks. We "would wish you be part of this if you are willing and able. Gathering information and seeking "weakness to exploit are the key. Vox Machina, you are our focused stealth strike force into Thar "Amphala." "If you indeed carry the boons that your lady Pike has mentioned, then we need to keep Vecna and his force occupied to grant you entry. And we can do that. I certainly hope with the strength of our numbers that there is no way that he can see them coming. From the distant end of the central chamber here, a familiar voice echoes throughout the hallway. "Oh, but I do, wyrm groveler." You haven't attuned to it yet. And with that, we're going to go ahead and take our break. (cheering) We'll take our break here. We'll return at that moment here in a number of minutes. You'll know when the lights start going. We'll have people out there who'll let you know. It won't be too terribly long, we need to get a bathroom break and stuff. Anyway, be back here in a little bit, guys, we'll see you for the next portion of our journey this evening. [break] Are we up and running? Are we on the internet? Yeah. (cheering) That'll do! All righty, looking in the back booth, are we good? Are we online? Perfect. Welcome back, everyone. So as the inner sanctum chambers of the Platinum Sanctuary stood silent at the recent arrival of the vision of Vecna, hovering but two feet off the ground in all his lich-like glory. His toothy grin is immense, threatening to crack the sides of his face. As gasps fill the chamber, armored warriors thrust spear and blade towards his illusory body, arrows and spells passing through harmlessly and clattering, and splashing, exploding against distant pillars across the room. The smoke subsides and he stands there untouched. "Quite the tea party you've gathered here, Vord. I "suppose celebration is in order. After all, you missed my re-birthday. I have something to show "you that I'm quite excited about. Don't rush the surprise, friends. I'll bring it to you; do not "fret. You're all gathered here in one place. It would be a perfect place for an ambush, wouldn't "you say? But where's the fun in that, when there are so many less-protected loved ones to send my "shadows to? "Your daughter Desir, Earthbreaker, trains alone at the Bozon Caves. An easy target. Vord of the "Platinum Dragon, your family lies behind the double-sealed doors of your estate. I know of your "secret cellar entrance. The great protector of Marquet's jewel is away, and your studious "concubines are left without their guard. Not to mention all of Whitestone, or Cassandra. Young "Velora Vessar now plays with her owlbear doll, all alone in her room." At this point, Allura shouts at the top of her lungs, "That's enough!" And with a wave of her hand, dispels the illusion with a flash of energy, causing it to fade, leaving only the lingering omnipresent sound of Vecna's chilling chuckle. (chuckles) Then silence takes the room. "It does." (laughter) "I was gifting it to you, I didn't realize he was going to show up in my sanctum!" Ophera steps forward. "It's a distraction, a bluff. We're close, and he knows it." Vord then turns to her and says, "I will not abandon my family. Vecna knows too much, we have "no more time. Those who are primed for assault, it begins now. Vox Machina, how do you wish to "proceed?" "Yes." (laughter) As you take a moment and rest, the rest of the individuals there begin to talk amongst themselves. The other leaders begin to set their clerics and warriors, sending out orders to the various temples across all of Vasselheim and beyond to prepare themselves, some for the defense of the city, and some to make their way northward to wherever Thar Amphala will be found, head on. While this happens, and you're currently attuning to this ring-- Okay, you're removing the Bracers of Archery and you're attuning to the ring. That's two less damage on your ranged attacks. The ring card is in my hotel room, but you will have it next week. But essentially what it does, while it's attuned to you and on you, within 60 feet of you at all times, divination magic is inert and cancelled. It is called the Band of Shrouds. Even getting my sheets printed out for this game has been a whole ordeal. Thank you, Dani! As this is happening and you guys are amongst yourselves figuring out what to do, and the rest of the crowd is murmuring, you hear the footfalls, another, another, another, the approach of J'mon Sa Ord. "My warriors defend this city, but my strength also lies in the front lines. If a "distraction is what you need to succeed, there are few things as distracting as a shining dragon. I "will fly with the wyverns once Vox Machina has been delivered, and the delivery shall be upon the "wings I bear, if you'll have me." (cheering) And they give a bow and a nod. Not yet, no. The rest of the people are gathering about. You guys are, for the moment, focused inward. Pike's there with you. There is a tension being passed around, but right now they're letting you strategize before you bring what you have to the table. Right now, they have nothing until you have a strategy. "Do not worry, Grog. Be patient. I think there is more to their words than you are-- sit "down." For the sake of brevity, as everyone is cautiously waiting for the ring's attunement, eventually you feel the energy click as the ring has been slipped on for this time. You feel this slight shimmer of cold wash through your body and extend outward. At which point, you know the ring has finally been attuned. Veil. It's a Veil. There's an entire ecosystem of very dangerous monstrosities that exist there, which means there are living and dead. An elephant graveyard of various aberrations and terrible creatures. "Yeah?" "I'm afraid for my people there, but I feel I can probably send myself with you like I have in "the past." "I feel bad abandoning everyone that I've brought to the temple." "That's what I was thinking of doing." Make a persuasion check. 13? I'll tell you what, if you're so eager to bring Pike along, and Ashley can't play, do you guys want to jaeger her? Because I don't want to. We'll find out. The dungeon master will remember that. Pike's, "Well, I mean, I'll come with you if that's all right? If we're going to this, we need to do "this together. I trust the city guard. And if it gets real bad, you'll take us back, right, "Keyleth?" "If it gets real bad, you'll take us back, right?" "Then let's do it!" And she puts her hand out towards Grog. It looks like most of the sanctum is now dissipating and heading out towards the front of the temple and going about some sort of structured exit to prepare for this assault. As she's standing by, walking with Kima, they're in a heated discussion with a member of the Paramours of the Quadroads. She turns. "Vax'ildan, yes. It's good to see you." "What do you perceive as the weaknesses you suffered in that previous battle?" "What do you perceive are the weaknesses that you suffered in that previous battle?" "There are ways to make sure those bindings don't hold you still. There are magics that can "prevent that. And if your enemy is as strong a magic user as I know, he will use distance to his "advantage. Close that distance and make it your advantage. I know not quite what he's capable of "in his new ascended form, and that scares me. But strike quickly, strike true. Everything you've "got, work together. Communicate. And anything you can do to allow yourself preparation, and the jump "on this fray, do it. That ring that Vord gave you, that'll be a boon enough. If you can catch him off "guard, that might mean everything." "Certainly, there are a few in your midst that you can utilize. There's a spell called "Freedom of Movement that can prevent being held or paralyzed in that way." "Completely understood." "I'd like to come with you, but currently with everything going on, let's be honest, if I'm "not there amongst the council, it's going to tear itself apart. The sky as it is, the people of Emon "are threatening all sorts of insanity. I'm sure you've seen shades of it here in a city which "has faith. I myself am not completely absolved of the dreams that haunt many others. I'll be "doing what I can to pay attention, but do note that ring also prevents me from seeing in on you, "and I have to look out for Emon. Me and my lady both." She turns over to Kima, who is currently in the process of getting into an argument with a wyvern rider. You see her going, "Oh, come on. I can ride, too!" "Have you ever ridden a wyvern?" "No! But I haven't met a wyvern I can't stare down!" Wyvern rider turns around and chuckles and gets tripped immediately onto his face, the crush of metal on the banks and he spins over and she, (harrumphs). Spins around and joins Allura's side and goes, "I never really liked this place. Bunch "of pricks. Good to see you guys." "Oh, nowhere near enough. That's okay. You come back, and you and me will have a tussle." "Don't be all doom and gloom, all right? That's a promise. Stay alive." TRAVIS, LAURA, and She looks up, and Allura looks down at her and rubs the top of her head for a second. Kima pulls away. "Come back safe, okay? I'm going to hold you to that." And you see there's a moment of her (sniffles), and she spins around not wanting to show any weakness or emotion. Allura looks back and watches her turn away and goes, "You'll make it through this. I've seen you "do great things." "And you'll succeed. You have to. You have many at your back. Look." And she puts her hand out and you can see now there's at least over 100 wyvern riders, all scattered amongst the various mountain outcroppings that are all getting on top of their great winged beasts that are fully armored with wyvern barding and armor. They're taking off in clusters and circling. "They're all "counting on you. They're going to make sure that you have the opportunity you have, to put those to "good use." And she glances off to the side of your pouch, closed as it is. "Come back." She turns around to go and join Kima. She stops and turns. "I'll do that. I owe him a visit, anyway." "I'll ask." "I will, and I'm sure he does as well. Take care. Be safe. Come back." She turns and walks away. You gather by the nature of their enchantment and the size of it, you can't cluster them together like darts and jam them into the board at once. It's possible. There have to be breaks in the avatar form for them to pierce. There have to be breaks, wounds, visible cracks in the veneer of the avatar for the actual trammels to pierce. That's going to be quite a while, that's weeks and weeks and weeks. That's a downtime activity. From what you understand there was no specification of that. It was more the fusing of the divine energy within the trammels' creation grants it with the power. The means of delivering it doesn't seem to be as important. It's javelin-like; it could be thrown. They're somewhat aerodynamic by nature. Once again, you can certainly try. Pike says, "I can also do it." "It lasts for an hour." "Death Ward? Yes! They're both 4th-level, though." As you begin to descend down the stairs on the outskirts of the mountainside, you can see the wyvern riders have now gathered into two large units, and in the distance, shrieks of wyvern calls begin to echo through the mountain range. They all begin to swoop towards the Abundant Terrace. You guys follow suit? All right, as you make your way to the Abundant Terrace on the outskirts of the Birthheart, there are the orchards, the large clusters of trees that you have traveled to and from before when travelling to and from Vasselheim at Keyleth's behest. And there you can see a number of the high priest druids of Melora have all gathered around the High Hierophant, and they're preparing means of transport for all the troops, wyverns included, to those that are going to make it as part of this initial front-line assault. As you guys approach and watch, you see as other generals and such begin to gather their army units. They begin to discuss orders, and a number of them in the middle of this refer over to you guys. You can see there's definitely direction being given in regards to you guys. Someone wants to stop their alarm? Oh, there's an actual alarm on the stage. It's not flashing. Thank you, Taliesin. (cheering) As you approach, Ophera steps up. "It would be my honor to grant you passage to the base of "the mountain range. I believe your other companion is approaching soon, as well." And she looks over past your shoulder as you glance and you see J'mon Sa Ord approaching. Within their arms is a small leather chest, a container of some kind. J'mon steps up and places it before you, pulls it back and backs away with a brandishing presentation. "May these potions keep you healthy." Within here, there are eight superior healing potions. And there's one extra. Yeah, because there are eight and you have seven in your party. "Be pleased." "Their business has not encroached upon the order that we maintain. Yet." (laughter) The smoldering pupils that they contain within their darkened eyes stare back at you with a curling smile. Ophera backs up and, putting her staff to one side, makes a large oval shape with her fingers as she mutters beneath her breath. You watch as one of the heavy, thick trunks of the nearest tree begins to tear and crack and pull inward. And there you see in a similar fashion to Keyleth's casting, though a little more visceral, an opening reveals itself and a doorway is opened, and she goes, "Quick! Now!" You all rush through, one after another, flanked at the end by J'mon. And as you all approach the opposite side of this portal, you emerge in a somewhat crowded forest of pine trees. Immediately, the northern air is colder, and you see drifting bits of snowfall softly coming through bits of the tree line above you. You turn around just in time to see the doorway close, and in the distance you see other doorways opening around you in different trees, and you watch as dozens upon dozens of wyvern riders and armored soldiers begin to emerge, one cluster after the next. You glance up and can briefly see the top northern crest of where the Zenwick Mountain pass is. Just past the canopy of the forest you're in, because you were sent to the very slim base of the Zenwick Mountains. You're within a forest. What do you want to do? Interestingly enough, southeast of where you are. I'd say it's probably close to four miles from where you are. And slowly moving away. They're both northwest of where you are, in the mountain range. He's passed over, it seems. Southeast. She rolls. To make a saving roll. Spell DC is? And that is a 22. (groaning) As your vision extends from you, it races through the darkness. You see dark clouds ahead. As it fires down, you look instantly within the streets of Thar Amphala. You see the cobblestone roads now cracked and broken, you see buildings appear to have sustained structural damage. You see roofs are partially collapsed. And walking down the street, strolling with a number of undead soldiers at its back, the black knight you battled before. As it struts through you watch as the towers and buildings (rumbling) shake. And shake again. And your vision returns. "Then there is no time to waste." You watch as J'mon Sa Ord's form shifts and giant brass wings extend in a flash of reddish-orange energy. The nearby trees bend and break at the sheer force of the dragon's magnitude, their form expanding to fill the recent vicinity of the forest, and with a large guttural roar, you see before you the brass dragon. You can do it while you're all climbing on the back. They're waiting patiently for you all to jump onto the back of the dragon form. With a slow, metallic, crinkling sound of brass dragon scales curling, the large head of J'mon Sa Ord's dragon form spins around to look you dead in the face, Keyleth. The same dark eyes with the smoldering, burning cores for pupils, the mouth opens and you can smell immediately the breath that has a very earthy, singed, burnt-wood scent to it. And the voice goes forth. "Very good, Keyleth. I found that quite inspiring." (cheering) And with that note, with one large push of their strong dragon wings, J'mon Sa Ord raises beyond the treeline up into the sky above, where you can see the clusters of wyvern riders have now also gathered to survey the territory. The first thing you notice, the southward wall, the tall, rocky landscape surrounding the fields of ice, dust, and grasses that fill this pass, you can see the mountain range seems to have suffered an immense amount of damage. A gargantuan fresh rockslide nearly a mile wide, now resting at the base of the northern mountain, you can see swallowing and burying some of the forest land. And as you glance southward into the Tordusk Pass, you can see mammoth holes in the ground, large craters of broken dirt and rock forced into dunes of mud and shale surrounding their outsides. The scars, pockmarks 200 feet across, carved into the terrain. I'd like everyone to make an intelligence check, please. Sure. Vex'ahlia? Yes. This is your intelligence modifier. 21, good. Vax? Keyleth? Right, to find out? 24? What you can tell from a nature check is that these are not natural formations in the ground. These are blunt trauma to the ground that has caused these large craters. Percival? Scanlan? Okay. Percival. And Keyleth. And Perc'ahlia. Not you Grog, sorry. You do notice, upon immediate view, that these large holes are patterned, staggered about every 350-400 feet. And they do almost present the gait of a walking creature. "It has been foreseen!" I've been working on my costume. Make a perception check. Okay. As you lift up to survey more territory, you manage to get a brief view over the edge of that mountain range. You do not see any of the gloomstalkers that you had previously faced near Thar Amphala. In the vicinity, there is only the wyvern riders and a few errant birds that normally take to the skies that are keeping a wide berth from your sudden emerging army that has joined you in the skies. You glance over this mountain range, and you look about. About two, three miles northward, you can see the same path of destruction has torn through these mountain ranges in a sinkhole, hundreds and hundreds of feet across that disappears into darkness. No, it's in the direction you guys were planning to travel. Yes, each one of these craters is roughly 150 or so feet across. 150 to 200 feet across, yeah. Sure. Based on your experience with various creatures that leave large tracks you've dealt with or hunted in your history with the Ashari, it's big. The legs generally are pretty thick for a creature of immense size because it has to support all that weight, but if each footfall, crater here is about 150, 200 feet wide, you can surmise the creature is hundreds of feet tall. Yes, right now it's large brass dragon wings (flapping). Yeah, Vecna's slowly traveling in that southeast direction. All right. With that, you hear the booming voice of J'mon once more, "Very well. Let us be "off." (whoosh) And goes into a fast-paced dive. You all grab a hold of nearby dragon scale and/or loose bits of fur there are as it drives into this huge dive, this gargantuan dragon. I assumed as such. TRAVIS and You see as the wyvern riders immediately take this action and begin to swoop and follow suit, as well, following behind them. At this point, you are the tip of the spear of this assault at this very moment. You begin to follow this pattern, cross the pass, heading south-southeast, heading over and through different mountain ranges. The higher you get, the wind gets a little more intense, and the cold begins to get more biting. And J'mon dips down a bit to avoid having to thrust you into this very dangerous stratosphere. The light in this area is very close to near dusk almost, with how much the sunlight is blotted out by the cloud cover that has completely consumed the skyline, from horizon to horizon, on all sides. "Thank you," you hear emanate from J'mon as the cloud cover tends to spread a little bit and give a little bit of a good view. You travel on for about 25, 30 or so minutes before Vex, Vax, and Keyleth, you glance around the bend of the pass that you've just begun to curve around, and you see it an impossibly immense entity, standing hundreds and hundreds of feet tall. A gigantic, bulky mass of jagged rock, slowly walking on two castle-width legs, each footfall sending a cloud-spray of earth into the air around it. (crashing) Quaking the surrounding lands with a terrifying crack and rumble. As the back leg lifts, sifting through the air, you can almost hear the air tear with a high-pitched whine, even at this distance, as its sheer mass and speed in which it's cutting through, breaking the atmosphere, slams down for its next step. (crashing) As you get a better view, the closer you get, it resembles the earth elemental form you've seen Keyleth take many times, only proportionally malformed, and terrifying on a scale you've never seen. Four colossal arms swing from its torso, battering rams of shifting stone, each over 150 feet wide. The closer you get, Grog, you sense a faint vibration in the Titanstone Knuckles. Not in particular. You clap, and it sounds booming, as it would. The closer you get, you sense this very faint vibration to them, as if proximity keys you in, and even your simple mind, Grog, can gather that these were crafted and made from whatever it is you see storming through that ravine. You sense the direction and distance of Vecna directly where this entity lies. I would like you to make a perception check, please. Perception check. Just him for now as he's focusing. You glance past as your proximity grows closer and closer. One, you notice that there are beehive-type activity around the top where its head would be. There is no massive head protruding, just the shoulder shelf where the top of it becomes these four arms, and it's faced away from you, facing the way it's traveling, its arms swinging wildly with each step, slowly. Its size is difficult for you to fathom at this distance. It seems so big yet so small. As you get closer, you can see these bee swarm-like clusters resemble creatures you saw in the Shadowfell not too long ago, and there atop the shelf of its gargantuan torso, you see a cityline resting atop of this entity. There lies a portion of Thar Amphala, moving with this gargantuan primordial earth titan, risen from below its long-held tomb. 1d4 plus one. You look back at Pike, who's clutching onto the back of J'mon Sa Ord. Seeing this, her face pale white, eyes wide. She's like, "I don't know." (weakly) "I'm a monster! It's also a monster!" (laughter) "I think that is a very sound plan. However," and as the dragon's head turns and looks ahead, you can see some of these clusters of gloomstalkers have broken away from the titan, swarming in your direction. You're about, I'd say, a mile and a half away from it and gaining, only because you're pushing at full speed. You're seeing now them breaking off into the clusters and you hear the distant (screeching). Fom what you can tell, make a-- Make a nature check. Not too bad! You haven't traversed this area of the north side of Issylra before, but gathering based on where you were, seeing the sinkhole, and the distance that Vax'ildan was giving you earlier, you imagine it's probably about 200 miles or so away from Vasselheim. It has a very wide gait with each step. Yeah! So you have time, but it's not 200 miles on normal person feet. Yeah, they're closing in, there's a short time before they reach you. Remember, at this traveling speed, any sort of smoke-based censer material is going to go right behind you like a flare. J'mon, you hear the voice rumble, "I can, but only myself. I could maybe affect a couple of you." "I could muster about four." (screeching) The cloud breaks ahead and you watch as two gloomstalkers come diving down towards the back of J'mon. Both of you guys, roll attacks. 28 hits. 25 hits, as well. Right, I figured that was the case. One of them gets shot with an arrow and as the impact hits, it shrieks but continues its dive. The second one gets shot by-- which weapon was it? With Animus. You watch as the detonation of the spray of black from the impact of the bullet hitting. As it shrieks, its wings buckle from underneath and it plummets about 30 or 40 feet or so and falls out of its dive. The one, however, is still diving and it's going to go for the one that shot it with its arrow. Natural two. That's going to be a 13. I'm pretty sure that doesn't hit you. As it attempts to dive past you, you duck out of the way, still nocking a secondary arrow. Its claws hits the back of the dragon scales. You hear the scrape of it going across the back, but having no effect on the hard, armored brass dragon's back. The gloomstalker then shrieks once more and takes back up into the clouds and vanishes. You can definitely attack it with daggers, if you'd like. That hits. No. Sorry. 12 damage. How much damage did you do? As it shrieks and vanishes back into the clouds above, you can see now the wyvern riders around are starting to charge in, as well. As you're rushing now, you're maybe three-quarters of a mile from the exterior of this giant earth titan. All right. You complete your incantation in time with J'mon, and the entirety of your party turns transparent and is now free from visual perspective. You did three? J'mon can do four. Well, Pike and J'mon would be eight. And with that, you all manage to disappear and go into a dive. As soon as you all vanish, which is interesting because you disappear, and suddenly your mount disappears, and all your friends disappear. So you're clutching on to what you hope is still dragon scales and fur as you look down and see clouds, ground, mountains, and eventual, plummeting death, were you not holding onto the back of the dragon. You can close your eyes. I will say, because the enchantment doesn't make you translucent, just invisible to the visual gaze, the interior of your eyelids would not be affected by it. Much like a Harry Potter invisibility cloak. You can still see the inside of the cloak somewhat. As you go into this dive, you can hear the clashing of wyvern against gloomstalker. You hear the yelps and the shrieks of two different bestial cries. You hear shouts of humanoid and elven voices shouting as spears are tossed, arrows are let loose, and this aerial fray begins. With that, you glance forward as the dragon comes out of a dive, J'mon leading you towards this gargantuan entity. You can hear the further volume, the (massive footsteps). Even slower than that, probably, based on the gait it has to walk and the speed it's going. It is like watching a mountain with legs move. As you approach, what do you do? You can make a perception check, guys. All of you. Eight, awesome. All right. Keyleth. You guys, at this distance, it's hard to make out details. But Keyleth, you rolled a 30, which according to 5th Edition is nearly impossible as a DC. So. You glance about and amongst the broken rock exterior of this behemoth entity, you can see towards the base of its right leg, towards the back, a faint trickle of water, like a waterfall of pee, probably. A trickling of a waterfall that's flowing from its back leg area and then dissipating as it plummets into the air. From the titan. Okay, so you point this out to J'mon? All right. You hear the dragon voice boom up once more. "Hold on!" Goes into an intense dive trying to bring-- because previously you were about level, if not a little higher than Thar Amphala on the top of the entity. J'mon goes into a dive towards the hip area that you point out. The wind is pushing past you. You're holding on for dear life because any possible loss of grip not only is going to loose you from the dragon, which is going to be hard to find you, as you're all invisible, depending on the dragon's abilities, I guess. But as you begin to push down into this dive, I want you all to make strength saving throws, please. In almost a poetic justice way, both Vax and Keyleth begin to lose their grip, and with a sequence of moments, they both get blown off the back of the brass dragon. You and Vax are currently now, no grip on any dragon. Roll an attack. With disadvantage, because she is invisible. What's your armor class, Keyleth? So you take 14 points of piercing damage. However, as soon as the pain hits you, it's immediately allayed by the impact of Vax's arms wrapping around you for dear life. You both are now tumbling and plummeting through the sky. Okay. The giant eagle form takes flight. As her wings extend, you realize you've been clutching on to the under down feathers. As soon as the form takes, you grasp hold and climb back onto the top of the giant eagle. With that, you both (whooshing). Now, here's an interesting question, because invisibility lasts until you do an attack or cast a spell. It's a magical ability, I'm going to say that because it's a natural effect, it will not affect the invisibility, especially because you're at a high enough druid level. Specifically, shape changing is your thing. So I'll say you skirt under what would reveal invisibility. You lose it, however, for attacking her. So now there's a Vax huddled on nothing, full-on Wonder Woman-style invisible jet, riding through the sky. So as you guys coast in, the rest of you hear J'mon go, "It appears we've lost some "passengers." "Very well." Continues into the dive. You guys are trailing behind at this point, but making your way down towards the hip region of this entity, following the direction that Keyleth gave at her spotting earlier. As you guys get closer and closer, you can see there is indeed a trickle of a waterfall that is dissipating, the wind is so strong that it gets maybe 25 or 30 feet down before it gets scattered into droplets. No, it is actually pretty clear water. You do also glance, as you get closer, it appears to be emerging from some sort of an opening, like a cavern entrance. So as you approach-- You do, but the flying man does not. So as the rest of you make it up towards the side, and the wind is strong here, you can hear the impact of each footfall, so deafening your eardrums almost shake and are in pain with each impact, the bass of each footfall is immense. But you do see, interestingly enough, there is the waterfall coming out of it. The waterfall is careening down a broken stone staircase. The opening is about 15 feet across and about ten feet wide. It looks like it was at some point attached, before this creature arose, to another series of tunnels or wherever else this dwarven stronghold, this series of vaults that were carved within this creature's body, extended beyond its torso. This is one of the breaking points. As you glance back, you can see your brother coasting down about a hundred or so feet away. You also watch as one of the large arms swings back. I need both of you guys to make dexterity saving throws. Actually, because you're riding Keyleth right now, it's going to be on the giant eagle form, because you're clutching it. It's just on you. It's hard to avoid a hundred-plus-foot-wide arm. As you see it coming? I'll say you have the time because it's so immense. That's not enough. You were one away. It's a 25 DC because this is a giant fucking arm! Both you and Vax-- I don't have the dice for this, so I'm going to have to use the app. You both suffer 87 points of bludgeoning damage as the force of a mountain slams into the side of your half-elf and eagle form. 87 points of bludgeoning damage, yes. Okay, any carryover damage, make sure to mark that. Unfortunately, because you were relying on her eagle maneuverability, no. Okay. The wings emerge as both of you begin to plummet at this point. Keyleth? As you're plummeting, Vax, I need you to roll a perception check. You guys are right now hovering by this and looking back. You watch this occur. You see Vax get smacked, fall, and then his wings shoot out. Vax, roll a perception check. With disadvantage. Strangely, you're able to see a slight shift in wind to give you a brief moment to see where Keyleth's invisible, plummeting body is. Yeah, because you haven't cast a spell or any attacks. So you manage to see this brief shimmer in space where the wind bends around her reverting form. You thrust downward with your wings. You grab her body and manage to carry. You can feel her invisible body below you as you bring it back up. All right. Another giant arm swings, but swings wide as it attempts to swing in the same place it did before. It does not seem to see the two of you quickly approach the proximity of its torso. You hear this (zooming) passing over you by about 30 or 40 feet. No, trying to go where you guys were. You still have a visual point on it, so you direct and tug Vax by the hair and ears in the direction of the path you saw. Yeah, basically. And there, on the edge, you can see J'mon Sa Ord there, wings flapping, as you guys rocket down and land right on the edge of the footsteps. There's about a five-foot gap where the water isn't rushing past. Okay. The waterfall stops and bends upward and is now being held. You guys have a row of steps ahead of you that are safe enough to land on right now. They're still slick with water, but there isn't a rushing waterfall pouring over them. You can see it ascends upward out of view. J'mon, they swoop down and the giant dragon claws (clattering) grapple onto the rock side of this large titan and leans forward, giving each of you the opportunity to jump a very short distance over to these steps. As each of you make this leap, J'mon disengages and flies up and says, "I "can only grant you so much, for I have many to watch out here as we distract he who resides "above. However, take this." As the dragon head descends, you see the eyes flare with energy as they cast Mass Cure Wounds. Ooh, two sixes and a seven, not bad. All right, 12, 19. That's going to be 28 hit points healed to both of you. "Be safe, and I'll see you on the other side." As you all stand on the precipice of this opening that falls off into a drop, hundreds of feet to the rocky ground below, you can smell the cold wind blowing through these caverns, emerging from this entrance you've found. As Keyleth holds back the flow of this river, you glance up the dark, rising stairs, deep into the body of the titan amongst the cursed vaults of this dwarven city, long abandoned, and begin your trek to eventually meet your final conflict with the Whispered One. That's where we're going to end tonight's game. (extended cheering) This is a little surreal. So just a reminder, guys, those of you who will be able to come to the signing tomorrow, we'll see you there. If you can come at least to pick up some Scanlan stickers, I think it'll be worth your while. I'm going to post some images of what they look like. I think you'll be happy. It's high time you got the fuck out and went to sleep. Thank you guys so much for joining us. Sorry, trigger warning on that question. Oh, the signing is at 230, looks like, begins at 230. Yeah, ticket says 300? (singing) My schedule is wrong! (speaking) Pay attention to Geek and Sundry's Twitter for announcements. Anyway, thank you so much for coming. Hope you had fun. We had a great time. (cheering) You don't know what you've done.