Hello and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer, the Dungeon Master and the person unable to find a barber who understands "leave it long." (laughter) It's okay. But anyway, welcome. Before we dive into tonight's episode, in which we have our fantastic Scanlan Shorthalt. "Scanlan Sharthard" would be a much more apt name. Here via satellite. Hi, Sam. Glad you could join us. (singing) No one watching is old enough to know what that thing is. Yeah, a few people do. And thank you. I know. All right, so first and foremost, let me get through our announcements real fast. Let's see. We have very few tickets left for the live show at GenCon, which we're excited for next week, guys; it's going to be a lot of fun. We're excited to meet everybody at GenCon. We have our campaign guide debuting there physically at the booth. We have a panel, we have a bunch of fun stuff coming up, so excited to see you guys out there. Let's see. Merch-wise. Laura. "Hello, Tal'Doreians, and we have an exciting new product that we want to share with "you today on Gilmore's Glorious QVC. What you see here is a beautiful Major Arcana Tarot Deck "featuring some of the most prominent figures of who's-who in picturesque Tal'Dorei. "Painted by the brilliant Lady Ioana Muresan, printed on the finest cardstock parchment with "glittering gold foil, imported from the mines of Kraghammer. This is truly a showstopper for any "high society soiree. You're not just telling their fortunes, you're bedazzling their future. "Now, today we're offering this beautiful purple and gold deluxe edition as well as-- that's it, "actually. I wouldn't offer any other than the finest edition at my store. The going market "retail price is four platinum or 40 gold pieces or 400 silver pieces or 4,000 copper pieces, but "today we are giving you the special Gilmore's Glorious QVC value of-- Sherri, no, we're still "filming those. Please, you're getting them all smudgy!" (beep) That new card smell. The gold gilding at the sides is so cool. Gilmore's Glorious Gold Gilding. As a person who enjoys collecting cool major arcana, this makes me so happy. Thank you, Ioana Muresan. Your work is amazing. All righty. Critical Role podcast up to episode 30 is available. We're working tight on the next batch of ten. Will have announcements very soon for that. Let's see. People who are Alpha users, we have all the back episodes of Critical Role, all the way up from one to 107 available on Alpha. They retroactively added all the bells and whistles, HP trackers, all that fun stuff, conditions, all the little fun things for the entire show. They just finished it. So you have that waiting for you if you ever wanted to binge again. That's okay. Let's see. Do we have a Talks Machina next week? Yes. So we have Talks Machina at 700pm next Tuesday, Pacific. We have Brian Foster, who will be returning for the glory. And then I think that's it. I think that's all of our announcements for the evening. That being the case, let's go ahead and pull ourselves in this evening to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] Okay, so we'll put you there. Oh god. Here you go. Grog was by the smelter. So you'd be over in this area. Fair enough. So you'd probably be about-- Most likely one of the ones that was not attended by another member of the party. So we'll say about here. And Scanlan, whereabouts were you? Near the door? So we'll put you over in this one here. Yeah, each one of them, as opposed to the other warriors you saw in the chambers that led down into this area, have no faces. Instead where you see are an empty void triangular like the large seal, but vacuous. Which is a good thing. But regardless, I would like you all to roll initiative. The seal is a little bit higher than where their heads are. All right, so 25 to 20. 20 to 15? All right, so we have Grog. 15 to ten? All righty. Keyleth, what'd you get? Well, that being the case. As these large metallic warriors are emerging from the sides of the chamber, wrenching the large metal blades, these large rectangular almost slab-like swords, bladed on each side, Vex, you're up first. What are you doing? Constructs. All right, yeah, so you do actually pull back the arrow and it strikes true. However, the armored plating is so strong that the arrow shatters across the front of its armored chest. All right, second shot. 21 hits. 24 points of damage. All righty. And are you going to stay wherever you are, or do you want to move? The ceiling is about 30 feet up. 25 to 30 feet. Okay. You're going to go all the way up to the roof? Okay. Thank you for the heads-up on that. All righty. So ending your turn, that brings us to Vax. If you back up a little bit? You are currently engaged with him. Yeah. You were inspecting it as he emerged. All righty. If you haven't been marking that, yeah. You should do that. 30 for both hits? Correct. So both hit. Plus another d6. Yeah, whenever you hit it with a weapon. All right. So what's that second one you said? Five? All right. Got it. That's correct. There you go. 11. Boom. All righty. And you're going to stay put, or you're going to move somewhere? Okay. All righty. So you're also just about at the ceiling with her. As you shoot up and away, it strikes up quickly after your daggers have been carving into its armor. Its blade comes up in a wide arc against you. That is an 18 plus 12. 30. All righty. You do, yeah. 32 points of slashing damage as the blade rakes across the front of your chest and forces you back even further. Your shoulders end up slamming into the ceiling from the impact of both you retracting back and the blow itself. Your wings have to catch you for a second and you're keeping yourself elevated at the moment. Finishing your turn there. That brings us to Grog. All right. Into a rage you go. This one here on its own? Up into his face you go. That hits. Roll damage. Damage? All right. Okay. 34 minus five? Nice, that hits! 31 points of damage. Fantastic. All righty. Ending Grog's turn there. Percival? Currently, yes. You technically triggered it. It's seemingly aware of your presence. In fact, the moment you say that, you watch as the metallic head goes (creak) and looks up right to you, that creepy triangular void staring right at you. This way, to the corner? That's about as far as you can get on that wall. So at that point you'll be about there. All righty. It does swing at you. 19. 19's your AC? 34 points of slashing damage. Which almost cleaves you off the wall. As you're running along the wall, it hits you from behind and for a second you feel the urge to black out and you fight through it and keep running. You can feel the warm spreading on the back of your shoulder blades from the blow, and you careen around that corner and stop, spinning to survey the room. What are you doing? That hits. Okay. That is a 13. Its sword clangs to the ground as you fire. You see one of its fingers is bent back and busted from the impact and it looks over for a second. You watch as its broken finger (clicks) snaps back into place and it looks back at you. Got you. And which weapon's this? Got it. Perfect. All right, so (boom) the finger curls back and breaks into place. Well, strength ability checks. 20 just barely hits. Okay. So the second one you watch as one of its armored shoulder plates dents inward from the impact, and there's a small pierced hole in the center where it seems to have blasted through its armor. Okay. Yeah. Correct. All righty, that ends your turn? All right, it is now their turn. So the one that you just blasted back, as it skids to a halt, almost slams against the wall, it looks over at you across the way and then looks around and surveys the room quickly with its strange triangular vapid lack-of-a-face. Glances up and sees Vex'ahlia on the broom above. Goes into a full leap to push with its feet off the wall and attempt to grab towards you in the middle of the air. It's half the size of the room, practically, in height. So I'm making this a grapple check, so roll either acrobatics or athletics. No. 34. (groaning) You suffer 19 points of bludgeoning damage from the impact. And then ten points of fire damage from being slammed into the coals. You are considered on fire. You need to take an action to put it out or you take 1d10 damage every turn. However, its sword-- and I'll go ahead and use this as a marker-- the sword is on the ground right there. So it can't use that right now. The other two can! So this one over there that got shot by you and flew away, as it arcs up, it's starting to look around to see if it can gain any real intent to go towards you and then glances off to the side and instead sees the smaller targets, the softer, easier-to-get-to druid and gnome. Turns to engage both of you. It's going to stop partway through there, and it's going to go right up there. You watch as underneath the head, the armor part in the chest suddenly hinges open, and you see this bright burning furnace in the center of its chest that (boom) lets out this extremely white-hot burning angry torrent of flame. You can, if you'd like. It can reduce damage. Because Cutting Words can reduce damage on an attack. Well, it's going to hit regardless. You guys have to make saving throws. It would be about there. Get all of you, including the other guy. You do not get disadvantage on saving throws, so you can still continue to roll. I need Scanlan and Keyleth and Vex to all make dexterity saving throws, please. What's on the other side of the poop? What's next to the poop? What other numbers are near it? No, that's a one. Two ones on that! Yeah, so Keyleth and Scanlan, you both from the chest furnace take 38 point of fire damage as it burns out in front of it. You take half that. It's 19 points of fire damage to you. And the flames burn across the other armored individual, the giant construct, and you watch as some of its damaged form begins to seal up from the flames. So that's going to end its turn. The chest slams shut now and the flames retract back inside, and you watch it exhaust smoke out each sides of its armor, and the flames that you saw burning in there are now dimmed, but beginning to flare up again. The one that's by you, Grog, is going to go ahead and move adjacently. Its head spins around for a second to look up at you and then it spins back to you, it's going to make two strikes at you with its greatsword. It has advantage on you because you used reckless. All right. That is 31. That is 30. No, that's two attacks. Okay. So for these, 33 points of slashing damage, reduced to half. So that's 16? Right? Yeah. Well it's 33 divided by two. And then the other one is another 34. So there you go. Round down, so 16 points of slashing damage. So that's going to end its turn there. All right, bringing us to Scanlan. Your turn. It is. It's about 25 feet from you. Okay. Okay, so you can move Bigby's Hand. I'll see how many feet it can move, because it'll pick up the sword, I don't know if it can-- It can move 60 feet? Okay then! Then yes, it definitely can. It darts over to the guy who hit you with the flames, so go ahead and make your attack. I'll say for the purposes of this, I'll add an additional d12 slashing damage to its strike. 18 to roll for its attack, plus your spell attack, so that definitely hits. I'm making it a clenched fist attack, so it's 4d8 force damage from adding an additional d12 slashing because it's wielding a sword while it does it, because that's cool. 4d8 plus 1d12. Plus you have to roll a d12. Okay. 24 points of damage to him. All right, perfect. So the fist comes by and slams into it. The sword arcs through its armor and you watch some of the plates separate a bit, but it's still holding itself in place. That's your action? Take a d12 "chorge" die. All right. And do you want to move at all? You're not currently in melee with a guy yet, but you're on the outside of melee with two guys. All right, so you're going to move back up the stairs a bit, then. You'll be here. That ends your turn, Scanlan. Keyleth, you're up. Pull this up real fast. You can do it in a way that would probably hit both of them, but it would probably hit her, as well. All right, so it slams across them. All right, dexterity saving throw for Vex and both of them. (laughs) 18 and a nine. You do. Knocked prone, knocked prone. Okay yeah, so you take the full damage, as well, but you are no longer on fire. No, but the coals are no longer burning, so it's not a huge deal, at least that edge of it isn't. So as this giant column of flame roars up, you watch as one of the constructs disappears into the water and gets slammed into the wall, (sloshing) over the coals, temporarily douses you, flames go out but you get battered around briefly by the other guy behind you, both of your forms crash into each other. He falls onto his back and as the water subsides steam fills the room now, visibility is now limited. Yeah. Everybody in here for the most part, unless you're directly in melee range, you're at partial cover. Yeah, it only lasts a round or so, then it'll dissipate. But for the next round or so there's partial cover for anybody not directly in melee. Yeah. Against them and you. Are you going to stay where you are? All right, that ends your turn. We're at the top, Vex, you're up. Yeah. That'll do. Yeah. Perfect. All righty. That ends your turn. Vex, now it's your turn. You get up, (groans). The flames are gone. You're still aching from being slammed so heavily into the coals there and you can look down, you can see beneath the water that has turned to steam and is dissipating on the middle of the hot metal floors of this room. The construct is still thrashing and about to get its way back up. What are you doing? Oh yeah, he's right there. You're at disadvantage both because prone and you guys are in melee. You can back up if you want to to try, I mean unfortunately because he's on the ground and it's a ranged weapon, it's still disadvantage. It's nothing to do with the weapon, it's the fact that he's on the ground, prone. He can take a swing at you, but it'll be his fists. So you're back up towards the stairway there. It does get one swing at you, no he already got-- no, because your turn is before his, so he does have his reaction. So he swings out with a fist at you, that is a 21. Okay. Well, what are your Cutting Words to him? Very nice. Go ahead and roll a d12. Yeah, that brings him down to an 18. As the fist swings wide, the words seem to strangely cut through to what element of an ego this charisma-one creature has and slams into the metal, causing this large, heavy knuckle punch to the ground as it resounds with this heavy (clang) that shakes the ground. Vex, you manage to move by without issue. Go for it. Two attacks with disadvantage. Actually, it's an interesting point, the prone. An attack roll against the creature has advantage if the attacker is within five feet of the creature. Possibly. It's still ranged; you'd be at disadvantage for ranged in melee, so would have been a regular attack. 19 just misses. Hits the armor, (crash) shatters across it. Is that your turn? All right. Vax. Sure, go ahead and roll a stealth check. Okay. 33 hits. 28 hits. Total damage? All right, so as you slam down the first strike, you jam it right into the chest, and as you pull back the blade you watch as one of the chest armor pieces flips open and the flames, the furnace of its chest that are starting to burn in again begin to fill with the water from the water elemental, and more steam emerges from it. As it's starting to feel the furnace burn out, you reach in with your dagger and find a cool spot and jam it right in the middle where you see one of the embers is the brightest and as your hand goes in and strikes it, the ember goes dark and immediately the creature falls limp there. What's the range on it? Yeah, it's like punching a fire hydrant. All right, so you're going to head over this way. Right, but this also is a small area, so between here, it's almost 30 feet there and then 30 feet up, so you'd probably be closer to here. Yeah, there you go. That ends your turn. Grog, you're up. And remember this round, don't forget your retaliation ability. You forget it a lot. To the damage, but you still have to roll to hit first. 25 hits, yeah. 41 points of damage to it! Correct. He actually got a 15, and your DC for your abilities-- do you have that figured out? You should have that figured out. It's eight plus your strength modifier plus your proficiency bonus. You're way over. So six plus eight. It's 14 plus your strength bonus, which is I believe eight, yeah. No, not 26, it's 14 plus eight. Yeah. Sure. So with that, first you knock it prone onto the ground, tripping out from under itself as you sweep across its legs, you watch as one of the pauldrons that's built into its leg splinters off, and you can see the inner mechanisms of the construct's leg. What do you want to do for your second attack? 20 just barely hits. You're in melee, too, so the reduce his ability doesn't really affect you since you're right up against him. How much was that damage total? 27 points. Okay. As you swipe it from under the ground and it falls onto its back, it slams, hits the ground with a hard metallic (clang). Using that momentum you swing back, (wham) and slam down on top of its chest, which caves in briefly, you can see bits of the flame of the interior furnace flickering around the edges where the metal's now crinkled inward, exposing the burning flame. Is that your turn? 29 hits. Roll damage. You have two more attacks with your action surge. 31 hits. 31 was the damage?! Okay, so as you pull your weapon up from that first impact, seeing the damage it's done, you grin and you feel the veins bulge once more in your neck and you bring it up a third time for this one, slamming it down, the chest caves in entirely and you watch it fall limp as its arms detach and fall to the side. It's done. You still have one more attack, and you haven't moved. (laughter) Okay! Yeah, that hits. Yeah. All righty. That ends your turn, Grog. That brings us to Percival. 27 hits. That hits. (groaning) Just let me know what magical items you need me to re-print out for you. Okay. That hits, yeah. Okay. So after Grog rushed up and slammed in this one's chest, he pulls back and actually pulls the armored chest plate that retains the furnace in the inside off. It's still wedged on the axe. And as it pulls open you see the flame begin to spark and billow out of the chest. How do you want to do this? (shouting) You hear the ricochet on the inside (clanging), as it does, the flicker burns really bright, you can feel it almost burns into your beard but you pull away real fast, almost like looking out of the trap in Ghostbusters. So you turn away. The flames (crackle) burn upward and then immediately go dark afterward, it falls and collapses to the ground there, unmoving. The coffee-pocalypse has come to Critical Role this night. It's hard to. So. As you all take a moment to look around, you can see that these three warriors now lie broken and destroyed on the ground. Whether it be drowned, torn apart internally, or bludgeoned in the center of their chest cavity, they are no longer moving. You still, now in the quiet, hear the rhythmic (steady banging) that's been perpetually feeding into the distant background of this entire structure deep beneath the volcano. What do you want to do? Make an investigation check. There's no button for it. There's the old fashioned way. Make an investigation check. All right, go for it. So make a strength check, please. Like most of its armored pieces, the arms detach, but the head is a solid jointed portion to the torso. 22. And as you're inspecting this, you hear this horrible (clanging) sound in the distance as you see Grog with his foot up on the center of the armored clavicle piece, yanks the head off of it, tearing, causing the metal to bend back and spring for a moment in the air. Sure. Yes, actually. Make a strength check with advantage, Grog. Yeah, so with Bigby's Hand wrapping around the body, clutching it like an action figure, you very easily (crack) pop the head off, and you now have two disembodied heads. 18. (groaning) It takes a little while, and it pulls off, but it's mildly deformed from being pulled off. It seems like the hole in the face is intact. It took so hard a try. Okay. So you walk on over, and it's a small furnace built in there with extremely hot coals, and it seems to be an influx of perpetual heat, but there's a large bellows next to it that you can use to try and increase the heat there for a temporary, short time, and you once again, strangely, you look over to it and you know exactly how this works, like you've always worked with it before. So the flames that were a burning orange-red, extremely hot, begin to flare into bright yellow and white in places. And the heat emanating from it is enough that it causes a lot of you to get uncomfortable in the presence and you have to take a step back, Grog enduring it. Make a check with your blacksmithing tools, which is your proficiency modifier, and we'll say for this, because it is more of a dextrous use of this skill, add your dexterity modifier. 24. So in setting up preparation, you take each one of the heads, and to fill each one of their-- I want to say concave, but it's an interior pyramid space. Convex is outward. It will be about 100 platinum pieces or so to fill each face void. So you take the platinum, you melt it down into the smelter, get it to where it's in the gripped, tong-held metallic reservoir, until it eventually melts down. You then pour it into each of the heads, so 300 platinum utilized to do this. It fills to the very edge. Some of it spills over, but you can easily snip that off. As you wait for it to cool, which you can probably help with, actually, as there is no basin for quenching the metal at the moment, so the steam (whoosh) rises up all around, and you turn the heads over, and each one (sliding sound) leaves these heavy metallic pyramid pieces that are smooth and perfect on three of the sides, and one of them appears to be almost like a broken crystal on the inside. It's a shattered, messed-up section. They seem to fit together very well; you figured it out very quickly, they fit and hold together. The jaggedy ends all fit together. All together, it makes a pyramid that comes to a central point. Okay. So the three of you make it up, fit it together, push it in. It fits in perfectly. Slips in. You all back up... nothing. All right, make a strength check. Right, you guys (groans) get behind and shove, push. Nothing. You get advantage on this, then. (impact noise) The impact on this causes the whole room to shake almost, from the blast. You hear the echo right up the stairs in the hallway that you emerged from, you can hear continuing as it slowly dissipates in the distance. You land, and you can see there's actually a knuckle mark in the platinum from the impact. No effect. The stairway is in the way. Because the stairway doesn't come all the way to the top of the ceiling, and then back here it blocks this passage between the two of them, but as you go and look, all it is is the reddish, rust colored cross-beams that are bolted against the wall, and in the center there's the round golden crest with the triangle shape which is now filled with the platinum key that you've made. The coals are currently now cold. Pretty quickly. And you get the sense that they were slowly catching, anyway; there's something about them, the heat that the general room perpetually emanates maintains the fires within. But your flame with the burning hands very quickly elevates and quickens that process, and you watch as the coals now glow to a bright orange-red hue, and you can feel the heat emanating from them. So you go up to the edge and you grab the edge of the golden crest and tug! And it's not moving. Make an investigation check. (laughter) You are inspired. Up to you. 12. It's smooth gold, there's no signs or runes or anything on the side. What was that? Okay. So you go ahead and look inside which one? Okay, roll an investigation check. You look around inside and the shape is a perfect indentation of the physical form of the three metal warriors. You don't see any signs of anything beyond enough of a cavity to fit them snugly when they're dormant. Bigby's Hand, by the way, at this time has faded. It only lasts for a minute with concentration. The spell has faded. Okay, it's about 15 feet up off the ground. You can. I'd say you leap up and grab the edges of the seal with your giant strength, and wedge your fingers in the side and pull it out and land on the coals. You do take four points of fire damage as the coals begin to burn into your feet and the proximity of the heat. But you back up out of the coal based center now holding the key. Okay, the three pieces come apart as soon as you pull it from the section, so you have the three different pieces right there in your arms. It's another point. It's like a four-sided pyramid. Yeah, it's a flat seal on the outside. You're holding it in your arms. Okay. You drop it in the coals. You wait about five minutes or so, and you can see a faint bit of heated glow slowly heating up, but these coals are not smelter ready. Okay, make an intelligence check, Grog, to assemble the three puzzle pieces of the key. (laughs) He's having a hard time putting those pieces together, guys! All right. You each take five points of fire damage just helping touch and assemble this key. Once you get it put together you hold it in the grasp of your hands. You leap using the Boots of Feral Leaping, jam it back inside. Land off to the side. Nothing. It's a dark, reddish-black metal. Either of these guys can attempt to do that. This would be an intelligence check plus your tinkering benefit, intelligence check plus your blacksmithing proficiency modifier. Yeah. Okay. So both of you say out loud at the same time, "Oh, this is volcanic glass metal." TALIESIN and Yeah, it's a-- (laughs) It's a type of metal-- You're following me on this? Okay, it's an oxidized red iron base that in the construct and the folding of the metal, to build the actual armored structure of these creatures, had bits of volcanic glass folded into the actual metal as it was created. Okay, so because you rolled a very high check, I'll let you know, that generally heating up a metal to the point in which it's liquid and then pouring it into the same metal is going to mess up the mold. Okay, so about a hundred gold pieces per head. So 300 gold pieces removed. Well, it's a hundred gold pieces per face. So it's 300 gold pieces total. So 300 gold taken off, total. You smelt it down, same process, and then place within each of the three molds, wait for it to cool and then you remove the three key pieces of the solid gold. They all fit together just as the platinum pieces did. Okay, so you go ahead and you pull out the chunks of heated, now cooling platinum and drop them into the coals for a moment. You pull them off the coals, carefully. Sure, make an intelligence check. Grog is having a hard time with that. Okay. (laughs) All right, you guys eventually help him put it together a second time. All right. So as they have it assembled, you rush up, leap jam it in up there and it slides into place. You hear a heavy slamming sound and what sounds like the scraping of heavy chain mail. (metallic scraping) The wall immediately shudders and you see a layer of dust and soot, (falling sand) off of it. as it falls to rest onto the ground and you see the wall slowly rise up. (grinding gears) Okay, so who's hiding? All right, stealth check. All right, so you hide behind there. Okay. All right. As the door eventually comes to a stop maybe a foot before it reaches the ceiling, black smoke pours in from the other chamber. You watch as it immediately fills the ceiling and then begins to dissipate up the stairway and the hallway above you where you guys originally descended from. You see flashes of sparks and embers through these clouds of black smoke and soot within the chamber. It's obscuring most of your view within the inside. And that heavy pounding, that (pounding) is much louder now. You can sense that it is actually the source of that rhythmic beat, that metal-on-metal clang you have been feeling since you first came into this series of chambers. You can see small streams of glowing orange molten rock within the chamber, which is slightly down and before you. Looks like two small ten-foot-wide rivers of molten rock, metal-- you can't quite tell from here, but it's glowing orange and red, and they both convene and go dark in the center where it looks like they are being covered or obscured by something that you can't quite make out at this distance. Make a perception check, anybody who wants to glance in. Right now, the only people who can look in would not be Percival and Vax because they are in the way back, and Keyleth is hiding, if you want to glance in the side you can. Sure. What you can make out for the most part is this central platform is raised. It looks like there's a staircase that leads up to a middle platform that is in the center of this larger chamber, and it looks to be a couple of large, heavy platforms or pillars that have roaring flames at the edges of them. You can see beneath it, the two pools of lava that disappear beneath it, and you see a hint of a spiral staircase on each side that curls around the back end of where those two rivers of molten rock meet. Behind that, you see the flashes, (sparking) like these rhythmic engines of sparks that are pouring out of the black smoke that is perpetually filling the upper part of this chamber. However, since now it has a place to escape, the room is slowly revealing the interior. You can see on top of this platform in the center a large dark metal object, roughly four or five feet from front to back and about three feet wide of dark, jet black metal, with small veins of glowing red and orange that curl around it that occasionally flare with each impact of whatever this rhythmic metal clanging is behind it. As the smoke begins to dissipate even further, more visibility reveals the shape of this object to definitely be that of an anvil. You can see a number of chains that are linked to it on each side that dangle off the edge. You cannot quite see what's at the end of these chains; they're falling off the side of this platform and out of view. You'd have to get closer to see what they are. However, the shape that you now see, right behind this platform, looming at about 20 feet tall from your estimation at this distance, Keyleth, as you are the one who sees this before anybody else does. You see a stocky humanoid form that is looming over the anvil, both of its fists resting on each side of the platform. You can see its trunk-like arms and legs are dark gray stone, and the head carries no face; it is a smooth absence of face. You can see red cables that dangle from the top and the back of the head that are then pulled together in the back like a ponytail, and around the center of its torso and its lower body, these extremely thick layers of leather wrap that make a kilt that dangles past the knees of this giant stone structure that stands there looming over. In one of its hands you see a comparably small but impressive-looking hammer of gold and black that is currently chained to the platform. It's the one that isn't currently dangling off the side. It's in its hand and it's resting there. And you can see the heat emanating from both the pools of molten rocks on the side of it and the flames behind. Most of the imagery is perpetually shifting and being altered by the sheer volume of heat that this chamber holds. This is apparently the Core Anvil, and whatever decor around it looks very intimidating. What do you want to do? It's not moving. It's standing there right at the platform. Yep. Yeah. You don't see the ceiling in here, because it's all filled with black smoke. You can't right now. It's behind that entity, and you see behind where the platform is, the darkened back portion of the chamber, these two flashes of spark and flame. As they do, you see bursts of smoke and flame billow up and continue to fill and feed the ceiling. Allhammer. What are you guys doing? You have to stay within a certain radius of her to get the effect. Because this is heading into the chamber as opposed to just staying behind the platform, yes. You have to roll again. So you head into the chamber. Okay. As you make your way inside, you look left and right and you can see the dark stonework begins to mingle with the metal and begins to go into the rough edges of the volcanic rock that it's built into. You see two large pillars to each side of you that have these red rocks embedded in the side that give this faint red glow that gives a hint of light to the chamber. There's the heat from the pools. The whole chamber in here is very uncomfortable for you. Thankfully, your armor giving you heat resistance does help a bit. You can see the anvil on top of the staircase on the raised platform and that large hulking entity that's looming over it at the moment. He's facing out towards you. So what are you doing? Okay. You fly up? That is not stealthy. There's a difference between stalking off in the corner and flying up into the center to get a look and then seeing if he sees you. So what are you doing? You have to distinguish that. So we now have, as Exandria canon, that Celestial sounds like Swedish. Thank you for that, Taliesin. I'd say about 15 feet behind him you can see the occasional reflection of the flashes of light, where it looks to be there is a wall behind him. There is an end to the chamber, but you're too far away and it's too obscured by smoke for you to know exactly what's behind him. Make a perception check. 24. There are corners to the chamber. As you fly up and glance you can see two more small equal-sized pits of coals, behind him on either side, and you do glance, two 20-foot-wide domed machines that you see the flame and the billowing smoke are being pushed out of. It's a weird engine-like structure with two of them behind it, that you can see the flames. (hammering) And that's where the sparks are shooting out of each time. It's been maybe ten minutes. Oh, into the volcano? Okay, with all of the smelting, put together I'd say it's probably been close to an hour. You can have as many as you put on him. If they're not concentration, you can stack as many as you want. For most blacksmithing, you gather that it will be dex or strength. In that room? Since you entered that chamber it's been about an hour. At this point, yeah, your wings have now dissipated. You shout it into the chamber? Okay. So Percival is entering-- All righty. Scanlan, where are you coming in on this? So we have Percival walking in, and who is right behind Percival? Grog, all righty. Scanlan right behind Grog. No, it doesn't. All right. Keyleth? The ground is, yes. All righty. So as you begin to enter the chamber and make your way towards the stairway and this central, raised platform with the two flaming pillars that flank it. Shouting this into the chamber, it echoes through, and you still hear the (hammering). Each flash of light causes this faint glow across your faces and the faces of your companions as their shapes go from dark obscured in the shadow and smoke into a brief reveal of your form. As you begin to approach the stairs, you hear this faint grinding of stone as the faceless giant's head slowly looks up to face you. But that's all. Okay. As you guys continue to walk, you get to the bottom of the stairs, and you watch as one of its hands on the side that clutches the hammer unfurls and releases it and the hammer, once let go, swings, the chain going taut and it slams into the side of the raised platform out of sight and as it does, it stands up and rights itself, but its head is still looking down at you, Percival. So do you ascend the stairs? Grog has now moved to the front. All right. And you take your first couple steps onto the stairs. As you do, the large stone entity spins around and steps into the smoke that obscures its shoulders-- No, it's gone now. It has been more time-- the process of smelting and then re-smelting and figuring out and adjusting everything, it has taken over an hour, sorry. Sure. All righty. So as you continue to step up the stairs. Grog, as you approach, you get about a third of the way up there and you hear what sounds like heavy metal scraping against stone and one giant burst of sound. You watch as the giant figure shifts and turns back out of the smoke, holding across its front in one hand a large cleaver-like blade with runes glowing across the side of it. About 15 feet or so from end to end, and as it spins, it looks down towards you all and holds it in front, the flat end facing out towards you in a ceremonial way. Make an arcana check. You have no idea. These are specifically arcane runes of an enchantment-type nature. It's holding the blade out in front like that, clutching the handle on one side and putting its hand against the flat of the blade in the other. So Grog, go up to the top? You make it to the very top of the stairs, and there is the anvil there before you, and the heat you can feel. You know when you're close to an explosion and there's that brief minute of extremely uncomfortable heat that you flinch? It's that, perpetually and all of you are sweating masses beneath your armor. You're afraid at certain points that your eyebrows are beginning to singe and curl. It's hard to breathe because the air is so hot and so thick, and occasionally you can't help but find yourself coughing at the caustic black smoke that fills a large portion of the chamber. Okay. As you approach the top of the stairs, the head looks down at you. What do you do? You're standing right at the edge of the stairs, the very top of the platform, and the anvil's maybe five feet in front of you. You can see all the chains that are hanging on the side and dangling off the sides of the platform. The platform is about 20 feet wide and so the chains that are all hooked at multiple places to the edges and the outside part of the anvil are taut and then dangling off the edge of the platform. So you can't see where it goes. You know one of them is the hammer, because that's what he let fly off the side. Okay. You step up to the edge of the anvil. As it does, the blade tilts so that now, as opposed to the flat facing you, one of the two bladed edges is now-- You saw that, but you didn't get a great look at it by the time it was chucked off the side. The blade goes to a flat. The anvil is right in front of you. He's on the other side of the anvil. You only see the upper part of the torso because he's standing off the platform below it. So you see him from the waist up; he's about 20 feet tall from top to bottom, you only see ten feet of his torso there. The blade's out in front. Yeah. Make a perception check to see if you remember which chain it was. There's four chains on each side that are dangling off the side, and you are not sure which one it is. It went held off the side, so now there are four chains that are taut on each side of the anvil that are vanishing. It looks to be a golem-like construct, yeah. You have seen golems and you have encountered golems before, and the constructs of them can vary. This one, elements of it have the same proportions of a golem, but there are elements that seem more human-like as opposed to an armored battering ram. The refined details of it-- no, your perception roll isn't high enough and you're too far away to make out much more of its form. Yeah, the blade in his hand, just the blade from hilt to end is about 15 feet long. Make an arcana check, Scanlan, as you glance over, stepping into the edge of the stairs. No, it's purely based on his knowledge. Yes. 21. The runes across the blade specifically deal with cursing the physical form of what touches its blade. The chains are immediately to the left and right of the anvil, so to go towards the chain you'd be stepping closer to the anvil, and as you turn to the side its head tracks you as you go. You haven't moved forward, so no. Okay, you begin to step forward towards the chain. The blade comes down to a flat end towards you. Make a perception check. Okay. Glancing over, what you can see between the smoke, you see the two pits of burning coals to the-- behind, right and left of it, with small steps that lead into the coals on each side and you see the two edges of these large, cylindrical turbines of stone and metal where the impacts are and the flames flickering off it. You're not sure. A lot of it is obscured from the smoke that's spilling out of it and you're too far and the light's too dark in here, from that distance. Okay. So you step in. Most of you are at the base of the stairs. Grog is at the top of the stairs. Scanlan stepped up behind him to look at the runes on the blade. That's where you currently reside. Correct. Where do you send it? Okay. So you head up the stairs. The water elemental swarms around the side. You see wherever it moves forward there's steam pouring off from the heat of the ground and the surrounding metal and stone. As it comes up the steps, more and more steam (sizzling) emerging off the back of its body, it comes to the top and it's now next to Grog. You send it towards the anvil? Grog stepped to the right and then began to step forward and then stopped. It's still looking at Grog. Okay, the elemental moves to the left. It doesn't follow the elemental. The Allhammer. Okay. His attention focuses in between the two of you. Doesn't change his stance; the blade is still tilted down towards you. Right, yeah. The blade is still turned towards you. Doesn't seem to react. You're not close enough, and you don't have a far enough view. It's blocking the bulk of it. Okay. So you fly off to the side of the chamber. Okay. You go and fire the arrow just past him. As you do, his head darts with the speed of the arrow as it clacks against the back of the wall. Without even looking towards you, this hand releases the blade and the blade swings a wide arc about a foot above your head, Grog. (whoosh) Slams something in the back of the wall out of sight. You hear what sounds like a heavy chain snapping and falling to the ground and the wall behind you where you entered the chamber (crash) slams shut. As you all hear the sound and take in the scenery, you watch as it retracts the blade into an offensive position, and we're going to take a break. We'll be back here in just a moment, guys. We have a giveaway. This is a big package going out to a bunch of folks there. It's the complete black poisonwood set, which is awesome. It's the tray, the vault, the dice tower. Oh god, it's all falling. It might be a little broken; I apologize in advance. Exactly. That's what it looks like. It's going to be signed by the cast for you. So to be entered in that giveaway, come into the Twitch chat over the break, and the keyword is going to be tarot. T-A-R-O-T. So yeah, we'll all be back here in a few minutes, guys. Enjoy your break, and we'll see you in a minute. [break] All right, then. So last we left off, you had made your way into the chamber that holds the Core Anvil beneath the underwater volcano of Scaldseat. Upon approaching the central risen platform where the anvil was, some stone-built guardian that loomed over it, upon approaching and testing the boundaries, an unintentional firing of an arrow in the vicinity seemed to have triggered an aggressive stance, and the entity seems to be on the assault. So now, with the chamber there before you, I would like you all to take stock on your current positions and roll initiative. All righty. So 25 to 20? All righty. 20 to 15? Okay. 15 to ten? Ten to five? TRAVIS and Top of the round. As the large forge guardian stands with its giant rune blade before it, Percival. You're up first. What are you doing? This one? Okay. Good to know. All right, that ends Percival's turn, holding his action to attack when it attacks. Vax, you're up. All righty. 20, 25, 30. That's about as far as you can get on regular movement. Percy is, yes. Okay. Yes, you can add a d4 to it. Your movement and your action? Okay. So you're going to dash over under her? There you go. (chuckles) It's how she propels the broom. Steps, leaps-- It lands in the center. With his legs down, straddling the two sides of this, and he's going to go into a blade storm, and spins around in a wide arc. Currently, you do not see a face, no. Just to cover the face. Yes. Every attack, yeah. It's still rolling on the d20. Nine points of psychic damage. You manage to clear the weapon. So as the blade storm, it does a large sweep all the way around it with the blade, hitting everything within 15 feet of it. It's a roll to hit, but Cutting Words would affect a single attack against an individual. Yeah, because each attack roll is separate, so it would affect one of the attack rolls. Well, let's find out first. So it's going to be Vex, Vax, Scanlan, and Grog. And then Keyleth and Percy are out of range, as well as the elemental. So against Vex that is a 17. Doesn't it, and you dodge out of the way. For Vax, 17. Rolled two threes in a row. Striking around to Grog, that is a 24. What does the parry do? Yes, you can, to reduce the attack by your superiority dice plus your dexterity modifier. Yep. So you would take 37 points of slashing damage, but instead you take nine away. That would be 28. So you get 28 points of slashing damage. And you are pushed 15 feet away. You are now right off, you get knocked over the side. You get knocked prone off onto the edge of the platform there, almost catching yourself before rolling off the side of the platform. Scanlan, that is a natural two. That's a 16 to hit. Okay, so roll a d12. Okay, so that will miss you. As it swings towards you, what do you do? The second construct you've bruised the ego of today. I need you to make a constitution saving throw, Grog. 18? No. Your vision fades as the curse takes hold. You are considered blinded at the moment. And that's its turn. Vex, you're up. Okay, where do you move? Well, your movement with your broom is? How fast is your broom? (heavy sigh) Broom of Flying 50 feet. Look at that. Analog! You can get right over right above where Percival is. So that's your bonus action to disengage, your movement to get there. What are you doing now? Go for it. 23 misses. Yeah. You strike the armor on the side of its body, and the arrow disintegrates on impact. You see bits of it catch flame from the nearby heat. It's made of solid stone with pieces of metal armor around the body. That'll hit, yeah. He is in base to base with your brother, so yes. Okay, so the total on that is? 26, yeah. Right, there you go. All right, cool. The first arrow shatters, the second one you manage to strike and it embeds itself in the stone, and sticking out. It's hard to see if it had made much of an impact. That ends your turn, and that brings us to Scanlan. You're on the top of the staircase next to the water elemental and Grog, who's currently on the ground screaming that he's blind. The entity is about 15 feet away from you. You're just out of range of its blade, and it's an intimidating thing to have that close to you. He's about 16 feet from you. You're just out of range of the blade. Well, no. Actually, because it did hit you, so on the edge of there, you are within 15 feet of him, yeah. Level three Lightning Bolt. Okay, so roll 8d6 points of damage. All righty, so that is a natural 20. So that's advantage on the saving throw. However, its dexterity bonus is nothing. It's a straight 20. Your spell DC? 22, so it does not make the save. 34 points of lightning damage to it. The bolt hits it and seems to arc through, and its faceless head slowly shifts to face you. If you move out of his melee range, you will, yes. You'll get attacked. Doesn't mean you'll get hit. Okay. Take your d12. All righty. That's your bonus, your action, and are you going to stay where you are or are you going to move? Okay. Ending that turn, it comes to the elemental. Actually, no. At the end of Scanlan's turn, it's going to go ahead and use a legendary action to make a rune blade strike against Vax, who's right in front of him. That is a 22 to hit. Okay. Okay. That is a 19. LIAM and So as the blade arcs overhead towards you, you barely duck out of the way. It slams on the ground, sending shards of stone and metal up in the air around you. You feel it rain over your shoulder and the back of your head as you slowly pull away from it. All righty, now it is the elemental's turn. What's the attack? 18 plus? Okay, so it would be 25? That hits. Are the creature's attacks considered magical? Nowhere on there does it say it does magical damage? Okay. So as the elemental swings out both fists against it, no effect. None of its attacks seem to have any effect or impact on the creature. It's like bludgeoning the side of a mountain. Not at the moment, no. (laughs) Okay. That ends the elemental's turn, then? Grog and Keyleth, you're up. Yeah, you can. You lose concentration on the elemental. But the elemental stays and is now hostile to you. I forgot your figure again! I'm the worst! So the planetar size is large. We'll say for the purposes once again of this week, we'll use Doty as the planetar, so there you are. Your wings extend. You are now in the planetar form. Well, your action is to cast the spell. No, Shapechange takes an action to make the transformation. Next turn you can take your action. You could certainly try. So we'll say for the purposes of this, you glide over, and you're now flying up next to Grog on the edge of the platform. There you go. Okay. That ends your turn. Grog? It's your turn. No. Nope. All right. So that ends Grog's turn, holding his action. Okay. At the end of your turn, it's going to use another legendary action to take another swing at the slippery little rogue paladin on the ground that it can't seem to hit. Natural one. Jesus Christ. Okay. That'll be the end of that luck. Percival, your turn. It is currently dangling off the side, along with other series of tools tongs and other smaller blacksmithing accoutrements. Okay. Five, ten, 15, 20. Another step, and you're starting to hit the molten metal and rock. You can try, yeah. Make an athletics check. Not for the leap. If you're leaping towards the chains, you can attempt to grab it, yeah. Okay. Are you using it to swing, or are you just trying to grab and hold on? Okay, I'll give you advantage if you're going for the chain, then, as you're swinging across it. Go for it. Athletics. Percival runs, swings across, and I'll move this a bit. Percival barely makes it across. (grunts) If you let go of the chain, you'll land. If you hold onto it you'll dangle and swing in the center. Yeah. You just grabbed it. You can take a moment to look at it next round, if you want to. Do you want to do that, then? Okay. Make a arcana check. As you're clutching the hammer now, it's dangling down, and you're holding onto it. And the heat is burning from underneath you, and you can see the (bubbling noises). Seven. You're distracted by everything going on around you and the heat in your face. You can see it above you, the black and gold scrolling on it. It looks beautiful, but you can't make out any more details than that, unfortunately. You swing back, you swing, and then you land. We'll say because you rolled a natural 20, I'll let you do that. Okay, that ends Percy's turn. At the end of Percy's turn, it's going to use its third and final-- You did it? Good job. (laughs) Well done. All right, at the end of Percival's turn, it's going to use its third and final legendary action to to try and get that hit on you. Natural 20. (groaning) 57 points of slashing damage. All right, reduce that to 28 points of damage and your vision goes dark. That's true. Roll constitution save. Your vision goes dark. It hits you, and you hit the ground, and the sheer-- the searing pain hits your body, and as you get up, it feels like all the smoke fills your vision. All you see are occasional flashes of red, almost like you're surrounded by a miniaturized electrical storm, and you have no idea what's around you. You're considered blind for the moment, yes. It's your turn. That's what I'm checking right now. Vow of Enmity. Creature you can see within ten feet of you. You cannot currently see it. You need-- All right, that ends your turn. It's now its turn. It gets its legendary actions back. See if it gets its blade storm back. Nope. Here's what it's going to do. Because you ran off. It hit you; it's not even focused on you. The head turns and looks towards you, Vex'ahlia. It's going to make a rune blade attack against you. Oh jeez. That is a 17. Jesus Christ, it has rolled so many twos and threes, then 20. It swings and you dodge out of the way. However, hearing the skittering of a gnome behind him, without even looking, it back-kicks behind it with its foot. That is going to be a 21, Scanlan. All right, so you take 23 points of bludgeoning damage and you are pushed 15 feet away from it and knocked prone. LAURA and I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Scanlan. Well, let me double check on that for your bardic ability. And how many more bardic inspirations do you have at this point, by the way? You used Cutting Words, you've inspired Keyleth, and you've inspired Grog. Two more to go. And as far as your peerless skill, you can add it to any ability check, yeah, so not a save, unfortunately. What was the total? Scanlan gets pushed off the edge and falls prone (sizzling) into the molten metal below. You're on fire. You take 53 points of fire damage, Scanlan, as you are currently now partially submerged in molten metal and screaming in horrible pain. That's going to end its turn. Vex, you're up. Okay, so you use your bonus action to disengage. Where are you going? All right, so you fly over, and where are you going? Okay. You use your action to cast Lesser Restoration. So the Lesser Restoration affects-- The blindness fades as she touches you. Your vision comes back. Well, to be honest, the process of each trammel is going to be a 15-minute process. You can't hyper-smith in the middle of battle. (groaning) That's 15 minutes if it's a straight multiple people helping circumstance. Not really. You had to go over an arc to get there. Vex? Vex, is that all you're doing this turn? Yep, all right, so Scanlan. Correct, you have sight now. What are you going to attack? Because you can't move, it's just your action. Technically, when you're holding your action to do something, like an attack, you can only do that because it's a reaction, a very quick thing. Basically, as soon as you get your vision you're like, (panting). I'll let you rage on that, sure. He's not within range, unfortunately. It's across the way. Make a perception check. It looks like an anvil, a beautiful anvil, a primal built, ageless anvil. All right, so Scanlan. You're currently submerged in molten metal, screaming, on fire. Your turn begins and you take six points of fire damage. You're prone and sinking into it. What are you doing? Okay, you Dimension Door out of the lava? You can walk out of it. You're right next to the edge. Yeah, you could pull yourself out of it. Yeah, with your movement you get out. You're ten feet out of it. You're on fire still, but you're no longer melting in the lava. You're hurt, but you turn the corner and you can see the giant guardian that is now currently facing off with the rest of your allies on the other side of the platform in the far corner of the room. You're staring at its back. What are you doing? Okay, you're doing another Bigby's Hand? And you'll attempt to grapple his sword? All righty. Well, let's give it a shot. Bigby's Hand moves over here. If we go by that tactic, Bigby's Hand's dead. You've all died. I'll put him there. Percival has been dead for a long time. We'll put that there. That's good. There you go. All right. If you want to. Grasping Hand? Right, I'm letting you do this, though. It's fine. It makes sense. It's big enough. Make an athletics check, using the strength of Bigby's Hand, which is a plus eight. Roll a d20 and add eight to it. 22. It rolled a 19. (cheering) That's your turn, unless you want to use a bonus action for something. Go for it. Damn it, Sam. Take your 2d4 plus six. Finishing that out, it is the elemental's turn. You're not going to rules-lawyer me out of the elemental. (laughter) Vex, you take 15 points of bludgeoning damage. Grog, you take 11 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to five. Grog and Keyleth. Your turn. Keyleth, you now have complete control of your form. No, that would be your action. Certainly. Which direction? You fly over. As you swing, it glances in your direction and with a reaction, gets an attack of opportunity on you with disadvantage. That's 20. What's your armor class in the planetar form? Doesn't add to your armor class. It's attacks and saving throws. It's a level one spell, guys. It hits you. You take... 42 points of slashing damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You are not immune to blindness as a planetar. Yes. That's plus seven. No, that's against concentration, so you will have to do that in a second, but first, this is to see if you go blind or not. This is a curse effect. 27? Okay. You resist the blindness. However, now half that damage. So half of that is 21, so DC 21. Make a constitution saving throw with advantage. Yeah, you're fine. So you maintain concentration on your form. Perfect. That finishes Keyleth's turn. Grog, what are you doing? Perfect, you can get up right against there. The elemental gets one swing at you as you go out of its range. That is a three plus seven. Ten. It hits your back and it's like, ooh. It's kind of cool. Hits. Hits. These are both with the minus five? Okay. All right. That is it? All right. So that ends your turn. At the end of your turn, Grog, it's going to go ahead and use its legendary action to swing back at you as you're hitting it. So you slam it in the back with the axe, as it angrily swings a wide strike towards its back, hoping to catch the side of your chest, with disadvantage, that is an eight plus 14. 22. That hits. Okay. You take 27 points of slashing damage, reduced to be 13. If you want to, or you can take a retaliation shot. Up to you. Don't forget your retaliation. Well, stone's endurance is a reaction. You get one reaction, so it's one or the other. I'm pretty sure it is. I'll double check. Essentially. Yeah, you can use your reactions. It's one or the other. All right, cool. You take the 13 damage. Constitution saving throw, please. 28. You resist it. No issue. So now you can take your retaliation shot. That hits. Roll damage. 27 points of damage. That's an extra 11 damage on it. 38 damage. There you go. So as you resist the effect, you come back with a third strike, slamming it into the back, and you can watch some of the armor in the back cracks. You can see bits of glowing orange in places. It's still looking fine, but it's taking hits. It isn't impervious. That brings us to Percival's turn. Nice. 35 total on that shot. 24 just hits. (cheering) 20 does not hit. Takes half of the critical damage next turn. What was the total on that last one? All right. So critical damage. The psychic damage is doubled, too, by the way. Okay, so 31. So 18. Yeah. Which is 49, so he'll be taking 24 points of bleed damage. So you run around this way. This is as far as you can get. If you want to go that way, you'll have to go around in lava, so you have to go around. That's as far as you can get there. That ends your turn, Percival. All right, at the end of your turn it's going to use its third and final legendary action to hack down at you because you're up next. All right, so that is a 25. All right. 33 points of slashing damage. All right, so it'll be 16, and I want you to make a constitution saving throw. 18, not enough. The darkness takes over again in your eyes. It's still there in front of you, you know where it is, but your vision is taken from you. That is going to end that. It's now your turn. Depends on whatever action you decide to hold. You can do that if you want to. So you're expecting somebody else in your party to come heal you? Okay, all right. Okay, so Vax is going to hold that. It's now his turn. Let's see if he gets the blade storm back. Does! He does get the blade storm back. So he's going to leap and land up here in the center. Oh god. It does, yeah. So we're going to go ahead and put this over here. You will, yes. So takes another 24 damage, all righty. Both you guys get attacks of opportunity. Hits. (crash) It takes the hit, it lands. Go ahead and make your attack. Correct. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay, takes 35 damage, and the blindness fades. It seems less concentration. You get the sense that the blindness lasts until you hit it. You can now see. Yes, you can. Well, you held your action, not your turn. There's a difference. I will say, the minute you hit him and the vision comes back, I'll allow you to do it. Sure, I'll let it happen. You held your action as Vow of Enmity. You can't hold your whole turn. You hold an action. So as it lands there, it uses blade storm, (crash) strikes around as it sweeps everyone in a 15-foot radius, which will be Grog, Vax, Vex, the elemental, and Scanlan. With Bigby, you are, so disadvantage on all these attacks, correct. So against Scanlan, that is, hah. Avoided a natural 20 because of that. So that instead is going to be a 22. All righty. Against Vax is a 29. All right, against Grog. That is a 21. And against Vex is a 24. Elemental is an 18. Yeah. All right, so each of you suffers 44 points of slashing damage. Okay, so 22. Yes, because when he took his turn, you did. 44 to the elemental; you'll want to keep track of that. And then 22 to you. And I need all of you to make constitution saving throws. The elemental fails. Scanlan, what's your constitution saving throw? Scanlan resists it. So now, Scanlan, I need you to make a concentration check on Bigby's Hand now. So DC 22, because it was 44 damage. So you have advantage. Okay, so one. Yeah, the poop is a one, we already covered that. Your constitution saving throw. LIAM and It's not a check, it's a saving throw. Well, 20 is the max. That's what you're trying to hit. The DC is 20. Bigby fades. No longer holding the weapon, the hand fades and the blade is now no longer held back. The creature's looking pretty hurt, but it's still hanging in there. End of his turn, Vex, you're up. Vex's turn. Both arrows go wide, disappearing into the smoke of the room. You still hear the machine, (booming), behind you. Okay, make a perception check with disadvantage. 17. Because your training saved you, you pull back and you manage to hear the echoes of the bubbling and the sounds nearby. You know where the stairs are, and you don't fall off of them. Okay, well if that's the case then you managed to drift backward. How far back do you want to go? Well, you're going to pull back and then slam into the wall over here, because you're not quite sure where that is. So we'll say you're there. That ends your turn, Vex. At the end of your turn, the forge guardian's going to use, let's see-- Yep. He's going to go ahead and use a legendary action to attack with his rune blade against-- You are hitting it a lot. Yeah. It's going to go against you. Just for this hit. Advantage against you? Natural 20. 61 points of slashing damage, halved to 31. It hasn't come back to your turn yet, because you've already used that last turn. Wait, have we? Because you went last time to attack it, yeah, and you took it as it hit you back at the end of your turn. Yeah. So that brings us to Scanlan's turn. It rolled a 17 on its dex save. It has no dex bonus, so that hits without issue, so full damage, so 11d6. That's pretty decent, though. 42 points of lightning damage as you blast it from behind. (crackling) The energy hits the back and arcs through its weapon and its blade, and you can see steam rising up around where its fingers grasp the handle. The leather kilt that hangs at its sides is singed and burned from the impact. Well done. Do you want to move or stay where you are? You're about ten, 12 feet from it. Nope. Okay. At the end of that turn, it's going to use its second legendary action to attack Vax this time. And since you're blind, it has advantage. That is a 29 to hit. 29 points of slashing damage. All right, end of Scanlan's turn. It's the elemental's turn. The elemental is going to thrash whatever's nearby. It's hostile to everything in the area, and the closest thing to it is the creature. So it's going to attack with disadvantage twice against it. That's a miss and a natural one on the second one, yeah. The elemental swings and is hitting nothing in the air. It's angry and thrashing about. At the end of its turn, it's going to use his last legendary action to attack Vax one more time. That's 29 again? Okay, so you are, yeah. It would've been 26 points of slashing damage. So with that, you are unconscious. All right, so that brings us to Grog and Keyleth's turn. Okay, so the reckless cancels out blindness, so this is a straight roll. Yeah. You swing, and it hits air. Gil fucked and un-fucked you real fast. Yeah. For you, you roll the dice and you do the critical damage like you normally would. So that's 24, plus your bonuses. And the extra necrotic damage, right? Have you been forgetting necrotic damage this whole time? Grog. Well, now's the time to remember it, buddy. It's all good. Plus two additional d12s. 58 points of damage on the hit, and your blindness goes away. So this time as you swing out, it cracks into the side of him and the axe actually wedges a few inches into the side of its thigh and rear region. As it wedges in there, you actually hear the first sound emanate from this creature (growling). A deep, guttural, vibrating, low sound. And as soon as your vision clears up, you see it turn around, its head under its arm, down at you. You're seeing some damage on this thing. That the end of your turn? Keyleth, do what you're going to do. All right, so you heal the blindness. You heal 32, and your blindness dissipates. All right, so you're right there at the edge of the lava, keeping an eye on the battlefield. Yes, you're not quite within his range. All right, that ends your turn. Percival, you're up. That hits. 24 just hits. No, the Bless is concentration, right? That shit's gone. Totally forgot to keep rolling concentration for you on that. That's a thing you've got to keep in mind whenever you take damage. That's right, because you have another action surge. Plus nine points psychic? Right. The total of that together, then is? So it takes 17 damage next round. He can burn a grit to get advantage on a shot, if he wants to. That hits. All right, so those are your shots. This way. You're going to have to leap over lava. If you want to go around it, you can go (counting). All right, there you go. All right, that ends Percival's turn. Death saving throw, with advantage. You're fine. Actually, you stabilize. You're fine. End of your turn. It's now the forge guardian's turn. Well, he's not conscious, and currently you are still blind, yeah. Zero hit points and stable. You don't have to make the death saving throws anymore. No, you regain one hit point if you roll a 20! You're right! Correct. So you're conscious now, though your vision, you open your eyes, and there's still darkness, but you're conscious. All right. The forge guardian does not regain his blade storm. He's going to make two melee attacks against you, Grog, since you've given him the option. Actually, he's going to go ahead and leap a little bit, to land here, not enough to give you an attack of opportunity. It's going to make one strike at you, Grog, and another kick attack at Scanlan. 31, Grog? 34 points of slashing damage. Down to 17. And Scanlan, that is 28 to hit. You take 24 points of bludgeoning damage. All right, so reduced, so roll a d12. This is your last bardic inspiration, so you're done with this now. Okay. So take six damage off of that. I thought I did, but I don't remember. That's fine. I can't remember. Okay. (counting) 25 points, reduced, so you take 19 points of bludgeoning damage as it kicks you, and you are pushed 15 feet back. LIAM and So Scanlan, you immediately are kicked back into the molten rock and iron. That is 61 points of fire damage. Scanlan is now on fire, and (sizzling) he's T-800-ing. You can. That hits. Roll damage on that. 33 damage. By the way, at the top of its turn, it also took 17 points of damage from your hemorrhaging shot. It's looking rough now. It's looking pretty rough. All right, so that finishes that turn. End of his turn, Vex, you're up. All right, so you glide down and you grab his body, and you lift him up, and you get him out of the lava but that's as much movement as you've got. It's your action to grab and pull him out. You can. I'll say you move half speed because you're having to bring him with you. So you can get both of you guys back up to wherever you want to go. Into the corner? So you get about there. All right, so that ends Vex's turn. Top of the round, Scanlan, you immediately take fire damage because you're still on fire, so you immediately fail a death saving throw. You do have Death Ward on you! So as you go and reach and grab him and pull him up, the Death Ward flickers on and he comes back to one hit point. You pull him off to the side. As soon as his turn comes up, he takes seven points of fire damage and now goes to zero. The Death Ward has expired. Yeah, I think so, actually. Well, it's the top of your turn, so yeah. Let me double check on that. All righty, so that brings us from Scanlan's turn to the elemental's turn. The elemental is going to go ahead and (whoosh). That is 13 against your armor class. Does not hit. And 14 does not hit. It has the blindness on the elemental, still. Ending that elemental's turn. It is now Grog and Keyleth's turn. All righty. Technically, sorry, before we get to that, at the end of its turn, at the end of the elemental's turn, it's going to go ahead and strike you with its blade. No worries. That's a 27 to hit. 36 points of slashing damage, reduced to half, so that's 18. And make a constitution saving throw, please. 24? Yeah, you resist the blindness. So your turn, unabated as you were before. Yeah, that hits. That hits, yeah. Both do damage. All right, that ends your turn, Grog? Sure. It's going to use its second legendary action to attack you, as soon as you move around, it's going to sweep low and attempt to try and cleave you in half. With the advantage against you, natural 20. (screaming) That reckless attack, man. He gets advantage on all his attacks against him. 73 points of slashing damage. On 3d12, it was a ten, eight, and a 12. It's 20, 30, times two, 60, plus 13. So 73. So half of that would be 36, we'll say. 36 points of slashing damage, and make a constitution saving throw. 24, okay. Resisting it still. Yeah, you can still see. All right, Keyleth. Yeah, those both hit. Correct. 18 plus seven. 25? 14, okay, and then now 10d8 radiant damage. How do you want to do this? (shouting) As you arc down with your weapon, the holy, divine energy spraying off of the strike, the arc slams into the center of the guardian's chest, and you watch as the armor expands and explodes. You see this core in the center that previously has been guarded by its stone form, and there on the inside you see this beating red gem that (power-down sound) goes cold. As it does, the guardian drops the blade (footsteps) and walks to the other side of the chamber, pieces of its armor falling off to the ground. You see cracked parts of its outer form breaking off in small chunks of shale, and it makes its way to the opposite side, walking around, carefully, each of you. It takes and places its blade (crashing) up on this stand on the wall, turns around, and goes completely inert. Okay. Scanlan is still on fire. How many healing touches does he have? Yes, the blindness has faded. Where are you at? That reckless, man. That's the downside. The first part of this fight, he was sucking. It was like, two, three, three, two, and then he picked up. All righty. So in the silence, as you guys take a moment to breathe and recover, the uncomfortable heat in here is sweltering. The guardian is motionless across the forge. The blade is set up against the wall, now obscured by the smoke that's still billowing up across the back wall. Getting a better glance around, you can see a lot of the soot and black that has gathered in the upper areas of the ceiling, which is about 50 feet high. There you see, faintly glowing and obscuring the air above it, the Core Anvil, the chains still held taut as the various blacksmithing implements hang dangling off the sides of the central platform. I will say at this point, because the elemental took quite a bit of damage, that you guys quickly dispatch it. I don't want to have to worry about you guys killing a blind elemental. It's fine. No longer blind, but still. (splat) It's gone. Short rest. While you guys are taking a short rest, you can heal up with your hit dice. I also need everyone to make a constitution saving throw, please, because it's so hot in here. This is a little more than the usual mantle. I'll say you have to make it, as well, Vax, just make it with advantage. So both Scanlan and Keyleth gain a point of exhaustion. You do not. Your constitution modifier is? There you go. What's wrong now? So you guys finish your short rest. What do you want to do in the chamber? You have the whole chamber at your disposal. Okay. You find numerous sets of tongs. You find twisting tools. You find metal punches. You find chisels of all sizes. You see a form of leg vise that's laying at the side of the anvil which you know immediately, weirdly for you, a leg vise is a small device that you use to clamp metal onto the anvil to work on it. You use your foot to hold down with pressure. You also see the hammer that was chained to it, as well, which is very well made. The dark black hammer metal look with gold inlay. It looks like scrolling all across it in places. All these different tools are all chained to the actual sides of the anvil. It appears to be metal. You understand, based on the discussion you guys had between the design, the platinum has to be smelted down into workable bars, ingots of metal that can be hammered and folded. You have to get into the chamber to do so because the smelting materials are in the chamber you just came from. This is the forging chamber. The other doors are still closed. Once they're made into bars, and this is from the design that you recall Ioun gave you, the beads of divinity that you've been given, you have to actually shatter across the anvil and then fold the pieces into the metal. Once that's done then you actually have a solid blank of platinum inlaid with the fragments of divinity. You then have to draw out the trammel tips, which makes them into a fine point like a long javelin-like rod. Then you have to use the vise, after heating the metal, to twist the trammels. The actual design has them twisted because it helps conduct the divine energy to the point. And then using the chiseling tools, you have to work in the runes that match and channel the incantation that Scanlan's book has. It's a multi-process step that's going to require both of you to work together on this, since some elements of it are blacksmithing elements, some of it are tinkering. Make a perception check. So 30. You glance up and you see it looks there like there were two chains that were originally down held on a crank device. However, the chain has been cut and the other half of it is about 20 feet up in the air. So planetar form. Go ahead and make a strength check, please. You two tug on those chains, and they are not moving. Make a persuasion check. 14? It makes no motion, change, nothing. No, you don't have the strength to pull it down, not with that strength check, unfortunately. Yeah. You can lift him up. (grunts) It takes you a minute and it's a slow pull. You feel the veins bulging on your blue-skinned forehead. (grunts) But you do get up, Grog, and you grab the chain. Make a strength check. You can still be raging if you want to. As you lift him up, you grab the chain and rappelling down, you begin to find places in the stonework and metal on the side and hold on with your other hand, pull. As you do, you watch the wall on the opposite side (scraping) move up on one side a little bit and get stuck. So Bigby's Hand appears, (whoosh) rushes up to the other chain. Go ahead and make a d20 roll and add an eight to it. As Bigby pulls the other side, the wall on the opposite side adjusts and both chains now, Grog and Bigby's Hand together, pull and pull and pull and slowly, as you're both pulling across the metal and dragging it downward, the opposite wall (scraping). Opens up. Yeah. Bigby isn't. It's a check for the spell, not for you. So together you both eventually bring the chains to the bottom and you find one of the number of hooks on the floor area where you can wrap it around to hold it in place. It's tenuous but it's holding. And so the large metal door on the opposite side is currently now held up about 13 feet up. It's only partway up right now but that's all you need at the moment. They found large rings and hooks to hook them onto. Short rest, so he has his inspiration back. You have advantage on dexterity-based ability checks. So. Let's see here. Grog, Percival. You head to the original chamber before this. You find the tongs and some of the metallic ingot-based molds. You take in pieces of platinum equal to the amounts you guys had pulled up before. How much was it? That was for the face. For the trammels. Well, no. There's other molds there with the smelting device. If I recall, it was 1,500 platinum per piece, I believe. So you guys made the platinum transition when you were in Vasselheim. And the reason it takes so much is because even the natural platinum that's out there has some impurities in the process of the creating so you guys have to repeatedly go through and burn and pull out impure segments of the metals that come to the top. So Grog, I need you to go ahead and make a blacksmithing tool check. This is with proficiency bonus. It should be dexterity for this. Correct. So you'd roll twice. Up to ten minutes. All right. So. It takes you a good 20 minutes or so, 30 minutes or so per ingot to get all the impurities out, to heat it and to scoop it out. Eventually gets so you can form three bars of pure platinum to the level that you know the requirements of the trammel are. You look around. You don't see any areas here to cool the metal. You didn't get a good look at the other chamber necessarily to see if there was something for it. Sure. You glance around and there's the two machines over there that are still (crashing). Behind and in the center of the two machines you do see a trough about eight feet on one side and three feet the width of it. It is empty, however. You manage to fill the trough, brimming with cool, instantly created water. Back and forth, you guys take the molds with tongs and (sizzling) quench the metal and pull out the three heavy platinum ingots, ready for use on the actual anvil. (laughter) So. Now that you're working on the forge, you have your Gauntlets on. The two of you walk up and you have all these tools around you. To fold the metal, you're going to need the hammer. So you grab the hammer and the hammer's pretty big. It's like a maul. It's a two-handed hammer. You need the beads of divinity for this next stage. So you take the Ioun one, which has a faint whitish-gray glow, and place it in the center of the anvil. Go ahead and make a strength check, Grog. You may. 25. With a giant echoing yell, (grunts) you bring the hammer down and you watch a flash of bright, vibrant white, faintly blue light flicker and beam across the room. All of you for a second have to hold your eyes and look away and as you come back, the hammer is on top of the anvil. As you pull it back, you see, where the bead was, there is now a crushed dust of the same color, roughly about the size of a plate. None of it's scattered away from the anvil, it is a crystalline diamond-like powder that remains. All right. So with you holding the tongs and helping him, you take the hammer. I need you to make a blacksmithing tool check. This is with strength, on this one. This is hammering the metal and folding it into the metal. 19's fine. The hammering isn't too hard. The different things have different difficulties, and so the folding isn't too bad. So with that, you guys take the dust and you scatter it across the metal and then hammer and fold, hammer and fold and take more and scatter it across the metal as it's still heated. Hammer and fold, then go and take it off to the side to two of the coal areas, and you watch as the furnaces burn and heat the metal up again. You bring it back up to the steps and hammer and fold, hammer and fold with more of it until eventually, you've managed to hammer in over the next 20 or so minutes, both of you sweating, feeling a little bit of stiffness and soreness in your arms from this process, but you've been far worse. You eventually build a rod blank for your first trammel using the bead of divinity from Ioun. That is complete. So who's next? All right. So you take the faintly yellowish-glowing bead of divinity from the Dawnfather, place it onto the anvil. Make another strength check, please. Do you still have an inspiration on you right now? So with advantage, and you're still raging on this. 25 again. Both times you've hit 25, and the DC on this is 25 on the sheet here. So with Pelor's bead of divinity, you (crash) slam down a second time. This time, you guys see a flash like you stare into the sun for a split second. The heat in the room grows even warmer for a moment, and it's like being on the outside of a Meteor Swarm blast, which you all recall very distinctly. You come back and pull the hammer away, and there you see the scattering dust of the Dawnfather's blessed bead. The two of you then go ahead and take in the next ingot and begin. You heat it up, bring it back to the anvil and begin to fold, scatter, fold, scatter, reheat, bring back, fold, scatter. Repeating the process until you get all through it. I need you to go ahead and make another blacksmithing tool check. This is strength, still. Yeah. I'll tell you if it's dex or strength because you're hammering the metal. He's turning it over. 27. Yeah. Without an issue, you guys manage to fold in your second trammel blank without worry. Bringing you to the third one, the third and final. Producing and placing onto the anvil, Vax, you leave behind there the small jet black smooth oval bead. Strength check, Grog. 24. (clang) You slam down. And you pull back the hammer, and there it remains. Unshattered. Take your d12. All right, Grog, as you try again, pulling the large maul hammer up. It's up to you. (impact) You slam down with a second hit. As it hits, the reverberation of the impact fills the room. You pull the hammer back and there it remains, but you do see a mild crack through its form. If you give him Guidance, it will give him an additional d4 he gets to add. Oh yeah, because it's concentration. So as you're doing this, Keyleth comes up behind and then touches you. What could have been only two trammels, you barely manage to succeed in properly shattering and not ruining the third bead. (impact) As you slam, all of you for a second see nothing but darkness. All the light, all the flame, even the heat of the room goes jet cold for an instant. And all of a sudden, the light of the furnaces flicker back on, the machine once more (crushing). The engine slams and light filters back. You pull the hammer back. You see a scattering of darkened coal, obsidian dust remaining behind. With that, you two holding the tongs, you take and fold the metal, hammer it, fold the metal, hammer it. Make another blacksmithing check. Go ahead and make your final blank. This is strength still, this one. Without an issue. So with that, you fold and you have your three finished trammel blanks, each one infused with the bead of divinity. Now you need to draw them out. And you can do these as one check for the three of them. So you go in and you take these blanks, these long rods, and you heat up the tip and bring it back, you holding with the tongs. You begin to, at an angle, hammering it against the top of the anvil, to eventually bring it to a gradual point. I need you to go ahead and make a blacksmithing check. This will be dexterity because this is less of just hammering, this is a little more careful manipulation of the metal. Did you cast Cat's Grace on him again? Because if you don't, it's not advantage. No, you can't have both. It's a 15? Well, you have to inspire him before he makes the check. Yes. You are helping with this. (laughs) We'll get to you shortly. So as you begin to hammer it out, it's getting a little fragile at some points. I'll let you make one more check so you don't ruin one of the trammels. 29. So this time, seeing where the imperfections were in the hammering you initially did and curving and bringing fragility to one of the trammels, you double back, heat up, and correct the mistake. Over the next ten minutes or so, you both carefully work to bring each to a razor point at the end of these large platinum javelins now. They're thicker on one side and come to an impossible point at the other. You have three of these base trammels now complete. So now you have to twist them. This is where you bring up the leg vice. So you go ahead and you clamp it in there. This is without your help. This is now you taking and heating the metal and twisting it as you go, so make another blacksmithing check. This is a dexterity-based. He already rolled. So with that, you, one by one, slowly using the clamp, twist, heat it up, grab, clamp, twist, hammer, twist and continue this process for each trammel as everyone looks on with bated breath. The deafening sound of the engine-like contraptions fill the space like a heartbeat. Their rhythm gets into your muscles and the aches begin to fade as you focus on the hammers in unison with the (slamming). Becomes this very primal forging-of-the-world vision to see Grog atop this anvil for over an hour at this point now, sweating and hammering away at these trammels. A vision of the Allhammer once, long ago, forging weapons of old, long-forgotten and lost, now Grog sits here, forging the means of sealing one of the biggest threats to the Prime Material Plane by himself. As you finish twisting the final trammel, you pull it up (sizzling), quenching them in the water that you left behind. And as you pull up, you can see as the steam rises, the three twisted javelins of pure platinum ready for the final scrolling. The only hammer here is that maul, but all the chiseling and tinkering work takes a much smaller, more delicate hammer. It's going to have to be a smaller edge than that. It has to be a hammer. Make an investigation check. Looking around, all the other tools are for different things, but there's no other hammer. There's the one singular giant hammer on the chain. Okay. You pick up the hammer. So you take a bit of time to attune with it, if you feel that's something you could try. Okay. Make an arcana check. 21. This is definitely an enchanted hammer. You take time with it and focus, and once you feel the essence of attunement begin to drift into this hammer, you unattune from one of your other items and you will it. The hammer actually (shrinking) shrinks down into a small, light hammer. Ball-peen hammer. So. Now with this tinier hammer in your grasp, you walk over and put the trammels on the anvil. You grab some of the chiseling implements, and the two of you together begin to work. And you're mainly there taking the hammer and driving the back of the chisel while he's guiding the design because you don't know what vision he has. So you've done all the groundwork. You've built the structure, the base plate for it. But you have all the intricate designs in the head that Ioun imparted with you. So now you almost go into a trance with the chiseling tools and you have three in your hands and you're juggling them behind and you're staring ahead. It's really weird to watch Percival go from this focused individual to staring off into space and his hands take over and begins moving the chisels along. Each one of them almost too fast for you to keep up and you get to the point where you're like (rapid hammering). Trying to keep up with him as he's moving along. As you do, you watch as this intricate scrolling begins to appear and dig itself into the side of each trammel. He rotates it with the tongs, moves into place, gets the chisel and removes it, rotates it again and as this continues, it gets faster and faster and faster. I need you to go ahead to make a tinkering check. It's what you gave to Grog earlier. The actual heat from the Core Anvil is enough that when you hold the trammel against it, it gives it just enough of a malleable edge for you to go ahead and chisel through it without issue. As you're going, it's three checks one for each trammel. So the first one? 31. (skittering, clanging) After about five minutes or so, you finish and grab one of the trammels and (clang) onto the ground. Begin on the other. (skittering) 17. Okay. The second trammel, as you're chiseling along, you feel as the metal (cracking) begins to bend and snap in one place. It's still one piece. (sighs) The DC has gone up, but you get one more shot at that one. The DC was 20. Now it's 25. If this fails, it's going to break a trammel. No. The hammer is allowing the process to take place. The trance is there. It's up to you. All righty. 30. You managed to complete the scrolling on the trammel. The trammel is still noticeably fragile, but it seems functional. The enchantment will be channeled. So second trammel's done. Final check on the third and final trammel. With that, the feverish pace of the scrolling as you work across the final trammel, Grog, it's almost to the point where he'll move the chisel to a place, you'll hammer, move back and he's going too fast and he has to go back. And while he's not even looking at you, the chisel will clang multiple times across the side of it, telling you to fucking hit the back of it with the hammer. You take it and slam it, move along, eventually coming across each side of the spiraling trammel to completion. At that point, the hammer still in your grasp, you back away. Percival, you take it and the heated edge of it is burning into your hand a little bit and you walk over and drop it into the trough water. (sizzling) Turn around, drop it next to the third and final piece. And as Percival hits-- He passes out onto the stairs, half-leaning onto the stairs. You catch him. Grog, you look at your feet where Percival left the last piece and you reach down and pick up the three trammels. They're about that long, each of them, and they're these heavy spikes that come to a gradual spiraling twist at the tip. They're covered in intricate, beautiful scrolling of some sort of arcane language that you are unfamiliar with, and you don't think you've been so proud to be part of crafting anything like this before. And with the completion of the trammels, this leg of your journey now complete, we're going to close tonight's episode. Good game. (sighs) We'll pick up this at GenCon next week at our live show. If you want to take that point now, we'll say with the end of this episode you guys take a mansion rest? No? So are you going to long rest and then Plane Shift or Plane Shift and then long rest wherever you land? All righty, then. So. We'll pick up there next week at GenCon. (exhales) All right, guys. Yeah. Yes, bring your binders. Bring your sheets. Otherwise, the rest of you, thank you for joining us, as always. Rest well. See you next week, and is it Thursday yet? Good night.