Hello, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. (heavy sigh) Every goddamn week. Anyway! Before we jump into the craziness of tonight's episode, let's get through some quick announcements, here! First and foremost, merch update. Laura, what do we got? They're shipping soon, right? Perfect. Next update, we have Wednesday Club for next week. I disagree, sir! Yeah, I am! I'm going to be there for this! That's so much of my childhood, you have no idea. Any Marvel Masterpiece? I'll talk more about it on the show, but I have a long history with those cards. All righty! Thank you, Taliesin! Signal Boost, I believe we had our recent episode went up this week with our fantastic Ashley Johnson! (cheering) He learned from the last episode, if you stack them in a trenchcoat. Two more people have to die before you eventually become the most interesting man in the world. One now? That's right. Last but not least. Couple things. Talks Machina, every Tuesday, 700pm Pacific Time here on Twitch and Alpha with our fantastic Brian Foster, talk about this episode next-- no, not next week, we're off next week because it's 4th of July. We'll talk about this episode and next episode on Talks two weeks from now. We'll see you then. Today, the Sagas of Sundry Dread went up. Which we're super excited about. For those who were here for International Tabletop day, Ivan van Norman ran me, Taliesin, Satine Phoenix, Amy Dallen, Amy Vorpahl through a very intense game of Dread, all being late 80s, early 90s high school kids going up to a cabin experience, and it was awesome. Well, we made a show! It was amazing. TALIESIN and It's genuinely one of the coolest experiences I've ever had as a player in a game. If you have the opportunity, it's on Alpha. If you have Alpha, go check it out. If you don't have Alpha, there's a 60-day free trial code. What's the code? SHIPMATES. You have until tomorrow to try it out, so if you're like, "I don't want to pay for Alpha!" Well, you don't have to for 60 days now! Just put SHIPMATES in, and you'll be fine. That would be the worst sound. (bubbling milk sound) Anyway, that's enough of that, guys. Anyway. That's the end of our announcements. And as such, that brings us to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [music] In some degrees. Whether through bad luck or not fully understanding the scope of what you were up against, a number of you fell in battle, with one of them not being able to be restored, being Vax'ildan, who was reduced to dust by a Disintegration spell. Realizing that your fortunes were failing, with Grog banished to another dimension and only barely returning in time, you joined hands and Keyleth attempted to travel you out of the plane to safety, of which Vecna attempted to stop with a Counterspell, and Scanlan attempted to stop that Counterspell with his own Counterspell, like a bard is wont to do. So you successfully transported, grabbing the corpse of Delilah Briarwood, who Percival finished off with a shot to the head. You found yourselves, last we left off, emerging deep into a wooded forest in some unknown location within the Feywild. Upon arriving, and glancing about, to see that you're still mostly intact, clutching the no-longer-living corpse of Delilah behind you. Vax, not with you, and Vex, realizing, asked the question As you look around at this point, for the first time really taking in the surroundings around you, you find yourself deep in a shaded, thick wood, where most of the leaves here are wide and triangular in shape. Where you expect to see deep greens, instead you see blues and purples. You see the tips eventually coming to a midnight blue at the edge. There's a very faint mist that has gathered across the ground that stands about knee-height. The ground beneath you seems to have a somewhat crunchy sponginess to it with each step, though you cannot see where your feet actually touch the ground. It is not all diamonds. You do hear the ever-present echoing distant hooting of owls. (owl hooting) As the body of Delilah Briarwood, the head still scattered and divided right around the forehead, this giant cleft of her skull hemisphere is gone. Whatever matter was once there has loosely fallen out as she's been dragged from one location. You do see the left eye, which is not human, it seems, in appearance. The white is instead a sickly greenish-yellow, and the pupil is a cat-like slit of black, surrounded by a thin, greenish-blue tint. As soon as you look down and see the face, the eye which just looks upward at nothing, the dead body still, the eye twitches and shifts to look at you. Do you have an Identify spell? Make an arcana check. As you get down close to glance at the rather disturbingly bloodied face of Delilah Briarwood, the eye shifts back towards you. The closer you get, you watch as the thinning slit of the pupil seems to widen and focus on you. It's an unsettling presence. As you try and concentrate to see if there's any immediate signs of whether it be sigils or arcane marks that would mark it to be more of a magically enchanted object than an actual organic eye, nothing comes to mind other than the fact that it seems to be very intent on studying you back. Using your fingers? Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Okay, you (slurping). If you want to. Up to you. How many more bardic inspirations do you have after the battle? Yeah. Your fingers are now knuckle-deep in Delilah Briarwood's socket. If you're not trained in it, then yeah. You begin humming your favorite eye-pulling song under your breath and with a horrible sucking sound, you pull the eye from her socket, leaving this trail of dark black and red viscera that dangles from it loosely. As you pull it free, whatever attached the eye to it seems to burn off and fall, leaving just the circular socket. I also need you to roll a wisdom saving throw. It's not a magic spell, I'd say it's a magic effect, yeah. I'll say, as a gnome, for this, yes, you would. So you watch as Scanlan pulls this eye out and looks at it for a second. For you, it's less of an actual voice, but these images come to your mind of all the terrible things that have happened in your life the loss of your mother, the near-loss of Kaylie, the loss of your friends, every person that's ever mattered to you, you've seen slain before you or heard about. You could stop that from ever happening again. All the answers you could have. You would have the power to prevent any of that from ever happening again. And it's so simple. It's so simple! As this is happening, you watch as he's looking at it and this hand goes up and starts clawing into his own eye socket. Dex isn't going to help you so much as it's going to be a strength thing. Go ahead and make an athletics check. For you, for this, this would be an acrobatics to try and dodge out of the way. Athletics. You're trying to slap it out of his grasp. You slap and the hand pulls back a little bit and he yanks it back. You can see a trail of blood beginning to pool out of the corner of the eye. Yeah. This is the last chance anybody has to try and do this or Scanlan loses an eye. We're going into Event Horizon moment, here. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Roll an acrobatics check. As his fingers are digging into the socket and the other eye's just staring at this piercing circular gaze in his grasp in his right. You see the blood beginning to trail down his face in two different places. He's gotten his fingers partway behind his own eye. You rush up and grab him by the wrist, put your other hand right at the front of his face, pushing his nose and cheek up. You pull it back and you watch as, from behind the eyelid, his fingers slip out. He's fighting it with all his might. As you pull back, as soon as you get it free, with your other hand, you backhand. You knock the eye out of his other hand, and it goes (falling noise) and disappears beneath the mist. The throbbing pain, and you're not able to focus in this eye at the time. You're effectively unable to see out of this eye really well until your next long rest. It's pretty damaged just from the brief grabbing. You could try to heal him, if you want. Your mind comes back to you for a minute. You're like, "What the fuck is wrong with me?!" You said you were going to look in the mist for it? The remains of Vax. 14. As you dive over in the direction of where you think you saw it go, the mist is thick, and you start pushing it away, and there is very dense underbrush and foliage that is gathered here that created the crunchy floor. Glancing through and pushing around, there's no sign of the eye. Okay. You're not using the actual light, you're using the box? The thickness in the mist right now, the light would probably hinder your search than help it. You watch as some of the mist dissipates and very quickly begins to roll back. The mist here is almost aggressive in its need to fill the space. Like a lot of things in the Feywild, it almost has its own sense of nature and purpose. It's not going to let someone push itself back if it wishes to exist on the forest floor. As you're rushing in to help, because you've already made the investigation check and the mist is rolling in, and based on his inability to find it, you're not even quite sure where it landed. Make your own investigation check, but you're at disadvantage. Okay. Over the next three or four minutes, as you guys pat through and tear roots apart and sections of the forest floor, there is no sign of where the eye landed. You can certainly try. You go over and grab your holy symbol and kneel to the ground, focus on whatever this dark relic is that seems to have plagued you in two different ways in the past ten minutes. As you concentrate, you feel the divine light of Sarenrae come and restore warmth from the center of this cold forest. You feel the energy flow through you and the image of her face descending from above, her mouth opening and she exhales this breath over you, and as it does, you suddenly can clarify your visual perception on this object. You know exactly the direction it is. You start walking in that direction. You push past Grog and push past Percival. You find a portion of the ground and you look, and it's not there, but you know it's that direction. Trying to push aside the mist in the area, and it's all closed in now. The Gust cantrip held back what it could while you cast the spell. The mist separates again. You look, and you can see the direction where it would be, and as you glance over and focus your attention, it looks like between two of the roots, there's a portion of fresh dirt. You start scooping in. About three inches down, you scoop down and pull up a big handful of moist dirt and then there, you watch as some of it falls away. You see the wet exterior of the greenish-yellow eyeball. It began to burrow. You see it glancing about. The eye is flickering around like it's rapidly trying to find a way out. You close the box. Yeah. The eye wasn't removed from the socket, but the damage that was around it seems to have healed up from the mild Cure Wounds. There's still the drying blood that has pooled down the cheek, but it appears that most of the initial damage has been sealed. You are in the center, or at least completely surrounded by enclosed, dense, bluish-purple forest. You cannot see above the canopy. What little bit of light is visible seems to be from a bioluminescence beneath the fog. As you pushed below, you could see what appeared to be bits of fungus that grew out of the forest floor. The slowly dying off and decomposing leaves and fallen branches. It's almost like this underlit glow, but you don't see any structures, no signs of civilization. You have no idea where you are. You've not been to this part of the Feywild. It can range based on the purity of the diamond, how well it's been cut. You can make an intelligence check, if you'd like. 13. I mean, that's a lot of diamonds. That can range, depending on the purity and where in the world they're found. There's a standard amount when it comes to magic practices that aren't tailored to the cultural variations of cost. You couldn't ask somebody, "Sell me these diamonds, "but for six times the cost," you know. It wouldn't help the spell occur. That's the general equivalent to the amount of diamonds that are consumed required for his spell. You've never seen that many diamonds in one place. All sorts of things. Many precious metals, gems, stone that was used for crafting, hewing into various forms of masonry. Anything that could be reaped from beneath the Cliffkeep Mountains, that's what Kraghammer specialized in. And did you specify the location? What's interesting, when last you were in the Shademirk, you recall this being a very oil-thickened forest. Correct, this is the Shademirk. This is where you battled with Saundor. However, the forest you're in now, if this is indeed the same location, it seems to have vastly recovered from the corruption that Saundor's presence gave, which is why it's both unfamiliar to you and not as oppressive as the last time you visited. Yeah, you open it up. You hold it back and hold the door open. Immediately, glancing in, you see it staring right back at you. You watch as he holds the manacles and does a flourish with his hand and they vanish from sight. They seem to apparate immediately into his grasp. Make a nature check. You're familiar with forests, definitely, and you can see telltale signs of scurrying, telltale signs of track marks in the ground, feces left behind by living creatures. You do see signs of things that live throughout these forests everywhere. You see a number of tracks that would resemble creatures of that size or larger. Some seem bear-like, some seem larger than that, though similar claws and heavy footprints. Some that are smaller and skittery. You see there was a small cluster of what might be deer-like creatures, but you're not quite sure what the tracks are. There's plenty of life that wanders through here. Apparently, since you've arrived, none that seem bold enough to approach you too closely in this clustered clearing you're in. Can't even call it a clearing, because you maybe have a total of ten feet you're all crammed into at this time. (magic noise) All right, so what are you guys doing? What are you casting, Pike? Mass Cure Wounds? All right, go for it. Everyone healed 31. Trinket gets up, (bear grumbling). She's been stuffed into the Bag of Holding. Interesting. With the natural 20 nature check you made earlier there is, I don't want to say, not a kinship, but a sense of understanding between you and the surrounding forest. It's hard to explain, and you haven't really had this sense before; this is more a Keyleth territory of having this connection with nature. But it's because you wield Fenthras and were responsible in a large way for cleansing this landscape, that as you begin to approach and look for trees for a place to sleep, you watch as one tree, the branches seem to bend down to form a small ladder. You watch as the boughs above separate and create an easy-to-lay-down cluster of branches and leaves. That's pretty sad. All right. The rest of you find yourselves to a night's rest, seemingly protected for the time being by the surrounding Shademirk Forest, no longer the Shademirk Bog. And unconsciousness takes you, Grog taking first watch. Now, I'm going to ask you guys, if you wouldn't mind, to step into the kitchen. Everybody but Liam. All right, we're getting Liam back in here. Shoo. No, we'll probably have you back in. Getting tangled? We'll wait for them to leave the room. Vax'ildan. As your eyes dart back and forth, glancing upward at the sky above, snow hitting and stinging your paralyzed eyes, you see the terrible lich above you, a flash of green, then darkness. Floating without weight, without temperature. You glance around in the surrounding shadow and cannot see anything; your hands before you, nothing. It is just void, darkness. You will yourself to see something, anything, and in an instant, you begin to glow. Your form becomes visible around you. You can now see your body, nude and held aloft in this dark space, emanating this soft, vibrant orangish-white light. As the light begins to emanate and cast away the darkness, you also see what appears to be a tangling of some sort of web strands of silk that also begin to glow with a similar light as to your form that holds you tightly in your position. You struggle, but you're held firm. You think you yell out, but as you glance upward to shout for help, you see the shadows now curl back to reveal the familiar sight of a massive white porcelain woman's face. Eyeless, yet staring straight at, if not through you. Her presence, imposing as it may be, soothes you as her giant hand, larger than a house, a palace, it seems, almost, emerges from below and gives you a ground to step on, your feet finding purchase in the center of her dark palm. As your feet touch her palm, the silk web seems to loosen. You cast off the threads and fall to your hands and knees. You take a moment, and you hear that soft voice once more. "My champion, you "return to me and tear a swath through the tapestry. Please, be calm. My sight can pierce "many veils, but you've been hidden from my sight in recent days, and I am worried what foulness has "turned its intent upon us. Now, here you come to me, your very thread frayed and soul "transitioning. An unexpected destiny for my beautiful fate-touched." One of her fingers curls through your hair at the back of your head. "Tell me what you have seen." "I have many enemies." "What does this Vecna intend?" "How so? How can one man be this dangerous? What does he intend? What have you learned?" "I wonder why he guards my sight. Well." She goes into quiet contemplation for a moment. You see the strands of hair that emanate from the sides of the mask slowly shifting like waves on an ocean. "This Vecna comes to your world to be a king?" "This is historical. Mortals continuously intend to find others to grind into dust. If this "being has the power to block my sight, he has power beyond a mortal realm. Did you see anything? "Anything else?" "And in your short spark with him, you learned nothing more of his plan? "No hint of what he's plotting?" "We have." "She lives, still. She is beyond my influence. However, your body is ash, and your "soul is steeped in the divine energies that uphold the paths between life and death. You've earned "your eternal rest." The mask begins to recede into the darkness. The faint gray of the mask that begins to fade into shadow stops and comes back even brighter, vibrant, almost. You sense the mystery of the Raven Queen shift from this entity that dodges and weaves to instead a pillar of power of life and death that is both awe-striking and awe-fearing. And for a moment, you realize how small you are in her presence. "You truly see, to seek this, to bring it to its end?" "Your resolve is admirable. Your love of your chosen family is vibrant. What I offer you is "the power to see this conflict through to its end. You will be briefly beyond the very grasp of "death, and I will hold back any attempt for you to transition. You will be a bulwark of my power in "cold flesh, walking between heartbeats, unstoppable. You will have the power to walk once "more with Vox Machina, with your sister, with your Keyleth. And should you use this power wisely, "perhaps save Exandria, save them, save her. But when it's done and this foul, undying king lies "dead or sealed, you will return to me, my champion, evermore." The imposing image now shifts and changes. In an instant, the giant being is now the simple woman, the mask you once saw removed now missing. And there, the somewhat sad, beautiful pale face of the Raven Queen as she steps forward. The silence is broken by the sounds of her footsteps across nothing. (footsteps) Her hand comes up. Warm. You weren't expecting, as it traces across your brow and curves across to your chin and pulls it up. "Do you accept my gift?" "Perhaps you will keep me company when you come back to me. Do you accept?" "Then so be it. You, whose nature bucks destiny, my beautiful thing. Go. Share what you "have shared with me with others like me. Take what you can learn of this Vecna's plans, for if he can "block his intent from one, who knows what he plots against the other powers beyond the gate? Learn "from them. Ask them. You have my blessing. They have theirs to give, as well, and they may be all "that stands between the ruin of this world and you. Let their blessings turn the tides, "Vax'ildan. But use your time wisely, for corruption like this waits for no one. Now." She pulls your head down and kisses you on the forehead and brings your head close to hers, and you hear a voice whisper right into your ear, ever so faintly. "Wake up!" We need to go ahead and retrieve the rest of the cast now, if you wouldn't mind stepping aside. Thank you. (sighs, laughs) That's interesting. I'm here in silence. How creepy is this? I never get to talk with you guys at the table by myself. I don't even know what to do. Oh, they enter now. (laughs) Welcome back! Come, have a seat! Plug in! Jack in. Oh yeah, that's actually a pretty good-- To each their own, I suppose. (laughs) All right. So as you make your watch. Who's making second watch? Long rest. Yeah, so if you don't rest, you don't get rid of that point of exhaustion. All right, so Percival, second watch? Perception check. Okay. Your watch continues without issue. Final watch is? Pike. Final watch. Perception check. 19, okay. While there is no real change from day to night in the Feywild, it's in that perpetual nearly dusk, sunset, purple-orange skyline, which you can see elements of creeping through since you're higher up in the brush of the forest. You do hear the shifting of sounds. The evening owl hooting has changed to more gentle bird chirps and sounds that would usually befit birds that lead to morning to you. Whether that be the forest itself, its natural cycle, or it altering to fit your cycle of sleep. At the end of your watch-- you've had your full rest, but are still a little groggy, you hear what sounds like the crushing of leaves on the ground below you. Okay. You're up in the tree, still. You glance down. You see a humanoid figure emerge from one of the nearby trees. Pale, nude. Long, dark black hair. Groggily stepping into the glade where you just were. It's a familiar figure. You crawl down. Okay. Make a stealth check. 22. (laughs) Passive wisdom. As you carefully stay in the tree, you shake your head a bit, wandering into this opening here, not quite sure where you are as your senses are coming to, and you hear this slight scraping of something against bark. You immediately glance up and can see the small shine of a silver-and-brass set of armor as a tiny gnome is currently held up into the boughs of a tree. The naturally sensitive ears, even in a sleeping state, that are Vex's, being the wild hunter you are, you hear a suddenly loud voice below that catches your attention, and your eyes flicker open. Darting down the tree rapidly. You watch as your sister falls into the foliage. There you see before you, your brother. Clothes-less. He's physical. He's cold. But he's there. Sure. 20? Right as you've known your brother, there doesn't seem to be anything that tells you otherwise. Now as you notice, now that you've lost focus from the fact that he's there, you can see where previously, there was a small, darkened spot on his chest that looked like a bruise of some kind that never quite went away, it has expanded a bit to be almost in the shape of wings across the front of the chest. You listen closely. Make a medicine check. Oh shit. You get close, and to get close to where his heart is, you have to pull him down a bit. With gnomish size right now, this is getting all sorts of weird. You hear a very faint, slow heartbeat. It's there. (slow heartbeat) Percival, you've got a pretty decent perception. At this point, with the sound and the shifting up and down the tree, and you guys are pretty alert by nature, you all start coming to. Except for Grog. You're snoring. You're both asleep. The armor's still being clutched by Keyleth. You actually haven't seen Keyleth yet. She's still up in the tree. It's okay. Okay. You come down, and there, next to Vex and Percival, at a distance of a few feet, you see the pale body standing before you of Vax'ildan, breathing. You guys wake up, slowly, from all of this. Colder than you remember, yeah. Make a medicine check. You hear the faint, slow heartbeat. Still filled with dust. You Channel Divinity Turn Undead. As you say that, she takes her holy symbol and clutches it, and you watch as there's this divine flash and this emanating force, this low hum. As it billows out, and you've seen her use it before. Clutching Vax in your hand, you feel the warmth pass over you. No seeming effect. You cut him. It's a sharp pain, and you watch as it bleeds. Yeah. It's interesting, Vax. As Scanlan says those words, you realize-- It's part of your new multi-class. Level five paladin, level 12 rogue, level one nudist. (laughter) The words he said about always having a death wish, and now the death wish is over. There's a strength in you, a confidence, an assurance that wasn't there before. That fear of death is gone. As he says that, for the first time, while you raced towards death previously, it was out of fear, and out of martyr-like purpose. It's just confidence now. And that's where we're going to take a break. We'll be back here in just a minute. We'll continue from here so we can get a drink and a restroom break. We have our giveaway. Fantastic zebrawood deck box from our friends at Wyrmwood. It's got a little card to tell you it's zebrawood. One lucky winner's going to get this when we come back from the break, so if you want to be part of this giveaway, go over to the Twitch chat and enter when it's requested by the chat, enter the word "raven." We'll have a winner for you when we get back. SAM and That's so raven, guys. All righty. Cool. We'll see you guys here in a few minutes. [break] Welcome, guys, back to Critical Role. The chat room winner of our fantastic Wyrmwood deck box is NightMist1. NightMist1, congratulations. Denobo will contact you for your information, and we'll get that to you asap. Well done. All righty, everyone. So there, figuring out the scenario revolving the return of Vax'ildan to Vox Machina, and slowly learning some of the scenario around it and the discussions that took place. (burps) Pardon. (laughter) Goddamn right. I have no ego anymore. I learned early to stomp that out. All righty, so as you put your equipment and armor back on, minus your haste boots. Make a performance check. (laughter) There isn't much space for it to really echo, as the trees absorb a lot of the sound, but you howl. It's cathartic. You wait. You don't hear any response. 19. The creator gods, the prime gods, the creators of Exandria, when they left the Prime Material Plane and left the realm of the elemental planes and the divine gate was crafted to separate their powers from the Prime Material for fear of causing another calamity and wiping out mortal existence on this realm, many of them withdrew and crafted realms where they reside, where they, themselves, harness their energies of creation and where the souls that fall under their spheres of influence come to upon being passed. The Raven Queen is responsible for ushering that transition. You do know that Sarenrae exists on a plane like this, and she's not the only god that exists on this one particular plane. Ashley, were you about to ask a question? Being attuned to a deity isn't being attuned to a plane of existence, and those things can be-- the attunement process. You don't know much about what that would entail, but you imagine that would have something to do with a place of very strong holy worship of that particular deity. Make a religion check. Yeah, you do. 17. There is the Moon Weaver. She is the god of moonlight and the autumn season, as well as the patron of illusions and misdirection. Ioun. To Vasselheim. No. And with a singular howl, you all shift out of the Feywild and then rapidly appear right on the outskirts of the outer wall of Vasselheim. You see the large, almost Sumerian-looking structures and walls that surround the outside. The ancient architecture of the place definitely has the oldest look, and you remember seeing it from the top when you flew in through your first skyship arrival into Vasselheim. The snow-covered ground and snow-covered trees as part of the Vesper Timberland. You can make a perception check. As you arrive, there's a weird fuzziness in your mind in regards to-- I would like all of you guys to make a wisdom saving throw, please. Yes. Creatures who have fey ancestry are immune to it, yeah. You're immune. If you have the fey ancestry trait, you're immune. Saving throw, yes. It's not a spell or magical effect. It's a planar effect, so I'd say no. What did you get? 14. Yeah. No, can you do it on a saving throw? I think it's just ability checks. Let me check, just to be safe. Yeah, ability checks. Nine? Okay, so as you guys all arrive on the outside of Vasselheim, the cold air hits you. Grog, Scanlan Vax is there alive in front of you. The last thing you saw was him turn to dust, and you guys left the Shadowfell, and then from the Shadowfell and this battle, you've just now returned, not as wounded as you were before. Anything that can end a curse works for it. Roll an attack roll. Scanlan, as this is happening, Pike walks up and touches her hand on you, and there's a flash of warm energy through your body, and suddenly the memories rush back to you from the Feywild. Magical muumuu? Flying above the whole time. Okay. That's two Greater Restorations. The memory returns to you of the Feywild. Vax. You feel this small, pounding headache in your head. It's a very faint burn. Yeah. You shake your head, and it changes in your head, based on where you're facing. TRAVIS and No. It's... make a survival check to try and figure out where you are around the city of Vasselheim. Okay. Based on looking at the placement of the sun in the sky, looking at the mountain range that this is built on the northern side of the city, you get the sense that you guys are close to the perfectly south side of Vasselheim, the entrance that leads toward the Quad Roads in the center. That burning sensation, it seems to be localized. No matter where you turn your head, it's pointing that direction, to the northwest of your current location, and the more you concentrate on it, the more you feel that hatred and loathing curl and push in that direction. You know what lies in that direction. Let me double-check. Let me double-check here, real fast. You know the distance, yeah. You roughly know, about 350 miles from where you stand, to the northwest. 350 to 400 miles northwest. It'll be fun. This is part of your charge. This was part of the deal that you struck. You are the Raven Queen's homing missile. Oh, you're talking about the-- You're referring to the Abundant Terrace, within the Birth Heart. The Birth Heart would be on the northeastern side of the city. Yeah. All right, so you two are splitting off and the rest of you are going to Sarenrae? All right. The five of you make your way through the Quad Roads, towards the northern side of the Quad Roads before it splits off at the base of the mountain and before it divides off towards the Abundant Terrace and the Trial Forge. The Braving Grounds. That is where you spent a lot of time raising the temple of the Everlight, Sarenrae. Traversing there on the cold day, the city seems to be as vibrant as ever, and as dour as ever, as is the nature of those who live in these northern lands, but you know, smiles and existence come together occasionally. You come to the temple. It looks well-kept. The various clerics and acolytes that you had assigned to watch over it in your absence over this past year and a half before you ventured out to defeat the Conclave seem to have taken good care, and it's warming to your heart to see what appears to be children stepping out, laughing with their parents in what seems to have been a small service of some kind. And as you begin to watch and approach, you can see the acolytes that are saying goodbye to those at the front door glance over and see your face, and they brighten immediately. There you go, clear your nose. Acolyte Sheila, who is one of the older women who first helped you raise it and became one of your first acolytes here at the temple. The temple which is being known now as the Temple of Renewal. It is the official title of the location, which is taken from the realm of Sarenrae, known as the Island of Renewal. As she sees your face, Acolyte Sheila goes, "Pike! Mistress Pike!" And runs up and takes you in her arms. She tries to lift you, but you're far too heavy with the armor. (grunts) "Yes, of course." You guys see this woman in probably her late-forties or early-fifties, mostly gray-silver hair with streaks and bits of a dark brown. It's put back in some sort of a bun with a large stick through the center to hold it in place. She's wearing robes of light blue and gold, very much in the way that you've seen Pike wear most of her equipment and earlier armor to her deity. She looks around. "Well, my apologies. I am Sheila, and I know who you are. We've heard much. You are welcome. You "are welcome here at the Temple of Renewal. Please come in." "The hard part was already done. Come into her light, please." And leads you all into this tower. The excavation site here. What was once a large pit, below which the original temple was, the edges have been ground down to be this slow decline, and a tower was risen up. The actual stonework was ascended about 15 feet up, so it's not quite street level; it's a little below, but it's this small bowl that leads to the tower itself, and then it rises up a good 30 feet. "That's a bit beyond my realm. Perhaps we should speak to Acolyte Vincent Clore. He's the "keeper of knowledge and scripture. He'd probably be more help than I." What do you want to do? The tower itself is a fairly wide tower. 30 feet high at street level. It's about 45 feet full height from where the baseline rising it was and the rest of the tower that's been assembled beyond that. On the inside, there are four floors, all of which have a hollow center about ten feet across, for in the center of the entire tower is one long, thin, ascending tower of what looks to be a sculpture of stone and gold and platinum-colored angels and clouds that all turn and twist. It rises up like this thin spire of sculpture, and there at the very top, you see the phoenix-like wings clutching the ruby stone at the top, the symbol of Sarenrae. As you step to the base of this structure, which you haven't even seen finished; you left before this was completed. It's awe-inspiring to see this thing that you saw the very early stages of come into creation, and now it's strangely comforting to know that for all the effort that you put in, for all the strange responsibility you put on yourself, that none of this would get done if you weren't there, it's comforting to know that even without your presence, it can carry on to completion. And that as it is with worship, you don't need to helm it. Once you give it a shove, it carries itself forward. You close your eyes and you kneel below at the base of this amazing statue, one of the few only standing to her direct worship of its size, of any note to the world at this time. What do you say as your prayer? As the words leave your mouth, yourself prostrate before the temple you helped build with your own hands, you open your eyes, but you see not the temple before you. You see, instead, around you essences of a vision that have been blurred at the edges, but now come clear. You see around you sandy shores, pearlescent almost. White sand that glitters in your presence, just at the peripheral, glass gems, diamonds, you can't tell, but the light that hits it seems to just sparkle and give off this light. You hear water around you rushing up and pulling back from the shore. You see statues, so many statues before you, and one that appears to be a glass fortress, a spire that rises up crystalline, translucent, but seeming to glow with the flicker of an internal flame's heartbeat. As you look up at the top of the temple, you see the wings unfurl, drift towards you, and you see coming towards you the physical form of the Everlight herself. Her darkened skin, her beautiful smile, her light hair leaving a trail of flame and gold and sunlight behind. She comes forth and drifts right before you and says, "Then the time is right for us to meet. Come. Come "and join me on the Island of Renewal, within the blessed fields of Elysium. Here, we can speak." Her hands reach out and clasp yours, and the warmth of her touch is hot. You feel like it's borderline burning, but it doesn't hurt. You instinctually, that animalistic essence of primal life tells you to pull back, but you don't. It's a comforting heat, like holding a cup of fresh, hot tea. She seems to almost lift you off the feet, up to her. And her size, which was so vast and immense seems to come to meet yours one-on-one. She goes, "Then come. You have the tools. You have "the means. I await." And as she lets go, you look down in your hand and you see what appears to be a small little piece of curved metal made of a bright, polished platinum, like a U. As you look up to her again, you're just staring at the statue. You're staring around the temple. You look down at your hand, but the item remains. Structurally similar, I suppose. I can give, and I can take away. (laughs) It's different in the designs that have been crafted, that have been a little more crude. This has, once you reach out and touch it, it has that vibration to it, that hint of attuned activity to the metal, the pure metal, that definitely gives you some semblance of direction in your subtle understanding of the inner and outer planes and the general cosmology that surrounds Exandria. Make a religion check. 23. She mentioned the blessed fields of Elysium. Sarenrae, as you know, the general understanding of her existence in the pantheon had been faded for a while. There was a betrayal to her in the Calamity and most of her following was annihilated. As gods, as they currently exist, their worship is what sustains their importance and viability in the various planes. She diminished, so her location, her home, has been kept from most existing scripture and worship both for her protection and those of her followers. So the existence of the Island of Renewal and where it may be have only recently come to your attention. The blessed fields of Elysium, though, they are a fairly well-known location in religious circles, and is also home to the Fortress of the Sun, the home of Pelor, the Dawnfather. Different area on the plane. The Fortress of the Sun. The blessed fields of Elysium are an idyllic plane of good. They know the gods, and they know the realms, but the name of the plane? This is known to her because of her study of religion. This is more of an academic understanding of the real essence of the gods, where they come from. Sheila begins to return two minutes later with acolyte Vincent Clor, who's this mousy-looking guy. His eyes are smaller than they should be it seems for the size of his round face, he comes up with a big toothy grin. "I was told that you were seeking my presence, "wonderful Mistress Pike." I'll get to you guys in a moment. "No, I don't." "Right, okay." "Sounds like a really, really bad man." "He's here?" The date would be-- Yes, there is. Hold on, I'm having to look it up because you did this to me. "It is the 12th day of Misothar of 812 PD?" It sounds like the exact same day that you left, actually. You did luck out! I was like, oh man! There's a chance they could show up and have missed the whole thing. I would have had to change a lot, but that would have been fun. That would have been fun. From one roll, yeah. Hey, Feywild's a dangerous thing when timetables-- You look at Sheila and Vincent, who look like anyone's in-laws, and go, "Very well, Mistress, right?" "Yes, we'll do our best." "Yes, they are a home to souls who champion the cause of good outside the forces of law and "chaos. It's a beautiful place, from what the tales say. Many who go never leave. It's so beautiful." "As far as I know, only the Dawnfather himself." The Dawnfather is Pelor. "That's all I know. My research is limited." "Of course, my pleasure, Mistress Pike. Good luck. Hopefully, you'll stop this thing." "Thank you!" Yep. You're those friends. They smile and walk away, but Vincent Clor definitely seems a bit shaken by the knowledge that you just brought to him. But you make your way out of the temple. Where are you off to? What's your next direction? You two. Where you going? It doesn't do anything. You have to attune to it. At this point in time, by the way, you watch as four armed guards start approaching. They're approaching you, and two on the sides are spreading out, and two are walking up with purpose towards you guys. As the two come to the flank and stop, hands on the sides of their spears, the two that walked up the middle, there's one that looks to be a captain of some kind and this one to his right who's dressed in standard guard gear looks like he's got a few long-healed scars and he goes, "That looks just like him." The one in adorned armor. "Sir, might I have your name and purpose here in Vasselheim?" (giggling) Make a deception check with disadvantage. The captain-looking individual goes, "Right, Mr. Frostbucket. We would like the both of you to "please come with us." The two guards rush into your flank a bit and place their hands on your shoulder and your shoulder. "You've been walking with him for 20 minutes." You make a deception check. It's a natural 20! He goes, "Really. And what's your name?" "Uh-huh. Well, Gerald Butler, the two of you should come with us." He turns around and starts walking away. The other guard with him, the one who spotted you earlier, walks with him, but keeps looking over his shoulder at you. He looks genuinely terrified of you. At this point, you realize, oh yeah, you've seen this guy before. The two other guards shove you forward, and as they push you a couple of steps in that direction, they lower their spears towards your back, "Keep moving!" Yeah, there's probably roughly 20 to 25 different townsfolk. You carve a figure. Yep! That's our catchphrase now. Yeah, there's the captain. The one that looks scared looks over and says, "Is your other friend around? The other big one?" "Yeah with the--" "That one." Turns to the guard captain and goes, "There's another one around here. Possibly two." Make an intimidation check. All right. (laughs) First, make a deception check to see if they look. You urging them on is just enough to get them to glance over and look, which gives you enough time to cast the spell and release this image, and from around the corner, with heavy footfalls, you watch as what appears to be some horrific-looking iron golem-type entity that's covered in spikes and darkness and giant fists. (heavy impacts) People start screaming and scattering, and the guards are all of a sudden. (gasping) At which point, suddenly you watch as its size expands even further. It has metal tusks that now protrude from the front of its face, and it's breathing steam and smoke, its eyes red and glowing. (huffing) The guard captain there, immediately seeing this, reaches back and pulls a horn off his belt. (horn blows) (horn blows, cracking) Angrily starts stomping around, not affecting anything directly. Make a deception check with disadvantage. He glances back at you, reaches back, and starts pulling a set of manacles from the side of his belt and glances over at this image, and you see the face of recognition, of somebody who now knows exactly what you were up to. This guy is not your petty wandering guard in the center of the street, and while two other guards have rushed up to try to push townsfolk out of the way, and they have their spears drawn at this thrashing entity, the captain goes, "Stop, it's not real." You now see a bunch of other guards that are now, after hearing the horn call, rushing around the sides of the street. He comes over. Roll an attack. Okay. Roll 1d4 damage with the Titanstone Gauntlets and add your strength modifier. Okay. The helmet he was wearing, which is carved around the face and eyes and nose, as you slam it with your fist, it caves in a bit, and he immediately hits the ground and is dazed. The other guards, who were looking at him when he shouted that, saw you deck him in the side of the head, and they immediately start rushing to his aid as the other guards are coming in on the side of the street. What are you guys doing? There are plenty of buildings around here. You guys are still walking through the Quad Roads, and the Quad Roads is the most populated portion of the city. The worship here of Erathis is generally about civilization. There's a lot of people and a lot of buildings around. What are you going to do? All right. Grog, once again, you feel the wings extend. You're free to fly, and huh! That's how numbers work. You leap onto his back as the guards are coming up, and you (wing beats) take up. As you guys begin to fly up, the illusion vanishes immediately, and all of the guards that are rushing up stop, see this happening, and start switching over to their various crossbows and ranged implements. Literally, that escalated quickly. All right, so a bunch of shots trying to be taken at both of you. I'm going to say six to each from the crossbows. What's the giant eagle's AC, Marisha? I rolled a perception check for that one guard, and he rolled really high and saw you walking down the street and was like, "Oh fuck." And went and got the captain. All right, so two shots hit the eagle for seven and six. 13 points of piercing damage. 23 points of piercing damage. I need you to go ahead and make four concentration checks, with advantage. It's your constitution saving throw. You're okay. Okay, you're fine. You maintain concentration. The eagle form flies up. You guys are now beginning to rise up over the city, and you're getting further out of the range of any sort of ranged weaponry to be immediately effective, but you don't know how long before other, bigger guns are brought into the fray. What are you going to do? You look down over the whole Quad Roads and you can now see, the whole city of Vasselheim almost looks like a top-heavy X with the mountain range at the top. The Quad Roads is where that X meets at the base. What are you doing? Make an investigation check. What's the eagle's intelligence modifier? This would be perception, actually. No, you do in wild shape. Polymorph, you do not. What's the bonus to perception? 16. Easy enough, you glance around with your eagle eyes, and you see what appears to be a darkened alleyway that is in a cluster of heavily residential buildings. You dive down. You hold on, (screams) going down into this free fall, the wind rushing past you. You have to grab your hat to make sure it doesn't fly off your head, and then you dive down into the alleyway. Come and land, and you watch as two children that were playing with sticks glance over and go, "Oh!" (screams) And they run out of the alleyway, screaming around the corner. I believe so, yeah. All right, so you both turn invisible and you make your way towards the temple of Sarenrae. As you guys are leaving the temple, this wonderful appearance, you see commotion in the distance, and you see guards rushing from street to street. You guys hear this voice out of nowhere. You don't find a head, but you find Grog. In mist form, it won't take you but a few hours. More than that. Like four hours or so. Okay, then. Tree Stride rolls off the tongue. Okay. So as you guys step through the rapidly created doorway from one of the nearby trees here in the Quad Roads, as you're heading southward into that space, you pull through the portal and end up falling outside of the Cindergrove, in the cauldron that contains the city of Pyrah, of the Fire Ashari. Within a short time, you find yourself to the actual city of Pyrah and make your way towards the home of Cerkonos. Crisis orbs. No worries. Speaking with him and letting him know the circumstance, he nods. "I "do not know the extent in which this danger will present itself, but we will light these orbs with "what information we can. We rely upon you, soon, to fill in the gaps of information." "In Wildemount, you say? It is a far way away." "We will put up the orbs and try and gather what information we have." "Very well." "I don't know where that is, but good luck." Vasselheim is in Issylra, which is the upper left. Yep. Vasselheim is-- I'll have to show you where it is. Vasselheim resides on this side. Possibly. "I will light this beacon. Stay safe, and good luck." "Immediately." "Kaitiaki." LAURA and You Plane Shift? All right, as you all put your hands in each other's, you feel the familiar sense of your physical form being drawn through the barrier of the Prime Material Plane, and much like when you transitioned to the Nine Hells, you feel yourselves pulled into this temporary space, this darkness, this sea of endless void with a distant blinking of stars that shimmer. You understand this as being the Astral Sea. They don't hear you say it because this is so fast. You have no reason to have a conversation. There before you, you see the glimmering, almost burning lattice of the Divine Gate come streaking towards you at immense speed, and you know you've passed through comfortably once before, so you hope and brace for impact and pass through again, that warmth almost coming to a similar state of burning, but then leaving you behind. And just as fast, as it passes by you, you land, your feet hitting ground, ground that gives. Okay. (impact) The ground gives a bit with the impact, and as your eyes focus a bit on the brightness around you, you can see above you a clear blue sky, not a cloud in sight. Your hands and feet a few inches deep into the sand-like beach of some sort of an island, it seems. But it is not sand. They're granules, pebbles, of what appear to be shining pearls. An entire beach of pearls. The water laps the edge of the shore not but five feet behind you, an ocean that is clear and lagoon-like. It's paradise. Looking ahead, you can see the once-crumbling island, now finding renewed strength with the renewed faith. You can see, while there are no trees on this island, the hills themselves seem to carry what seem to be old, statuesque structures. Small temple-like oddities that have been swallowed by time and the ravages of the Calamity, slowly emerging like jagged bits of earth that have been plunged up by seismic activity. Beyond these hills, you see what looks to you, familiar a gargantuan crystal cathedral that resembles the torso of a woman, but where the head is, it spires into a singular point, and from the inside, you see the flickering glow of what seems to be a raging inferno that flickers like a heartbeat from the inside of this crystal citadel. Here you stand on the shores of the Island of Renewal, and that's where we're going to end tonight's session. (impressed noises) Scanlan and Grog. Sam and Travis, left alone to their devices. As you were having this conversation, I'm like, oh, it would be so funny if-- yeah, they're not being careful. They're walking through the street. Doty knocked out the guards originally, it was just that they followed you as you were following them, and you're an accomplice. Except for the shopkeeper that saw you. No, we haven't. I look forward for the viable possibility for you returning for that conversation, because that's going to be extremely funny. Anyway, guys. Well done. So much fun. Thank you so much. Nope! He's Vax, but on a lot of Quaaludes. (laughter) Yeah, I'll be at AX for the Persona panel on Saturday. You guys, good job, tonight. It was great. What?! I want ice cream. He just ran with my ice cream. You know, I respect that. Well, thank you. Thank you to whoever sent ice cream. And thank you for all the amazing messages. Today has been an absolute flood of positivity.