Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Before we dive into tonight's episode, we have some announcements to get through, so hang tight for just a moment. We have two fantastic sponsors for tonight's episode, the first, of course, our fantastic returning friends and allies in this Campaign Two D&D Beyond. Sam? Thank you, Sam. Yes. May you enjoy your ever-future in race car beds. Thank you, D&D Beyond, for being our friends and allies in this. Our secondary sponsor tonight is the fantastic company Thinkfun's Shadows in the Forest game. For those who haven't seen it, this is the reimagining of the classic game Waldschattenspiel-- I know I pronounced it terribly-- but Thinkfun licensed it, maybe. Shadows in the Forest is the only collaborative board game that you actually play in the dark. In the game you play as Shadowlings, they're these scattered gnomish-like creatures that hide in the shadows and live in the forest, and it's really cool. You all have to work together to try and meet under a singular tree on the board while one of the players plays as a lantern, an actual physical lantern that gives off light, and so you can only move within the shadows, and if the player moves the light-- It's really cool. It's really cool, because if you're playing one of the shadows and you're caught in the light, you can't move, and if the person who's playing the light manages to catch all the Shadowlings in the light, they win, but if all the Shadowlings manage to meet under there-- It actually uses-- It's pretty fun. So you can check it out on Amazon, and it's currently at 20% off there for a limited time, so make sure to pick up your copy now if you plan to. It is Shadows in the Forest, and it is awesome and I'm really excited to try it out. Next up, lets see, Travis do you want to go ahead and talk a little bit about Operation Supply Drop? Thank you guys for your amazing support of this initiative. It's been awesome to watch all the Critters come together to help support our troops there. It's been awesome. We also have a bunch of new live content coming to our Critical Role Twitch stream in the next few weeks, including the season finale of All Work No Play. Yeah. I've seen clips and I'm already pretty excited. There's also an all-honey Honey Heist coming up. (cheering) Isn't Krystina playing? Going to be a lot of fun, so check it out. We also have Sam's Pablove fireside chat coming up soon. Yeah, you do. And much more. Go to critrole.com for details of all these fantastic shows that are coming up in the next couple of weeks. We'll have more updates as far as our content schedule as it comes. Also, our second art book, as you mentioned, Chronicles of Exandria Volume Yep, I know. We will be enjoying time off with our family and friends, but we will be thinking of you guys in the meantime and we will be back the week after that. So there'll be a one week break, we'll see you in two weeks after tonight's episode. I believe those are all-- Oh! Sneaky Laura! Critter calligraphed. Also viable for our really small critters, too. I think Sam will fit in one. In fact for the fireside chat we could-- Well, thank you, Laura. With that, my friends, I think tonight, it's time to dive into our episode of Critical Role. [TV static, click] [groovy Critical Role theme] The Mighty Nein had made their way to the Menagerie Coast, got swept up in a bunch of chaos, and found themselves out at sea, amongst the Swavain Islands, taken in by a pirate crew, captained by Captain Avantika, basically at threat of death otherwise. Sent to an island to investigate a temple, learn about seals that possibly are keeping your patron, Uk'otoa, at bay. Made your way back across the Lucidian Ocean, towards the city of Darktow. Actually actively partook in some piracy. Polite piracy. Sure. Whatever it takes to help you sleep at night. And found yourselves at the pirate city of Darktow, surrounded by the Dragshallow Reef. Where you had just arrived, with both ships, the Squalleater and The Mistake. The crew you had hired out of Nicodranas, looking very confused and concerned at their current fate, given the fact they were just hired hands at sea. You were ushered up along the sheer cliffs alongside Darktow Isle, a long stone shelf within the cavern where the Plank King himself greeted you, bid you entry to the Revelry, this extending band of pirates across this part of the ocean. Laid some ground rules and sent you on your way. And that is where we left off. Mighty Nein, as you descend the rain-covered stone steps that descend down the side of the cliffs-- how's that for alliteration in a phrase? Making your way towards the now-darkened evening city of Darktow, the distant glimmers of interior firelight slightly emanating from open windows. You can see folks walking through town, the light drizzle threatening to stifle the low torchlight being carried from location to location. You can see the outline of dozens of ships that are locked into the shipyard that surrounds the city, as well as the crooked outline of nearby barricades set up across the reefs that surround the island. Avantika proceeds before you. What would you like to do? No, just Avantika. Her crew went to The Bloated Cup, which is a tavern. Correct. You assume you're headed back there. Correct. "Yes?" "Possibly a weird answer." "Well, when we return into the bay, we are to essentially give the materials, or at least a "number of what we've managed to acquire. We are supposed to, essentially-- what is the word I'm "looking for? What is the word I'm looking for?" Tithe, I would say-- You're going through customs and you have to-- Declare, thank you. "You must declare the amount of which you have recently come upon, and "from that there is a tithe offer to the Plank King, roughly about 25-30%. But we do not pay for "our ship repairs, we have free asylum here within the island, and we are under the strict law that "if anyone double-crosses anyone else within the bounds of the city, they will have the hammer of "the Plank King down upon them." "That is the way of life." "More or less, yes. They're not much into governing, more just--" "A union with a very hard-headed and forthright union leader." "Nah. I have my own specific interests, they're much more narrow." "Why, do you have aspirations?" "I didn't think so." "Well, some of us do. There has to be more to you than just this "contradictory-for-the-sake-of-being-contradictory aspect, eh?" "Come, let's have a drink, huh? First round's on me." Well, she lost a stone, technically. "As far as I have been told, at the very least-- this was before my time joining the "Revelry-- there was a disagreement, and the previous Plank King seemed to be in the minority "of the side of this disagreement, and the current Plank King was in the majority. So they stormed "the caverns of the previous Plank King, and tossed most of his corpse to the rocks below." "To his credit, the current Plank King has done a very fine job of maintaining organization "in the Revelry." "He doesn't bother me, he leaves us well enough alone, we follow the rules, we maintain "all of the benefits of being under the banner, and I'm left to my own devices." "There are a number of unsavory types, but I've made a bit of a reputation of being a "little-- eh? People don't like to tangle with that too much, eh?" "Let's see. Open on the seas? About 12, 13 years." "I got sick of following somebody else's orders." "I'll tell you over drinks. This is not the best place to have these discussions, eh? Perhaps "after a few rounds. Come! To The Bloated Cup!" As you guys finish descending the stairs into the city itself, you catch there are quite a few patrols through the city. You can see the torchlight being held by each as they make their way, just keeping an eye out. You get the sense that there's probably quite a number of volunteers, or at least individuals, that are intent on maintaining the semblance of civility here within Darktow itself. Leading close towards The Bloated Cup, it's not that far from where you had set your ship within the shipyard. It's a fairly large two-story tavern, very wide across its bottom, and seems to be at least one of maybe two social gathering sites here within the city, once the sun goes down. Three blocks away, you can already hear the music, chatter, laughter, and yelling. As you approach closer, begin to look from the outside in, the warm light and the movement of shadows across the open windows shows you that the place is pretty jam-packed. As you begin to make your way into, following Avantika, to the interior, you hear the shouting and burbling and clinking of glasses as the far corner has five or six individuals. You're not sure if they're paid musicians, or just sailors who happen to have a bit of experience with a fiddle, a drum, and a flute of some kind. As the music begins to play, you can see there is one table that has a lot of Avantika's crew. They've pushed a bunch of chairs clammed together-- clammed?-- crammed together with some bits of dried bread and somewhat soft fruit, some cheeses laid out, and two large pitchers of ale already waiting at the get-go. Right off from them, you see a smaller table with everyone you've hired from The Mistake, including Orly, all sitting there clutching their glasses looking around scared shitless. As soon as you enter, their eyes turn to you and they go-- (laughter) At which point Avantika goes, "Come! Have a seat!" and pushes one of the other tables out of the way of a few other people that are already sitting at it. She takes her hand and scoots it across the table and they both go, (annoyed grunt), and spit on the ground and get up and move away. Immediately you get the sense that there is a power dynamic. Avantika seems to have at least some modicum of respect amongst the rest of the riff-raff within this tavern. Pushing the tables together, kicking a couple of the stools over, it looks like there's enough spots at the table for most of you. One or two of you might have to stand or find a place next to the rest of your hired help. As you guys all sit down, drinks and rounds begin to be passed to each of you, conversations already mid-discussing. You hear bits and pieces about how, "the blessing of the Serpent has been "upon us this past month." Being on the ship with most of the crew, they haven't been terribly social with you. They've helped you and guided you in learning a few things, but there's still very much this separation and attention that you're the newcomers, and a strange, new shiny thing in their captain's eye. This is the first time you've seen them a little bit three sheets to the wind as a group, and they're talking openly. Avantika has a definite zealotry to her, but you start noticing members of the crew and why they are with her or, at least, now that they've been there, they've also bought into these tales of Uk'otoa. You get the sense that they believe that this path that she's following will lead to her success and, by default, probably their success. Make an insight check for me. Okay, that'll do. That'll, yeah. Okay. You get the sense that Vera, who's the older human, the tough-looking woman who was her quartermaster before it was passed to Fjord, is definitely the most invested in this idea, this spiritual journey they're all embarking on with captain at the helm. You also feel that Ipess, who's the gnome second mate that you've encountered previously, in a very similar way is completely invested, eyes wide. His general banter tends to be a little crazed and sporadic, but whenever they're talking about the Great Serpent, now with phrasing of "The Leviathan" as the title has become more prominent with discovery, there's a reverence to his eyes and an attentiveness that is out of character for him. So you mark Vera and Ipess as two very intent believers, behind Avantika. You get the sense that Bouldergut, the ogre, half-understands it and is more just excited because everyone else is excited. It's like a dog that gets really wound up when everyone around is talking loud. That's Bouldergut. A number of the deckhands appear to be invested, but they're less intensely driven and more just excited that their captain's excited and maybe starting to consider that there is something to this now that they've seen the things they've seen, and the powers that she's acquired. That's a good spread of what you've managed to gather. Okay. Vera is sitting directly to the right of Avantika, and there's not much space to sit next to her, but you could grab a stool and squeeze in to her right side. "There is no hard feelings. I understand the reasoning, and the captain's word is law. I am "excited to see the great things you accomplish as the quartermaster of our ship." "Precisely, and for the captain." "I can only agree." "Aye aye. Captain." Looks to Avantika. Avantika right now is deep in the cups. At this point, a figure turns around the corner. You see a male gnome short, maybe in his 40s or so with spiked hair. It's thinning on the top, but you can see he's taken thick balms of some kind to try and make it look intensely young, and failing halfway. Big mutton chops that come down to a very pointed chin, and he's dressed in fairly decent clothing, a nice silk vest with billowing sleeves out of his shirt, with some bangles that clink around his wrists. He comes and finds you on the opposite side and looks across to Avantika grinning. He goes, "Well well well, it's been a while since "we've seen you 'round here!" She turns to him and goes, "Ah, Sorris! You're back from that fool's "errand, I see. How was the Shattered Teeth?" He goes, "Eh, foggy and cold as shit. How goes your "cloud-chasing journeys, love?" She goes, "Grand! We might have scored a fine shipwreck, and a "promise of salvage, eh?" Looks back to him. "You up for hire, perhaps?" He goes, "Eh, tempting but, "nah. I'm still fresh off the water, want to enjoy myself a while." She's like, "All right, very "well, we'll be in port for a day or two while we get some repairs done. If you change your mind, "well, just start shouting. I'm sure we'll find your annoying voice easy enough." He goes, "(giggles) Sure that is, eh? You're all new 'round here." "At the moment, no. At the moment I'm a civilian, and a drunkard." "No, it's a series of islands to the south of here." "Sorris. Sorris Kay. What's your name?" "Fjord? All right." "Me? No, I'm a sniper." "Things. Why are you so curious?" "Speak for yourself, sir. What's your name?" Make a deception check. He goes, "Okay, Phillip, and what's your specialty? What do you bring to the crew?" "That's actually pretty good!" "That's pretty good. Me, I've got a few odds and things, mainly with a longbow. Good shot "there, but an eye that can see things on the horizon, mainly live up in the crow's nest, you "know? Keep an eye out." "He's joking, right?" Avantika goes, "I'm afraid not. His bailiwick, apparently, is being "curious and clueless." "Of course, bar fights are fun. That's part of the reason we live here!" "If it's a member of the Revelry thieving from another member of the Revelry, and it gets found out, it's brought to Plank King. Plank King makes a judgment, based on that, some sort of reparations or-- (thud, screaming, impacts)" "More or less." "Why? You looking for a fight?" "Always." "I never throw the first punch, so anytime." He taps the side of one of his jowls. You hear the ruffle of his fingers through his somewhat curled muttonchop on the side. Grabs a drink and without breaking eye contact-- Roll an attack. 15 hits. You do one point of damage plus your strength modifier. Boom, right across his chin. He falls to the ground, turns around, rubs his chin. "That was a surprising bit of power there for someone your size. Come at me!" He dives at you. Roll initiative. Oh, he beats you at a 17. 15 plus two. For a small size, he is quick and he jukes to one side, turns around, and goes for a haymaker to the side of your face! That's cocked. That's a 14 to hit. Ping! "Ah!" Go for it. Make another attack roll. Are you just doing damage or are you trying to shove him and knock him prone? Okay, that's your athletics check, actually. He's going to make his acrobatics to try and dodge. Natural 19. He manages to leap in the air and your tail hits the side of the table and (thudding) to one side. The drinks begin to spill and one reaches out and grabs them, prevents them from being knocked over. As soon as you turn back and say that, you look and he's not anywhere to be seen. Then you hear this (footsteps) under the table. You glance down as you watch him leaping up from between your legs and the table to uppercut you right in the chin. That's 18 to hit. He just manages to hit you! You take three points of damage. Crack! Right from underneath the chin, you feel your jaw clink into your teeth, there's a horrible screeching sound. It hurts. You can feel the numbness in your face from the impact. After he hits you, he darts off around from behind and he's probably going to go in for a hold, but you have your go. Go for it. You go to swing for his head and he grabs your hand and goes, "Ah-ah-ah." He goes to pull you forward to go for a headbutt. Crack! Right in the front of the forehead and the nose, you can immediately feel the blood beginning to pour from underneath. Behind, you guys watch the crowd. A lot of people's attention have turned to this bar fight. A few of them are now backing up and getting their drinks, ready to watch. Somebody else at the table goes (impacts) and punches somebody else and starts another aspect, and now there's another bar fight beginning down the side corner. It's your go. Oh, wait. Yeah, because he finished the heatbutt, so you go. Three points of damage. Every time you get hit, he does three points. Okay, go for it. Roll for an attack. Yeah, that definitely hits. Another four points there. All right. "Ugh!" His eyes squint and roll backwards a bit and he goes down into a crouching position. (grunting) Rights himself in almost a Muay Thai stance. Yeah, that's 11. He tries to swing and you parry it off to the side without an issue. Go ahead and retort. Go for it. 16 hits! Because you're grappling? Roll again for your athletics. He rolled a natural one. Literally a natural one. He tries to squeeze out, but you've got a firm grip on his wrist and you pull him back in. You're now holding him to you; he's grabbed. "No, never!" It's his turn. He's going to go try to slam his head backwards into your face. Ooh, natural 18, that's a 24. Take another three points of damage. Crack! It hits you. For a second, you're afraid it knocked a tooth out, but you feel with your tongue and it's still there. Yeah, he's still grappled. Ooh, nice, roll for an attack. 19 hits, takes another four damage. Crack! It scrapes across his temple and it almost gouges an eye, and he turns and he's like, "Ah! You're rambunctious, aren't you?" He's going to attempt to throw you off over his shoulder, pull you into a roll. You get to make an athletics or acrobatics check against him as he tries to break from your grapple. Breaks free and slams you onto your back. You're now prone from the reversal, but it's your round, so you can get up or attack if you want to. Sure, yeah. She's drinking and watching. One leg up on the table and she's glancing over, watching this transpire. You're going to sweep as you get up? Roll for attack. 13 does not hit. You sweep and he leaps up and then, from the air, tries to come down onto your leg with the full force of his tiny gnomish body. Natural 20. We'll say for the purposes of this, because the nature of the 20, we'll make it double full damage, because it's fist fights, that's six damage to you from that. Crack! The leg and the knee doesn't dislocate or pop out, but you can feel it get pushed to the limit and it hurts like a mother. Leaps up and like, "Not too bad! Come on, bring it!" One eye's a little bit-- not swollen, but it's starting to squint from pain. Blood's leaking out of his nose and his mouth and it's smeared on one side of his cheek and he's (chuckling). "I like you too--" 16 hits. That's another four damage on him. Crack, crack! This next series of hits come at him and he's like, "Ha! Yeah, it's nothing! I can take it! Bring it!" He's going to come forward and try do a series of pummeling in your direction. Natural one. The sheer impact of the last blow seems to have knocked his block off, and he starts doing this series of pummeling in the wrong direction, instead pushing toward Caduceus. He moves out of the way. He batters at the side of his sleeve there and, "Ha! How's that? Did I get her? Wait." Looks around and finds you. "Hi." Your turn. One and a half. He goes, "Huh. Thank you?" Make a persuasion check. He looks at you for a second. "Yeah. Good point. I could've taken you anyway." "We'll pick this up another day." He comes up and goes for a handshake, grabs your hand, pulls you and gives you a soft headbutt. It's a little sore on both of you and both of you wince. "Pleasure to meet you. What's "your name?" "Okay. Sorris. Pleasure to meet you as well." As you guys are having this conversation, you hear behind you (grunting, crashing). Another table behind is broken and you can see a person unconscious across the shattered pieces of wood, arms curled in t-rex style. The crowd goes, (cheering). Everyone who was mildly disappointed at the lack of finale to your fight has now focused on the other one that has completed with the smashing of furniture, the person on there left scrapped up and wrecked. The other individual, one eye swollen shut, square-jawed, burly-looking guy going, "Yeah!" Everyone cheers. They're just watching. The scrap was only between two or three people, and one of them just went down. The other one called it off after that and the declared winner everyone's briefly focusing on. Then as fast as everyone cared, everyone sat back down and they're back to drinking. You get the sense in that moment this is not a rare occurrence around here. "It is a very curious question. I imagine there are probably some books. That wouldn't be "what is commonly considered contraband or heavy resale value. Most of the time when you are "boarding a ship, you leave the books behind. If you're looking for books, your best bet is to go "to the Sundry Square during the day." "It's about four blocks to the left after you leave the outside of here, just outside of the "shipyard. It's where all the awnings and ships are." "You can certainly ask around. Maybe both, I don't know." "That is possibly a few around, if I recall." "Well," and she sits, looks around everyone at the table, and gestures for everyone to lean in a bit. "It looks like we are to, after a couple of days of travel and supply-gathering, make our way "northward to a location that has been brought to my attention by our quartermaster. There is a "likely chance that if there is some sort of treasure there, it would be of importance to our "mission. However, it is a salvage mission, meaning there will be some diving. So I am looking for a "few things to prepare for that so a few of us can comfortably make our way beneath the waves." "Beneath the water, my friend." "That is up to you. You are welcome to stay behind. However, if things go correctly, I don't "think there will be any worry of drowning." "Trust me. I have a few connections that owe me a favor or two here on the island. Anyway, I "need a day to acquire what is necessary. Nevertheless--" At this point she looks up at somebody past you and goes, "We're having a private discussion." You turn and follow her eye line and you see a human female with curled blonde hair. The curls have fallen in the moisture and the rain from the outside, dressed in a thick, ragged, black coat, holding a cup, and she goes, "Aye, don't worry about me. Just didn't expect this shore to drag you in quite so soon." There's a moment of tension. No, you have not seen this figure before. They both stare for a second, and she turns and walks off to a far table. Yeah. "Don't mind her. It's Allison; she's-- what's the word? A right cunt." "Oh, best of friends. No, just a very nosy co-thief at sea. Doesn't know where to stop poking "where it doesn't belong." "No, former competitor. Anyway." "No, we've crossed territories once or twice, and she has a habit of trying to embellish "truths to the Plank King. Anyway." Hand me the map, if you don't mind. Oh, map's here, actually. Avantika lays a map out on the table. A cube will do. As Avantika points it out, she shows the crew and says, "In two days travel, we will make "our way outside of the Dragshallow Reef, coasting in northward for protection to about here. We "begin looking for our salvage." At which point, Orly, who's glancing over the side, rubs his chin and goes, "Hmm. I don't mean to question the captain's m-m-main objective; however, that looks "like it's right around where the Diver's Grave m-m-may be." She looks back and goes, "Perhaps, but does it spook you? Do ghost stories make you shiver, "turtle boy?" Orly glances back at her with a narrowed stare and goes, "As long as I'm staying "on the ship, I don't m-m-mind." He goes and sits back down at the table. At this point, Sorris goes, "Oh, is that where you're going? You're going over to the "Diver's Grave?" "Well, that's certainly an off-limits location for most salvaging, thanks to the cursed "woman, eh? Do you know much about your history?" "Close, but not at all." Make a history check. You can with disadvantage, because of your lack of experience with the naval history. You can make a history check as well. Okay. Doesn't quite catch your attention. You've heard mention of the Diver's Grave, as it was a series of poems from a book you once read. The thing that comes to mind is the name Dashilla. You instinctively mouth it-- Dashilla-- and he goes, "Ah, Dashilla the Dreadful. You know about this one, eh?" "Ah. Poem, I've not known, but maybe the song you've heard." Some of the crew around nod, remembering, and he goes and grabs his cup and claps it twice to the table, and the crew begins to filter in as the song progresses, and he goes-- So he finishes the song. (laughter) Sorris goes, (singing) "Where once the waters rolled calmly by, where ocean's heart did "sing, there stalked a lass with a hungry eye and claws that grasp and wring. With lantern lure of a "glimmer pot, with treasure in her eyes, below they swam to the gold they thought would await them as "their prize." Everyone starts clamoring together with the third verse, (singing) "Yet each of them "went to surely die, their graves to not be found. For Dashilla and her hungry eye collects the lost "and drowned." There's a moment where they all begin to clamor the drinks together and clink them and begin to drink them. (applause) He looks confused, "So you don't know the poem or the song." "Do you want a reprisal?" (clears throat, singing) "Where once the waters rolled calmly by, where ocean's heart did "sing. There stalked a lass with a hungry eye, and claws that grasp and wring. With lantern lure of a "glimmer pot, with treasure in their eyes. Below they swam to the gold they thought would await "them as their prize. Yet each of them went to surely die, their graves to not be found. For "Dashilla and her hungry eye collects the lost and drowned." He goes, "But that's just an old wives' tale, you know? A myth." "Well, I sail over it, we just don't really salvage that." "What?! In the middle of the ocean? Why?! That'd be daft! Good luck." Looks at Avantika, (singsong) "Good luck! With the missus," and turns around-- You surmise that's who he's referring to. Avantika goes, "Don't pay him any mind. It is a "myth, and if it's not, well, we just finished tangling with a hydra and an entire island of snake "people. You're not seriously worried about a woman, eh?" "I should have an answer to at least most of our troubles by the morrow. Just be patient." "Not any more than you would." "That is the idea." "No, it's best I do it alone. It's more of a older business relationship. I don't want to make "him think that this is a, how do you say, untrustworthy trade, if you will." "Well, oversee the repairs to The Mistake, I believe they've begun before the night is over for "a bit. We probably will not need it for this endeavor, so it will begin and when we return from "Darktow it should be complete." "Not in particular. They'll be looking around here, they'll be preparing. Gather their "materials, anything you think you require for the trip at sea go ahead and gather it, go amongst the "Sundry Square, purchase what is required, and then hopefully within the next 48 hours we'll be back "out on the waves." Drinking in the back, having a conversation with somebody and keeping one eye over at the table. Seems just perturbed. Not directly intent, but occasionally narrowing her eyes in the direction of Avantika. "It is good, if you are going to do a night walk alone, or together as a group is much better "than alone." "Well, the laws say you're not to steal from another pirate in here, but only if they're caught." "But there are others out there perhaps who see fresh faces and think, well, easy prey. Best "not to cause a huge commotion immediately after arriving. Nobody does that, right?" "One would think, yes. Anyway, I am a bit tipsy, and I'm going to find myself an evening's "rest. The rest of the night and tomorrow is yours. Good eve." As she gets up, some of the rest of the crew stands up, you see Bouldergut in the back stand up as soon as the captain stands up, and goes like, "We going?" "Come on, this way." Walks by, puts her hand on your shoulder, and into your ear, Fjord, as she whispers, she goes, "I'm staying "upstairs, second room on the left," and leaves. Make a perception check. Actually, Caduceus, just from his passive perception, has seen this. What did you roll? 15? You see there's a momentary pause as she walks by, and the hand on the shoulder that catches your attention. You can see the lips move and make out the essence of the conversation. The rest of her crew slowly gets up, and some of them stay to drink, some of them go out to find their way in the night. You do recall, walking through the city, a number of individuals stopping at the edge of the docks and pissing into the ocean. I mean-- It's entirely crafted of alleys. No, I mean, it's not very jam-packed around this particular tavern/inn, but there are some nearby buildings where there are alleys. This place is surrounded by streets because it's right there on the front near the shipyard. Okay, and what do you do? Okay. As you take her hand, she pulls back. You get a closer look at her, there's this heavy scar over one eye that keeps the eye mostly closed. You can see there looks to be a ruined eye beneath there that's healed over and is not functional. She wears it proudly as a point of intimidation or at least a badge of whatever gave her that scar. As she pulls back a little bit, her other hand going towards the dagger on the side that's now revealed from behind her coat. You palm her the note and she looks and takes it-- She crumples it with a terse look and lets it fall to the ground. You guys walk out into the cold night air. The heavy mist has fallen across Darktow and you can barely see beyond the outskirts of the city where the ocean begins. You can still hear the waters coming in against the rocks on the outside of the island, but you cannot actually see where the water connects. Beyond that, you can see the outline of the ship masts that are set at the end of the shipyard that are vanishing into the mist that surround you. What do you do? Okay. You find what would be considered an alley behind the Inn and Tavern. Here we have the direct connection from campaign one to campaign two Sam has taken a shit live with both characters in-narrative. Congratulations. What are the rest of you doing? Caduceus, you went out for some fresh air. Jester? Make a perception check. Okay. The crowd is pretty vibrant around here. A quick glance around you, you don't see anybody specifically paying attention or interested. Glancing now, looking through the back, there is this staircase that winds up to a secondary floor and it looks like there probably is lodging. Avantika left for the moment. What are you guys doing? Caleb? Outside at the moment? No. For the record, you guys do wait for about an hour and a half, two hours-- no sign of Allison. Right, I'm just letting them know. That's how long they would wait before they know that she that she's not coming. You all make your way, gathering once more in The Bloated Cup. (laughter) Right back around. Oh, man. All right, so what do you guys do? Orly seems to be playing the mother hen with Marius playing assistant to that. "I would be lying if it wasn't deeply inconvenient." "If we're staying behind, I'd say give me about a hundred gold to watch over the nest around "here. When you return, we'll hopefully-- I understand, perhaps, you m-m-might be coming back "for us?" "Then I'll return whatever was not spent." Marius comes over and goes, "Right, now, hoping no tragedy, just come back and get us off "this fucking hell-hole." "If you don't come back, I don't know." Travel from here to there and back, about four or five days round. "All right. Well, I wish you all m-m-much luck." "I am hoping that is never the case. Guess I'll just make some coin in the interim." "I mean, standard deep-ocean folk." "Sharks." "Other underwater beasts." "Perhaps m-m-mermaids and other such dangers." "Probably some worthwhile loot there amongst the sediment." "Oh, a few hundred years, maybe?" "No, ships go down all over the coast." "There are quite a number of creepy stories on every part of this here coast." "Can't say I do." "M-m-my apologies." "Come back." Yasha leans in and goes, "If there is any trouble, should I...?" "I trust you, just--" "Tell me when you want--" Sure. Okay. You guys leave the tavern. Okay. As you exit-- Caduceus, you notice this-- but Jester, as everyone's leaving, you to the back of it, you feel a hand grab your arm for a minute. You look over to the side, and you may not have noticed earlier, but Vera had been in the inn, in the tavern vicinity. She pulls you back from the rest of the group for a second and looks you in the eye with this intense stare. You can see the wrinkles on the sides of her face pushing into this tight crow's nest on each side, her irises bloodshot. She goes, "He would not be the first she's left in ruin, and he would not be the "last. I will take care of him if he cannot." She releases you and spins around and walks off to her room. You saw them discuss, but you weren't-- At the point of talking and looking, you wouldn't have made out the words necessarily. You guys are here in the open night air. You're pushing midnight, here at Darktow. It's pretty misty. There are not heavy clouds in the sky, and the moon seems to be not a full moon, but it seems to be fairly bright, but because of the mist, it diffuses. There is this general faint moonlight throughout the entire vicinity of the town. What that does is it makes distant visibility a little harder, much like fog lights at a distance. There are a number of patrolling individuals-- no uniform to them, but they walk around, torch in hand, looking through the streets, keeping an eye. They're armed, armored, but haphazard and no uniform. Everyone here seems to be a part of the Revelry-- including yourselves now. Okay. Both you and Beau make perception checks, please, since you're both keeping eyes out. Okay. You're keeping a gauge on any of the wandering, patrolling guards to make sure as to not to speak too loudly or in the presence of anyone; conversation either shifting temporarily or coming to a lull and walking by in silence, but you manage to snake your way through a relatively quiet town beyond the various taverns this late at night. You do wander through what you assume to be the Sundry Square eventually, through this wandering. There is a makeshift pavilion where it's dotted with tables and crates under ratty awnings and canopies, but it's all closed and dark. There's no lights. It looks like none of the materials for sale are left behind. It's mainly just a structure and materials are probably brought there in the morning and are placed out for trade, sell, or whatever. Make a history check. You do know Darktow, before it was taken by pirates about 45 years or so beforehand, it was just another city of the Clovis Concord. It belonged to the Menagerie Coast, and it was one of the central port stops for a lot of the trade routes making their way to the coast. Then it was taken by the Revelry, and they reinforced it and made it defensible. They didn't slaughter everyone there, because they weren't there to kill everyone. They were there to take it over. They killed those who were, in their opinion, incorrectly placed in charge, any dissenters, and then anybody who agreed to join the Revelry, "Join or Die" type circumstance, everyone who had previously been at the island were absorbed into the Revelry. Some of them have continued their life there, some of them, their bloodline has continued to be those that maintain other forms of business. Not everyone is technically a pirate; there are a lot of members of the Revelry that are just civilians of Darktow and maintain the island. (laughs) Sure! (laughter) Yes. Hear that? Taliesin has plans for you, Orlando. No. No, it had two glass doorways, like windows, but they open like doors and latch shut. Roll initiative! Ipess? Ipess is a gnome, yeah. I mean there are quarters on there you can stay in, yes. You're not sure. Some of them you saw found rooms up top, above the tavern you were in. Others left for the night, you don't know where they went. Not really, not here. No, you get the sense that Darktow doesn't have a lot of offerings for travelers, since most of the travelers that come through here are part of the Revelry. Only a few of them stay offshore. You passed a number of homes of people that live here or spend a lot of time here and have in a boat. From the boat? The Bloated Cup is right off from where all the docks join and from the shipyard, so it's maybe about 300 feet away. All right. You see this really uncomfortably frazzled owl that's been jammed in a pocket. As you begin to settle towards your directions for the evening here, under the shadow of moonlit mist, within the pirate city of Darktow, we're going to go ahead and take a break. We'll be back here in a little bit to see how this-- I'm excited to see what the fuck is going to happen next. Before we leave, we do have our Wyrmwood giveaway. Our fantastic friends at Wyrmwood have brought this fantastic-- Oh, this is pretty wood! This is a lacewood tabletop dice tray. It looks like bronze dragonhide the way it looks against the-- it's so pretty! Leather inside there, it's awesome. One lucky winner will have this at the end of the break. Jump over into the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole. To enter, the codeword tonight is "pirates." Plural, pirates. Enter the word once to enter. Any more than that and unfortunately you'll be disqualified. Only people in the US and Canada, excluding Quebec, can enter, because of stupid international gifting contest rules. Anyway, we'll be back here in a moment with the winner. See you then. [break] We have Fjord going to the upper floor of the Bloated Cup. What are the rest of you doing at this moment? Okay. Yasha is doing what as part of this? Probably with you. She's a bit conspicuous. If things go really bad, she'll be ready to help out on that side of things. There you go. Make a perception check. 13. Okay. Looking out along the docks, there are two particular watch-outs that are assigned to that particular part of the docks, where the Squalleater is currently wet anchored. You also see two individuals on the deck of the ship, not holding torches, but you can see them through the fog. One of them walks and moves. That's what you see. The docks are pretty open here. There isn't much of a place to hide. This isn't a major shipping region. Most everything is taken off the docks and off the ships and then brought into shore, so there isn't a bunch of errant piles of boxes and barrels, per se. The docks are pretty open. Best bet would be somehow under the docks, but most of that is in the ocean, or trying your best to wait for a moment when people aren't paying attention. All right. As you guys are having this conversation, Beauregard manages to circle back and come back to you. Oh, you'll fit right in in Darktow. You got it. All right. What are you using? It's Resistance. It is a concentration, so that would override your Enhance Ability. That's all good, no worries. It's a little bit of a juggle. All right, while this is all being set up-- You have your-- While you guys begin to set your ways, Fjord. You make your way to the Bloated Cup. Where do you head? Do you want to knock? At the moment, no. Make a perception check. No, no sign of Bouldergut. I know. Make another perception check. You don't hear anything through the door. There's a slight pause and you hear some rustling and some shuffling. A voice goes, "Who is it?" "Who the fuck is this?" "Piss off, I'm sleeping." There is. Make a perception check. Don't hear anything. (faster heartbeat) Maybe a faint bit. (knocking) "Just open the fucking door." "Okay." The door comes open. You see there, crunched down in the room, head hunched forward, is Bouldergut, who's been holding vigil at the doorway. (grunts) Pats you into the chamber. You get pushed in. Avantika's sitting on the edge of the bed, currently reading through a book with the window open outside, and goes, "Quartermaster." "Bouldergut, if you would be so kind as to keep watch on the hallway for a bit." Bouldergut goes, "Okay. If I hear any--" "If you hear anything, don't bother." "Okay." She leaves the chamber, closes the door behind her. Closes the book, sets it on a small table. "That is my favorite kind of person." "Going on the better part of a decade. We actually both met when I was first beginning my career." "Well, very busy with our attempt to make it to Darktow and keep things organized in "preparation. So. Lonely." "A few." "How about I show you instead?" So you begin keeping her busy. Or she keeps you busy, actually, would be more the-- While that's happening, you guys made your way back to the inn. It's a very muddied view of the ship because of the mist, but you can still make out the major details of the outskirts of it from this far away. Correct. You have. So yeah, you can. All right. The best new abracadabra. There's a brief moment where you feel like the air's been drawn out of your lungs, and you feel as if you're being suddenly thrust forward from behind, somebody pushing the small of your back with such intense speed that you feel like your neck is about to just whiplash terribly backward. Then suddenly you come to a stop, and you're both standing in the middle of Avantika's quarters on the ship. It's dark. All right. What's the range on that? The range on Message? 120 feet? He's out of range. Correct. You haven't made it there yet. Yeah, because you guys instantaneously traveled. He has a few more minutes before he'll reach range. You can, but there's a lack of color. It's mostly some shades of black and white and gray. There are two sets of small curtains that are currently tied off on the sides of the windows that can open onto the balcony. As a general note, I would like you both to make a stealth check as you go about your activities. Just a moment. 28, and what's your total? Okay. You both are (whooshing). For every piece of wood that begins to creak as you step, because it is a lot of aged wood that makes up this ship, begins to (creak), you stop yourself, and then shift the foot and you manage to make your way across here without any of the wood creaking. There are a number of candles, you could see that there's-- Okay, like duvet over the window. Perception check for Frumpkin. I'll say at disadvantage because of the mist, unfortunately. Okay. You can see the torchlight from the two guards that are on the actual docks, and one of them's keeping an eye out on the water, and one of them's keeping an eye on the docks. They're stationed to keep an eye out not just to what's happening within the actual shipyard, but also beyond, as far as they can into the mist, for any ships that are arriving in the middle of the night. But Frumpkin cannot see the people on the actual deck of the ship. Yeah. All right. Technically, yes. Now that you have the candlelight there, gently there, quietly. What are you looking for? Okay. Do you want to each make an investigation check, or do you want to help one or the other make it? Then both of you make an investigation check, please. No, you do not. You took charisma and wisdom, so you do not. Going through the desk, the first thing that happens is one of the drawers gives you resistance. It's locked. The other drawers you pull open, there is blank paper, a quill, a couple of small little ink pots. The next one beneath has a folded piece of cloth that you pull out and inspect. It looks like it's a cover either for the desk or something else. You're not quite sure what the purpose is. Checking under the desk, you don't find any other hidden chambers or anything that marks what you were searching for. Nott, you were looking for--? Glancing around, there is a shelf unit with a number of books on it. You pull back some of the books and look behind it, along the back of the actual bookshelf itself. You don't find any hidden pockets in there. There's a small cabinet underneath, and you open it up and there's a series of wooden and metal cups, wine goblets and various types of imbibement containers. Pushing through there, you do find one panel on the back that's a bit loose, and you slide it off and behind there you see a small leather book. Make a-- The weird perception/investigation thing for traps, this is the eternal debate back and forth. Go ahead and consider this a perception check. It depends. There's a difference between noticing something's off, and then ascertaining the nature of whatever's off that would be an actual trap. Since you're looking for traps, specifically for this one, and not noticing something different, I would say allowing this to be an investigation. I know, yeah. I know. It does not appear to be trapped. Okay. You pull the book back, and as soon as you pull back there's a slight tug on it, like something that gives resistance, and then comes free. A little piece of cable or twine falls to dangle from behind one side. (hissing) This room begins to fill with a very faint fume. Looking inside the book, there's a bunch of scrawlings. What languages do you know? You do not recognize any of the languages in the book. You put the book inside your pocket. Okay. Make a lockpicking check. 15? It's not opening. Okay. Make a strength check. Okay. You pull the drawer it breaks open. Loudly. You pull the drawer open, look inside. It looks like there are a few small jewelry boxes that are resting inside. You take them all. Okay. The drawer, do you put it back? Okay, you shove it back in. The edges are splintered. It is very apparently physically damaged. You also hear footsteps descending from the outside of the door. There is a rug, yes. Okay. First off-- What's your constitution modifiers? Okay. With the little bit of conversation that's there, that's reduced the time, you're just now hitting the time where your breath is starting to hurt, so you both, holding it, dive down and then, what, you--? Okay. As you're doing this, you hear a voice going, "Hello?" and you hear the rattling of keys. You guys, by the way, you're down now on the lower deck, this is the deck where most of the crewmen quarters are, and you're down in one of the bedrooms. You glance over to the side and there's a person sleeping in the bed right there, the blanket coiled over. They're like, (snoring). A bunch of jewelry boxes. Yeah. You look inside and there's a bunch of jewelry, jewels; it's an actual small jewel collection. On the person who's sleeping? Just the one jewel? Okay, all right. You hear the door above open. (creak, footsteps). "Hey. Anyone?" The person who's sleeping is like (snorts, grunts). Okay, both of you guys make a stealth check. Okay. You both quietly duck down. (footsteps, crash). Your carpet falls down, the guy comes plummeting through, hits the floor, (grunts). The other guy suddenly goes, "What?!", pulls out a dagger towards the other guy, who immediately is like (yells), goes and starts stabbing into the carpet. (yelling) You do also hear the coughing of the man who was stabbed. Yeah. As he's inhaled whatever had been released in the room. Okay, you peek up and look. The door that looks inside of the chamber-- Okay, first off make a constitution saving throw. All right, so you are considered confused. Yep. I'll tell you here in a second what's going on now. You get the sense at this moment that the other gentleman, while coughing, managed to resist the effect of the fume in the chamber. You did not. You do notice the doorway is still open, because he just came inside to look, and across the way you see them both coming up the stairs, because they're making their way up from the crew quarters, to the area near Avantika's chamber, which is right by the deck. First, while that's happening, I'm going to go ahead and roll a d10. You can act normally. So you can do that. So you do. Okay. You both head down in the chamber. They walk up past. Make a saving throw again. A wisdom saving throw. Yes. Constitution to see that the toxin took hold, and now it's wisdom to resist the effect. That's another failure. You're both sitting there quietly as they are walking across in front. You watch as Nott-- suddenly her eyes go wide and she begins to drool a bit, and the body locks up. You're unable to speak, unable to move. You hear now a little bit of raised voices and you can now hear this on the dock. One of them's going, "What's going on?" The other one's like, "I have to get this guy to a doctor, he got "stabbed." The other voice goes, "By fucking you, you twat!" He's like, "I'm sorry!" "Oh, fine." They start leading him off the ship. One of the guards begins to lead them off the docks. Does Lesser Restoration-- I don't know if it does anything for this spell. No. That does not affect it, so I need you to make another wisdom saving throw, Nott. You do manage to resist the confusion effect. Aw, I was so hoping you were going to attack her. Would've been fun. Caleb does not answer. In the room you're in right now? No. Okay. Go ahead and make a performance check. Yes, you are. So sorry buddy. For all that you've been drinking over the past 24 hours, the tension has caused your bladder to retain everything and you're barely eking out a sputtering stream. There isn't anything to knock over, these are open docks. All right, you guys. Can't paint on nothing. Okay, you do that and as soon as you do that the paper falls as a plank of wood. It takes you awhile to do that. It's a few minutes to paint the wood properly to have the effect kick in. You can mark off another two square feet. In the time they're doing that, what are you guys doing? One of them has already pushed past you with a wounded man. The three of them making their way while he escorts them off of the docks, so there's only one man left on the dock by the ship. He passes by you as well. They don't seem interested in this. "You feel unsafe in Darktow?" "Welcome to Darktow." He shifts in close and he looks at you real closely and goes, "Actually, I don't think I've "seen you around here before." "We're going to go ahead and have a conversation off the docks. Please follow me." He pats you on the shoulder and starts leading you off the dock. Still going. It's taking her a few minutes. You're still doing your distraction. Travis, you're doing good. A few moments pass. When you finish painting, the wood falls. While that's happening, that moment is occurring, you and Yasha, in the tavern, are keeping an eye. You watch as one of the crewmates comes walking in rather rapidly and goes and talks to somebody in the corner that you recognize from Avantika's crew. "I heard Waldok got stabbed for some reason." "Waldok!" "I know!" "Exactly! I'm curious!" "I saw him! He got stabbed! Right out there!" and he points out the door and you can see him motioning towards the bar. You seem him bleeding out. I mean, he's not dead, but for his level of life experience, he's taken a significant amount of damage and if left it will probably eventually get infected. Go for it and roll. That's enough to bring him back. You concentrate on him, he winces and you watch as the wounds close up. There's no mark, no scarring. He looks at the wound and goes, "Mr. Clay, thank you "very much." "I appreciate that. You're too kind, really." Zoen goes "See? No hard feelings, right?" and Waldock decks him across the chin. Zoen falls to the ground grabbing the side of his face. "I think I'm going to do that." He gets up. While that's happening, and that's happening, and that's happening. What are you guys doing? Okay. Make a strength check. It takes you a few minutes. You have to take your dagger and score it a bit and then try and press it again. Better part of three or four minutes to try to find the right edge to bend and break it. It does eventually break unevenly into three or four small, crumbled pieces. Only on oneself, but yes. There you go. Taking the form of Avantika and Ipess, right? Okay. All right. You guys are disguised-- Make a stealth check-- sorry, a perception check. The mist makes it hard to make out much detail. You do notice, glancing up, there is an individual in the crow's nest. I'd say about 40 to 45 feet as an estimation. Okay. All right. What's your DC? DC 14. No, did not succeed with a natural eight, plus two, ten. In the main mast of the ship that goes up, the crow's nest is in itself a circular platform at the top that is used primarily for keeping a watch on nearby land and details in the sea around, as well as direction. It's a vantage point for someone to keep an eye on the area around the ship. There is somebody stationed up there to keep an eye on the ship overnight. Or at least there for as long as their portion of it was. You can't make out the details of the figure from this distance. You just see a figure there. Okay. As you finish the spell, a moment goes by and you hear (panicked shouting) "Fuck! Shit!" You look up and you see this individual trying to bat their cloak on the sides of this before shouting "Help!" While stealthing? Or just running? Okay. They have major disadvantage to try and spot you because they're distracted by the flames. Make stealth checks. Okay. You guys both manage to scoot over to the edge of the ship. The seaward side. All right, You're heading off-- It'd be the starboard side. Correct. You head over to that which is the starboard side of the ship. There's the ocean below you. A person screaming up top and getting more and more frantic. Yeah, unfortunately perception wasn't high enough. You both leap off the side into the freezing cold ocean water. Still going to make a splash. Thankfully, it's mostly drowned out by the sound of the screaming from the top of the crow's nest. As you both break the surface and glance around the vicinity, you can see some of the torches that are shifting from the other parts of the dock to come over and see this commotion that's happening. The screams get more and more intense before they end with a (yell) (impact). As this person felt there was no other recourse with the flames gathering around them. Then you hear (screaming). Yeah, whoever it was, they landed. They're alive, but they're not doing that well. They broke something on the way down. Now the screaming is less frantic and more a pained scream while the rest of the various watchers of the dock start making their way over, while you guys are swimming? Okay, so you're probably following under the docks. All right. Both of you guys make an athletics check. That's right, you're walking. Actually, you didn't have to make it because you're walking. 19! All right. The water, as it's coming in, the waves are crashing against the rocky edge and shore of Darktow Isle right here. One end of the docks, you can hear the footsteps passing overhead. They pass by. You guys make it over to the edge of the rocks and, with the water pushing, you manage to not be dashed against the rocks to any point of personal injury. You manage to climb up. I need you both to make a stealth check to try to make your way back onto land without being sighted by any of the nearby guard. All right. You both are-- oh, you're soaking wet. Actually, yeah, because you dove into the water before jumping in. Otherwise you'd have taken the impact damage from that. That's true. It's all good. You both climb up on there, dripping a bit wet, you especially soaking. A lot of the guards and the torches are making their way there, other ones are still starting to make sure they aren't losing track of their post. What are you guys doing? They're coming toward the screaming and yelling. There are still others there that are patrolling and keeping an eye. They don't all of a sudden go Someone's yelling! Everyone lose their post! That's true. It's borderline, but it's starting to calm a bit. Some of them have gotten up there, and they found the hurt guy. The spell lasts for how long? No, the-- Correct. For one minute, so it's faded by now. As you guys are walking by, you hear the guards going like, "What's wrong?" He's like, "Ugh! I'm hurt!" He looks up and goes, "But it was "on-- It was burning! What the fuck?!" He's confused and in pain and lamenting why he jumped and what's going on. The guards are trying to calm him a bit, and they're now starting to think something's up. You can see, now somebody is giving out directions to the other guards. Something is definitely not right, and the docks are now going into heightened search mode. Okay. While you guys are doing that, Caleb, you see all this happening. Yeah. Make a perception check. Yes. 12, okay. You're just watching this whole thing unfold. You're lead back to the top of the docks. The figure has their hand on your shoulder and calls over somebody else. He goes, "Hey, Waynon! Looks like we got someone who's stowed away here "to Darktow." He looks over to you and goes, "What's your business?" Make an intimidation check. Nine? He doesn't appear to be shaken by it, but at least he finds a bit of truth to what you're saying. He's like, "Let her go." "Don't go wandering these docks at night by yourself for no fucking reason." He just turns around and walks away. You guys start heading back, tracking this trail of seawater behind you on the docks. Eventually, Beau, you turn around and you see Molly and Keg walking your way. All right. You all eventually reconvene. You eventually complete your time with the captain. If you passed by Bouldergut and you looked down, yeah. Caduceus is down there. He's actually in a healthy conversation with one of the members of the group. A round is brought to you. No. Okay. In the shit alley, as it has now been deemed, you drop your various disguises. I mean, you're damp. "Okay. Good luck." Okay. As you step out of the inn, you watch Nott and Jester walking towards it. They did. Beau, you probably approached right before they did. Fjord, you're sitting over and you watch them all talking just outside of the inn. I mean, there are guards walking-- The commotion seems to have died down at the moment. Make a perception check from this distance. I'd say with disadvantage from this distance. Yeah. Glancing over, you don't see any torch-bearing guards, but you do see a figure that is doing a visual pass on the deck of the ship. You see one that's maybe 25, 30 feet from you that's just walking through the street. Turns around. "Hey." "I don't know. It's not my jurisdiction tonight." "Probably one of the guys closer to the ship." "Okay." Okay. Make a perception check. Or actually, this would be an insight check. Make an insight check. You only see one figure you recognize from the crew. Okay. You only see one figure that you recognize from the crew and they are recovering from a series of stab wounds and are deep in their cups. Waldok. He takes it and goes, "Thanks!" (hiccup) "Attackers? It's just fucking him." He points over at the other guy who's just like, "Stop rubbing it in. I'm sorry! You fucking jumped into the middle of my room at night while I was "sleeping. What else am I supposed to do?" He's like, "Not stab me, asshole!" "That's Zoen." Make a deception check. Okay, you talk to them, about how you're sad you couldn't have been there. You can see Waldok's like-- Waldok's not really caring as much, more just like, "No, it's fucking his fault!" and Zoen's like, "Oversharing?" Caduceus? One of the guards is keeping an eye over there with the torch. He's like, "Yeah, it looks "like there's a break-in of some sort; a guy was stabbed, got him safe. Another man broke his "fucking leg and he's being taken care of." "Sure, I guess. This way." He brings you over to the dock and you look over and there's this guy, you know his name is Bart, he's one of the deckhands, and he's over on the side right now just going (pained groaning) and you can see, it's snapped. Like, bone protruded and everything. Okay, you may have to set the bone first. Make a medicine check. You walk up to him and he's like, "No no no no!" (pained gasp) (relieved gasp) (gasp) He looks down and you can see there's a wave of relief on him as he doesn't have this like protruding fracture. It's set. Still, you can see the bone, but it's much better-looking than it was. Go for it. With that medicine check? A level two should be sufficient. "I don't know. I was up in the crow's nest and suddenly it--" 21? "Suddenly it's-- oh my god. Thank you!" "It was catching fire! I was trying to put it out, but it just kept growing and growing and I "could feel the heat, and it was--" "I know, I don't--" "What do you mean?" "What?" Make a deception check. He goes like, "No, I don't think it's that. It was sudden and it was intense, and then it was "gone! It's fucking crazy." "Yeah." (groans) He stands up and like he's leaning on you for support, but once he gets to his foot, it's fine and he's like, "Oh, man!" All right. You lead him over. Some of the port guard are like going through the ship now, and they're going through-- Okay. You all gather into one of the chambers. Make a perception check. Lucky seven! The room seems fairly secure. Okay. It has some sketches in it. The language appears to be some sort of either a cipher or a personal shorthand. What languages do you know? Probably, yeah. Okay. You open the boxes. They're a series of gems, some rougher and probably been scrounged up and found that are with some scrapes, imperfect but still valuable. Maybe three of them that are still well cut and have not been given any abrasions. There is a dull green jade necklace that does emit a minor magical essence to it. Make an insight check. Make a deception check. You can tell that she's lying. We'll say by now, you've completed it. I know. So you can respond. As you go through it, it's hard to follow since it's shorthand, like it's broken sentences and it's pieces. They look to be notes from dreams. It goes through discussions of mentions of Vandren. Mentions of being given the mark. The eye, on her person. After a ritual that was shown to her by Vandren, the dreams began. The dreams involved this great eye coming to her, with phrases written down Provoke. Consume. Learn. Reward. It begins to discuss images that involve having to fight through dark waters, having to follow signs, being promised power with gifts and actions that show leadership and drive towards this entity. It spoke about Vandren guiding her, and then spoke about him getting cold feet. Spoke on him mistrusting the dreams, and his weakness. It spoke on an attempt to then gift Vandren as a sacrifice, but he got away. Then discusses the search for Vandren. For months and months, to no avail. Eventually changing focus, to instead continue to improve the joyous boons, and earn the yellow light of the eye. More dreams, with patterns of figures in her way. People that were close to her, that she felt were barricades, chains that held her back, and getting rid of them. You're not entirely certain what "getting rid of them" means, but at least out of the path. Finding others that begin to also learn of the joys and the promise of ruling the sea and how, no matter how much Darktow is the center of the Revelry, and the power of the Plank King, who can possibly not choose to bend the knee to those who control the oceans they sail on. It then goes on to talk about other notes and scavenged bits, talking about the finding of Urukaxl. Of the difficulties in hiring people that would go there. The hiring of Jamedi to search out finally, over time. You find some other notes about another location, from another dream she had, that involves three land masses of different shapes. There's a few notes and questions around it, but one of them is saying, "Archipelago?" Seems to mark these as a possible-- Then it goes into a few brief phrases about the newcomers. Discussing how the Mist was taken. It's not a lot written in this page. All it says is, "I've found another chosen. Perhaps this one will be more useful than Vandren." It does not say that. That's where the notes finish. It is very unclear. It's a personal cipher. Glancing through, it looks like you either learn it here or whatever it would be used to try to decode it is not present in the book. You get the sense that this written cipher is not a verbal language. It is specifically written for her own notes and own purpose. So you couldn't speak it, but if you want to go ahead and decode it? Yeah, I'm saying you couldn't. It wouldn't be able to--Sorry, I misunderstood. You couldn't speak it. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Fuck, dude! Fuck! What does that put you at a total? Correct. Intelligence modifier is eight? It would be plus five then. That is exactly the DC you would have needed to do this. It is set at a very hard DC. You only could have done this with a 20, you motherfucker. Goddamn it, okay! All right! No, here we go! It'll take you the better part of the night. You probably won't sleep which means you won't get your spells back. It'll take you the night to complete it. You will not be able to sleep, which means you won't get your spells back and you'll suffer a point of exhaustion. I'm just letting you what would take. You know you can do this. Immediate excitement and disappointment. It doesn't have the name Fjord. Hmm? Not necessarily. Well, now would be the time to share it if you hadn't. Well, the safe in the bag you still have, yeah. The big one you ordered, yeah, that wouldn't have gone in there. Yeah. All right, so who's holding what? Okay. All right. All right, so you guys will take sleeping shifts. Mark yourself with one point of exhaustion, Caleb. You don't recover spells. The rest of you get a full rest. To each of your doors, shortly after sunrise. He's just finishing making most of the cipher. All right, so you have to have the book to make the cipher. So you go ahead and go find Jester? Are you guys in the same room? That would've been-- That's the process that happened. You hand it to Jester to go ahead and hide? How so? Make an investigation check. This would be perception, I guess. No, it only lasts for an hour. 13. Looking around, no. The room is shoddy in some ways, but it doesn't have large holes you can hide gems in. A voice comes to the room and goes, "Hey! Wake up!" All right. You see Bouldergut out there with one of the guards and Willow Whisk, who's the cook. Jeremiah, who's rubbing his eyes. Bouldergut goes, "All hands on deck." "Company meeting." "Now." Goes to the next door, says the same thing through the doorway. "All hands on deck! Company meeting!" "Yeah. Yes." Pets you on the head a little bit. "Eh heh heh." Goes to every room and says the same deal. It's a long hallway; series of chambers, most of the doors closed. Looks to be four and four, and there's a stairway that leads up to a third level. The next minute goes by, and two more figures show up and they go, "We're going to the "ship now, gather your things. There's no more waiting. Come on." You get a sense from the vocality here that things are not right. Probably relating to events that transpired through the evening. By the way, all of your doors now are being held open and they're expectantly waiting. The crew doesn't trust you, and they haven't really since you've been here. They're not like, "Cool, "guys, let's go!" There's very much a, "We're getting everybody in there and shit, there's going "to be conversations." You gather your things, head outside. Bouldergut's keeping a watch from behind. Other members of the crew are being gathered and ushered in, as well as the crew from the Mistake and Orly. Everyone's being brought over towards the docks. You guys at this point have been brought to the docks now, and you're being pushed toward the direction-- You can see the Squalleater there waiting, and there a number of figures already on deck. Make a perception check. You don't know. You don't see anybody, necessarily. You have Bouldergut walking behind you, and other people are being ushered in. Sure. "I don't know. I wanted to sleep longer." "I know, I want to just eat breakfast." Make a persuasion check. Yeah, just follows your eyeline over. Okay, so all the jewels (bubble noises) into the water. Okay. Make a sleight of hand check. 15? Okay. You drop them off the side. As far as you're concerned, no one noticed. Bouldergut was in the back, and there were a few other-- First off, you have Waldok, Zoen are with you guys. Bark you see being brought over from another side as well. It looks like he either stayed somewhere else or was somewhere else when he was gathered up by the crew and the guard. The guard only-- None of them go on the ship, but they lead you over to the edge of the dock and watch you all go onto the deck and begin to walk away. Okay. You guys walk along the plank up onto the deck and there you see Avantika, Vera, the rest of the crew, are all there. You can see the crew of the Mistake are brought to the edge of the dock, and are held there, waiting. You guys are brought up on there. You don't know where the Mistake is docked. You didn't see it when you came in. There are probably 20-plus ships that are all across the docks here. As you guys are brought to the edge of the ship-- Well, you're on the deck right now. The deck of the Squalleater. Avantika sees you approach and goes, "Good morning, everyone! "Good morning. Well, I apologize for the problems. This should only take a moment to discuss. It "appears we've a bit of an incident overnight, and I wanted to let everyone know there may have been "some issues rifling through. Over here, Waldok was so unfortunately shivved by one of our "compatriots," and shoots a glare over at Zoen, who's like, "I'm sorry! I'm sorry." "But it has "come to our attention that there has also been... Well, to be perfectly honest, a break-in to my "personal chambers." "I know. Some of my personal belongings have gone missing, and I wanted to ask if anybody has "seen anything throughout the night. I already spoke with a few of the crew who were here before. "I have not spoken with you, Waldok. Did you see anything?" Waldok goes, "I was sleeping, and "suddenly this piece of shit fell through the ceiling, and landed on top of me, and I was "just--" It was the other way around. Waldok got stabbed. So Waldok goes, "I was walking, and I "heard some noise inside your chambers. I went to inspect it, unlocked the door, went in, and things "seemed fine, but then I fell through the fucking floor, onto Zoen, and he was sitting in bed "sleeping, and he just fucking started stabbing me!" Zoen's like, "You woke me up, what am I "supposed to do?! And where the fuck are we?" "Anyway, we looked at the floor, and somebody had "broken the floor, probably snuck in somehow." The captain goes, "Thank you for that. Also, it "appears that Bark here had strange delusions and fell. Or leapt, apparently, from the crow's nest. "Did you see anything in particular?" He's like, "I mean, it was crazy! It caught fire, and then I "jumped to get away from it, and there was no fire." She goes, "So it appears that there may "have been some sort of distraction. Well, has anybody else seen anything of particular interest "last night? And by the way, Caduceus, I heard that you were very helpful in helping our compatriots "with their wounds." "I appreciate you being a team player." "Oh, certainly not. To be perfectly honest, whoever did this does not understand the rules of "the city very well." "Hmm. Vera?" Vera's sitting back there and nods. You see her fingers trace this weird symbol in the air that leaves a slight trace. Her eyes flare for a second and she goes, "But that is "okay. Because I can." That's where we're going to pick up next week. (screaming) Next week we pick up in the shipyard of Darktow, on the deck-- Sorry, in two weeks-- (screaming) It was a pretty good plan. There were just a couple of loose ends! There were a few moments to possibly discard a couple of key objects. This is good, but you got the information you needed, and this is going to be a hell of a start to the next session! Oh, man! I wasn't expecting it to go this way! All right, we'll pick up here in a couple of weeks. We're sad we won't see you guys next week for Thanksgiving. What do we have going on over Thanksgiving? There we go. We're sad we'll be missing you on Thursday, but on Friday we do have that awesome. Oh man. My heart's pumping. Well, see you guys in a couple of weeks to pick up from this crazy moment. Until then, thank you, we love you very much, and is it Thursday yet? Goodnight, guys.