Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role! Where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. You will find out, Liam. He who ran it earlier for his daughter. Congratulations on them making it through the-- The Bonegrinder, yeah. Yeah. You weren't going to tell them what it was made of, and then you did. Well, how much of them lived? It's Barovia, to be fair. Anyway, welcome. Before we hop into tonight's game, we have some announcements to get through. First and foremost, I believe, if Sam is ready, it looks like he's stretching himself. We have our fantastic sponsor, for campaign two since day one, our friends at D&D Beyond. Sam. Yeah! I will say, unfortunately, without Satan at your back, I don't think you're allowed to play Dungeons & Dragons anymore. It's kind of a requirement. Yeah. If the 80s taught us anything. Thank you, Sam. And thank you, to our friends at D&D Beyond. All right, so a few other things to mention. We put up a video on Wednesday announcing one of our first upcoming series here on Critical Role's channel entitled Handbooker Helper. We were discussing how excitedly the people in Hamburger Helper's marketing team are like, "Why this sudden uptick in interest in our brand?" So if you guys want to sponsor Handbooker Helper, let us know. Yeah, so anyway, it's going to be a short form series. Bite-sized video snippets, introducing people who have either never played Dungeons & Dragons or want a bit of a refresher course on the 5th edition rules from the handbook, but in very easy to understand presentory fashion. Yes. We can't tell you how many people we've been like, "You wanna know how to play D&D?" And we show them the book and they go (breathy recoiling). So hopefully this will help alleviate for some folks that issue and get some more folks that you've been wanting to get on board with the game to play with you in your campaign a little more of a softer introduction to the game. Look forward to that. It launches on August 29th, right around the corner, it's going to be our first episode. So look for information on critrole.com. Marisha, did you have anything you wanted to mention on that? Hell yeah. But if you're confused, all that information is on critrole.com Please. Also, for those of you guys who didn't notice, tomorrow, our production team here at Critical Role Land are going to be answering fantastic questions from the community about the whole production with this crazy, zany bunch of people. It'll be tomorrow on the Critical Role subreddit at 200pm Pacific Time. They'll be on there live answering questions, discussing all the chaos behind the scenes that you guys have wanted to know about. This was, if you don't recall, a special incentive that was unlocked from our fantastic 826LA charity stream that we ran a few months back. Thank you for supporting 826 and making it a fantastic charity push and we're happy to bring you this next leg of that reward journey back to you. So check it out. As a reminder, next week on Thursday will not be an in-canon episode as me, Marisha, and Taliesin will be off in a dusty place. But that doesn't mean there's not going to be a game. Actually, we are going to have a one-shot next week run by our fantastic Liam O'Brien. (cheering) So excited. I'm glad we finally got TJ on, too, because he's great. If you guys don't know TJ Storm, look up his stuff. He's a phenomenal actor, great physical performance capture and motion capture actor. I've worked with him on many video games, a lot of us have. He's phenomenal, but he's also the kind of guy who I had no idea was a huge D&D nerd until we got in an offhand conversation years ago. He's like this tall, muscular, long dreads, black dude. Yeah. He's incredible and has been dungeon mastering for 20 plus years, I think. We've played a number of games together and he's awesome. So excited to have him on the show. All right then. Congratulations. Oh god. I've already lost control and we haven't even started the game. Last but not least, when we get at the break, we'll be having our Wyrmwood giveaway. The giveaway will be requiring you to come over into the Critical Role chat room, twitch.tv/criticalrole. We'll keep you up to speed when all that's happening. I think that's it, unless we have anything else to mention. This is the worst ARG element of our whole show's campaign. Go find out! With that being said, let's go ahead and bring us into tonight's episode of Critical Role! And welcome back. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein, having completed their journey north and their two jobs for The Gentleman, return with a new friend, a new companion, and the memory of an old. You spent two weeks in Zadash utilizing your downtime; some to a very successful level, some at a nearly terribly not successful level, but managing to skirt by. You've taken your time, decided on a new path, a new adventure ahead of you, loaded up your things and currently with your cart, horses, and selves together. You begin making your way towards the southern area of Zadash and out towards the roads ahead. So this is your very last chance if there's anything you need to do in the city, or forever hold your peace. Roll a constitution check. 21. You can hold it for three more days. As you guys reach the southern gates to the exterior of Zadash, with the creaking of chains and the heavy (thudding) as the large wooden barriers slowly drift open to allow you and a few other carts outward onto the main road. You glance out onto the southern hills below you in the Marrow Valley and you can see the faint dusting of distant snow that has begun to melt in the recent warmer days that have come. The roads themselves are slick and heavy with mud from the snow and rainfall that has managed to still seep in. You can hear hooves making their way through the mud as you push past the barrier. Now last time you were here, you recall seeing large numbers of military that had gathered of the Righteous Brand of which there are very few left, it looks like most have gone eastward and found their way towards the skirmishes you continue to hear about on the borders of Xhorhas and the Ashguard Garrison. The gates close behind you, and you begin making your way now free again in the Marrow Valley southward towards your destination of the Menagerie Coast. First off, who is going to be guiding this first leg of the path? That is three days of travel to Alfield along the road. Who's going to be keeping an eye out? All right, we have Caleb for that. Anybody helping Caleb? Because I glossed over this last session. Caleb, as you sit there, holding the reins to the horses in front and you're focusing ahead, your mind slips back into contemplative thought recalling the time you had spent focusing on the dodecahedron, remembering when you had spent a bit of time over this two-week break studying and trying your best to understand the nature of its enchantment or history. It's a strange device to behold for sure. It both seems refined and primal. You have no idea the source or the length of time that it's existed or what its true purpose is. Focusing onto it, once again allowing your consciousness to slip gently towards wherever this object draws it in. It feels like you're looking into infinite space both within and beyond this small geometric shape. You take a moment to focus. You can sense and see light and cloud and matter and vacuum, this kind of expanse of everything and nothing between these long stretches. You feel like there's an absence around you, but the more time you spend, the more you adjust to the space, the more your vision clarifies, the more the darkness is not pure darkness but a weave of millions of tiny threads, all moving, faintly traveling in different directions, tugged by some unseen force independently. You watch one thread, you pick one focus, and you can see it pulling along. And it brightens and brightens and brightens until it reaches, in that tiny little infinitesimal push, a burst of light, and it changes direction. And you see in that space where that burst of light had happened, you see seven other shadow-threads begin to emerge from that point that then fade away to nothing, the thread having now curved and taken a different path. A choice, a decision made, and a different destiny for whatever that strange thread is following. And pulling back, you now see the thousands, tens of thousands, millions of these that all wander in their own independent, solitary directions, some crossing, some parallel, some alone. And you wonder what all of this means, and what this has to do with the essence of this device, the powers that it seems to impart, and what it is that the Kryn Dynasty has designs for. You come back in to your moment on the cart as you're rocking back and forth down the pathway, hearing the hooves on the muddy-- now getting drier-- portions of the roadway. You glance around at your friends and shake your head for a moment, and focus once more on the road before you. Yeah. It's gone critical! Okay. You focus, and you're familiar-- Roll a third character. (laughter) You, who have spent a large portion of your life in various states of meditation, the gravitational pull of whatever essence of this object is, is something you are familiar with and comfortable letting take over. And with that, your consciousness slips seemingly beyond your physical form and into whatever dark space it seems to have drawn you towards. In this space, you begin to very quickly pick up on details similar to what Caleb had taken so long to focus on. Independently, you begin to pick up the themes and the ideas of what all these strange threads, these-- No? It's-- it feels in a weird way like you're-- (bird sounds) I'm just turning it down. Shh. We're roleplaying, Marisha. (laughter) Is the best way I can describe it. But it doesn't bother you. It's a little cold and a little alien, but it doesn't feel unnatural. As you pull back, you feel something comes back with you. And as your consciousness refocuses, there's a slight shred of milky grey energy that withdraws itself and then, with a warm impact, disappears into your chest. Caleb, I'd like you to roll a perception check with advantage with Caduceus's aid. Welcome back in. 18, okay. As you progress for the first couple of days, heading south along the road, camping without issue, at the beginning of the third day, when you've begun taking your camp and reassembling it, making your way back to the road-- That's right, yeah. Which is still visible, but impenetrable. And there has not been an issue. You do wake up and notice that there maybe have been a few tracks that made their way towards your camp. They appear to be hoof-based in nature, but had wandered and circled around and made their way beyond your location. Probably just something natural in the vicinity that was curious about what this strange dome was in the space where you had made camp. But you gather your things, you make your way onto your cart, and with the better part of the next-- the third day's travel, right as the sun begins to set, you can see ahead the small treeline that surrounds the now-glowing windows of the town of Alfield. As you begin to go closer, you can see-- while there's still light in the sky, you can see that there are a number of building structures that have been reframed, and it looks like there was both a volunteer effort, as well as a number of hired masons and volunteers, that are in the process of rebuilding a lot of what had been damaged or burned down when the gnolls had originally assaulted it the last time you were here. By the time you reach the actual streets, making your way along the one central thoroughfare that cuts across the center of town, you can see some of the folks who are finishing up their daily work. As they're losing light, some light up torches, and continue to work and toil into the early hours of the evening. Others begin to close up, taking their ladders down, finishing for the day's work, and make their way to local tavern or homestead to make food and bed down for the evening. But as you pass by, a few folks do notice your presence, look over at the cart, and recognize you, and wave in your direction. They wave and seem almost nervous, excited but both not quite sure how to act in your presence. You see one familiar halfling, who had previously lost his entire inn, who glances over in your direction. Mm-hmm. He runs up, and you can see there's a lot of dust and bits of wood splinters on the shoulders and edges of the sleeves as the halfling runs up and glances over and goes, "I wasn't expecting to "see y'all return. Things are going along well. We're doing what we can." "Well, we've gotten the basis of the bottom floor mostly restored structurally. We're going to "try and fill in the walls, and then we'll head on to the second floor there. I surmise we probably "have another four months or so before we're up and operational." "Well, I can lend that to most of these fine folks who've been so gracious in helping." He points to a few other people who have either left or are in the process of packaging up their tools and materials as well. They kind of acknowledge and glance over. "I wish I could give you a room "to stay in. I'd do it free of charge, but--" "Wow. Whoa." "I'll get right on it." "Well, anyway, I don't want to take any more of your time. I just saw you coming through and "wanted to say thank you." "Yeah?" "They should be. I haven't seen them around very recently, but if you're going to find them "somewhere in here, they're probably--" "Probably at the Broad Barn. Or--" Actually, Bryce would be-- No, Candleglow was the inn that he is currently-- "Bryce would probably be over at the Salt Trench." "Yeah, that's where they've been keeping their attention as of late." Look at you taking notes. I'm so proud. That's important, too! So, heading over to the eastern side of town, you start finding the edge of the forest where the street of Alfield comes to an end, and the furthest building towards the forest-- you've passed it before, but not spent much time in its proximity-- is a dark grey stone building with a dark, weathered wood frame set around it, torches set exterior, and it has the simple sign that says the Salt Trench Jail. There is one crownsguard who's kind of leaning against the wall. It looks like they're not asleep, but definitely not in full energy, per se. Long piece of some sort of a wheat dangling out of their mouth; they're chewing. "Hey, can I help you?" "I'm going to go see if they're available. I'll be right back." Make a nature check. Yeah, you've heard of gnolls. You've never seen one, you've never encountered one, but as far as your knowledge goes, they're just nasty big dog people. At this point, the guard comes back, pokes through the doorway. "May I ask who's asking?" Actually, that's where you coined the name. "All right, let me go check," and heads back in. About a moment passes and you hear some footsteps coming and there you see coming through the doorway Bryce, helmet off, they're still wearing their armor. They look a bit overworked, maybe not getting enough sleep, a little bit of dark circles under the eyes, but other than that healthy. Their blond, shoulder-length hair has a soft curl to it, is pulled up in the back, and looks to be tied to keep out of the way. As they come through the door frame, a smile on their face. "I wasn't expecting company, let alone such welcome--" "It's good to see you." "I'm working wherever it's necessary. I keep watch on here, I help the Starosta maintain "general matters here with the Crownsguard, but stationed wherever it's necessary. We're a bit "light on manpower given the bulk of it is required now to the eastern side of the Empire." "In theory, which is why I'm not sleeping as well. But it's good to see you, Jester." "Both." "None, thankfully. We took them down last week, but it was decided that recovering some of "these gnolls that you had slaughtered and-- as garish as it was-- placing their heads as a "warning on the outskirts of town prevented, for a while, any sort of incursions. Seemed to be a "decent deterrent. However, the smell got a bit intense for the farmers and we decided to dispose "of them. But everything seems fine. We're far enough from all that chaos to the east. How's "everything been with you? Last I saw you, you were heading to Zadash. I apologize, it took a little "bit with the chaos here, but I just sent a report up to the Lawmaster up there. Orentha should know "of your deeds soon." "I gave a brief description." "Right. What's your name?" "Bryce. Bryce Feelid." "That's all right. Pleasure to meet you. You are very tall and... strange." "Well, welcome to Alfield. Any friends of these are friends of ours." "Of course. Are you passing through? Or you've come to stay for a bit?" "Well, of course, of course. You need not worry about finding lodging, we can have that arranged." "We've done that before, we can do it again. Well, I have a little bit more business to attend "to and then I'll be off my shift and perhaps I'll join you for drinks." "Just a moment. If you wouldn't mind, go ahead and let Crute know that you've arrived at "the Feed & Mead tavern and I'll meet you there in an hour or so." "It's lovely to see you all." "Me too." Bryce turns around and then comes back. "There's one, your other friend with the–" "Right." At this point they nod their head. "Say no more. We've all lost our share of loved "ones. This world can be a dangerous one at times. I'm sorry for your loss." "Well, come, I'll meet you soon and we'll have drinks in his honor." Then Bryce makes their way back inside the building. You guys are welcome to do anything else you wish to prepare for, though it is starting to get into the evening hours and based on your previous experience in Alfield, you know this is one of those towns that primarily shuts down post-sunset. This is mostly a farming town. You guys make your way to the Feed & Mead. Crute recognizes you as you enter. "It's good to "see all of you again. Welcome. Please, sit down. I will prepare food, I suppose, for many more than I "was expecting." "Good to know." (crashing) All of the windows slam open loudly. There's the sound of breaking glass on the far side as one of the windows is shattered from the impact. Wind swoops in and you watch as Crute-- who's faced away, making the way to the kitchen-- stops and goes, "(groaning)." Makes his way into the kitchen to finish the meal. An hour or so passes, a couple other folks come in. Some of them don't seem to recognize you or didn't interface with you directly. A handful do and they come by and offer to buy a drink. Crute returns with some basic foods– most everything here is everything from lightly cooked vegetables or boiled vegetables to some treated and salted meats. They don't have a wide variety of dishes here, but it is still delicious and very classic home-on-the-road food. Bryce eventually comes and joins you; the first time you've seen them out of their formal attire and armor. Bryce comes in with a light blue soft tunic over some light brown leggings and comfortable boots. Very relaxed and casual as they sit down at the table and take an unclaimed tankard and leans back in the chair. "Well, I think we've all earned this. Cheers." SAM, TRAVIS, and "To friends, here and not." "And Nott." "The normal recovery. Thankfully only one and a half fields were torched in the gnoll "onslaught, so hasn't been a huge detriment to our farming schedule. Other than that, it's been the "Righteous Brand passing through. "There's one of them right over there." One of the individuals that came up and offered to buy you drinks earlier, you can see it's one of the older, bearded gentlemen who looks to be a little-- you recognize him now, once it's pointed out. "Ey! Told you they remembered me!" "They never forget a face, The Mighty Nein." They all do, if you're not paying attention. Bryce continues on a bit and tells you about how "There's word that the Ashguard Garrison has fallen. I've been doing the best I can to keep my "ear to the ground on things happening east. It's far enough away where no one here's worried, but I "have friends in Bladegarden and who were stationed at the Rockguard, which is the other garrison. If "one's fallen. I worry for the other. But I know they're sending all of their forces that way and--" You did hear about this from one of the town criers a little over a month ago when you were leaving on The Gentleman's errand. Probably. I have to look back at my notes again. It's okay. The time period in there-- it's somewhere in that space. "From what I've heard they've kept it at bay and there are intents to retake the garrison, but "there were well over 2,000 lives lost and I don't know how much there is specifically to say about, "but the rumors are that the sky over that pass, over the garrison itself, lie as dark as midnight "throughout the day even." "Oh! That makes sense, if you're leaving Zadash. Well, in times of warfare– and I know "we've been notified of this via the information routes to the rest of the crownsguard and the "watchmasters to keep an eye– but I do believe entrance to the Empire is being very carefully "inspected. You shouldn't have an issue leaving – it's coming back in, during a time of conflict "like this might take a while. "I can try and write you something, but, once again, we're a bit podunk here by comparison. "I can't say that those at the Wuyun Gates are going to be more partial to what I have to say, "but I can try." "The Starosta here? Yes, but, if I recall, the last time you spoke wasn't on the most "positive terms either." "Some tricks you may get one shot with. I'd be worried. He tends--" "I haven't heard any of this." "No, keep talking, please. Just know that I've heard nothing," as they put their fingers in their ears. "Wait till after I leave, if you don't mind. You know, protocol." "Exactly. A little plausible deniability doesn't hurt either." "Always, but he does good work and he's spearheaded organizing many of these "reconstruction efforts and maintaining a means of getting influxes of gold from Rexxentrum. The "crown has been very good in sending money as necessary because the Starosta has been so "diligent in the connections he has. So, yes, he's a prick and he's a bit of a pain in the ass on our "end, but, I mean, he's not terrible at his job. So what can I say?" (singing) "Da da da da da da. I have to work with him often." Call that the continental. (laughter) Bryce at this point goes, "Well, folks, I think this is my cue to get some rest. It's been "great catching up a bit with all of you. Stay safe." "You as well." "Cheers again. If ever you find your way near this podunk side of the Empire again, you'll "always have a place to stay in Alfield. Heck, maybe if all this business to the east is finished "before long, and I get some time off, maybe I'll come visit you up in Zadash." "It's been a while." "I haven't been there since I was a child." "There's too many people here that depend on me. I can't." "I appreciate that." They stand up leave a few coins on the table. "Right, okay! All right!" They take the coins, finish the drink, walk over to the bar, and set them on the counter anyway, and then walk away. "Good night." And they walk away. Yeah. Here, yeah. Yeah, the room is already provided. Your delightfully pleasant evening purveyor of down pillows and blankets, Crute, is ever eager to show you where you can leave him the fuck alone. You manage to find your rooms and rest for the evening. The following morning, you gather your things, the cart has been taken care of. Indeed, you can. All right. In the morning, breakfast is provided for you. There are a few folks that are in here finishing their breakfast before going out in the fields, going about their daily business, and, as you descend to your breakfast meal, you watch half the room go quiet as they all watch you. Throughout the rest of the meal, they lock eyes in a very "I don't know how to act" kind of a way, but not in a bad way. Pardon. Some of you especially aren't used to being the person that walks into a room and being stared at, but the energy is different here. There's definitely more of a reverence. It's kind of a nice change of pace. Some of the Zemnian Critters out there will tweet you the pronunciation. Yes? Trostenwald. That's the next one on your trip. It's the final town to the south. All right, you guys gather your things back up into the cart. It's been brought around front. You get your horses ready for the next leg of your journey. If you want to collect feed for the horses along the way, since you've been traveling for a few days, if someone wants to mark off-- I'll say another gold worth of feed that you-- All right. All right, continuing south, Caleb, are you maintaining your position on the cart? Okay. All right. Caleb takes a break at the back as Caduceus makes his way to the front of the cart, grabs the reins. Jester, you go ahead and plop alongside. You eventually turn your way heading westward. Which you can do. Okay, but you go ahead and ask permission of the horses. You watch as Caduceus comes and quietly talks to each of the horses, and it seems ridiculous at first, but as he finishes talking to the horse, the horse nudges alongside him and gives a hoof clop on the ground. With that, Caduceus gets up onto the cart next to Jester, pulls on the reins, and with that, you guys begin to make your exit from Alfield a second time. I don't know if you can just now do that, or if you've always been able to do that, and then Ronin's your eventual payment of the contract. I know, exactly. As you guys are exiting Alfield, a few more folks come out to the street to watch you leave. Some faces familiar a child, a woman, people that you recognize as individuals you had helped make their way out of the mines long ago, and you see them wave, and they all say, "Goodbye." A kid quietly raises a hand, smiling, too shy to say anything, and with that, you make your way past the final buildings, out of Alfield and back onto the road south. Two days' travel to Trostenwald from Alfield, so which one of you wants to helm the first watch? All right, so roll with advantage on your perception check, please. Towards the end of the first day's travel, around what would be roughly 500, 530 in the afternoon, as you're keeping an eye out, you glance over what looks to be-- and you do find a few clusters of stone and rock that break up the rolling hills and tall grass that make up a large part of the southern part of the Marrow Valley that you're used to. You, who come from a very northern, borderline tundra north of the Savalierwood-- Yeah, taiga in places. You can see this very green and open field is a whole new experience to you, and you're enjoying the details of it as you pass by the field mice that occasionally scurry across the road and get snatched up by a hawk, and you're like, yep, that's how it happens. As you're glancing about, you can see a lot of these natural stones placed, and you see one cluster of stones that doesn't look naturally placed; they're leaned at an odd angle. If it had been placed at, or if it had been at that angle for a while, it would've eventually settled. As you glance over, you can see three stones, and one of them is about this big, it's a pretty heavy stone, and two longer slab stones, and they're all leaned against each other to look natural, but Caduceus doesn't seem to feel that way. It's about, from where you are now, as you've traveled closer, it's about 80 to 100 feet to the left off the road. Make a strength check. 11. It arcs, falls maybe about ten feet short in the grass. No reaction. Okay, so as far as Thaumaturgy, you can't throw your voice so much as you can amplify the volume. I'll say you can throw it a little bit. You can't flank it, per se, but you can give it a little more of a force from one side, I'll say. Yeah, if you want. Okay. It shakes a bit, and you can see some bits of loose rock on top of this weird stone construct begin to vibrate, fall off the side. No reaction. The rest of you keep looking at this pile of stones, and it just looks like a pile of stones. You're like, "Really?" So Frumpkin's heading up? (meowing) Frumpkin gets low to the grass-- Make a perception check for Frumpkin. Frumpkin does a little pass around the side, and there doesn't appear to be anybody in or around them, from what Frumpkin can see. Sure. Frumpkin leaps onto the top and perches up there. (meowing) It's a strange view to see yourself walking towards yourself. It's like playing Resident Evil 1, where you have the locked camera. That's technically how Shakäste sees the world, when you think about it. It's all of existence through a series of Resident Evil camera angles. The Duchess, man. Well, he can turn a lot better. You all slowly approach this strange pile of rocks settled here. No, it's an open field. There are some trees maybe 300, 400 feet off. This part of the field, they're small clusters, four or five at a time. It's mostly open, rolling hills. No, you're days away. That was east of the city. You guys are heading south. All together, probably about four feet tall. Make an investigation check, if you want to. As you get down inside-- Okay, 25. As you get down to the stones, there's the one larger central stone and there are the two ones laid against it. There's a very small space in between there, and you get inside and begin to look around the ground, and you feel down, and there's nothing. It's mainly dirt and dry brush and dead grass that's been pushed in that centerpiece. You reach up, and your hand touches something. It feels like a satchel, or a leather sack. Frumpkin crawls inside and looks up, and there is, indeed, a leather pouch, roughly the size of a baseball, that has been jammed up between the rocks to the point where it's being held up underneath out of sight. Okay. As you pull the bag out from the rock... it comes free. As you open the bag... it's fine. I don't know, let me have my little fun. You open inside, and you already hear the impact of a bunch of tiny stones and as you look inside, there are gems in here. It is a collection of cut jewels. It's mostly emerald and ruby. There's a lot of them, and they're jammed up in here. You get the sense immediately that this was a drop spot. Someone will probably be coming by to try and pick this up. Okay. You fill the small leather sack with rocks. Follow your nose. That's a ten minute casting time to cast as a ritual? Okay. Make a survival check. Nice. I believe it's wisdom? That's true, yeah. It's not charisma, thankfully. You feel pretty confident that you've managed to erase most any sign of any tampering or movement by human beings or adjacent entities. What are you trying to do, Jester? Someone over here was trying to do something. Perception check, Beau? He's focusing. Okay. Keeping an eye out, it doesn't appear that there's any immediate sign of anyone approaching. By the time you finish completing the ritual, you do a quick pass over. There are many magical auras around you, but they're your friends. The various objects they're wearing and equipped light up, but there's nothing beyond expected. You guys jog back to the cart, get up inside, and start making your way south along the trail again with-- if someone wants to write it down-- approximately 500 gold worth of gems. Rubies and emeralds. Because of a really high perception check on Caduceus's end. You make your way south along the trail. You have one more day of travel before you get to Trostenwald. Caduceus, are you still leading? Roll one more perception check. As you guys are heading southward on the second day, Caduceus, you notice coming up over one of the hills a single horse with a single rider moving at a very quick speed. Heading towards your direction, heading northward. So, Caleb? The two of you are at the front of the cart. Everyone else? Everyone in the bed is not visible. They are held behind the illusion. As the rest of you head back into the illusion, you continue moseying forward on the cart, and you hear the hooves getting louder and closer. As they go screaming by you at the side, there's that moment where time seems to slow, as you see that individual, their face mostly covered by a dark red or purple bit of cloth, like a facemask. A hood that is up but slipping back, and a little bit of tousled black hair, with a little bit of salt and pepper on the sides. A large cloak underneath, with a cloth mantle over that's also blowing behind slowly. Darkly dressed, like a highwayman that is in the process of trying to get somewhere quickly, whether it be with a delivery or trying to meet up with somebody. In that moment you watch them glance out the side of their eye at the two of you in the cart, and then race off. Not slowing, not stopping. I put Travis in the game. Meta! No, the hood was starting to come back from the wind as the rider tried to keep it down. No, from the little bit of face showing around the eyes, it looked like it had been fairly tanned, probably from sun and a lot of travel out in the open. They took one quick but very detailed glance towards the two of you and then screamed on ahead northward, past the cart. Then you continue southward. For the better part of the next day, you eventually can see, as you come around one bend, where some of the larger hills are beginning to weave around the road as it begins to curve left and right. In the distance, a number of birds are starting to fly in larger flocks and encircling what now reveals itself to be the familiar sight of the Ustaloch below. You can see ahead of you the city of Trostenwald, where a lot of your crazy adventures together began. It's not quite dusk. You're about two hours from dusk. You begin to make your way down towards the city itself. It's as busy and lazy as you remember. As you reach the outer streets of the township, there are people coming up and down the various streets with carts and wares. You can see folks that are passing through, hopefully on a trade route. Some folks that look like they're stuck here. A lot of carts that are built up on the outside that are either waiting for some sort of sign to continue travel, or are still packing up before they leave for whatever their next destination may be. What would you like to do? If anything. You guys make your way to the Nestled Nook. You come upon the familiar tavern. Entering inside, you can see the familiar face of Yorda, the older woman who runs the tavern, and glances up from wiping off a table in the far corner before her eyes peer over towards you from her tousled blond hair. "Oh, hello there! It's some familiar faces! It's been some time. Welcome. "Well, do sit down. Drinks? Rounds? What are you asking for?" "Trost it may be. All right. But you're in Trost, there's quite a few Trostenwald brews." "Von Brandt it is." "All right, table of von Brandts." "Milk for that one. Of course. All right, I'll be right back." Yorda makes her way to go fill the rest of your order. You guys take a while here and rest in for a bit. You see Adelaine, who's the other barmaid that's helping with the tavern, in the process of going around and filling the few orders that she has to at this hour. Kluss, the clerk, the reedy-looking young man, is in the back, currently going through paperwork and trying to keep tabs on a number of ledgers and business elements. The evening is yours. Do you wish to do anything, or are you going to bed down for the evening and continue the following day? Adelaine? Adelaine makes her way to your table. "Hello? You looking for something?" "I'm sorry, I don't think I know a Gustav." He was working off his debt. You don't know the specific circumstances of it. "Of course, sorry. Would you like anything else?" "Right away." "I'll see what we have in the back." Adelaine goes off, and does return with milk and-- it's a little old, it's starting to get some of that white powder fringe to the chocolate, but it's functional. A bowl is retrieved for you quite easily. As Yorda throws it on the table, "Would you like "something in the bowl, dear?" "Milk it'll be." And she goes and returns with a bowl about half-filled with milk. You look down under the table, at Frumpkin sitting at the bowl going-- (unwilling groan) As Frumpkin begrudgingly, at the command of his master, "enjoys" a bowl of milk-- It's fine. Frumpkin can drink milk. Frumpkin just has no need for it. It's a placebo for the master. It's like, "If it makes the master happy, I'll drink this "milk for you." Yeah, exactly. And you get the sense, too, that the entire time that Frumpkin is drinking from this bowl, Frumpkin is making direct eye contact with Caleb. Right now, it's about dusk. By the time you've come in the city, you've come to the inn, you've got food and drinks, and you settled for a bit, it's about dusk now. Yeah. You guys have bought everything for Nott. Frumpkin side-eyes you while you both drink the milk together. Okay. So, where are you guys headed? It's the stockade. The stockade here is where you had previously-- Yep, just to fuck with you. All right, so you guys make your way to the stockade, and it takes a brief intro to the crownsguard outside before you are brought back in. One of them recognizes you from your previous encounter a few months back and brings you to Norda's office, a familiar place you've been. Norda-- you can see the dwarven woman, with very a tense and tired and just kind of over-it expression on her face, glances up at you all. "All right, so it's been a bit." "Well, the good news is, nothing else died since you've come back. That's--" "--positive. So, when are you leaving?" SAM and "Great news. That's wonderful." "Why are you in my office at this hour?" "You want to see Gustav?" (sighs) "Fine," She gets up from behind the desk and goes and reaches into this cubby and pulls out a ring of keys and, "Follow me." Leads you back down into the familiar stair down below to a cell where a couple of you have been held before. And there you can see, on the far end, there is a cell, and within this dark, subterranean interior with the faint burning torchlight gives this ominous red-orange flicker to the normally shaded interior. You see there, slumped against the wall, enjoying a bowl of some sort of gray, mushy substance, a not abused-and-filthy, but a-little-rough-around-the-edges Gustav. Not chained, not shackled, and there is a chair and there is a bed. You can see of the jail cells here, which are designed to just be abysmal, this one-- some pains have been made to make it a little more comfortable. Roughly about two and a half months, yeah. Best estimate. Even a little longer. I'm sure CritRoleStats will let me know. But, in the proximity there, Norda comes up. "Hey, Gustav! You've got visitors." Clinks the keys against the bars, and, "Oh, um, sorry. That's embarrassing." He finishes a spoonful, sets it down. "Oh, my my "my, I was not expecting this at all." And you can see the lanky elvish gentleman, his hair pushed back, a bit greasy, a bit of dirt on the edges of the face, wearing the same nice long coat that you remember him wearing when you last saw him off. Looks like he's been doing some hard work, probably a little thinner than even his previously thin form was, but he's there. He approaches the edge of the bars. "By what might I have the pleasure of you all coming to see me?" "That's all right. I myself have, as well, don't worry." "Oh, it's not preferable by any means, but it certainly beats going in here against my will." "Oh, at the rate we've been going?" And he looks over towards Norda. Norda's like, "If he "keeps working as hard as he has been, he's looking at another seven, eight months, maybe." "I have to go look at the books, but I can go check." "What, you going to pay him off?" LIAM, LAURA, Gustav, at this point, leans forward and goes, "You are all very sweet, and I greatly "appreciate it, but this is my debt to pay, not yours." LAURA and Norda goes, "You two keep an eye." And the two crownsguard approach and get a bit closer while Norda heads back upstairs, Gustav still pressed against the bars, his head peeking through the two sides, bit of scraggly hairs falling in front of his face. "No, but I'm completely "serious. This is my burden. I chose it. You've all done good work here, and--" Make an insight check. 27. "But sincerely, I am very appreciative. Each and every one of you." "Well--" "I'm just musing on how we found him and how we left him." "A brief star burning very bright, but twice as short. But no, when we found him outside of the "forests up north, he had no memory, no voice, no words. He was basically a vegetable. But over "time, he came back to his senses, and yeah. It's a shame. He was a good one." "Well. That's the dangers of the world we live in, I suppose." "This is me, paying my debt." "I don't know who you are, friend, but you've stepped into a space where you have no knowledge, and, trust me, this is my debt to pay. This is my responsibility." "Anyway, I should finish my meal." He goes over and grabs the bowl, and quietly, while looking at Caduceus, begins to eat his gray mush. You can move out of earshot. You bump into the Crownsguard behind you. "Oh, excuse me." At this point, Norda returns, coming shuffling back down with a small, leather-bound journal or book of some kind. "All right. Looking at this one, keeping tabs on what he's able to "make, the reparations he's made, the amounts of money he was able to have brought in from friends "to help pay the debt, we're still sitting at about 2,100 gold pieces." "2,645." Are you asking? "What are you-- a buyout?" "He's fucking weird, I'll tell you that." Make a persuasion check. "Tell you what, you go ahead and toss down about 1,700 right now? I'll kick his ass out." Gustav has come back to the bars and is like, "You all are being absurdly generous--" "--and this is not necessary at all. I mean it, I mean it." "You were one of many. There's at least, at any given point in time, 17 headaches in here, so "yeah, that's one of them." The crownsguard to the left of you goes, "You should listen to her. Those bedpans are "pretty terrible." Make one last persuasion check. This will be at a higher DC. What do you say to assist her? You watch as the Lawmaster's eyebrow raises to the-- For the first time since you've seen Norda, you see a smile curl across her face. She goes, "If that's not the weirdest thing I've seen in some time." Make your check with advantage. "1,500 and we'll call it even." I know, isn't it? That's a thousand, 300-- So you only need a hundred. Nott threw down a thousand. The crownsguard begin gathering the money from you guys and bringing over small chests to put the large amount of coin over. As this is happening, Gustav leans his back towards the stones at the edge, and his eyes are just wide in disbelief. "I don't know what to say." "Thank you!" What's the DC on that? Is it a charisma save? That's a natural eight. He sits there, eyes wide. Norda takes the keys and heads over and opens it up. "All right, punk, you're a free man. "Congratulations. For some odd reason, these folks decided that you were worth a lot of money to not "be here, so be thankful that somehow the great gods have looked down upon you and Erathis "decided, 'You know what, fuck law! You're free.'" So the guards escort him out. You guys all head to the outside. You all get led outside of the stockade and Norda says, "All right, well, that's "been a pleasure. I'm going to go ahead and go home, have a drink, and get some fucking sleep." "Don't get anyone else killed." She heads back inside. Gustav is stepping out there, his hat that he just had retrieved and given back to him, he puts on, steadies his coat, grabs the small sack of his personal belongings and turns around to the rest of you. "I-- (laughs) Thank you. This "is more than I would have expected." "I don't know. I mean, the circus is scattered. I would ask where Yasha was-- she would "be a good right-hand man-- but I don't see her around. Did she also--?" "Huh, Menagerie Coast. Haven't been there in a long time." "Oh, I'm fine. Thank you, I appreciate it. I should probably tie up some loose ends now that I "have availability to do so. Thanks to you and your generosity." "Mm-hmm?" Make an intimidation check. It can ride a line. "I appreciate your candor and advice, tall furry man. Maybe I'll find an ear to bend one day. "Until then, let Gustav Fletching be forever your humble servant." "Sure, I've got nothing else going on. Come find me." "Well, then come find me!" "I'm sure. Well, good night." He walks off on his lanky legs, almost bending with each step. He's such a strange, gangly elf. You've never quite seen an individual of his physicality. Yeah. Sure. Bless you. It's more of a--. You have to save it, but you catch it. As you guys make your way back to the Nestled Nook Inn, having seen what has become of Gustav and changed the trajectory of his journey as well, you all ruminate on the rather large sum of money you've given for what you hope is a good cause, have another drink, and find your way to bed. And that's where we'll take a break! That was really interesting. I wasn't expecting that! That was a 27 insight. Fair enough. I had to go to the wiki to find out how much money he still owed. (laughter) We have tonight as part of our Wyrmwood giveaway-- ah! Let's open up. Oh! This is the purpleheart dice tower. Which has the Desert of Din'Tely fantastic grain-in art from Deven Rue. Looks so fantastic! It really does. This dice tower set comes together, magnetizes to assemble into an awesome dice tower. This will be given away at the end of the break to one lucky winner. So you need to hop on over to the Critical Role Twitch chat during the break, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole and enter, only once, the word "coast." C-O-A-S-T. More than once-- I know. I knew it was coming. [break] Sure. Welcome back. So, first off, we have our winner. And our winner of the giveaway for this fantastic Wyrmwood Purple Heart Box Deven Rue art scroll thing-- --is tempyyy. T-E-M-P-Y-Y-Y. Tempyyy, congratulations, we'll have that sent out to you ASAP. Well done. We'll have a new one to give you guys next week for the next giveaway. And thank you for our fine friends at Wyrmwood for being amazing. All right. Put that away. I know. Oh, this is not going away, is it? So. So, after taking the evening at-- (laughter) Totally. Got to keep it going. Upkeep, it's important for a monk. There you go. Different kind of working out. Let's see here. So yeah. Indeed, there is Natural Remedies, there is the Lochward General. What are you looking for, specifically? It would be tar and other-- Well, it's a series of chemicals. Tar, amber, resin, and things that are pulled from tree sap. There are other processes where you can distill that down, along with some more crude clays, to create this kind of adhesive. If you'd like to. Okay. So you can go ahead and do that. Go ahead and make a general deception check. Okay. So you-- So negative one? (laughs) It's not high stakes here, not high stakes here. You go ahead and meet with Simon Earth of the Natural Remedies shop. You can acquire the goods you need at the cost-- specifically, the materials that you're trying to make if you're trying to do something alchemical-- at the cost of what it requires. You get through one round of discussions with him before you begin to notice crownsguard getting interested in your presence. One of them, for some reason, his eye caught you strange and he noticed something odd about the illusion and your physicality and seems to be-- You and this shop don't have a very good history. You say loudly as you exit the facility. The crownsguard are keeping a distance, but they're definitely trailing you from about 25, 30 feet behind. They walk a little brisker, keeping pace with you. Okay. Make a stealth check. 17! Okay. You, dodging into the alleyway, using what looks like one of the open window sills on the first floor and the edge railing of the rooftop of this building that's immediately there, you dart up and manage to get your small goblin form up onto the roof, out of the point of view. You hear the crownsguard round the corner and run inside and begin looking around. You see them pushing barrels over, and one of them who seems to be leading this charge is like, "Well, fucking hell, where the hell did she go? It's probably just my brain playing tricks on me." And you hear them slowly walk away. They weren't fully invested in a chase. They were more just mistrusting and curious. So you're back with the rest of the troupe. You guys have all your stuff gathered together to continue the rest of this journey. If you want to do anything alchemical, it will take time with the kit to do so. So! Gathered up, back onto the cart, who is leading this next leg of the journey? Is it continuing, Caduceus? All right, so the two of you make your way to the front of the cart, and get heading southward. It is four days of travel to the Wuyun Gate. To the Wuyun Gate. It's the southern gates that mark the very edge of the southern portion of the Empire. So. Go ahead and make a perception check. Since Beau is helping you, with advantage. 19, okay. We'll say, for the sake of brevity here, the first two days of travel, thanks to your tent as well and staying off the beaten path during times of rest, you manage to find some good hidden areas and no issues happen at night during the restful period. The second day goes by without issue. You do see a small grouping of merchants making their way northward with largely what is a chain of oxen. It looks like they have about 12 or so of them that are chained together and they're heading northward, having made their way through the gates, for some sort of a sale or trade. It's a curious spectacle as they come by. It's one cart and just a lot of oxen, giant horns, slowly making their way northward. As you pass around for the third day and fourth day, go ahead and make another perception check. Mm-hmm. Damn! Apparently. Which brings you to a total of? 28. Okay. As you get to the very, very southern side of this valley, you begin to see as the Cyrios Mountains and the Ashkeeper Peaks begin to come and point together towards the actual Wuyun Gorge, which is this central ravine between the two mountain ranges that heads southward and exits the Marrow Valley entirely. As you approach, you begin to see the actual Wuyun Gates, which are these tall 50 foot high--- can't quite tell the width of it. You've traveled through these before once with Jester before coming into the Empire. You know the width of these walls is at least ten feet to 15 feet wide at its base. The central gates themselves are not stone, but they are two very large, iron reinforced wooden doors that stand about 20 feet tall and are opened and closed by chained based wenches that rotate and open and close from each side of the interior of the wall. Your vision catches a troupe of about 50 or so soldiers. Not dressed in the same bits of armor as the crownsguard that you've seen as you've traversed most of this countryside, but a different set of armor. Largely bright red maroons and golds. Looks like there are some tents and there's an encampment set on this side, off to the eastern edge of the gate. They are the Righteous Brand. As you guys get closer and closer to the gates, you can see six crownsguard that are painstakingly inspecting every cart and travel wagon that is making its way through the gate. They are stopping one by one and going through and poking and prodding and moving things in the carts to look for any stowaways; looking for hidden materials. In this time of warfare, it looks like there is a very thorough process. And you can see the gates are open-- You guys are about 300 feet away. He caught a vision of it very distantly and you guys are-- They haven't quite noticed your presence yet or if they've noticed it, they haven't taken stock of it because they're focused on their task. Nope! It is-- Well, the mountain range has come together into this central gorge. What was previously tall grass plains with rolling hills and bits of rock has thinned out to be bits of scrub and then hard rock floor. You've left the central valley and you're hitting more mountainous terrain. Make an arcana check. You're the one who had the question. You contemplate over this enchantment that they've told you about the cart. You guys watch as Caduceus stares out into space a bit before this trickle of blood begins to come of his nostril. It's hard to-- Make an arcana check yourself, actually. It depends on the basis of the enchantment. If they're very powerful items, then there are sometimes means of temporarily subduing the enchantment. Objects that are a little more common, or the enchantments themselves are not as thorough, it is a dispel and gone type scenario. On this side of the road? You're the only one. There is one that is in the gates right now that's full inspection, and you can now see, from this distance that Caduceus has pointed out, beyond the open gates, you can see a cluster of other carts. There's a line trying to make their way-- Their arm would essentially vanish as they put their arm through the illusion. In that brief moment, Fjord-- --you feel this momentary release, like a tether that previously had gone unseen is loosened. And there, in that brief bit of unexpected free-floating freedom amongst the darkness, that warm, gray, centered energy drifts towards you. Your fight-or-flight kicks in momentarily, but you consciously recall that your friends have been through this. Seems safe. And with that, it drifts towards you, and, in this weird, familiar sense, you've had more than one object just enter your torso. As it warmly touches your chest and dissipates within the inside of your body, your consciousness shifts back out of your concentration mode on the dodecahedron, and you can feel that lingering warmth still around your sternum beneath your armor as you release your hands from the object. All right. So, as you all-- Walking alongside your cart towards the Wuyun Gates, the crownsguard begin to take notice of your presence, and you can see the one cart that was being inspected at the gates is given, apparently, the clear. They load their materials back into it and begin making their way northward, passing you as you head south. Of which sort? You begin to hit a point-- and there's enough room for maybe three carts to make it through here, but they're keeping it a two-lane scenario here, this pincher point. There is a cart now that's begun inspection, and about three different crownsguard are going through and rifling and lifting things out of the way. As you begin to approach, the crownsguard put a hand up and guide you over with hand signals to the area to the immediate right of it, around ten feet to the west of the other cart. The captain approaches. You can see a woman in brownish red hair, a bit sun-bleached at the tips, pulled up into a soft ponytail high on the head, and the crownsguard armor itself looks well-kept. You can see from the decorations, as you've seen it before, this is a captain. Approaches. "Halt. What is your business, and where are you going?" "Very well. And what are you carrying across the border, please?" (whistles) Two of the crownsguard come over towards the cart and goes, "But what is within these sacks and small boxes?" You emptied the cart, but the illusion-- I've explained multiple times-- is an illusion of standard sacks and boxes. Make a persuasion check. "All right. Appreciate you being forthright." The two other guards come forward, and you watch as they place their blades into and watch them vanish and go like-- Looking back at the captain, and begin to poke forward, and you watch as their torsos vanish beyond the veil of the illusion, and pull back. "Dualla!" The captain approaches, and herself leans in and pulls back. "You are not incorrect, you carry nothing on your carts. This is a curious nature of an enchantment, indeed. And you said you're heading to Nicodranas and Port Damali to acquire goods. What are you looking to acquire?" Make a deception check. She gives you a close look, not leaving direct eyeline to your pupils and hers, and watches you through the entire statement, and then, "Very well. Move along." "Well, the inspection will be far more thorough that time." "All right. Stay safe." "The boundaries-- who knows what's wandering from the dark side of Xhorhas there? Eyes on your backs. Go!" And the crownsguard pull away, and the ones on the opposite end open the space for you guys to move your cart along. With that, you pass through the gates of the Wuyun Gorge. Make a perception check. No. It doesn't look like there's been any scuffle, no attacks, they haven't taken any tear from any sort of conflict, it looks like, from this end. But there are more guards up along the top, along the walkway above the wall. Previously, you guys had seen two crossbowmen that were there. There's now ten. The Righteous Brand themselves, while about 30 or so of them have been encamped in that one encampment, the rest, of about 20 or so, are scattered amongst different points on the mountains around the gate and are all scouts, keeping eyes out for anyone trying to circumvent the pinch point. There's pretty heavy interest in keeping watch on these borders, given the current conflict to the east. But you pass through safely, allowed by the crownsguard, and within a few moments, you pass into the Wuyun Gorge proper, and a wave of acknowledgement hits most of you that, for the first time, you are no longer in the Dwendalian Empire. So you pass by the six or seven carts that are in line, and there's arguments and frustration. Some of them are currently very vehemently arguing with the crownsguard who are holding them to wait their turn. You keep your heads down and continue forward. There, you start heading into this large mountain pass. Extremely steep at certain points, where the mountains seem to be have been carved down or bisected by some ancient cataclysm, whether it be the Calamity or some great natural disaster long before that. It seems to be a very unique, singular cleft down in the center of these two mountains that breaks the mountain range between the Cyrios and the Ashkeeper. Who's keeping-- you're at the front of this? Go ahead and make a perception check for me, please. As you're stalking ahead, riding before, you can see there's bits of rock formations that have been pushed through by some sort of ancient seismic activity. There are pieces of rock that are platformed over, and there are outcroppings and caverns that have naturally been pushed out of the sides of this large ravine. It's quiet here, with the occasional echoing sound of birds squawking and cawing to each other. There's a faint wind occasionally drifting through in pulses. It's warm. The sun is above, and whereas previously you have been encountering the colder winter, especially further north of the Marrow Valley where the snowfalls have been rather consistent, the warm clothes that many of you have been wearing in that weather are beginning to capture the heat of this southern area, and as the sun is now high in the sky, cloudless, the blue above you, the beads of sweat begin to form across your back beneath your clothing. Caduceus, you hear this faint, guttural muttering of some kind. What languages do you know? (laughs) With that roll? Yes, you would. Looking ahead-- and you guys have traveled a number of hours past the gates-- about 30 feet ahead of you, behind one of these rock formations, you can see the vague outline of some sort of large, hulking figure leaned against it. You see the outside of a humanoid shoulder and the back of a matted bit of greased hair, maybe standing 15 feet tall. It's about 30 feet ahead of you and to the right. Okay. Yep. So it's a charisma saving throw. It's a natural five with a minus one. That's going to be a no. The tension-- and you guys can, as Caduceus has pointed out this figure, you can see it tense against the stone, and you see it was reaching down. Just out of sight, there was some large rocky formation that it had its arms on, and it leans back a bit and shakes its head, and as it pulls just beyond the outline of the rock, you can see a second head right next to the first. Two heads on one set of shoulders. They both shake away from each other, then together and away, and one looks to the other and just waves in your direction. Mostly no clothing other than a bit of tattered leather and hide and furs that are matted around the midsection and dangling almost past the knees. As the cart moves past, another voice, also in giant, comes across the way. You guys hear (yelling in Giant). You look over to the other side, and from around another rock, you see another one of them who's looking livid at the other one. Go ahead and make an arcan-- this would be-- technically, it's a giant-- Make a general intelligence check. If anybody would like to, make a general intelligence check on this. Yeah, these are Ettins. Ettins are large giant-kin, two-headed beasts, and they don't normally work in pairs-- you know this instinctively-- because they argue enough between their two heads. To have two working together is already a very strained relationship. And the other one who's yelling at the one across the way, as you guys are in between, you recognize it as saying, "What?! Why?! Stupid! Right there! Don't wave!" And the other head goes, "What he said!" I'm going to go ahead and, just for the sake of this, to give you some visual perspective-- It may not come to that, but I want to give you a visual. So you guys would be right about there. All right, so, general positioning Caduceus would be in the front, with Jester there. Or no, was Beau here in the front? There you go. That'll work, there. We'll say you're in the cart there. Haphazardly. And so this is the one that came around this end. They literally have two heads. So this one, currently under the Calm Emotions, which you're concentrating on. The other one is yelling at it (monster yelling), pointing at you, and the other guy is like (confused monster yelling). Okay. Pushing slowly forward. Trotting along that way. This guy comes out and begins arguing loudly with the other as he comes forward, too, shouting at him, and they're both yelling over both of you now. "You shut up! You no hun-- you speak... same?" And the one who you didn't cast it on is like, "You so dumb! You two not listen! Ruin this!" You push ahead a little bit further. And what's the saving throw on that one? That is a natural 13. And what's the wisdom save? It's a Wisdom save, you said? Yeah, that's a failure. So that one-- --goes from arguing and goes like, "Well, fine! You won't finish this, we do it ourselves." And they reach over and grab this large boulder and begin to pick it up, and at that point, Caleb finishes his incantation, and they go (boulder crashing noise), drop it, (monster screaming) and just start running the opposite direction as the cart begins to slowly roll forward. Begins charging off this way. This guy just turns around and begins to like-- waves back to you and heads around that direction. Calm Emotions is. That's okay. It also only lasts a minute. So these guys both run off the side there-- So, as you guys continue running-- Kind of, yeah. So, as you guys continue pressing forward on this path-- SAM and The rocks destroy you! So the horses, moving forward, at a-- All right, so make an animal handling check, because you're now going into a straight-- just go for it. Yep. Without issue, you, horse speaker Caduceus Clay, give them the intent to go into a gallop and they begin picking up loudly, and you hear the kind of soft neighing as they begin galloping forward, the cart taking up speed. At which point, you hear a voice behind go, "Hey, wait a minute!" And you see as the one with Calm Emotions begins charging forward. Is it a saving throw on Fear every turn? It's concentration-- Right. So it fails the first one. Succeeds on the second one. So it'll be three rounds in, it gains it back, which is just about the time it would take for the Calm Emotions to fade at this point. So, at this point, as you guys are running forward, at a double-speed here, moving forward. Horse speed-- pulling the cart, though, it's only going to be about half of that actual horse speed here. Okay. So Beau's now charging alongside there. The rest of you are pushing forward, kind of going in that realm, at which point this Ettin comes charging around the corner there, no longer affected by the Calm Emotions, and you can see the other one is rushing up behind, going, "You stupid! We're supposed to work together!" And the one to the left goes like, "I told you we shouldn't work with more than one!" And he's right off to the side here, beginning to give, so I need everyone to roll initiative now. (groaning) Oh, wow. And (sharp inhale) they're rolling good initiative on their end. All righty, so, 25 to 20? 20 to 15? TALIESIN & All righty. And then we have-- All right. 15 to ten? Oh no! Sorry, Jester. All right, so, Nott, you're up first. They're now like (heavy footfalls) running. They have a battleaxe in one hand that's half made out of stone, with a giant piece of splintered tree wood that's been wrapped around it with rope. In the other hand, they have this giant club from another piece of what looked like a dried and dead tree that still has bits of root and chunks of rock jammed in the side of it, and they both (heavy footfalls), charging towards you. One head's looking at you and the other's just looking up at the air at a bird that flies overhead. It looks a little spooked (scared grunt). So what are you doing? The closest one to you, because you're technically in the back of the cart right here-- Yeah, he'd be about 35 feet from you. As far as you know, yeah. They don't know you're in the cart. Fjord's in there as well. You are, so it doesn't know you're there, so you have advantage, so it's just a single roll. Ten misses. It goes wide, out of the side, and the head that was watching the bird goes (growling) and peers closer to the cart with an untrusting eye, its chin tilted to the side. This is a terrible look now. You see these very bulbous faces that are a combination of muscle and fat pushing into the eye sockets. They have these tiny, beady giant eyes. You see these round-ish, pushed-in pug noses and this large gaping jaw, ogre-like with two big tusks that protrude from underneath. Long, scraggly dark beards that pour down the sides of their face and over the front of their chest, mingling with matted bits of chest hair over this tanned and sun-weathered flesh, uncovered, made of sheer muscle and anger. You can see each head has its own series of scars and weird personality and as they're running, they're still arguing with each other as they're in the process of getting to you. "We need to go from the side!" "No! Direct attack!" On this end, the other one goes like "Budak, don't be stupid!" The other head's like "But Budak's our friend." "Shut up!" That the end of your turn, Nott? 17? That hits the guy over here, yes. Yeah, he still hasn't quite seen you. It shot out there, but he's not quite sure what's going on. They're not very intelligent creatures, you get the idea. 25 points of damage. Nice. As they're running, the bolt lets loose and goes right into the lower jaw of the one on the left, the one that was being referred to as Bodak. Budak. As it hits, goes (gargling) and starts reaching up with the hand that's holding the club to try and pull the bolt out while the other head goes "Come on! Put your weight into it!" And just keeps charging forward. That end your turn, Nott? All right. Beau, you're up. The horses move at initiative count 20. Just for ease of maintaining it. Which is right after Caleb and Caduceus I believe, right? What did you roll for initiative? 17. So it's right above you. It's before you guys. So it's before Caleb, sorry. So after your turn the horses will move, Beau. What do you do? Possibly. Your movement's 45 feet? Yeah, you can definitely get to this guy. The cart's moving regardless. What are you doing? Right here? Oh. There? Patient Defense or dodge action. No. It's holding your action, holding would be doing that and bonus action-- You can do that. All right, bonus action, Patient Defense. Okay, so you're readying an attack for when one of them gets close enough to hit. You got it. All right, that ends Beau's turn. The horses now move. All righty. That brings us to Caleb. Yeah. It does. Has its own narrative with the death of the minis. All righty. Oh snap! Where's the mini? I painted it, but I'm trying to remember, with the move, where it got put. I know! I'm so angry. It's been a couple hours. Oh yeah, from the jewels? Yeah, it's been a few days from that. Fuck, this would be the time to unveil it, but nevertheless, here we are with the chaos of the past few weeks of moving. Next time! There's big Beau, taking up all that space. All right, and for the remainder of your movement, Caleb? You can get up against the cart, but not into it. That ends your go. Caduceus. Oh, that's your Channel Divinity. Yes. What's the range on it? Yeah, you'd have to get closer. Okay, against which one? All right, left one over here, you mean? All right, that is a natural 19 wisdom save. Dex save? Oh, that's a 18. Still makes it, though. So no effect, unfortunately. It sees it coming and ducks out of the way, and the burst of divine energy explodes in the middle of the air, to no effect. That's your action. Okay. It's now their turn. The two ettins rolled a 15 and a 14 initiative. This one here is going to go ahead and just run past. It's going to go over on this end, that's (counting). 40 and then dash. (counting) So much better. I love it. Now that's Swoleregard right there! I worked so hard to paint it, and then it never came up, and the moment it did, I was so sad. Thank you, Max! TRAVIS and This guy is going to go ahead and just go back and forth on this. That one over there makes no action, but it's coming right up to the cart and it has both of its weapons out. All right. Yes you can. You get two attacks. Ten does not hit. Ducks out of the way. What was that? Okay, so now you do actually make impact, and your fist hits the stomach, and it hits what feels like solid stone with a layer of blubber as you watch it kind of ripple around the tummy. One head goes, (snarling) and the other goes (chuckling), and they both focus on you. And then both heads go, "Hmm?", and look momentarily insecure, before they go, "No, we don't!" and they're going to take two strikes at you with disadvantage because of your Patient Defense. That is a 15 to hit, which does not hit your AC. The other strike does not hit; that's a 14 to hit. So you just deflect them out of the way. "Stop moving lady, bigger lady," is what you hear, while you hear, (gibberish). That ends their go. Fjord, you're up. It's like right above you. You look up on it-- it doesn't see you. It hasn't focused on anyone in the cart. Yeah. And it's looking right down at Caleb. One head's looking at Caleb and the other one's looking at Caduceus, and both weapons are raising up, one for each of them. What are you doing? 13 hits. They're big. They don't have a lot of armor. Both hit, go ahead and roll damage. 13 total. Yes, you may. So as you reach out (slashing sound), the blade emerging out of the weird illusion, and you can see him look confused. Leans forward, and the head peaks past the point of illusion to see all of you in the cart. (yelling) Sure, that ends your turn, Fjord. Jester, you're up. All righty. Where are you putting it? There's another Critter-made gift here. It's another of the floating lollipop. Go ahead and make an attack with it. That hits! Go ahead and roll your damage on that. Five points of damage with the Spiritual Weapon. (smacks) on the back of the shoulders, and you still have your action to do a cantrip. That's two spells in the same round. You can do a cantrip. Okay, that's a-- what save? Wisdom. That is a nine. He does not succeed, so go ahead and roll damage on that. 18 points of damage! So after getting slammed in the back of the head on the left side-- They both (groan), and you watch as dark brackish blood pour out of the ears of each head as they rear back from the impact. That end your turn? So Jester leaves the cart and then join the horses there? (counting) So you're now-- you might want to be there. So you're not going to be trampled by them. I know. That ends your turn. Back up to the top of the round. Nott, you're up. Beau, you're on deck. No, he just looked in and saw you. Even though you're hidden in the illusion, it's aware of your presence and your basic location. Fjord is engaged. Technically, so are you. If you manage to hit. You don't suffer ranged in melee. Yeah, that hits. That hits. 21 to hit or 21 damage? Yeah, that does it. All right, cool. As it's pulled back, the impact of the bells, it's almost reaching up instinctually, though it's holding weapons, it can't really plug its ears, so it kind of uninstinctually bashes into each head a little with its own fist. And as it pulls back, you see that one little exposed bit of the throat on the one on the right, and you release it and it (gasps), that horrible sucking sound as it's jammed into its trachea. It's (gasping for air), and the other head's like, (gibberish) which you hear as, "Stop complaining." So that's your action. That ends your turn? Beau, you're up. Caleb, you're on deck. Go for it. Roll first attack. 17 hits. All righty. Eight points of damage, and it's a constitution saving throw? That is an eight, he does not succeed. He is stunned. You can grab one head and then with the other head grab the other, and pull them down, like slapping two heads together in The Three Stooges thing, but into your knee. They both (groaning) and one of them like drops the club on one side and its hand reaches up to try and grab the face and it's just all sorts of discombobulated. So continue your round. You have advantage on your attacks now. Don't forget to roll your extra d4 for damage, because you're big. Nine, better than eight. All right. Okay. Yes, so you're using an action to try and shove? Natural two! Natural two. Even then, he's stunned, so he would have-- it doesn't say anything about athletics or trying to escape it. Yeah, it doesn't matter. He's down. So you trip the legs out from under him with like a low sweep and a shove, (crash) onto the ground, weapons clattering to the middle of the ravine to each side of it. (counting) 45, you get right there. Go for it. TRAVIS and So glad we got to use big Beau. Yeah, that'll hit. There you go. So as you rush up, the first one slams against the jaw of the left head, like slow-mo jaw spinning. The other one, you go to strike the other head and this one, the actual hand that's holding the battleaxe, drops the battleaxe to catch your large fist in its hand, and lean over. So one head is pulled back, and another head peeks around the other head goin-- There's nothing that says you can't. You would have to spend more ki points to try, though. Okay. You can, but you weren't aware of it. So we can try. That is a 19. That's a natural 16 plus three. It has a pretty good constitution modifier. So it does resist the Stunning Strike, but good try. That ends Beau's go. Caleb, you're up and then Caduceus. This way over here? All right, it is not stunned, it does get a reaction. So as you're pulling back, it swings high with its club as it's currently dropped the battleaxe. That's going to be a natural 15 plus eight. That is a 23 to hit. All right. 19 points of piercing damage, as this club swings over with its jagged rocks and bits of stone and root. No, he's swung back and-- You do, yes. Yeah, monks with Sentinel. They're nasty. Nine points of damage, nice. With this one, you crack again. The hit slams into Caleb's back, sending him flying and shoulder-rolling, sliding onto the ground and barely getting back up, knocked a bit for a loop from the impact. You don't notice that; as you see the swing hit Caleb, instinctually, you slam your elbow right into the ribcage. You hear multiple cracks as you get a good solid six or seven inches into the torso with your elbow as you shatter parts of the ribcage there. (groaning) This guy's looking pretty rough. No, it's at disadvantage because he's prone. Ten misses. That hits. Two hit. Go ahead and roll 4d6. 14 points of fire damage. As one of them fires off to the side and hits a stone (crackling), sending bits of rock and dust off to the side, the two other ones slam into the sides of the ettin who's currently trying to find its way up, but it has no ability to move its muscles, its body still tense from the Stunning Strike, which actually would have given him advantage on the attack because he's stunned. Yeah, I forgot that, so roll one more roll for the first one. First one still misses. There you go. As the flames burn and begin to ignite elements, or at least singe bits of the furs and leathers that wrap around its midsection, it's still desperately trying to get back to its feet. That ends your go. Caduceus, you're up. Caduceus, from the back of the cart, riding it, slams his staff into the top of the cart and beetles begin to swarm out of the staff-- they've been living on the inside-- and then (fluttering, buzzing) scooting over and begin swarming and biting and attacking the side of the ettin as it's currently being consumed by the shadow and everything around it. Go ahead and roll an attack for the-- Should be in the staff. That's unfortunate. Here, I'll find it. Swarm of Beetles. Go ahead and roll a bite attack. It's a d20 plus three. Ten total? That misses. The beetles are climbing up the side of its body, but they're unable to penetrate the thick, giantkin skin. It doesn't seem to mind so much as they haven't been able to get into any sort of sensitive tissue, but you can see this dark cluster, as the beetles are beginning to form up the right side of its body. Oh! All righty. So the three creatures in range, 30 feet, yeah, it's only going to hit the one guy. Charisma saving throw. Natural 19 minus one. I know! I'm sorry. It succeeds. You did. Oh, you avoided this, this ambush could have been a lot more harrowing. They were going to do some actual carnage. That ends your turn, Caduceus? Now it's their-- oh, actually, and the horses are trying to push forward. All right. This guy is no longer stunned. Oh no-- he's stunned until the end of your turn. I remember that. So he's still stunned; he can't do anything. No, he's just on the ground, stunned, prone, and like (groans). The other guy is going to go ahead and move-- No, they do not. He's going to move forward. So you're going to use a ki point to buy an extra reaction. Make an attack. That's one of the abilities of the class, yeah. 16 hits, go ahead and roll damage. He doesn't get to move past the melee range. He gets caught there from the Sentinel feat. Sentinel and this class in particular is a really good synergy. Do you want to make a monk tank? Nine damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Onto the ground, both faces (crashing) into the stone and rock below you. That's it? (laughter) He hits, and he stops moving, and you're like, "Why is--? Like, how bad was it?" You kick the body over a little bit, with your large Beau form, pull it back, and there is a cluster of sharpened stones in the ground that both faces fell onto, and pierced into the skull. There's a trail of crimson coming out of the gap. End of Beau's turn, that guy's no longer stunned. All right. That brings us to Fjord. Well no, Beau's reaction. That was the ettin's turn. One of them got unstunned, and the-- I'm sorry, it wasn't Beau's turn, so it's still stunned, actually. That's right. All right, go for it. That's just a straight roll. 22 hits. 12 just hits. 16 points of damage. It's like (groans) and the other face is like (speaks Giant), which you recognize as being, "Suck it up." (laughter) Fjord's staying inside. Jester, you're up. That's as close as it gets. It hit one guy, though. Yes, you are. (laughs) All right. Go ahead and roll-- it's a straight attack roll, thanks to him being stunned and prone, so they cancel out the advantage and disadvantage. That's okay. All right, roll some damage. That was five, yeah. 24 points of damage. Nice. Jester pulls back, clutching the symbol of the Traveler around her neck-- On your waist, sorry. You pull it up from the waist, and (gentle, high-pitched explosion) release the Guiding Bolt. As it shoots out as a singular beam, you watch as it swells with energy and intensity and slams into him. It actually pushes him back five feet. (yelling) And any movement? All right. Hop back up on the cart. Top of the round, Nott, you're up. He's big enough to still be in the battlefield. There's not a corpse to hide into, but there's a wound that you can-- Okay, gotcha. That ends Nott's turn. Beau, you're up. Roll a stealth check. Got it. Beau, your turn. Caleb, you're up next with Caduceus on deck. What's the range on that? Yeah. Is that the minimum range? What's the full range? It's not a very long range on them. It's 20/60, so 60-foot long range. With disadvantage. It's stunned, which is advantage, and it's prone, so it's disadvantage. But Guiding Bolt, so it's advantage. So it's just a regular roll. Okay. (thuds) Caleb, you're up. Oh shit! It's the first Fireball of the campaign! Oh, that was the end of Beau's turn, you're right. Yeah, that consumes him. He has disadvantage. No, prone doesn't give any changes to dexterity. That's a natural five minus one for his dex save. So 8d6 fire damage to him. Caleb sends out this tiny bead of red energy, quietly streaks over, and then (explosion) detonates, this loud explosion that rocks the center of the ravine. It echoes out through the mountainous area (explosion echoing). As the flames die down, you can see the ettin on the ground (groaning). Its outside is now charred and burnt. It looks very hurt. You did. I believe you did. That ends Caleb's go. Caduceus, you're up. Him? No, you are not. You are more than that away. No, he won't. Even at his full 30-foot movement, he'll be just beyond the 60-foot range. Okay. They slow down. They do. They begin to consume the eyes and the ears, and whatever immediately soft, available flesh is there, the beetles begin to dine on it. That ends your turn. It is now the ettin's turn. The ettin (grunts). Okay, so you've moved over to this position there. Where Jester is, at this little stone. The ettin gets up, and sees the beetles eating his ally. One head goes (laughing) the other goes (growling). Let's see. Nope! They go (grunting), pick up one weapon, pick up the other, and just bolt away. Just book it out of here. Self-preservation has kicked in. It just starts running away. That is an 11 minus one, does not make its next dexterity save. It's running up the mountains and like (grunting), looking over its shoulder like, "Mmm. (laughing)!" How do you want to do this? You watch as It laughs and laughs, and in the distance (boom). And pieces go (whoosh). (laughter) Ten. So as you're all like, "That was incredible," you look back and Caleb's still standing there, hands extended. Yeah, you're still concentrating on the spell. Unless you choose otherwise. Actually, hold on. Does stun break concentration? I imagine it would. Yeah. So Beau, you go pick up Caleb. As you do, your form shrinks down. But he's a wispy fellow, you (whump) over your shoulder; fireman's carry. You could probably still curl Nott while holding Caleb. You're pretty strong. All right, you walk over and cast Decompose. The beetles have made rather quick work of all of the eyes and elements of softer flesh, and as you cast Decompose, the body softens a bit and the gaps in the back where the rigid structure had left air between itself and the ground come to close as the body sloughs a bit off of its tightened structure. You watch quickly as where it normally was very rocky terrain, bits of green begin to emerge vines seem to slowly wrap up over parts of its dead form, and within bits of the wounds that you guys had left in it from your various hacks and attacks against its body, you see bits of reddish fungus begin to pop out and fill the various wounds. Nothing too intense, it begins the process. Make an investigation check. 24? You loot through his body. You find eight gold pieces, 34 silver pieces, and half of an eaten goat that was dangling from the back of its belt. Well, it's great when it's fresh. You can smell the week of ripening that this half-goat has been through. The beetles eventually recoil back into the staff. So you guys gather yourselves back up into the cart, keeping a very close eye on the rest of the walls of this gorge as you continue your journey. You push beyond this brief encounter. So it's about four and a half days of travel to Nicodranas. From here. You're traveling a long way, man. It took about a minute. You guys rush up and hop into the cart, continuing your journey. For this next day or so, Caduceus, make a perception check for me, please. With advantage, with Jester's aid, yes. All righty. Keeping an eye out, you peruse the interior of the gorge for the remainder of its length. Eventually, the mountain gives way towards the end of your day's journey. You don't notice anything waiting in the wings on par with what you had seen before. There are some mountain wolves that wander down in a pack that notice your presence, but don't seem to bother. They tend to avoid the main road at this point. Eventually, you make your way past the dry, rocky plains just as the sun begins to set. You can see to the left of you, the Ashkeeper Peaks that continue to curl off to the horizon; the hills growing taller and more scattered across the plain in front of you to where you can't see beyond the first set. But the landscape seems to be dipping a bit beyond that, so each hill itself marks the horizon ahead of you for however long you have to travel. First night rest, as you were keeping watch, no major issue. As the morning comes to, you all begin to wake up to the sound of approaching hoofprints. Easy enough. As you guys come to and wake up, off the side of the main path, you glance over to the right, and you can see, from the sound of hoof prints, two carts, 30 or 40 feet off the side, heading up the road. At the front, you see a-- I wouldn't say cloaked, but hooded man with a head wrap that falls into a scarf over one shoulder, a long, gray-and-gold set of comfortable travel robes sat at the front, who's looking over in your direction. In the back of the cart, you see numerous sizes of metallic cages of some kind. Make a perception check. 19. No people. You do see a number of creatures; little animals. At this distance, you can see a number of small, feathered, winged creatures on perches on the inside of one cage. You can see on the back cart-- just from this distance, you can't make out too much from this, but you can see two small, furred creatures that are both circling each other in the cage in the back. He's moving. Just glancing over, and noticing this weird, green dome off to the side. Do you emerge from the dome? "Good morning." "Yes?" "They are very nice, they are very young, and they are ripe for finding someone who would "wish to give them the attention and training they deserve." "No, but you may look to purchase if you're interested." You all begin to walk over. As you all begin to approach, he's like, "Whoa," pulls on the reins, and the horses come to a stop. You look, and it's one man. This gentleman as you approach, he's heavier-set, with very tan, sun-weathered skin, the folds of his neck just barely peering past the wrap over his neck, but he seems relatively positive and jolly when you approach. He's got this smile, and his eyes are very welcoming. There are two other figures that are walking alongside the cart that appear to be keepers that are just keeping an eye on the creatures. You can see there are a number of small bags and things that contain food and general means of keeping these animals. And as you approach and look, these animals are kept in fairly good conditions; they're not-- they don't look abused or anything, they're just being brought. He, as they're stopping the horses, steps off, pulls back the wrap from his head, and it's a smooth, bald head with a little bit of stubble coming in around the sides. You can see he's mostly gone bald on the top. He smiles. "Well, it is a pleasure to make your acquaintance. I am "Kestiff Drudy. I am a handler of creatures of fantastical possible talent, and we travel along "these routes to find homes for these majestic creatures. If you are looking to purchase, we can "give you a quick view of our wares." "Kestiff Drudy." "Oh, well, I had previously been traveling from Port Damali and making our way from port town "to port town. We had just left from Nicodranas and are making our way upwards, hopefully to "Rexxentrum, with the various creatures we have." "Why would they block it?" "I heard about that, but do they not want commerce?" "We are carrying nothing illegal. We have been very particular to make sure the creatures we "bring across are within the legalities of the Empire. Should not be a problem, but appreciate "the warning." "Well!" and giving a display, the two other helpers begin opening one cage in the far back, and you can see the two creatures they pull on the side as they walk over with two very young tiger cubs. MARISHA, LAURA and Orange and white with black stripes across their back. "These are twin cubs. The last of "their litter to be given birth to, naught but about six weeks before." "If you would like to make a home for either of these, they are 70 gold apiece. Or, if you want "to buy them as a pair, merely 120 gold." "But of course. Here." Takes one cub and hands it to you. And they look like they had woken up not long before, and they're like (tiny growling). Big paws that are kind of oversized for their physicality. Hands the other one over to you, and as he hands the other one over, this one is kind of climbing up your shoulder, gets a little rambunctious and is across the back and shoulder area. "They look very happy with you, I'm not going to lie." "We have Jamyela, who is in need of a home and some care." And he points over to another cage, and you can see an older baboon. You can see the orangish-red fur fading to gray. It looks older. You can see the drooping skin. It has one arm up, holding onto a branch in the cage, and looks over and it's like-- (raspberry) (laughter) "45 gold for her." "We have," and he turns-- And you can see two of the helpers have gone into one of the larger cages and pulled out these leather cords they keep wrapped around a finger with these little loops that are affixed to the legs of these three smaller, kind of parrot-like birds. "This is a blue dollop," and sets it over onto the edge there. On the horn. "This is a purple-feathered joppie," and hands it over to you. "This is a "yellow-white kurat," and the third bird is placed over onto your other hand. "These run about 20-- "No, these are 15 gold pieces apiece for these birds." He takes the cubs from you and puts them back in the cage. "We also have--" and points over to an owl-- You see an owl, a large owl in one of the far back cages that is kind of like curled up. You can see in the daylight, it's now hitting the end of its conscious cycle. The head (ratchets) and just stays in the cage. "The owl is 20 gold pieces." You hear this (sharp call) from the back cage, and you can see this vibrant green peacock that is in one of the further back carts. Thank you. You see it kind of sitting in the cage-- Yeah, they're dicks. It's sitting there in the cage. "The peacock will run you 40 gold pieces "to purchase. We have, in that cage over there--" And you see this long branch twisted up the side. "Eh, he's not awa-- Come on, show yourself." He takes a little stick out of the side and pokes the log. You see (scramble) up on the log, this tiny, crimson-colored weasel this long weasel-creature. "This is a crimson weasel." "This is 20 gold pieces for the crimson weasel--" They go ahead and take the bird off of your horn and begin to retrieve the other birds off of Beau and take them back to the cage. He goes over and opens the owl cage, gets a heavy leather glove on-- Gets a heavy leather glove on, and then reaches in to get the owl, and it takes about three or four minutes to eventually nudge it to get onto the arm, and the owl is just fucking not having any of it, and is like, "(growl) No." "There is a reason we keep them in separate cages, yes." "That is up to you. I cannot guarantee success in this endeavor, but you are welcome to "try. Being a natural predator of the crimson weasel, I would not recommend it. But it is your purchase." Brings the weasel over. There is a leather leash on the weasel, hands it over to you. The weasel climbs up your arm. Immediately, it hits you the smell is not pleasant. But not terrible, either. It's definitely-- Definitely a smell of... of creature, is the best way I can describe it. Yeah. It's almost citrusy, but like fermented citrus. Similar to a ferret smell, kind of? It makes its way up the arm and curls up and nestles into you. It's pretty soft. "We have one more. This, er... this is a trained creature, because we have to train them "initially, or we cannot keep it with us." He turns around and pulls out the side a tiny little puppy. It's like, a soft, kind of brown puppy with a bit of full-- He goes, "This one is 100 gold pieces." "Well, it is trained to stay within its cage. Because when it gets excited--" and he pulls it over towards you and the tail kind of wags, and then it (poof) vanishes from his hand, and then (poof) appears on the ground next to you-- Appears on the ground next to you, and is like, "Arf. Arf, arf!" and kind of curls up and starts nibbling on your boot. "It is 100 gold pieces." "No. The dog is too-- the dog will get larger, I will warn you. It gets to--" "Probably not, unless it--" "The crimson weasel is 20 gold pieces. The blink puppy is 100 gold pieces." That's a very good question. You know exactly why. Because it's funny! (laughter) Yeah, make a nature check. 12. Looking over all of them, all the animals are well-kept. Yeah. Oh, you asked them? "We are very particular to make sure the creatures are well-kept and comfortable, well-fed, "and are of the utmost quality of presentation. These are not—" Oh, you were talking to the animals. I'm sorry. The best that you can make out from them, they— No, they're enjoying the fresh air. And the attention. Mostly. The owl doesn't want to fucking deal with any of you. Yeah. No, he didn't give you the glove. Yeah. Well, you have your bracers. Make an animal handling check. That's cocked. Yeah, roll again. 16? You go to pet it, and as your hand gets close, it rears back and opens its beak a bit, and you pet it, and the eyes squint very tightly, and then eventually it's-- The feathers furl up a little bit and it tends to poof. It seems like it's enjoying it begrudgingly, like it's really trying not to but it's like, oh, this does feel good. "If you are not interested, please let us know. We do have travel to get—" "Weasel. Owl. All right." "20 gold pieces from each of you." "All right. That is 140 gold total." That's 70 gold each. 60 gold each. No, wait, hold on. (counting) So it's 140, so it is 70 gold each. Yeah. Yeah, I did. All right, so Jester has a crimson weasel. "Whatever you want to call him." He'd be more akin visually to a great horned owl, except for, because it comes from a more temperate region, here on the Menagerie coast, the feathers are more lithe. The body is less large, and it's more elongated and thin, and the tail feathers are a little longer, and the beak itself has a very, very sharp-- like more than usual sharp. You watch as he pulls up and goes (inhales). All right, so that's 140 gold away. "And I'm going to warn you--" "--this puppy is rambunctious and--" As he's making the transaction. He's not going to tell you after the fact like a tool. "You must be diligent and begin to train it to know who is home. Or else you lose it." "So begin training it now." Nugget the blink dog. All right, so mark that somewhere. You have your crimson weasel, you have your owl. "There is no rush. Thank you very much for your commerce. If there is no other purchases, we will continue our journey northward." All right, you as well, tall friend. "All right. Put it up." Everyone gets back into the carts, puts the rest of the creatures away. The carts roll to a stop and (whistles), one of the hands comes over, and this younger woman, the one who's been helping with the birds, comes over with two small satchels. One, hands it to you, and it is filled with about ten dried-out rat corpses. The other one is filled with what looks to be bits of dried jerky and dried fruit. For the dog and/or the weasel, based on what you want to do. The cart continues northward and is out of your periphery. Make an animal handling check on the blink dog. 12? Okay. It blinks out of your hand, and you feel this weight up in your horns. You look over and see it's slipping off of her horn trying to hold on as its hind legs are kicking up, trying to get leverage. (dog barks) All right, as you guys— Yep. Yep. (laughter) Nothing in the valley coming to your attention. All right, so as you guys gather your supplies and continue southward along the road, for the sake of brevity, we'll say for the next few days, you travel relatively uneventful, passing the odd traveler and/or messenger riding their way up or past you at a much faster speed. To your left, you can see the massive green jungle, this tangled jungle forest to the east that consumes the base of the Ashkeeper Peaks all the way just out of sight to the horizon, known as the Cuarasca Jungle. The fields and hills you follow grow darker and more dense with greenery. The sky is more clear and a more vibrant blue than you're used to in the northern lands and the grey skies of the empire. You follow the road over a series of rising hills until you eventually crest the tallest, your eyes catching a beautiful-- and for some of you, an entirely new-- sight. Beneath the cloudless blue, the horizon comes to meet an endless stretch of deep cerulean, scattered with thousands of tiny sparkling lights, the sunlight dancing across the distant waves, giving the illusion of a million scattered diamonds glinting across what is the Lucidian Ocean. To your left, the dark green of the Cuarasca Jungle still dominates the countryside along the Ashkeeper Peaks, the now hundreds of miles of lush, tangled vine canopy stretching to the shore and stopping at the southern cliffs and beaches that give way into the endless waters. A warm breeze blows from the south as the faint scent of salt water tickles your nose. Due just south of your hilltop, southwest, the road continues to wind through the green hills and patchwork rocky mounds dotted with trees and overgrowth, eventually leading to a rather large city that sits on the coast. Dozens of boats large enough to see even at this distance cluster around the bays and docks, while the colorful rooftops and towers vary in height and design, giving an eclectic visual of a jumble of cultures having built this space without unified vision. To Fjord, this is a familiar sight. And to Jester, this is home. Welcome to the Menagerie Coast, and the port city of Nicodranas. And that's where we'll finish tonight's episode. (cheering) Nott now has a full-on ALF dynamic with some of these creatures. I'm pretty excited about that. That was fun. I'm excited to pick up in a couple weeks, guys. I know! We'll be back for the main story and the experience of the arrival in Nicodranas the first week of September, the first Thursday of September. Next week, however, we do have the awesome Liam O'Brien running a one-shot with these three wonderful folks, with Laura, Travis and Sam, and two fantastic guests joining for that. So check that out next week on Thursday. Next Wednesday, right? Ramping up. Getting all of our stuff in the can. Yes. Very necessary reset button. Not to that camp. I passed that camp. I said no. Anyway. Yeah. In your mouth. It becomes part of your bloodstream at that point. Anyway, guys, have a wonderful week. We love you, and is it Thursday yet? Good night.