Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (laughter) Welcome! Before we jump into the game, we have some announcements, so we'll get through those as quickly as possible. First and foremost, once again, returning, and for an extended time for the foreseeable future, we are happy to have a sponsored partner, D&D Beyond. (cheering) Thank you, Sam. Well done. Thank you, Laura, for the assist. Thank you, D&D Beyond for being an awesome partners on this new campaign. As a reminder, Talks Machina, with our recently paroled friend Brian W. Foster, your host every Thursday-- I'm sorry, Tuesday-- Tuesday nights at 700pm on Twitch and Project Alpha to talk about this episode that's happening tonight, next week. Check it out if you're around and want to see different cast members' thoughts on what has transpired. The new campaign episode two is now available for download on podcast, so you can go ahead and find that where all great podcasts are available on the internet. Issue #4 of the Critical Role comic, Vox Machina Origins is out! It's been out for a couple of days now. It's starting to ramp up towards the story climax in the next two issues. Pretty excited about it and the next two issues are crazy. Those of us that know what happens in the next two issues, it's like (quiet squeal) getting impatient. Olivia did such a good job. Olivia is our artist for it. She's from the Critter community. She's amazing and did an incredible job with the comic, so show her some love. Olivia Samson is amazing, and Matt Colville, of course, our writer. Everyone who works on the comic does a great job, so check it out if you haven't had the chance. It's available on digital download on the Dark Horse app, on ComiXology, and a lot of other awesome places on the internet you can probably find. Aw, that's actually really cute. I apologize for being so snappy. (laughter) On Saturday. No, you do not want that. They have been throughout the whole week and steadily, I have been like, "Please, please, don't "be so bad on Thursday." It's okay. Not too bad today. A lot of ice. A lot of ice. But that's enough about me and my gum holes. (laughter) Exactly. That's my usual defense mechanism for social engagement. Also, once again, our fantastic charity, 826LA. If you haven't had a chance, check it out. They do amazing programs for creative writing for underprivileged kids. If you have the opportunity to donate, or donate your time to become one of their fantastic volunteers, that would be fantastic. Check it out, we love them, and have been supporting them for a long time. They're amazing. Thank you, 826LA. Or an 826 near your home. I think those are all of the major announcements. I know, we went through them fast. No new cons or events. So with that, let's dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [upbeat music] Okay, there you go. So how many spells do you have left? Well-- I would like you all to roll initiative, please. Yeah! All righty. 20 to 15. Beau at the top. 15 to 10? Ten to five. That it is. You? So. Five. The good news is they didn't roll very high, either, but still better than a lot of you. And then three and three? Okay, there we go. You watch as these two zombified guards, their brass-colored scale armor clanking as their forms rise up, looking around, peer past the shadowed darkness around the campfire lighting the interior. The horses grow nervous as you watch both Caleb and Fjord emerge from the tent right in their sights. You watch as they both begin to lumber in your direction. They come right up to you. Well, that's all it can do. It dashed. It lurches towards them. They move a little bit quicker than you'd expect, but not necessarily that quick. They both spend their full turns trying to close the gap. For the horses-- That's going to go ahead and end their go. Beau, you're up. You watch them as you peek under the tent and they both just ran to the right. That's as close as you can get right there. You can go into a dash if you wanted to engage directly. Actually, this is my fault. I rolled for the zombies to see who they saw first, but technically their turn hadn't come up yet. That's my fault, because their initiative is lower in the order, so we're going to retcon a little bit of that. That's still there. Because your initiative was super high. That's totally my bad. It's early enough in the combat where it's not going to make a huge difference. But you do watch as they turn and they look past the direction like they're ready to dart towards the actual large carnival tent. You can at this point, yeah. It's two squares to get there. It's not a huge blaze, but there's some flames in it. It's starting to burn out a little bit. Sure. I'd say go ahead and make an athletics check. Make an athletics check. Rolled a natural 20 on his end. As you swing with the staff, it slams into the side of the guard's leg and you hear the slight crack of wood as the armored exterior of the zombified form seems to stand resolute against the strength of your blow. Its head, which was turned off angrily towards the shadowed direction of Caleb and Fjord, turns back, the red burning coals for eyes now glaring in your direction. What are you doing? Well, you did your one attack to sweep him. It's an unarmed attack for your next two. Right. Misunderstood. Okay, go for it. Roll for the attack. You got it. 19 hits. You guys with the ones at the start of this fight! Roll damage for the first one. I know, apparently. Eight points of damage. As you elbow across, wham! You watch as the jaw hangs and dislodges a bit, and as its head turns towards you, you reach with your other first and it catches it in the middle of the air and it tries to bite at your arm, but the jaw hangs open, not able to actually find any purchase in your arm. I believe that ends your turn. Caleb, you're up. Right there? Okay. So go ahead and roll your attack on that. 23 definitely hits. Nine points of cold damage to it. You watch as it's trying to bite with no effect towards Beau's arm as she's pulling away. The sphere slams into the side of its shoulder, it would be this side, and it pulls back. You watch as the arm breaks a bit and the ice shards coalesce around the outside of the armor and linger with this frost and mist that sprays off the impact. It looks fairly damaged. Technically by the rules, yes. But it might be easier to have you guys go at the same time. Sure, for now. This one here? Easy enough. Frumpkin is underneath there. That your turn? Molly, you're up. (counting) You can indeed. Go for it. You see half of its body encased in ice now, and it's still lashing out in Beau's direction as you rush up. Okay then! Those both hit. Yeah. Which one's which? The first attack is that die, so that's not the critical. We'll just double the die, it's fine. It's fun to do it that way. Less dice to have to roll. 13 points of damage. Which is now its turn. Having you rush out of the tent, its attention once in the distance, it traces you over as you attack its ally. It lunges over towards you and makes two strikes in your direction. The bulging red eyes suddenly go black and thick droplets of blood-like ichor begin to spill out the corners of the zombie's eyes. Oh are you-- You take three damage. This attack and the next attack he has disadvantage on. 16 and an eight for the first attack so that bring it down to a 12 to hit. As it rushes towards you, you can see the opening as it swings too wide and you duck right out of the way. Second attack with disadvantage as well. That's a 19 and a 16, so the 16 plus four that's 20, so it still hits. The first one you duck out of the way. However, the secondary slam hits you for five points of bludgeoning damage across your shoulder. You get pushed back into Beau and Beau catches your fall. That ends its go. Nott, you're up. Yeah. She can't, unfortunately. No, it's (counting). You can get to right there. That hits. There you go. Correct, as it is adjacent to Molly. Okay. That's a full ten points of damage to him. You can't hide behind it because you'd have to get behind it, but you can use your bonus action to dash and get behind it. You're not technically hiding, but you'll move in this direction. Yep. You get behind. "Oh god!" That finishes your turn, Nott. That brings us to Jester! You're up! And look out? You see this sudden interaction of everyone, or at least Beau and Molly leaping towards the standing zombie. All right so Sacred Flame is a saving throw for the-- It actually rolled exactly a 13 with no modifiers, so it does succeed. Well, what does it say on the spell, is it half damage or no damage? Okay then yeah, sorry. Let me double check that. That finishes Jester's turn. Fjord, you're up. That's about as close as you can get right there. As you hold your arm out in force, the edge of the pommel glows with this dark, black, purple, crackling energy, and this single bolt of Eldritch energy fires out in the direction. Roll for the attack. That hits, roll damage. Nine points of damage, nice. It hits and the armor dents inward, to the point where if it was still a living human, it probably would've caused some serious internal bleeding or bludgeoning, but the creature seems relatively unphased by the impact, other than being pushed onto one foot then back on its, two-foot weight. That ends your turn. Beau, you're up. All right, you have to move over to him, though. You vault off of the corpse of the other zombie guard and then leap down with your staff towards him, go for it. 13 still hits. 11 points of damage. Wham! You slam into it and watch as it (impact). It's starting to look pretty beat up, but it's still standing. You have a bonus action if you still want it. Every turn, as long as you're attacking with your action, you can bonus attack with you unarmed strike. Then use a ki point to double attack if you want. Go for it, roll for the attack. 16 hits! Go ahead and roll damage. Eight points?! That's okay. Six points of damage. Whack! You slam it in the side of the head with a roundhouse kick and watch as the neck snaps and the head is stick there like (snarling). It's trying to snarl, but you can hear the windpipe is closed off at the angle that it got snapped and it's making this horrible choking sound. Caleb, your turn. Roll for the attack. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. Four points of damage. All right. The bolt slams into the side of its head where it was hit by Beau, and actually snaps it back into place. You watch its eyes lull for a second and it comes back with renewed undead strength. Renewed in the sense that for a second you watched the light flicker out but it seems to push through by the force of the enchantment that holds it aloft. You've got ten feet. (Counting) What's the movement on Frumpkin? All right. That's your turn? All right. Molly, you're up. Two more shots? Eight? Misses. 16 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Nine points of damage. As the blade sinks into its shoulder and you see it carves in and jams halfway through the torso, the armor stopping it part way before it lodges in, and it leans forward. (growling) It's still standing, and your blade's stuck in the abdomen. All right, that ends your turn, Molly. It's going to take its first slam, swipe at you. Since you're immediately in front of it. That's a natural 20. I'm rolling some good 20s tonight. What other dice? Of course it's the snitch. 11 points of bludgeoning damage. It clocks you across the side of the temple. You're vision goes blurring for a second. You spit across the ground. You're used to the sight of your own blood, but now it's across the grass and dirt at your foot. You start to feel yourself get a bit woozy. It's going to go ahead and spin around and strike you with its open claw with the other arm. That's going to be a 16 to hit? That is nine points of bludgeoning damage. You guys watch as the first hit clocks Molly hard. The second one is this clawing uppercut. He goes backwards dropping one scimitar; the other one being left, stuck in the body of the undead guard. As it now glances back towards Beau to its right. That's the end of Molly's turn, and the zombie's turn. Nott, you're up. No, he fell straight back. If he rolled a one, we'd talk. Fire resistance? Nott, what do you got? You just watched Molly go down. Unconscious. All right. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Molly, as you watch it turn around towards you, suddenly it lurches as a crossbow bolt shatters its kneecap from behind. Its other leg, which had been partially damaged from the process of getting up and combat that's happened isn't enough to keep it aloft. It tumbles back into the fire and immediately begins to burn as it begins to scream and squeal. See the flames begin to burn and engulf its body before eventually it comes to rest, no longer held by this undead magic that keeps it standing. Quiet falls over the encampment. That being the case, you become stable. You're not conscious yet, but you're stable. You don't have to make-- Do you have a healer's kit? Beau as you're standing here, Molly is no longer bleeding out. He's breathing and coughing in the unconsciousness from the pain. You watch as Jester is fiddling through her bag, pulling things out. I'll say for the instance of this, since it's not necessarily immediate danger of him dying off. Go ahead and make a medicine check. Okay, I'll say-- (sighs). He's still unconscious. Given a little bit of time, he'll come back to consciousness. Ten minutes or so. You can probably, eventually through the use of strong vapors or something you can bring him back from the brink. At this point the rest of the carnival currently within the vicinity begin to emerge from the tents seeing that the danger has passed. Make a perception check. You glance around the interior of the chamber which has a unique smell to the inside. You smelled it before, but it catches you very strongly now that there's quiet and you're not focused on anything else. A very faint smell of brimstone lingers within the tent, mingling with the wet grass. You look around and see no girl. The one that he cleaved, the armor is not functional at all. The other one, the last one to die, the armor is still functional. It is dented and beat up, but it's still functional. There's the slightly tarnished brass armor. Then there's the red maroon color. It's like a scale mail chestplate and armplates for it. It could be used but it's still a big piece of armor. You'd have to lug it around or wear it. You both do, currently. About, yeah. The Knot twins emerge like, "Where are the guards, the rest of them? Are more coming or is this all of them?" "Do you think we should run?" As you continue to search through, aside from the armor that seems functional, each of them have a basic longsword. Yes. Which can be pulled out. Between the two of them you can gather about six gold pieces and four silver pieces. Glancing off to the side you can see the lake is maybe 400 to 500 feet north. It's pretty burned. The maroon robes on the one armor is damaged and can possibly be salvaged. The armor on the one that is burned can be used. The robes or the maroon cloth is burned away entirely. The armor looks like its been burned. It has blackened, charcoal edges to it. Okay. If you're right there, you're not far from the tent. You head back and see he's not on the outside of the tent. Make a religion check. You believe the little girl may have tooted before where she went to where she is. You glance over and you don't see Caleb. You do see Fjord is in the process of looking in the area. You walk up and Caleb is nowhere near the tent on the outside. You don't know where he is. An impressive display of physical strength. The little, adorable tiefling, without an issue lifts the body out of the charred bits of burnt wood and charcoal. Ornna gives a hand and helps you. The Knot sisters look like they want to be absolved of this whole scenario and look like they're about to flee at any moment. As you're dragging Molly, Molly, your eyes lull open and you're at one hit point. Come to consciousness. You're being dragged. Okay. You're hooking them all up to? As you guys are doing this, the two Knot sisters talking to each other, look around, and they go running to the southeast. They're out. Sure. No, no it is. Roll a perception check. That is a mustang. You guys have the bodies loaded up, both the charred and the slashed one, onto the cart. All right. Easy enough to find any sort of material if you wanted to cover the contents of the cart. You guys are ready to go. Ornna is standing there alone. "I think I should stay here." "What, and be a fugitive? I can explain what happened. Hopefully." "Exactly what happened. The same thing that turned these guards ran off and you're hoping to stop it." "Okay. I can do that. I can't leave Gustav and Bosun in prison to take the fall for this." "I'm quite good with fire. That's not entirely impossible." "No. Never trusted anything that looked the way Kylre did. Everyone seemed to put a lot of trust in him. Gustav did. Toya did. I don't know if this is still a misunderstanding, but--" She points over to where there's splatters of blood in the middle of the grass. The leftover carnage from the battle. "Just get this figured out, please. This is all I have left." She looks around the empty encampment. She stands amongst the four empty tents by herself. Toya's gone. "It's okay. It's hard for some folks to trust carnival folk. Just as hard as it is for some folks to trust little green folk." (laughter) You hop on your mustang. You have the cart and the horses at your disposal. What are you guys doing? Okay. The two of you saddle up on the back of the cart as it makes its way northward. All right. The horses pick up and begin heading northward towards the Ustaloch. It doesn't take you too long to get to the southern edge of the Ustaloch. You can see the muddy lake bed that gives way to the water itself. Number of scattered stones in the muck and occasionally you hear the lapping of waves. The very subtle wind flowing through in the night. It's about two in the morning. There's some moonlight in the sky. It looks like a waxing moon. At least the one you can see because there are multiple moons. There's two moons in Exandria. That was established in the last campaign. One of the moons is so faint-- There's one. Anyway, there's a faint bit of moonlight which gives you folks without darkvision a little bit of detail that you can make out in the vicinity. You come to the lake edge and there's the water. Perception check. Okay. Couple things. One you don't see any guards, but you do see a few hundred feet to the west of you along the edge, you see a boat that is about a hundred feet out on the water. You see two figures that are in the boat. Possibly two fishermen or two guards, but you can't really tell from this distance. There are two figures in a boat a little ways out on the water. From your current visual perspective, you don't see the other end of the lake. It's a pretty decent sized lake, but you can see the very faint bump of a landmass that breaks the horizon of the water. Like an island, possibly. Yeah, it breaks the water's horizon from here. There's a faint bit of lantern light that's the only reason you're able to make them out at this distance, but that's as much detail as you can make out. They're a few hundred feet away from you. Oh, man. So, what do you do? That would be very confusing. Make a survival check. Even with your darkvision, it's hard to make out too many details. There's a lot of foot traffic along the banks of the river at different points in the day. There's not a lot of light. You're unable to pick up any tracks. Okay, so you remove the bodies from the cart. Are you dumping them on the shoreline? Okay. (thud, thud) The two transformed guard corpses now lie there. One an ashy mess, the other in three pieces. Left along the bank of the water. Okay. (laughs) Make a survival check. All right. You guys-- (laughter) You glance back over and you can see the boat seems to have moved a little bit further away and has come up to the bank and looks like it's hitting land. No, a little bit further away and then has hit the land. The figures are currently taking things out of the boat. Okay, which direction are you moving? Well, north is into the water. Like you hit the water of the bottom of the lake. That's the direction it was traveling. Make a survival check, sure. Oh, Sam. 11. It's hard to really make out what tracks are what. You do see a few heavy impacts in the mud. Some of them looks like it could have been the bodies being rolled, but not too far from where you are, there's one big smack in the mud. Like something heavy impacted. Make an investigation check. This will break your short rest. You can see the heavy impact has a few subtler imprints. There do appear to be two hands and two feet though the water has washed in and gotten rid of a lot of the details at this point. You can vaguely tell they appear to be facing towards the water. Two people in the boat. They look proportionate to each other. They both look vaguely humanoid and regular. They are a little bit to the west along the bank in the direction of the city. The city is northwest of you currently. If you were to continue around the lake-- Exactly. I mean, if you want to. You haven't yet decided to. Actually, I'd say for the points of expediency, with the time it has taken you and have these discussion at the edge, it's pushing 230 like 300 in the morning and both of you have finished the short rest. You get your blood maledict and you can use your hit dice if you want. Yeah, it's gone. That's better, there you go. Better than one. Make a survival check. You have advantage on it because it's a feat. Looking at the imprint you follow back the direction of the carnival and you can see the path because it was a beeline toward the Ustaloch. The best you can tell because the water picks up there's no trail to pick up in the water. Looking at the trajectory, it was very intently making its way towards the water either avoiding making any more tracks and making it difficult to follow. Not near you. There's the one that you saw the two fishermen are at right now. Then further into the city the docks, there's plenty of boats that are tied up and locked. The other side of the lake, from what you know, because you were traveling southward towards it, there's no major landmass on the other side of the lake. It's just open field. You notice what looks to be some sort of a bulge in the landmass in the center. Too large to be the toad, but it does seem to break up the water horizon from that vantage point. It's not like a mental tracking ability. It's to be able to see details of the specific type of tracks. Just like any other tracking, you still need to have things to follow. You can read damage in the forest to see if something barreled through. You can follow tracks. You can see blood splatters. Any sort of thing that can give you an idea of where something went that is of those types of creatures. With the knowledge of it being a fiend, go ahead and make a religion check. You do, actually. 15? Now that they've mentioned a fiend, it seems familiar, but the most you can get is a memory that you don't know where it came from, this memory of horrible toad-like demonic creatures that exist to the far east in Xhorhas. That's as much as you can recall. But you're definitely sitting here now with this memory that comes to mind, going, "This whole time! This whole time--" Technically, elements of that guard's body are charcoal now. Okay, so the cart makes its way. The two fishermen you see are in the process of tying up nets and bags of things, and they just stop and watch you guys ride by, then go about the rest of their work. You continue with the cart, pulling it up toward the southern edge of where the Ustaloch meets Trostenwald, and you can abandon it there, or you said you wanted to send it somewhere? So what are you doing? I see. Okay. Okay, so you guys head the opposite direction for a little ways after the field. All right. Who's spooking the horses? Make an animal handling check. What's your armor class? 17? As soon as you hit it, there's a (whinny) and there's a split-second where you watch its back leg muscle twitch, and you duck out of the way just as its back hooves (whoosh) past your face. Yeah. Make an animal handling check. No. You knew the animals, but you weren't the animal handler. Okay. I'll give you an animal handling check with advantage, because it's fun. 13! It's above a ten, guys! Awesome! Yeah, I know! With a crack, and a heavy echoing snarling sound in the vicinity, both horses kick up and go into a full gallop sprint away from the direction of you, the cart being dragged behind it. They continue to go into the shadow. You don't know how long they're going to go. By the time you guys make it back to the inn-- Are you guys being careful, or are you just walking back? I'd like you all to roll a stealth check, please. All right, that's fine. You manage to make it to the Nestled Nook Inn without any prying eyes seeing too deeply into your movement. You get back to your rooms as the very faint distant change of black night begins to turn to the faintest of blue of morning curling over. You guys go to your respective rooms, and you take a rest? Okay. The owner watches you do that and she's just, "Whatever." "Don't get anything else dirty!" You guys complete a long rest. Your max hit points? I mean, your max hit points are your max hit points. With full rests completed, consciousness comes to on the outside of Jester's room with the heavy sound of (knocking). You open the door. The same two crownsguard that had come the day before. "No. We came to tell you that you'll be needed for the investigation and questioning "within the next three hours to arrive at the behest of the Lawmaster at the stockade." "We'll be back in three hours." (door creaking) Habit of creeping out guards, I like this. The rest of you come to consciousness. You're rested. At this point in time, it's past noon. It's about two in the afternoon. Well, no. It's these two currently, for the moment. Then-- (knocking). Just finishing up with them. Yes. Two guards are there. "Sorry to disturb, the investigation will require you in about three hours." All right, so. What are you guys doing? Correct. She's right in the middle of pouring a drink, she's like, "Right! What do you need?" "If you're looking for strange wares in general, then your best look would be Burnished Bibelots." "You might be able to talk to, let's see here-- Lochward General might be interested in "buying a few things." Lochward General. Aye, it's about three blocks up north. It looks very pretty. Make an intelligence check. Yes, just your modifier. It's very shiny. Yes. All right, you guys make your way to Burnished Bibelots. It is open, though there is nobody currently inside the interior. As you go to the door, it opens up and you see the same cluttered mess of the inside. There across the way you see the tiny gnome gentleman who's up on top of his desk, his legs folded over each other. He's looking through a book right now, as he's thumbing through, "Hello!" "Yes! Okay. Good! I have them held right here!" He reaches back and then has to arrange himself again. Eventually he crawls off the top of the desk, gets down there, puts the two books on the top. "Wonderful doing business with you!" Slides them forward to you, counts-- "Those are the ones you told me to hold for you, yes." Yes they are. You guys make your way back as the rest of you have come to consciousness and you head down to the tavern. So it'll take you a few hours to go through those books. You begin to read through it. In the tavern at the table, or do you want to read in your room? Up to you. It's an interesting book. It talks about different forms of fiends and demons and the hierarchy of the Nine Hells. It talks about myths and stories of devils and demons interfering with the lives of mortals. A lot of it is fables, a lot of it is warnings and things that parents would tell to keep their children from wandering in the darkness. But it does have little tidbits of information about different types, and they talk about horned devils, and they talk about the great and terrible balor and pit fiend, and it seems to be a jumble between both demons and devils. Sure, if he lets you. Right now, it's about three. Yes. You do find one interesting tidbit of information that piques your interest. If he decides he wants to share, it's up to him. As Fjord slowly walks away from the table, not engaging with your comedic advances. No, you didn't inquire or question. Oh no, it's a general book about-- Anywhere, anything, it doesn't even mention locations. It's just, "This is some lore about "devils and demons!" As soon as he says that, it triggers something in your brain, and that thought you had the other night clicks. Like, that's what it was that was escaping you. Nergaliid. He ate what was given to him. He seemed like a lizard man, from what you knew and experienced. He thought it was fine. There was no draw to it. Make a religion check. Sure, I'll let you roll for it. You don't get the idea that most devils or demons have a vulnerability to radiant or holy damage. Some might, some don't, but you're unable to take a bead on this. The book you have is informative from an encyclopedia standpoint. It's sort of storytelling and an informative thing, but it's not a catalog about all the aspects and details of each creature. Yeah, you were like, wait. In comparison to some, maybe. You're not Johnny Five-style, I know kung-fu. Yeah, you can read pretty quick, let's say. You spend a lot of time by yourself reading. From the window to the wall. (laughter and groaning) "There have been a series of murders within the Crownsguard that we are investigating as well. "This will be part of the investigation tomorrow, you are not to leave this inn." "You are absolved of it today. We're still going to come by tomorrow and have you questioned. "We've arrested Ornna and we have members of the carnival that have fled that we're currently "seeking at the moment." "We'll return tomorrow." They leave in a frustrated huff. You've got about eight silvers worth of incense, and that's a lot. It's masking the faint scent of horse dung. Yorda is currently in the process of sitting down and checking something underneath the bar and goes, "I'm sorry, what was that?" How much is the-- No, you're going to need to go out and buy some. There is the remedy store that you've seen before, and that would be the place to have incense and/or herbal type. All right, so you have ten gold between you nine from Fjord, and one from Molly. Okay, so eight off. All right, you have the gold. We'll say for the purposes of expediency, it's easy enough to go and purchase the necessary incense and it's quite a bit. For the purposes of this ritual, which you've done before, it's quite a cluster you have to assemble for this. The chalk's amassed, the other materials you need for it. I don't know, you guys have made me facepalm pretty long before. What form? As you finish the concentration, the cat form shimmers and condenses into this tiny little cluster of coal before it sprouts wings and you glance on your shoulder. (whistles) You guys, after waiting patiently and talking amongst yourselves, Caleb reemerges with a tiny sparrow. You can only see through Frumpkin's eyes for up to a 100-foot radius. Let me double-check. I have to recall the specifics, I may have confused-- The wording is a little squirrely. Yeah, you cannot communicate with it telepathically, but you could technically still see through its eyes, I suppose. Right. What's the command? All right. As you go up to the window and release Frumpkin-- It's curious, when Caleb is focusing, the pupils go to a very faint sky blue. You see flickering in them, though you cannot make any imagery out of it, it's just the strange movement within the pupil. As you concentrate, the bird's-eye view of Trostenwald-- Frumpkin carries up high into the air. For the large lake that it is, you can see two smaller land masses in the center of the lake. Technically not north from where you are now, since you're back in the city, it's more of a northeastern direction. They're both relatively small, one's maybe a few hundred feet across, another one is maybe 50 feet across. It's a smaller mass. Watching as it coasts downward and does a pass over the larger one, make a perception check for Frumpkin. There is a faint treeline on this island. The island has a few small trees, which is mainly what you had seen during the night when you looked out over the water, Beauregard. The land mass was actually the very top of this tree line. It's a small grove that has clustered there on the center of this island. Unable to make out any other details other than the tops of these trees and there's a few spots in between where you can see overgrown grass and general ground, rock. The bigger one, yeah. Make a perception check for the smaller one. The other one has maybe five or six trees on it, but most of them appear to have either died or be standing alone on this small mass. That one looks pretty barren. Even with as bad of a look as that was, it doesn't look like there's anything visible on that land mass. It does. The larger one has much more of a cluster, a grove. Yeah, they're roughly 600 feet apart from each other. Yes, basically. Sure, what would you like to make? Okay. It requires half a day to make that. Okay. Okay. That's easy enough. Okay. Make an intelligence check, adding your proficiency modifier. For the supplies that you've spent-- You've used your one set of acid supplies you had on you, so you'll have to buy more to make it again. As you begin to make it, it becomes caustic and begins to melt through part of your glove. You immediately freak out, you drop it, and it hits the wood. Splatters a bit and begins to melt through the wood. It is still slowly eating through the wood. Eventually Frumpkin begins to return, having done Frumpkin's full watch. You come out of it and the first thing you see is all of them gathered around this hole in the wood. As you concentrate, the area and the wood around where that hole is all of a sudden begins to turn darker and more solid. While the texture remains of wood, suddenly it has the appearance of a dull reddish-brown metal. There are some fishing vessels out there, and there are a number of them that are still at the docks. No. By now it's 330 in the afternoon, four o'clock. Actually, it's probably closer to five at the time that you've spent with Frumpkin, so it's starting to get closer to dusk. From where you are right now? I'd say a mile and a half. As long as you can remember, yeah. Sure. Easy enough. The sun is close to setting. you've got about another 30 minutes or so before it sets. Okay, we'll say for that, that'll run you about-- Fine liquor? About two silver pieces. It's a hefty flask, too. Mark that bar tally. All right. Liquor refilled, you go towards the window, you all gather and glance out, and in the alley below the inn is a stationed crownsguard that wasn't there before. You immediately get the sense that with the sudden murder of two crownsguard being discovered in the vicinity, they may have beefed up security a little bit. Only one of them is guarding the alley's exit onto the main street, and they're looking away at the moment out into the road, but occasionally glance over their shoulder into the alley. But there appears to be a little more of a security set-up. Okay, you exit without issue. Easy enough, and as you exit the tavern, you can see where once there were two guards sitting at the front, there's now three, and there are two guards stationed across the street that are keeping a watch. It looks like everyone's on high alert since they've had some of their own crownsguard killed. You make your way around the corner, through the T-intersection to the other road that meets with the main street that crosses in front of the Nestled Nook, and you see the guard stationed outside who's currently leaning up against the wall, arms crossed, looking back and forth. Make a deception check. 15? He goes, "Which way? Please, point and show me." He grabs his blade and draws it out, and gives a jog after you. The rest of you guys make your way down quickly outside into the alleyway. Make a stealth check. All right. All right. Between the three of you making the check that's still a majority success. But you do pop your ankle when you land. I was being kind! You sprained your ankle a little bit as you land and you kind of hop behind but the three of you make your way past the alley without issue. No. (laughter) The three of you dart on the outside and make your way down the alley behind what looks to be a cluster of empty rain barrels that are set up to catch during storms, and you appear to have managed to just avoid the sight of the guarding crownsguard on the outside of the inn. Caleb and Nott, what are you guys doing? So they darted off into the alley, what are you guys doing? While he was distracting them, you saw the guard leave with Fjord. You aren't there. You haven't caught up with them yet, they're still out in the open. So the two of you make your way towards the docks slowly. Right. I see everything. You guide for two and a half blocks and the guard's still like, "Where is it?" "You called me-- You said there was one of them--" He sheathes the blade. He walks up and slaps you across the top of the head, and just goes, "Don't go wasting our time." He spits on the ground towards you and turns around and heads back to his post. You all manage to slowly make your way to the outskirts of the Ustaloch, down to where the majority of the docks are set up on the lake itself. Since the lights have gone out, most of the boats have now come back in, and they are bringing in their hauls out, and have small nets and baskets filled with fish they've caught while they're out there, small crustaceans, most of them are in the process of just offloading and locking up and tying their boats. What are you guys doing? You are, actually. One of the larger fishing vessels that can carry a group of your size, as well as a couple of others, has already been pulled in and most everyone has been loaded off. You can see there's one gentleman in his mid-forties, a little bit of a five o'clock shadow on his chin, a small scar across the bottom of it. He has a heavy knitted cap that's folded back onto the top of his shoulders and a long coat, and as he's standing there, he looks over at you and watches you approach, taking the rope and tying it around the edge. "If you're looking for someone to take you around the lake, I could do that for a bit of coin, sure." He glances at your hands as you're talking, "You look like a hard-worker." "Where are you from?" "I see you've been a shiphand before. I can see the cracks in the fingers." He looks at his own hand. "So you're just looking for a joyride?" "I'll tell you what. I'll take you around. You get a bottle to take more out there, we'll call it even." "All right." He goes and starts getting the boat ready to go back out on the lake. He's getting ready. The trade was to bring a bottle. A bottle of fine wine runs you about ten gold pieces. A bottle of basic wine, about a gold. This is some Two-Buck Chuck style of wine. You spend the gold and you get a bottle of cheap wine, make your way back to the boat-- Yeah. As you return with the bottle, you all get onto the boat. The older gentleman, as you all get on, introduces himself "I'm Noah, this is my vessel. I'll take you where you need to go. Now, if I can ask where you're headed. Want to do a pass on the lake and back, or..." As he pulls the rest of the rope in as you guys are on board, he stops. "Beautiful?" He goes and gets his paddle out and begins making his way-- "Well there's only two islands out there. One's a piece of shite and the other's Crookedstone." "Crookedstone used to be where and old witch lived about a hundred years ago." (gasps) "Well, it doesn't really have a name. It's too small." "Can I ask you where you're going?" He puts the oar down-- (cork removal noise) (gulps) (sighs) "Fair be it to me to judge. To Crookedstone, then." He picks up his oar and begins paddling. "I don't know. Probably died many years ago and no one goes around, seeing as it's cursed land. You'll see for yourself soon enough." "Probably." "We don't really deal with witch folk." "I'd only expect as such." (chuckles) Takes another swig as you guys begin to make your way towards the center of the Ustaloch-- Sure. Both of you make a perception check, please. Sure. Okay. Okay. For future note, if everyone's going to make a perception check I may have a few folks, you know, to helm it, and other people aiding their roll with advantage. Just so we don't end up having a barrage of perception like, "They failed? I do it. They failed? I do it." Because that gets a little lame. All right, as you guys keep watch over the edge of the water, heading in as the sky darkens, heading towards Crookedstone, the island in the center of the Ustaloch. Prepare yourselves for whatever you'll find there and we're going to go to break! It's time. We're going to go ahead and take a quick ten minute break, roughly. We have ten minutes so we get a little bathroom break. We'll be back here shortly. Make sure to stick around for a video at the break in which we have our Wyrmwood contest to win some awesome Wyrmwood stuff, so keep an eye. We'll be back here in a little bit. See you soon. [break] Oh, I'm going to get you guys back one of these days real hard. Welcome back. Our winner of the grandiose collection of Wyrmwood elements is koehlerart. Congratulations, you're the winner. Danoba will contact you and get your information. Pretty nice win on your part. We'll have next week another giveaway to look forward to that. You swooed? Don't do that. The sun has set as you guys approach the outer banks of the Crookedstone Island in the center of the Ustaloch. You can see the grove, a clustered central conglomerate of trees that all create this mound of brush. Now that you're up close against it, you can see the bit of moonlight that's starting to come over the horizon dancing across the upper part of the canopy. The trees, at most, are about 15 to ten feet tall. They're not incredibly huge, some even hovering around the five to ten foot range on the outskirts. He was about eight feet tall, hunched forward. As you approach the bank, you can see already there's a lot of heavy rocks. This is not a soft, muddy embankment like the outskirts of the lake. This has a lot of jagged rock, and your ship-finding friend is carefully making his way through as close as he can before he comes to a stop, pushes off with an oar, and says, "All right, I think this is as close as I can get. What "are you doing here, if I might ask?" Make a deception check. "Sorry I asked." "I'll tell you what." "I get the sense the less I know, the better off I am. Go about your business, I'll be waiting "here. Don't do anything stupid. I'm not getting involved with anything. If there's some illegal "business here and I see something shifty, I'm back on the shore and you have to swim your way home." He takes the bottle and takes a big, heavy swig, and sits down in the boat. All right. As you guys step off the boat into about ankle-deep water, traversing the broken bits of sharpened stone, making your way to the actual island of Crookedstone, you begin to slowly approach the outside of the treeline. What do you guys want to do? Make an investigation check. What are you doing? Are you looking around for details? Make a survival check, with advantage. It's hard to tell. Because it's such a rocky shore, there aren't a lot of signs of landfall. Moonlight, and a little bit of a dissipating orange-purple glow in the sky. Oh no. What's the plan, guys? Perception check on Frumpkin, please. With disadvantage because of the lack of light. Yeah, the lack of detail, nothing really catches Frumpkin's eye from above. Make a perception check. Are you glancing about, or are you going to wade through the forest to look for things? Make an investigation check. Which is good, because the first roll should have stayed anyway. Works out well. Seven. It's hard to tell in the dark, unfortunately. Your human eyes prevent you from finding any details in the vicinity without a light source. The faint bit of moonlight gives you the general structure of the island, but beyond that, even looking close, you have a hard time making out details. Okay. What is the order in which you guys are walking or fanning out? Technically, you're in the-- We'll go with this. You guys all carefully make your way into the treeline. The smell here is definitely that of low tide. You get that unearthing of sediment, and the occasional whiff of dead fish. No, not at the moment. You guys push further in. Are you being quiet about this? Then I would like you all to make a stealth check. As you guys slowly become a cohesive unit, a true adventuring party, you begin to carefully make your way through. Thankfully, most of the small tree cluster, this small glade, the floor of it is soft, and as you step, there's no heavy snapping of twigs or crumbling of leaves. Something does catch the edge of your foot on the outskirts, Fjord, as you glance down. You see what looks to be two crustacean shells small crabs that have been fished out of the nearby lake, and have been completely eaten. The inside has been cleared out. Something about being deflowered. You guys continue about 30 or so feet into the treeline, before you start finding, I wouldn't say a clearing, but the trees aren't as closely placed together. There is some semblance of an opening here and there. Unfortunately, you're having a hard time to make out any sign. You guys make your way towards the center of this cluster of trees. Okay. Make a perception check. Well, one of you do, the other can aid if you want to, and that gives you advantage on the roll. Yeah. You don't see any more crab shells, but you do glance a bit ahead, and amongst the trees, you can see stonework. Stones stacked in a wall that is toppled over and fallen. A small ruin. Some sort of a structure, once a single-story structure that seems to have fallen inward and been destroyed. Partially overgrown, and what little moonlight comes through, you can make out the shape of it. There's corners still standing, but other than that, it looks like it's been toppled over and left to ruin. If you get a little closer, you can, yeah. Okay. You creep up and you can see it's a ruined building. It looks like it was 30 feet on one side, 15 feet on the other. It's destroyed. There's no hut. It's a ruin. Like The Secret. You're manifesting a witch fight here. "Where's the hut?" You guys approach. Who's keeping visual point on this? Who's helming this? I'll give one of you a perception roll to help on this. Technically, I should have given Beau disadvantage because of her human eyes. I let it slide because you were looking for crustaceans. I'm not used to you being a human. I know. It worked out fine for the narrative. No. It's too dark to see anything, even with your darkvision. It looks like a ruin. It could very well be that this island is abandoned. It looks like whatever roof was has fallen in, and all there are are some semblances of the wall still standing, and corners to the structure, but most of it is either crumbled in entirely-- Yep. Okay. You climb up onto-- there is no roof to it, per se. It's all fallen in. You want me to put a witch in this? You want me to throw a witch in this? There can be a witch, Sam! I got rules for this shit in the book. Yeah, going back to my first campaign. Roll for number of witches. As you vault up to the top edge of one of the stronger walls, you head up onto the side and glance to the back, right as a pair of red eyes (whoosh) right up at you, and this (growling). I need you to roll initiative. Nope. All of you. There's Beau, right there. Whereabouts are you guys, currently? Fjord's right there, giving you the boost up. You and Molly were close to it? You guys are next to each other, because you're holding there. Molly moved up to probably here. Around there? Okay. Let's go ahead and-- oh shit, okay. 25 to 20, anybody? Nott, since you got high-- You got higher than that last time. 20 to 15? Hold on. We have Molly up front at 18. Who's next after that? MARISHA and For the ease of this, we're going to run with Frumpkin on your initiative order because otherwise it's another initiative we have to worry about. Yeah. All right, so, Caleb. 15 to ten? All right, Nott. What did you get, Fjord? Top of the combat round. Molly, you hear this growl, and you watch Beau begin to react and get the staff ready and you immediately know this is not good, but you're up first. You can only apply one per round on a bonus action. Oh, you're doing both right now? Technically it's a bonus action; you can't convert an action to a bonus action. No. Unfortunately. Yeah, you could apply it once, and then you still have your action if you want to. You can mark down, you take down your temporary hit points or your max hit points to 22. Okay. You move there? It is now Kylre's turn. All right, seeing you right there, the devil toad turns to little Toya to the side, who looks a bit dirtied at a glance, and goes, "They're trying to take you away. Come, sing for us! Stop them!" All right. The devil toad is going to straight leap, which would pass through your-- you get an attack of opportunity-- and land right there. Make your attack, if you want to. It's just a hit with your staff, yeah. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage. Correct. Seven points of damage. You smack it on the way, with this horrible wet thud to the back of its body, but it moves through with immense speed, especially with the density and the weight of this thing as it lands, the ground shakes in the area, the vicinity, and as it lands, it uses its action to Summon Devil. As it lands, it begins to mutter a language under its breath. Anybody here speak Infernal? You hear an incantation that essentially amounts to a faint, "Come, protect me, brothers," beneath its breath, and three bursts of flame. As three imps apparate in the vicinity. Here and here. Roll their initiative. Okay. That's his action, and Toya's up next! Toya actually rolled initiative just below. Toya is looking around, looking scared, looking at you motioning towards her. (sung note) Her haunting voice begins to spread from her and I need all of you to make a wisdom saving throw, please. Okay. That's some good saving throws, guys. All of you shake your head and back away. You your eyes move towards her, and there's an enchantment that pulls your attention. You have disadvantage on any attack rolls you make for the next turn. She, scared, sees you, and begins to walk back this way and hide behind the wall, but continues to sing, giving this aura in the vicinity. That ends Toya's turn. Beau, you're up, as well as Jester. So that's your action? Where are you placing your--? Let me see real fast. Still getting used to these new abilities. It appears anywhere within 30 feet of you in an unoccupied space. You can go around this one there. That gives you some cover. That's your turn. Beau, you're up. All right, make an acrobatics check. Yeah. You make the landing, roll, and go towards her. You're going to use your action to grapple? Go ahead and make an athletics check, please. As you land, you manage to grapple Toya and using the staff you press her against the wall, and the scared dwarf girl's eyes are open wide. The singing falters for a second, but she continues to still sing, and you see her eyes looking around desperately for-- I mean, you have a bonus action, yes. Technically a grapple is an attack, so it's an attack action, so yeah. You can. Just a straight attack. If you're just hitting, or pushing ahead with it, I'll say. 11? Does not hit, actually. It's more that fact that as you're pressing in, she's adjusting her body and she's reaching up, grabbing, and trying to keep her voice emitting from her throat. You can't seem to get a beat to press. She looks genuinely really scared and freaking out at being put in this position. Okay. That ends Beau's turn. Caleb, you're up. Yeah, there's no light in here. Most any roll you'd be making would be at disadvantage. Actually, we have a light for this. Forgot about that! I should've put that on. Hints of moonlight. We'll say within this vicinity here, the entire center of the island now glows. You can see the ruins casting shadows off against the rocks in the vicinity from where each globe is placed. You all have a pretty good view of the battlefield at the moment. You can get right behind Fjord if you want to. That ends Caleb's turn. Nott, you're up. One way to find out. Okay, go for it. Eight. Okay, there's that. Okay, so you're all clustered up here behind the ruins. All right, so that finishes your turn, Nott. Fjord, you're up. You can. With the light that's burning up there, it only goes about maybe five or six feet there. You have a good view of the creature. That you can! As you focus on it, and you condense your attention, you guys watch as the blade in Fjord's hand shimmers slightly. What was previously a faint bit of polished metallic suddenly begins to grow something organic looking. A cluster of barnacles begin to appear out of the hilt of the weapon and curl down about three or four inches down the blade, and it begins to drip water, sourceless. Like it was freshly pulled out of the ocean. The shadows that had been drawn from the nearby bits of stonework begin to tear into the body of the devil toad who looks around at the ground as there's now this squirrely swirling bit of black energy that's wrapping around and causing it to look about confused at its torso. That's your bonus action. All right. You're shooting Toya? Or are you shooting the toad? For the Hexblade's Curse, we'll have to double check. It is for your melee. I don't think it's for spells unfortunately. Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 15?! Slick. Because it's plus--? The hexblade-- is that also for a melee weapon though? Great, yeah. That's 15? With that as you snipe through the pommel of your blade, the energy blast strikes and the toad-- as it impacts, the shadows seem to grab the bolts of energy and tear them back towards it's torso causing additional damage as it (grunts in pain). Okay. That's the end of your turn. Top of the round. Now the imps go. Yep. Two, three, four. Oh no, it's a 40 foot fly speed! (groans) All right, cool. With that, all three are of them are going to make a sting strike. That's one against you, Caleb. That's a natural three plus five. That's eight. Misses you. Against Nott, that-- Jesus. Nine. Then Molly. A 17 plus five. You would have. You take your strike as it comes into range. 13 does hit. Just hits! Nine points of damage. As it swings down with its wings, you arc out with your scimitar and you carve through its body. It looks horribly hurt, blood spatters across your arm and across your forearm from the creature. But it still survives and jams its stinger into you. You suffer from that-- It's cocked. That is five points of piercing damage and you have to make a constitution saving throw, please. Correct. 11 is just what you need to succeed! You only suffer four points of poison damage. Nine points of damage total. Correct. Oh wait! Okay, good to know. Thank you for clarifying. Go ahead and roll another die. You rolled a ten? Well, it's the additional die. So 19 damage on that one, nice. Good to know, thank you. That brings us to the end of the imp's turn. Molly, you're up. Well, no. You have to attack with one hand and then as a bonus you can attack with the other. You can attack with the one that's not enchanted if you wanted to. Okay. Go for it. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. With a scream and a burst of flame and sulfurous cloud, the imp flickers out of existence. Okay, you used your action, you still have your bonus action. You can still attack with your bonus action if you wanted to. Okay, then back away. That's your turn then. Molly's done. Kylre, let's see here. He's going to make a standing leap. Lands right next to you, Caleb, you get knocked almost off your feet and barely hold yourself there. As it lands, you glance over your shoulder at it, its eyes burn ever bright and you feel this horrible sickening sensation crawl across your body, make a wisdom saving throw. That succeeds the saving throw. You are not stunned, as the siphon life deals four points of psychic damage to you. Yes. The life that it pulls from you bolsters himself and it would've been a lot worse if you had failed, so that's good. All right, that's going to end Kylre's turn. Now going to Toya, who's still singing, I need everybody to make a wisdom saving throw, please. Yes. You guys are rolling some crazy fucking saving throws! Jesus. Well, Toya keeps singing. She's starting to cry now, you can see tears running down her face as you're pushing her into the wall. That ends Toya's turn, Beau and Jester, you're up. You don't know. All right. Okay, go ahead and roll for the attack. Guiding Bolt is a ranged spell attack, correct? Seven is not a hit. As you attempt to fire the bolt outward, the devil creature glances up and sees your secondary form and then ducks, as it blasts into the ground right by your feet, arcing past and exploding across the dirt and bits of-- whatever it is there. The word escaped me in the moment. Yes. Well, no, I was going to say compost. There you go, compost was the word I was looking for. Okay. As you come out of the way, the toad's long-armed reach swipes out at you as a reaction. As you run and dart, you see the giant arm coming down towards you, and you pull the shield up and it almost causes you to trip from the sheer force of the impact. But the brunt of it is taken by the shield as it scrapes off and you hear this horrible grinding of metal as its claws scoop across the outside of it. That ends your turn I believe. Beau. Are you trying to cover her mouth? Okay. Go ahead and make an additional athletics check. All right. Make an athletics check. She rolled a ten as well. That is considered-- No, I believe for contesting... Right. I'm looking at contesting grapple checks here real fast. Doesn't say as part of the rules. I'll say, for the hell of it, let's roll it one more time. Yes. Natural 18. This tiny little dwarf girl, her stout form still manages to pull your arm back from her mouth. The voice continues to billow outward. Yeah, it was an attack, yeah. It was a grapple attack. You do. I mean, what you want to do? Okay, make an attack. That hits, roll damage. Eight damage. Whack! As you smack her in the side of the head, her eyes loll back and she falls limp in your grasp. She's unconscious. The singing immediately stops. You have your movement. You are holding her there. Okay, it's half movement to drag her. That's as far as you can get. As soon as the singing stops. (grunts) The toad looks over the shoulder and sees you dragging her back. What previously was this low, guttural growl becomes this bellowing scream of hatred. That ends your turn, Beau. Caleb, your turn. All right. You are in melee range with a creature doing a ranged spell attack, so go ahead and roll your attack. It has disadvantage. Unfortunately, as you're scared, the sound of its screaming causes you to shake as you release the blast. Unfortunately, your fingers lose the hold of your diamond for a moment and you have to actually catch it. As you do, the spell dissipates and fumbles. Anything else on your turn, Caleb? That ends Caleb's turn. Nott, you're up. Which one, the toad? You will get an attack-- I'm sorry. Exactly. As you push away from the imp as it tries to strike at you, seeing your friend in serious danger here, you dive into the shadows, leap into the air. Go ahead and roll an attack. 19 hits. Go ahead and roll damage plus sneak attack, because Caleb is in range. All right. So 12 points of damage. As you drive the blade into the devil toad, you see it plunge right to the hilt and it begins to bleed from the wound but its attention is still focused on the unconscious dwarf being dragged off by the monk. But that was a pretty sizeable blow. That ends your turn I believe. Fjord. Does it say it's concentration? Then I would say it's not concentration Yes you may. That you can. As you run through the space between that large rock and the exterior of the ruined building, your large blade, water drifts off of it behind. It seems to almost perpetually emanate its own source of water. You arc with the blade forward. Go ahead and make your strike. That hits. Is it one-handed, or are you holding it with two hands? You did not. Was it plus four, right? Your charisma's plus four. Then you get a plus two because of your Hex, so technically it's 16. Sorry, 14. That is going to be a 12. What's the DC? As you rush through the air and the blade arcs, the water seems to glow as it comes off, like it becomes phosphorescent and as he impacts the blade into the side of the demon toad, there's a flash of light and what's left behind is the scar that you've cut through its body is now burning with this reminiscent ember where you just carved through its hide. It looks down at you, averts its gaze from the monk for a second, and goes (confused snarling). For a split second, for the first time, you see fear in its red burning eyes. How long does that last? Again? Okay. So he has disadvantage on attacks and cannot move closer towards you. That ends Fjord's turn. The imps are up now. This imp here is going to turn around and dart towards the cleric who ran off to the side and that one's going to attack Caleb. Caleb, that is going to be a 12 to hit? That hits? Okay. So you suffer, as the stinger hits you, for seven points of piercing damage. I need you to make a constitution saving throw, please. A 12 succeeds. So you only suffer five points of poison damage. The other imp attacking you, Jester. That is going to be a natural 19. Pretty sure that hits you at 24. You take six points of piercing damage and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Actually, that's not too bad. Six points of poison damage. Correct. All right, that's going to end the imps' turn. Molly, you're up. That's 30 feet there. Variant tiefling. A wisdom saving throw? That is going to be a no with a seven, I'm pretty sure. All righty, good to know. Vicious Mockery is an action. Okay. That ends your turn. It is now Kylre's turn who is-- (laughs) oh man, yeah. He was about to go right after Beau, but he's scared of you and cannot move closer towards you. He's going to take a swing at Nott. He's like (panicked muttering) and try to squash the small thing right there, with disadvantage. That is 16. 16's your armor class? That hits. 11 points of piercing damage as the claw strikes out at you, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Ten is just what you needed to succeed. The poison from the claws of the toad does not set into your system. Kylre's going to-- out of sheer panic now from you-- try to flee. So he's going to leap and land over here. You do both get attacks of opportunity on the toad. Would not have fled except for that fear effect. He's like, "Fuck, I got to run." That hits. Hits. Sure. Eight points of damage. You added sneak attack to that, right? Because he is next to it. 11 points of damage. Nice. How does the effect on that work? Yes, it does. 16 points of damage. All righty. As an action it has to try and save against the spell, ending the effect. Damn, that's crazy. All righty, so that being the case, that's going to end Kylre's turn. Lands, looks over at you hiding behind the tree-- Toya, death saving throw. That's a success. All righty, that brings us to Beau and Jester. What are you guys doing, Beau and Jester? You're right here, next to Toya. Yeah. It's half movement with her if you bring her. Okay. Double move? That's right. So you can get there. You have your bonus action. Kylre, between the trees and being frightened of Fjord, doesn't seem to notice you at the moment. He's currently focused on the fear effect. That's all good. That ends your turn. Jester? Okay. Well, you're still in his combat range, actually. He has a ten-foot range. He does have disadvantage on the attacks because of the fear effect, so that's helpful. Do you want to run through this way? 30, that puts you there. Both the imp and Kylre get an-- The imp because... Oh, that's right, yeah. That's right. That Vicious Mockery brings the imp's attack down to a nine, so the stinger whips past you. Kylre's giant claw reaches out and tries to catch you as you run past. Natural 20 and a three. (relieved noises) That ends your turn? That brings us to Caleb. I need you to make a death saving throw. Okay, that's one success in that. Nott. Yes. There is an imp that just knocked Caleb to the ground. Yeah. 15 feet from him. You pull out your hand crossbow. Ten? That does not hit, unfortunately. It ducks out of the way. You move onto Caleb's space and use your body as a shield. Okay, that ends Nott's turn. Fjord, you're up. 30 is as close as you can get right there. You are in its melee range, which means you'll have disadvantage on Eldritch Blast. Knowing that, you can take a step back. That definitely hits. Is it a natural 18? Don't do additional psychic damage, it has to be a melee weapon to do that. 14 points of damage. All righty. Fjord, how do you want to do this? (cheering) As the creature pulls its jammed hand out of the ground after trying to strike at Jester, it turns around to watch as you approach, and as you hold the pommel outward, the blast, lighting up its jaw, its eyes go to a bright pink with fear as it recoils from the blast. As it hits, the blast seems to be absorbed by its blubberous form. This crack begins to (cracking) across its body. It's trying to hold itself together, and the scales begin to turn to ash. Like the inside of it burning out like the end of a cigarette, the embers glowing, incinerating the interior of its body as it slowly tries to hold its body together. It falls to its knees and then slowly the rest of its body tumbles away into ash and dust. The whole body doesn't burn away. The wound where it impacted is burned up at this point. Two imps are still active, yes. That ends your turn, Fjord? That imp is going to go after Nott, who is currently protecting the body. Which one, the one that is attacking Nott? Okay, so disadvantage on that one. That puts it at 14. As its eyes cloud over, it swings with its stinger and you feel it just barely hit the tip of your hood and pull it back. But no impact from the stinger. One will attack you, Fjord. That is an 18. Yeah, it hits. You suffer seven points of piercing damage, and I need you to roll a constitution saving throw. 3d6 of poison damage, that is 14 points of poison damage. That stinger is no joke, man. After the creature that summoned it is gone, the imp turns and as it runs toward you, you try and prepare, and its stinger pushes past your leather armor and pierces right through your sternum and poison hits the inside of your system, right where the heart and lungs are and you feel them seize up. Your eyes and sight go to darkness. That ends both imps' goes. Molly, you are up. You can get there. Go for it. No. You try and swing, the blind rage in your eyes, but the imp whose eyesight you had cursed, hearing you approaching, manages to just get out of your range. Sorry man, that sucks. All right, that brings us to Beau and Jester's turn. What is the spell? Constitution saving throw? Thank you. Five and 16. The one over Fjord succeeds, the one over Nott does not. What does it do? Six points of damage to the one over Nott? That's the one that someone damaged. Yeah, with Vicious Mockery. That's enough to do it. This bright, whitish-blue light begins to burn up its body. As it tries to fly away, you watch its body burn away like flash paper. MARISHA and No, that's a feat. That ends your turn. That brings us to Beau. No. One. Actually I need to make another. Okay, success. Sure, we'll call it an improvised weapon. You're not proficient. So go ahead and roll a straight attack roll. Yes, with disadvantage. You hear it clatter against a tree in the distance. Caleb, make another death saving throw, please. Two successes. All righty. Nott. Okay. Go for it. That's what happens when you don't look! All right. Roll one more attack roll for me, please. Six? You hear a (metallic sound) across your shield as a bolt from a hand crossbow almost hits you, Jester. All right. Nott, does that end your turn? Fjord, I need you to make a death saving throw. It's been a long time since you've had to make one of these in the game. That's a fail. All righty. Top of the round. The imp-- I'm going to make a perception check for that imp. That's not good enough. The imp is going to go ahead and fly over and attempt to take a swing at your duplicity illusion. Okay. Does anything happen when the illusion is hit? Let me check just in case. Okay, yes. So just an illusion. So it strikes and its stinger passes through with no effect and it seems confused and figures it out. So now it knows that it's an illusion, but it wasted its attack that round. Illusions come in handy for that. All right, that ends their turn. Molly, you're up. All righty. 11 does not hit. It's too quick. You swing twice more and it's doing figure-eights around your blades. It's frustrating the shit out of you. All right. Toya-- --succeeds on her third death saving throw and stabilizes. No, she's stabilised. A natural 20 is what we'd need to see for the one. All right, so that brings us to Beau and Jester. No. It doesn't work that way. That's right. I mean, if you're flanking it, I'll allow advantage on the attack. Which is like, as long as you're on the complete opposite side of the foe-- So you can-- I'll say you can get advantage. Essentially, yeah. So yeah, you can if you want to. So you're going to try and knock it to the ground and stomp on it, is that what you're doing? Because it's flying in the air. All right, first strike. So attack with advantage. Yep. All right, so the first attack crushes the imp and it hits the ground, the wings go limp and it's dead, but you still (yells) and stomp down, just crushing it more and more. And then its body eventually just burns away into ash. So all the threats have been neutralised and you now have two friends that are bleeding out. You come back to consciousness. Caleb, I need you to make a death save. All righty. Make a medicine check. I will say for the purposes of this, you watch as Nott pulls the porcelain mask back and just gives Caleb the most terrifying mouth-to-mouth you've ever seen. Caleb, the darkness fades and you come to consciousness. The first things you notice are the cold temperature, the taste of iron in your mouth, and the vision of Nott pulling away from you like a terrifying Nosferatu. (laughs) Temporarily blinded. You watch as two Jesters start doing a little skip. A large part of the torso just burned away. The inside is partially burned out to embers in the blast, but there's still probably 60 percent of the body remaining. You would be at one hit point when you come to consciousness. I'm giving you that because of the natural 20. Any other roll, you would just be stabilised. Exactly. (laughs) This is investigation, because you're poring through the-- 14. You find a small pouch of flesh, like a little hiding pouch that you kind of reach in a little bit and it has kind of a mucus-y liquid on the inside. As you reach in, your fingers find what appear to be a few small stones you can feel at the tip of your fingers. Do you pull them out? You pull it out. It's a handful of jewels. Looks like rings, necklaces. There's actually a few stolen pieces of jewelry that are in the pouch as well as a few coin. But other than that, it is devoid of any other items or objects and it looks like that was its running fund. They're still slick but easy to put on because they're lubricated. You can do ritual spells and it won't take a spell slot, just takes ten minutes more of casting time to do it. You may. So you take a little bit of time concentrating on it. At the end of the spell, you send out your extended consciousness, but they do not resonate anything magical. They are pretty. It just helps stabilise. There's a feat you can take that makes it do more. All right. As you guys sit here in the quiet, you can hear the crickets now; the rest of the sound of the forest has fallen away and the din of the battle has vanished. The moonlight gets a bit brighter as the moon climbs higher in the sky. And you all kind of look around at each other. Through this haphazard series of events you've come to assemble a skillset that seems to overlap pretty well. And hopefully it's enough to clear your name. But we'll find that out next week. So we're going to end the episode. We'll be back to continue that thread next Thursday. I know, but it's 1045! Sleight of hand. I don't even think you have high enough perception at all. You have a very nice-- Yep. Aw. And we'll leave it at that. All right, thank you guys so much for watching. I'm excited to continue this next week. Yeah, you did! (laughter) Two of you went down. Well, because we are doing milestone leveling with this campaign-- That means there's no experience points, but at the end of each major story beat, like a big moment that I see fit, then everyone will level up together. I will see fit when this arc concludes, so end of next episode, probably, everyone's going to hit level three. So start thinking about-- for those of you who have to choose a path, think about what you want to do if you haven't already. Not even passable. (laughs) All right, thank you guys so much for watching. Thank you again, D&D Beyond, for being our awesome partner and sponsor for the leg of this campaign. Hope you all have a wonderful weekend, and is it Thursday yet? Have a good night.