Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Apparently, someone's got mail on Drag Race! Yeah, well done, though. Welcome guys! Before we jump into tonight's episode, we have some announcements to get through. First and foremost, returning once again this week, our fantastic partners and sponsor for the beginning of this campaign, D&D Beyond! An awesome Dungeons & Dragons tool for use for your campaigns, whether you be DM or player, and Sam, do you have anything to say about that? We're using those characters for the next campaign. Thank you very much, Sam, congratulations Taliesin, and thank you D&D Beyond for being our sponsor. Quick reminder to those of you who have an Amazon Prime account, you can get a free subscription to the Twitch channel by going through your actual-- yeah, you do it through Twitch! You link your Amazon Prime account to your Twitch name and you are able to subscribe to one channel for free a month. If you have not subscribed and you want to have the VODs available to you before they go up on Youtube, that's the way to do it, for no additional charge. Check it out. Talks Machina-- It's okay. We haven't started yet, so technically it's a buffer. Talks Machina, next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific. We'll be here on Twitch and Project Alpha where our host, Brian W. Foster, will discuss what happens and transpires in this episode tonight, so check it out next week on Tuesday. The podcast of last week's episode is available for download, so those of you who missed last episode or want to listen to it on your drive or commute, or you just like the audio to create your imagination-scape, last week's episode is available to download now wherever finest podcasts are located to be downloaded. Any other major announcements from you guys? That's awesome guys, I love it. Once again, 826LA, our fantastic charity we've been supporting since the very beginning of this show, almost three years ago now. They do fantastic work. If you have the opportunity to give your time to it, or want to help donate, or at least look up and see what they do, I recommend you do it, they are fantastic, so thank you guys. Unless anybody else has anything else to interject, I believe it's time for us to jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] That is why. That's a different place entirely. You guys all bundled up into a singular room above the floor of the Feed and Mead. Found yourselves exhausted, passed out, and got an evening's rest, so you've all gotten a long rest. You've healed up. You've recovered your abilities. As the uncomfortable warmth of the morning kicks in, with your small room and number of warm bodies encompassing a very tight and not very drafty space, the partially humid early hours draw you from consciousness. You all begin to stretch your sore muscles and decide what endeavors await you with the new day. What do you guys want to do? Bryce had said if you wanted to continue to help with this then there was more money. The door slams behind Caleb briskly making his exit. I know, apparently. You head downstairs to the only other real location within the Feed and Mead Tavern. There's Crute still there off to the side and one very dirty and ashy civilian who is currently slowly scarfing a meal with a thousand yard stare. Looks like they had been close to the action and chaos the evening before. As you walk down, Crute looks across and goes, "I see you're "awake. Would you like breakfast?" LAURA and "All right. It'll be about an hour. Because it's just me." "It's just me." "Come on!" The two of you jump in with Crute in what is a not very well-kept kitchen, but functional. The gristle, who knows how long it's been there. It might add to the flavor, who knows. We'll put it at a B in Panorama City. You guys go ahead and help out. It does manage to cut down the time for breakfast preparation. Eventually food is presented. Make a sleight of hand check. You're too caught up in the meal-making. Neither does Crute, as you manage to do so swiftly. Practiced, like you've done this before in many other establishments in the past, maybe. As you guys finish your breakfast, the rest of the day is yours. As you emerge from the tavern-- and Caleb, you've already seen this-- you see that the fires have now been reduced to maybe a dozen wide plumes of gray-white smoke on the eastern side of the city. It rises from the ashes and charred wood remains and wood frames where some buildings used to be. It seemed much more dangerous and chaotic last evening, but looking at it now in the day, it's no more than maybe a dozen buildings or so that were affected. They were more centralized to cause the most chaos suddenly at that time of night. You get the sense as soon as you look around that the folks of the city are on edge, understandably so. You see the people are trying to pick up their lives and move on in the face of what recently occurred. The very air holds this tension as you look around you. People walk past you with sacks of grain and tools, their eyes wide, darting around for unseen danger and glancing past the two tieflings, immediately, instinctually step back a bit and make a wide berth. You watch children run from doorway to doorway, trying to stay out of the street as long as possible. It seems like it's trying to carry on, but it's going to be a process. Some folks are rummaging through the remains of the respective buildings. You glance over near where the central portion of your conflict last night took place, where the Candleglow Tavern is, and there you see, amongst the smoldering rubble of the inn, a single halfling man sifts through the wreckage, a crownsguard helping him lift heavier beams. You see as he plucks what he can of his former life from the rubble. You have not met this person, no. You can see a halfling man, maybe in his fifth decade or so. He has ashy blond hair and a face cracked by smiling, though now too dour and soot-covered to see any sort of smile on his face. As he pulls through some of the rubble and he's making a small pile on the side, he looks up and goes, "Oh, right. Can I help you?" "I mean, if you don't--" "You don't have to! Okay, okay." As you dive in, you spend the next ten minutes helping move through some of the heavier beams that collapsed. There is still somewhat of a structure, mainly of the bottom floor, but a lot of the top floor, the one that you were in last night, has fallen in over time. So it's moving some of the bigger beams out of the way. As you're pulling through and moving some of the larger pieces of the structure, the halfling man goes, "I appreciate the help. "Name's Thadeus. Thadeus Candleglow." "It was." "20 years since I was left this place. Built by my grandpaps, Reedus." "Oh, I was here. When they all came in, I was gone. I wasn't about to stay around, you know?" "Oh, I did not. I was in the process of cleaning dishes and dealing with a couple of my "patrons. One of them--" and he points over to the rubble. You can see what looks to be a skeletal body that's been partially collapsed. "I suppose Leiman's probably not going to be a regular anymore." "Rebuilding requires something called money. I think I'm probably going to gather what I can "here and shop up north and see what other work I can get myself to." "I don't know. A building establishment like this. I'm not entirely certain, but I could check "in. I assume it's probably a few thousand gold pieces for the structure." "That's really sweet." "Oh, this hasn't happened as long as I've been here, and I've been here most of my life, "here in Alfield. You hear about these things wandering on the outside, and you know crownsguard "keeps you safe. Anything comes too close, they just shoot them in the face with a bunch of arrows "and shit." "They didn't take any of the worthwhile stuff, thankfully." He points over to a pile and you can see there's some brass urn or vase that's been smashed and dented by the conflict. You can see bits and pieces of a few keepsakes that might be worth a little bit of money that have been brought out. "They just mainly took all of our food stores. Most of my meats, most of my salted "meats, the dried meats, the fresh meats, the butchered meats. They cleared out the butcher down "the street." "That's a real curious-looking face you got there." Make a persuasion check. But in Halfling, that helped. "Yeah, sorry. What can I do?" "Quite a few. You'd have to ask around some of the crownsguard." "I mean, plenty of folks seem to get through this okay. They only took down a few buildings. "I'm more worried about the folks that were plucked from their homes." "I haven't looked around, to be perfectly honest. I've been a little focused on--" and he gestures out with his hands at the rubble that was once his life. "Well, you have to present meat. A lot of people around here eat meat." "If you're asking me, then the best meat. Don't know about quantity, but quality was--" (tongue click) "Well, if at some point the gracious gods see fit to bequeath upon me a strike of good luck "and I can get to rebuilding, my friend, one day, you may be able to try one of my meats." Oh, yeah, burnt charred. "Oh that's--" He steps out through where the doorframe is still standing, the one that you defended yourself through most of that battle, just a free-standing frame now. He points over to a building across the way, which is one of the buildings that was nearby. He says, "That there's the Ruddy Top Butcher, well, what remains of it," and you can see that building too. It's still standing, and it's nowhere near as damaged as the Candleglow Inn, but it's sustained quite a bit of damage, and it looks like the roof has fallen in. "Yeah, if you're looking for farming supplies, general supplies, there's--" "Oh, you could probably find something like that there, The Broad Barn." "At one time it was a barn, but the farm stopped giving up crop, and so they converted the "barn itself into what was a general store, because they started selling off the tools they didn't "need, but that made them more money than the crops did that year, so we started importing more tools, "and for the past 30 years the Broad Barn has been our commonly known general supply place there on "the western side of Alfield, so if you want to--" "Of course." "Well, y'all look like you're geared up to be making a mess. You going after these things?" He leans in real close to you, getting on his tippy toes to meet your gaze, and he says, "Well, if you manage to go and kill some of them dog people, you tell them Thadeus Candleglow says hi." "Thank you." "Good." "I'm not a child, but I appreciate the gesture." "Gesture. Her name's Gesture!" The adventurer formerly known as Jester. He takes a bite, and (spitting). "I don't think I have much of a choice at the moment." He gives a long stare towards you that fades past a little bit beyond. "Anyway, I should get back to picking up the pieces. Excuse "me," and starts gathering more stuff from the rubble, and the crownsguard behind goes over and takes the things he's already gathered, and begins putting them into a small crate, and doesn't engage. I know. Seriously. Where are you guys off to? You were told it was on the western edge of town, and since most of the city is built on two intersections of main road, you follow the core essential east to west path, and on the way out, where you first entered last night, even though you just ran past it, you can see there is indeed, right on the edge of town, almost like the town was built to fill the gap in between, a very large barn that looks to have hundreds and hundreds of feet of coiled rope on the outside. The front doors are wide open and you can see a number of folks are coming in and out, many of them with cleaning supplies, heavy pieces of cloth, buckets, whatever can be used to start getting rid of the remaining black splash and ashy covering of last night's destruction. You also notice, as you approach on the outside, there's a bit of commotion. You see a dozen or so crownsguard, and a handful of armed volunteers, that all appear to be in regular civvy farmer clothing, that are all gathered in a loose huddle, with Bryce among them. You hear a loud grating voice from within that huddle. As you approach from the outskirts, you see a middle-aged male gnome of ruddy complexion and slicked parted dark hair. He wears very clean maroon and gold robes, and that would lend an air of elegance, were he not hopping around and pointing fingers. You see as he starts shouting between the crew, waving his hand around, "Without any warning, it was your job, Bryce! With Ruben cold dead, that "leaves no Lawmaster to preside, forcing me to take that position as well. I do not need that added "responsibility, but until we get a new Lawmaster instated from Rexxentrum, I have no choice." Bryce pipes up at this point, glancing over and seeing you guys' presence, "Starosta, I've sent a request "to both Zadash and Bladegarden for a supplementary force, but it may be weeks before any would "arrive. Can we send trained hands at my approval to retaliate?" At which point, the Starosta, which has now been identified, says, "We cannot spare any of our forces while the surviving guard are drawn so "thin. Out of the question! Maintain a vigilant perimeter and deflect any further incursions." Bryce nods slowly. "Can we at least have permission to hire mercenary strength to "retaliate, then? I feel not being proactive before the gnoll force can fully regroup would put us at a "severe disadvant--" At which point is cut off by the Starosta. "Yes, that's fine! Hire outside! I "don't want any more of my citizens' deaths on my record. Dismissed!" He immediately pushes through the crownsguard and storms off, which is hilarious to watch a gnome storm out of a group of people, and off with a huff is escorted by three crownsguard from behind, out of that space. The crowd begins to murmur and disperse, and go about their business. Bryce turns and smiles at all of you. They've washed up from last night's damage and dirty conflict, so as they approach-- "I'm deeply sorry about that. Starosta Kosh is high-strung on a holiday, and tensions have "never been this high since he was assigned here eight years ago, so please don't take that to "heart. He's just a--" "Your words, not mine." "No. Those in higher political positions rarely do, it seems. Anyway, I want to thank you "all again for your aid last night. I can't fathom the further death toll, had you not been there and "jumped in selflessly as you did. Thank you." Bryce trails off and looks back towards where Starosta Kosh had stormed off and goes, "Fucking Dwendalian political bullshit. We've needed a more trained "guard here for weeks, especially with Xhorhas bleeding into the valley, but we're far too south "to matter. Any request has been declined due to all necessary forces being needed at the garrisons "by Brokenveil. If they were doing their jobs at the Bluffs, we wouldn't have so many reports of "violent beasts in the valley in the first place, but here we are. At least I've gotten approval for "a bit more cash. To that, while I do not know what your business here is in Alfield, if you are still "interested, we are in need of some skilled mercenary work." "Well, until at least this threat has been dealt with in a satisfactory way. I've "unfortunately not had my scouts return after they were sent the night before, which does not "bode well, but I suspect that we should see some sort of hopeful backup sent by Zadash or "Bladegarden within the next week or two. In the meantime, we're a bit of a sitting duck scenario, so I've "sent a few guards to go to Zadash to see what other mercenaries could be sent forward. We do "have some folks traveling along the road and will keep an eye out to see if anybody else is looking "for some coin, but for now, you are our first line of defense. Or offense, if you will." "Oh, there are plenty of threats. Let's see, famine, syphilis--" "You're not wrong." "This backwards place has its fair share of issues, as I've come to learn as being not from "the region, but it seems to me that nothing on this scale has quite assaulted in some time. I "mean, there have been wandering rumors of terrible things and creatures wandering past the Xhorhas "border for as long as the Dwendalian Empire has been around. It's the whole reason that the "garrison's up north. But this far south, generally the guard can keep things at bay. This is a very "organized thing, I don't like it. I don't like it at all." "Well, this is new. Nothing on this scale." "I've done a bit of research overnight, and it seems that gnolls are known to be very "aggressively hungry creatures. Could say famished to the point of obsession." "The deal stands. 30 gold per gnoll ear, proof of a dead gnoll. If you can recover any of "the missing townsfolk here in Alfield and bring them back safely, I'd be willing to pay 25 gold a "head, returned." "There is, because even if they are gone, we would wish to bury those we've lost. I could "probably muster ten gold per retrieved member of the Alfield citizenry." "Preferably all of them. Whatever you can find." "Seeing what these creatures did last night, I don't know what state you'll find any of "them, but I'm being hopeful." "They seemed to be heading east, to a northeast direction. That's where the scouts went "before they left. I wish I had more information for you, but that may be the place to start." "There are some spotty woods on the outskirts of the town that Alfield was built "into. Beyond that, it's rolling hills and fields. There are some older, long grown-over settlements "that have been abandoned. Small-scale, but honestly, beyond here it's mainly fields." "If I might offer some advice If you do see a ghost, don't engage." "My dear, there are ghosts everywhere in this world. It's far more ancient than you assume." "I don't know as to why, but it's not uncommon, from what I could ascertain. Whatever "dark powers they worship, it seems, allows some to progress beyond death. Rumors are that when gnolls "go hungry and left to feed on each other, what remains rises to fight alongside those that still live." "Honestly, I just shared with you most of all that I had learned." "The only other bit of information I was able to pull from that was, they have this thing, "this entity that they worship. It has a name." Pulls out a few small notes. As you're saying this, they pull a small series of notes from their pocket. "Yeenoghu." Let that be a lesson, young halfling. "I don't know how to pronounce it, I only read it. I apologize." Make a religion check. With advantage. It sparks a memory in you. Information floods your mind, and you recall hearing about various demonic leaders of the Abyss. Creatures that once walked the prime plane. You see images of this large, bestial, feral, angry demon. Ever-hungering, ever wandering to conquer and devour in its wake, leaving destruction, fetid meat, and waves of yipping, angry hyenas to devour what was left behind. "Of course." "It's not so much about that, more than these aren't well-to-do people in their own right, "and right now, honestly, rebuilding--" "That's all right. But you, as I know quite well from personal experience, have some coin to "your name. Perhaps that will be of aid to you." "As far as I could tell, whatever living things they can get their hands on." "Probably." "I will say, if there are any surviving captives, then haste is very much key. For if they "are as hungry as they seem, regardless of the massive volume they have acquired through the "evening, I know not how many their number is, or how hungry they are. Take too long, there may not "be much left to find." "Right, yes. The valley aurochs." No, this was far enough west. It was mainly just a few buildings in the eastern side. Coming from where the woods were, it seemed like they were using cover of tree and canopy upon the incursion, then immediately assaulted partway into the eastern part of the city, burned it from the middle, and then used the flames to escape out the back. What were you about to say? "Yes? Are you all right?" "I could ask around. It does happen on occasion." "If you'll excuse me, I do have something to get to. But good luck and godspeed." "I'll do my best." Bryce turns around and leaves. Make an intelligence check. The robe coloring is what caught you, and the hair. The specific slicked and parted comb. You have seen this individual before. You were younger. Maybe eight or so years ago. Eight or nine years. What does this incense come from? Oh, so it's part of an adventuring pack, then. It would be negligible by comparison. I'd say maybe, at most, five silver's worth. At most. Well, there's a lot of parts to-- I think both of you do that, as you both separate. As you walk into Broad Barn, there are five other individuals that are coming through and picking up thick cloth for cleaning. One person is picking up a few different burn balm kits. On the far end, as they're checking out, there is an extremely old gentleman with this giant, gnarled tuft of a chin beard that merges with this halo, like a lion's mane of white hair. He has this really thin, long, crooked nose. Almost like Engywook from NeverEnding Story, but no glasses. He's trying to keep a smile in the rather dark faces of the people that are coming in, with the evening's events coming around. As you guys walk in and approach, he glances down and goes, "Well. "If y'all need something, y'all just let me know." "Y'all want pickles?" He leans back and rummages through what sounds like a small paper bag. There's a small glass mason jar with two pickles and he goes, "I'm willing to part with "these here pickles!" No, it's pickles. It looks like he may have just pulled it out of his lunch. "I could part with them for around three copper?" He takes the copper from you. He takes the copper from you. Slides forward the pickles and goes, (laughs) "Good deal!" "Don't do that! That is not conducive to a lengthy lifetime." "You want incense? That's fancy." "It's really fancy, them incense." "That's why I'm curious." "I got incense!" "What kind of establishment do you take me for?" "Touché." He wanders away from there and gathers any semblance of anything that could be considered incense to some degree. It's a massive volume, it's-- when he said quality over quantity, this is definitely a quantity circumstance. Two big burlap sacks filled with all sorts of fine ground herbs and things that could amount to-- Go for it. No, that'll be insight. An elf. He seems to be doing the best he can. "Deal!" At this point, there's three other people in the store, and they're slowly filtering out. It seems that most everything they have here-- a lot of them are basic farming supplies. There are a few metallic joints that could be used for when you're tapping a keg. They have some keg taps there. They have-- oh my god. (slamming) "I appreciate your patronage." "That's pretty weird. I'm going to say there, sir, I mean you look pretty weird. That's a "pretty weird request. No, we do not carry poisons." "We have insecticides." "For about a vial that big? A silver." "Probably have some real serious shits for a few days." Yeah. You do. It's a very diluted form of acute poison, to the point where it wouldn't actually affect any larger creature. But if put in a large batch of water used to spray down crops, certain insects-- what are they called again? I forget-- aphids, things like that would die off. Yeah. In a very Anarchist Cookbook kind of way. He doesn't sell you acid, but there are the materials available where you could create it. How many vials' worth are you looking for? Just one? "This will run you about 12 gold." He looks around. "I'm afraid we're clear out. Bit of a-- " "Lot of things. Sorry." "My apologies." "It's a good pickle." (groans) MARISHA and Brine drinkers. Ugh, stop it. "We're not really purveyors of healing potions, and those that have are usually held by "the Crownsguard." You actually asked the night before, and Bryce had said that they're currently being used to tend to the people that were in really bad places. It's hard to walk through a war zone and be like, "Hey guys! Do you have supplies?" Yes. Very stale. You can't tell if the sour smell is intentional flavor or just time taking its toll. It'll be tart one way or the other. Over time you will. They're scattered a bit thin and a lot of them are currently focused on either perimeter watch, in case they come back, or helping out those that need help inside the city. Within ten minutes of wandering through the city as you guys have gathered yourselves and begun heading towards the eastern side, you see a crownsguard who is currently walking by with some washrags under one arm and a little streak of dried blood down the side of their face. Looks to be a young man probably in his mid-20s or so. Longish hair that's been heavily braided on the sides and then pinned to the back in a tuft of a ponytail. "Yes?" "We're not allowed to give out any Crownsguard supplies. If you're looking for a "steed, you'd probably have to go to the On the Wind Stables. They're going to be your best bet." "Right--" and points over towards the northern side of the town. It's one of the buildings that's taken a little bit of fire damage. "It's not--" Make a deception check. "Look, I mean no offense whatsoever and if-- I can go find Bryce and see if we-- the "Watchmaster would be much more suited to--" "Reggie." Did not make that DC check. Reggie glances over at you. He goes, "Let me see what I can do," and quickly makes his way northward to the outside of the stables. About five minutes pass and you can hear the clopping of hooves as Reggie comes back with a very obstinate beast on the reins. Dragging it towards you, slowly guiding it. Reggie doesn't seem to be a very trained individual when it comes to handling creatures, especially beasts of burden. "Will this do?" Hands you the reins. "Best I could do. Good luck." "Thank you." "Thank you. Thank you." "Just bring it back-- it's on loan! It's on loan." Okay, easy enough to find. You placed it at a hitching post with a little bit of feed over the evening. Your cart and horse are safe and at your disposal. They were wearing cobbled-together or scavenged bits of leather and hide armors. It seemed like most of them would have had some means of disposing of their excrement. They weren't very well-dressed. Okay. While you are sending Frumpkin to keep a watch, you are keeping an eye out for tracks. Make a survival check, please. Very quickly you come upon a number of gnoll footprints in the ground. Seem to be multiple cart tracks. That was the one that you saw. There were multiple carts. With that roll, I'd say you surmise somewhere in the neighborhood of about 18 or so gnolls. From what you can gather on the tracks that you found. You can attempt to glean information. For the specific-- sure. Go ahead and make a survival check to see if you can even find those tracks. Well, technically you're tracking undead, so you get advantage on this one. Same degree. You find the tracks, you see there is the remnants of this gnoll horde returning towards a similar direction. You find three sets of cart tracks. They all converge into one path. They head through the relatively thin woods that surround the northeastern side of Alfield. As you progress on that path out to the other side of the woods, continue into the northeastern fields where the rolling hills begin, these hills seem to go on for miles. Go ahead and make a perception check. No, no. It's tall grass across the hills-- The grass can vary anywhere from knee-high to chest-high in places. The hills towards the top can get a little more rocky. There are patches where the grass doesn't grow as well and there's open dirt and broken shale. After about an hour or so of tracking in that direction, you come upon the Rillway Road, which is the main road that heads up towards Felderwin. You can see it a little ways off. The undead tracks are falling in line with her tracking. They're moving as a group, but there are far less undead tracks than there are regular gnolls, so as best you can to keep tabs on it. You'd be leading if she hadn't made an equally good roll, so now both of you are leading this. Vibrant green, for the most part. The wind is picking up a little bit and you can see, especially when you start coming up over some of the bigger hills, you can see the waves cresting over the hillside and causing the shift of it. It's a very beautiful space. At this point now, you've been travelling, we'll say an hour and a half. It's getting close to noon. Yes. I know. Anyway. Don't think I'm not tempted. You're pretty much in the middle of an open field. But the tracks you can see-- Because you can see the Rillway Road south of you and the tracks begin to shift further north. As they were heading back, they were keeping off the road best they can as well. You also do notice that within the tracks you do find bits of grass that are spattered with drying blood. You don't know how fresh it is. Go ahead and make a perception check. Perception. As you're having this conversation with Fjord, you're just not paying attention to the road in front of you. No, it's about as tall as the cart at times, at times it's lower. You guys do stand out amongst the grass. As you head over the hills, or down below, you are above the grass line without an issue. Yeah, it's about up to your chest at times. Waist to chest. It varies. Yeah, if you wanted. What could possibly go wrong? I'll allow it. Go ahead and make a perception check, Jester. Make a strength check. Just a check. Right as your eyes catch something, you drop for a second, but Beau's beneath you (groans) just barely holding you, the elbows start to buckle a bit, but rallies and (groans) holds you up above. You flatten your back out and give a graceful pose as you look ahead. As you guys are coming up over a hill, you get a good view down, and you can see between the tall grass and the high weeds that are beginning to cluster this vicinity, there is a series of large hills that all break down into this valley where the grass just ends in this area. It looks like it's barren rock and dirt. You notice, with that perception check, a few carts, a few broken boxes, some tables or contraptions. There's some semblance of civilization here amongst these hills off the road. She drops you. They appear to be empty. Okay. How much do you drink? Okay, good to know. Perception check for Frumpkin. 13, good to know. It's true. I feel like I passed a stone. All right, what's the plan, guys? "Smealth." Mm-hmm. All right, what are you guys doing with the cart and the horses? Okay. Not that big. The hills themselves are-- it's just large rolling hills in this whole valley area. Okay. You have to back up a bit to get it out of view. Having placed the cart where what you assume is the best you can hide it, who is helming the hiding of the cart? Go ahead and make a survival check. All right. If you're aiding, then do it with advantage. Okay. I mean, sure. What is the marching order? All right. What's the order of the line, then? All right. We have Molly, Nott, Caleb, Jester, Beau, then Fjord. Okay. I would like you all to make a stealth check, please. As you make your way through the grass. As you guys stay low to the grass, pushing through with your hands carefully as you go, hearing the wind occasionally rise and fall with a distant (shh), the various waves of grass beating against itself, you come upon where the grass begins to fall off. You stay low as best you can before the grass itself comes to an end right on the outskirts of where the central area between these hills begins. There, as you poke your head through, you can see three carts that are scattered a bit amongst a mineshaft yard. The exterior of a mine. You can see large, wooden pan tables; some pickaxes that are leaning against the side, the remnants of some lanterns that have rusted. There are the three carts. The carts themselves are spattered with blood. You notice three creatures, similar to the gnolls that you saw the night before, but smaller and dog-like. These are just basic hyenas that are gathered around and are licking the blood that's soaked into the wood. One of them ends up finding a piece of meat, or something that was hanging from one side, and tears it off. Another one comes over (whines) and bites onto it, and they begin tearing and fighting over it before one of them pushes the other over and it (yelps). It goes back and begins licking the blood off the side of the wood. These three hyenas are just scavenging on the outskirt of these carts. Not from what you can tell. From this distance, you can't see any entrances. About 50 or so feet. 60 feet. Quietly, this plump, wounded, with a hint of pink to the fur around the arm where it looks like it may have been bleeding a bit, begins to hobble its way silently out of the grass, just beyond the edge. You guys are still hidden. You initiate the Rite, and as you do, the blade begins to give a faint, radiant glow, a whitish-yellow light that you will almost instinctually hold low in the grass to make sure you don't become a beacon amongst your hiding. You watch as one of the hyenas (sniffing) and begins making its way. The others look over (snarl)-- they begin to gather up, and the three almost go into this pack swoop formation in the direction of the rabbit, closing in. 40 feet, 30 feet, 20 feet. With a rapid bolt, one of them runs forward and leaps out towards the rabbit and skids into the dirt past it, right to the front of the grassline where you are, Beau. Okay, and who is doing what else? The three of you rush out and attack, three individual ones. What are you guys doing? All right. Beau, go ahead and attack first. Ten? You go to swing, and as it sees you suddenly, it backs away, and your staff hits the dirt right next to it. (snarls) It just barely misses it. Caleb, you following up? Go for it. Roll your attack roll for the Fire Bolt. Right. Okay. Wait, you're going for the one that Jester is attacking? Okay. Go for it. 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. One point of damage. It begins to burn this small circular image on the hyena's body. (yelping) Go ahead and-- With a natural one, he does not. That's enough. With the blast of the Fire Bolt, and the incineration of the Sacred Flame, you watch as that hyena bursts into fire and flops to the ground while it burns, smouldering, its flesh becoming the meals it had previously feasted upon. Molly and Nott? That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. The first strike just completely cleaves it in half, like its momentum, running, almost like it hits the blade, and you hold it out and the momentum just carries it over, seamlessly carving through it. You can have movement to close it. There's one right in front of Beau, so you're a little ways away, but you can close the gap, while Nott and-- Yep! Nine. Nine, again! SAM and At first it hits the dirt, and it backs up. You move out with your heel to go ahead and swing, and it actually ducks underneath and tries to snap at your heel, as Molly closes the gap, and-- All right. All right. Go ahead and roll damage. With sneak attack. Yeah, Molly, as you rush up, you watch as a bolt just goes right through the side of the hyena's head, and it just falls lifeless to the ground. All three of them out in a split second. Yeah, thankfully it was a clean enough shot, didn't seem to get caught or shatter against any of the bones. Perception check. Glancing about the vicinity, does not look like anything else is moving or near or has noticed your presence. Okay. Like a massive shotput, you watch as tiny Jester, with a double spin each, chucks these relatively heavy beasts deep into the grass field, where they vanish with a heavy thud into the field. Bunny appears to no longer be around. You don't see an entrance to the mine, you just see mining equipment. You see pieces of equipment, and the interior of this hill valley, this short little valley, seems to have been prepped for some sort of mining expedition. You don't see one at the moment. Okay. You look in the carts, and they are empty. You see a few wayward pieces of cloth, everything in there is bloodied and caked, and has streaks of it being licked up. It looks like the hyenas had been at it for a while, trying to clear off what was left behind from wherever the bodies that were within were taken. I would like you both to make investigation checks, please. And you're following the tracks? Make a survival check. Because there are undead as a part of this, I will let you. It looks like the dust and the dirt in this vicinity has been freshly swept or dispersed intentionally, meaning that once this little valley had been entered, and the carts had been emptied, something was smart enough to intentionally cover their tracks. You, however-- you rolled a 20, you said? As you begin to look about the base of the closest hill, facing away from where you guys had entered, in an eastern direction, you see a pattern of grasses that seem to be interwoven, as opposed to a natural pattern, there is a consistent mesh to the way they've been laid. As you glance over, you can see a net of grasses that has been woven and thrown over, leaving a small gap on the edge, where you can see the dark exterior of what was a mine shaft structure entrance. It's about 12 foot by 12 foot. It's pretty thick. Well, it's thrown on and put against the grass, it doesn't have sticks in its sides. No, it's laid on the side of the hill. The scavenger levels, man. All righty. It is too big for you to carry with you, but it can definitely be taken with you should you exit. All right. As you pull it back, you do see the wooden support structure of the interior of a mine shaft. As soon as you pull it back and look inside, it looks like a barricade has been partially placed up on each side. You see piles of broken furniture, stools and chairs that are shattered and jammed into each other to form some sort of a barricade on each side. You can see dry-rotted pickaxe handles, and other pieces of general wooden beams used for construction that are all pushed up against the sides, with a small path, maybe about three feet wide, that you could walk through to enter. It looks pitch black on the inside. There is no light source outside of what little bit of daylight is coming through from the entrance. There is a way, there's about a two, three foot gap between this barricade where it made its way in, and once you enter through, you can now see, since there has not been dust put, there is a definitive trail of blood that has dragged through and caked in the loose dirt and dust. Okay. You are now officially intoxicated. Yep. For the next hour. No. Yeah, there's no light in there. About 25 feet in, go ahead and make a perception check. 21. What faint light is coming in from the interior-- are you looking through? Yeah. As soon as you come inside, about 40 feet in, the shaft widens into a common area. You see a handful of tables, some chairs, similar to what was placed within the barricade, some sacks strewn about, some torn open and scattered across the ground, some that are still lobbed in the corner. This is just a very high perception roll with what little light is making its way in there. And that's where it goes dark, and there's a (thud) as Frumpkin hits a sloping ceiling. No, just hits the ground. Hits the ground, stunned. Not in that main area. Not with what little bit Frumpkin saw with a quick glance before it got too dark and then he hit the ceiling. Okay. You move past the barricades, heading towards the shaft-- the barricade, there's a lot of stuff jammed up here at the front, almost like it was barricaded from the inside long ago, and then was cleared out partially, going through. You make it through the 35 or so feet of the shaft, in towards where it opens up, and you almost trip, because your toe catches something, and you catch yourself, and you look down to see a long piece of rope that was stretched across that just got tugged, and falls slack. You hear a (creak) and with your darkvision glance up and see what appears to be a large log that had been affixed to the ceiling. (whoosh) Comes rushing towards you. Make a dexterity saving throw. Dex saving throw, yeah. With disadvantage! You, even in your somewhat hazy drunken stupor, see it just in time and back up as it (whoosh) right past your nose and slams into the wall to the left of you. It hits, and you see the dust settle from the ceiling. You guys all hear this (slamming) from the inside. It is, actually. It opens up to be about 35 feet across from side to side, about 45 or 50 towards the end and then it seems to descend into two different pathways. Make a perception check. At the moment, no. But as you're glancing about, you can see that there are bags of supplies that are partially sundered and torn open. You can see tools, some that look pretty interesting, there's a crowbar on the ground across the way, there's other sacks that haven't been spoiled yet. You see some of the burlap is dry rotted and pulls right apart, and it looks like there might be some useful things in this chamber. Make an investigation check with disadvantage. You glance through and find a bunch of mildewed rice grain. Right as you hear a (snort). You glance over, and from the right chamber you see as two gnolls have appeared in the entranceway and have entered up, called from the sound of the heavy impacting thud on the wall but a few moments ago. They both-- no, he's not. She is not, sorry. They both arrive to the top of the-- (sniffing and growling). They both grab their spears. What are you doing? As they're both right there, rushing towards you, you say this and you're going to pull out and fire at one. The one to the right or the left? The one that first spotted you would be the one on the left, so as it's rushing towards you, go ahead and fire. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight points of damage, not-- Okay, 11 points of damage. It hurts, but it's still rushing forward. They both begin to rush in to close the gap. The rest of you guys rush in; to get to him, it will take the full round to get there. You guys use your movement and dash in. Those of you who don't have darkvision, you can't see anything. A faint bit of light. At this point, any of you with ranged abilities right now would be able to strike. But before you do, two of the gnolls rush in and are attempting to attack the small goblinoid female who has walked into their lair. The first strike, that is going to be a 21 to hit. That is six points of piercing damage as the spear jams into your shoulder and scrapes down the front of your chest, glances off the rest of your armor and it hurts, but you're fine. You're still feeling a little fuzzy anyway. The other one attacks, that is going to be a 15 to hit. No. This one you do see coming, and you dodge out of the way. But they're both right up in your face right now, snarling and (growling). With that, the guys who have ranged attacks, go for it. Yes. So you guys have disadvantage on any of your attacks rolls because you cannot see. You are blind in the chamber. For this round, because there's just two gnolls at the moment, I'm just going through actions here to keep going. Okay, so the one that's closest to you will be the one that already took damage from the bolt so roll for attack for the Guiding Bolt. 21 hits. Roll damage. Ten points? The one that's now taken a crossbow bolt to the throat and has taken a Guiding Bolt, this giant blast of light explodes around this gnoll as it yelps and it encompasses its torso with this glittering light. Now the next attack against it has advantage. It is super hurt, but still standing. You're making your attack. You were attacking the other one, so you do not get the benefit. Still hits, go ahead and roll damage on that one. What are you using? It's a d10 for damage. That's a d12. Nine points of damage on that one. It gets blasted by the bolt of eldritch energy; however, it's still snarling. Currently they're both looking over at the sudden surge of newcomers. Okay, what does that do? They rolled an eight, minus-- yeah, it does not make the save. Got it, great. All right. The room fills with light at this point. The chamber fills, you can now see the scenery around you. Nott, you're up first. Since you're the first one to get a shot. There's one that's super hurt and one that's kind of hurt. Correct. Nott, they're both right up in your face snarling. Okay, so go ahead and make your melee spell attack, I believe it is, right? 19 hits. Seven it is. As you reach up and grab it with your hand, you watch as a burst of electrical arcane energy surges through its body. You watch as veins pop up its torso to its neck before it collapses into the ground. You have to duck out of the way before it slams. It would have crushed you if you'd stayed in the space you were, but you sidestep in time as the gnoll falls to the ground, lifeless. Yeah. Okay. On the other side. As you're doing that, the gnoll that's right there sees you rushing off, but now it's more attentive to the one who blasted it there. I'd say, for the sake of distance, since the moment you saw you fired, it probably couldn't close the gap, so it's going to drop the spear, pull out its longbow, and take a shot at you from here. It's going to be a 14 to hit, what's your armor class? 14, all right. Not a great roll, you take four points of piercing damage. It catches you right in the middle of the sternum. The armor takes the brunt of it and it mostly just snaps at the impact, but it hurt. It'll bruise. That ends the remaining gnoll's turn. Next up would be Beau. There's one you can close the gap with. There's only one that's currently standing in the room, the other one's been killed. It was shocked to death by Nott. Go for it. 19 hits, go ahead and roll damage. Ten points of damage, that's enough to do it. It had already been damaged previously by Fjord's Eldritch Blast and you watch as it snarls and pulls out its bow, pulls back, notches and releases the arrow. Moments after it's released, with a quick burst of action you saunter up to its side and hit it across the torso with the stick. You feel seven different ribs break as it doubles forward. As it looks at you for a second, you take where the staff has broken in and jam upward to where its lungs would be and it (chokes) and falls to the ground, dead. You guys take a moment here-- Yeah, as Nott's saying this, your eyes wander off of her over to the right where you see this heavy tree covered in jagged bark that's (creaking). Okay. There are two shafts. Both seem to descend. Both curving off in opposite directions. They both have the wooden frame for support. Looking around, it looks like this was a common area. This is the closest chamber to the exterior of the mine. It looks like there were a number of tables here, that a lot of them have been knocked over and broken. A lot of what would have filled this chamber has been pushed into the barricade you saw up front. You're helming the investigation? Go ahead and make an investigation check. You guys are looking down the shafts. They're looking in the sacks. Both of the shafts just descend and curve out of view. They go to a steady 45-degree decline. You're too drunk to help. You're looking as well? Sure, take advantage then. 11? Okay. You glance around. You find there's an untapped ale barrel, there's an untapped water barrel, there's a hooded lantern that still has a functional bit of oil in it, though it's only about half-full and very rusted over, but you clear off the glass on the outside and it'll work fine. You find a sledgehammer that the handle is not so rotted to the point where it wouldn't be functional, but a fair sledgehammer if you wanted to break any rock or stone. The crowbar that you had seen earlier, that can be acquired. You find a small lightweight rod about that long that has a short piece of waxed twine hanging from one end. No, it's not metal. It feels almost like a hard clay. With a waxed piece of twine on one end. You had as good a chance as anybody to have come across this, so if you want to make an intelligence check. You haven't come across one of these. No, they're big, heavy, filled things. You, make an intelligence check. Ten, okay. Once it's ignited and the oil's lit, yeah, you can open and close the hood. Nott, you're an alchemist. Yeah, as you're looking over it, it's not beautifully made, it looks functional like a lot of the tools here, there isn't a lot of presentation more than function as what you bring into a mine. Yeah. You take the rod and smell it and a familiar scent hits your nose. You've worked in your alchemical time with small-level explosives. As part of the elements of the alchemist's fire, there is a reagent catalyst that when the chemicals mix it causes a minor explosion and then burns heavily, there is an element of that, but it's very, very strong and a very intense scent to it. As soon as you smell it, it brings back memories of accidents that have happened in the past on a very small scale. You immediately get this wave of cold shiver down your neck, that this is a very dangerous object if used improperly. Yeah. You can sling it in with your-- There are two paths, yes. Okay, so make a stealth check first. Well, with advantage, but then disadvantage from the drunk, so it's just a straight roll. Yes. Okay, good to know. Then you're going to check for traps? Make an investigation check with disadvantage. Dexterity-based and intelligence-based checks. Okay. Okay, and which path is this you're checking? You don't sense any draft, the air is pretty stagnant, actually. Seems to be. On the left path, you do not notice any traps, anything akin to what you stumbled across as you entered. It does seem to descend and curve out of the way, but begin to snake a bit. You get about 15 to 20 feet down before it begins to rapidly curve left and right, it's only about ten feet wide. You can continue if you want. They both seem fairly equal. You've been keeping tabs on footfalls in here. There's traffic both ways. Make a stealth check, please. Disadvantage. Oh, it's straight roll because-- All right, and investigation check with disadvantage. With disadvantage. You begin to curve down the right path and there is a slight depression on one side that you glance over and look and it looks like some of the burlap that had been torn from the sacks earlier in the tunnel had been used to cover a three and a half foot wide pit that has been laced over to hide its presence. Yeah, it's affixed with a couple of rocks in the sides, it's very light and would have fallen through. It only covers part of the path. The tunnel is about ten feet wide and the right side of it is where that pitfall is. You notice it and go. "Oh, hmm." This one does not snake, this one continues in a continual curve for another 40 or so feet before you're starting to get a little far from your friends. You can continue if you want. It looks like it's going in a downward spiral. Great album. As you all slowly begin to descend down the right path. We'll come to that in just a second. We're going to go ahead and take a break. Since it's a little past nine. We'll be back here in a few minutes to pick up the descent further into this mineshaft. LAURA and Before we get to that, however, we do have a giveaway from our friends at Wyrmwood, as you saw last week we have another of their black walnut, two of their Adventurer Arsenals to give away again this week. If you haven't seen, they're awesome, well-made, and if you open it up on the inside it has space for you dice, for your pen, a place for a mini or eraser or anything else you want to carry into your game. It fits into the dice box that comes with it as well. We're giving away two of these during the break. To enter this while we're gone at the break you can go into the Twitch chat and enter, when you're prompted, the code word gnoll. That's G-N-O-L-L. Do not enter it more than once or you'll be disqualified, and we'll come back from the break with two winners to this. Thank you so much. We'll see you guys here in a minute. [break] Congratulations to the two of you guys. Danoba will reach out to you and get your contact information and we'll get those sent to you ASAP, so well done. Yes, all right. You chose the right or the left again? SAM and The right, okay. Down the path, the shaft winds for about another 150 or so feet before it slowly levels out into a long chamber of multiple levels. What once looked like a solid mining vein is now strewn with bones and flayed skin pinned to the rock walls with scavenged nails, blood spattered across them with intent painted a jagged smile of sharp teeth on each of these four hides. A faint source of light in the center flickers, a small stone altar holding a cluster of candles in the central level platform. It looks like about six gnoll-like figures have gathered around this stone-- I know. We're going to get to that in just a second. While a strange seventh figure places small wet stones upon this altar, smaller than the other gnolls. Let's get a perception check real fast from two of you. Who's leading the-- We'll say since you two would be in the front then for that, you jumped up first. Perception check, both of you. Okay, so you don't see much of the figure. Also, right now, I'll have you guys all do a stealth check, please, as you make your way down. Okay. This figure looks gnoll-like, you see the ears and the snout, but as it reaches down and picks up these wet stones and places them in the altar, giving small, dark, muffled barks and yipping sounds, you see elements that look like smooth human flesh. The more that you focus in, you can see this looks to be a humanoid figure that is wearing pieces of hollowed-out gnoll-like armor. A hood missing a jaw that's placed over the top of the head, sections of arms worn like a glove with the hand missing, sifted through. It seems that a lot of the body parts are discolored and rotting a bit, from what you can see from the candle light that's flickering across it. Long bonelike spines, similar to what adorned the armor of that pack lord that you battled in the middle of the city last night, are also affixed to the outsides and pierced through elements of the shoulders and head of this flesh gnoll hide that it's wearing. As it growls, mimicking the sounds of the gnolls that it seems to be residing along, the other gnolls around look, pacing from foot to foot impatiently (growls and grunts). Begins to speak louder and louder at this altar as it places a final wet stone on it. All the remaining gnolls begin to bark in unison together (bark and howl). They all at once leap onto the altar and begin tearing into the stones, which are not stones. They were glistening. At this point you see hearts that are now being torn and swallowed by the gnolls at the altar. They finish devouring the hearts and the humanoid figure begins to bark a few more times and then in broken Common says, "The hunger will be fed ours and hers. Come," and points to two of them, "Help me carry more meat below. The rest, stay. Feast on what remains." Turns around and you now look across the way. On the other side of the chamber, darkened, you see a gnoll leaning in familiar armor the one that you had battled and had left with the carts is watching from the far end of the chamber down on the lower third-level platform. The weird gnoll priest, I guess you could say at this point, that's been helming this little ritual, goes and joins the armored gnolls and steps aside and follows second, and the two gnolls that were assigned by it leave as well, leaving four in there in the chamber currently. No, the armored one leaves with the priest. The candle altar. Yeah. It's not an extremely bright light, but for those of you who are human, it's enough where you can make out shapes once your eyes have adjusted to the low light interior. You watch as they begin to grab the bodies on the ground. You can see there are now-- The grinding of bones as they drag broken corpses across the floor and begin to tear into the torsos. (barking) You watch as four hyenas fill into the space where the gnolls are and begin to sit at bay, waiting for the gnolls to finish feasting. One of them gets close, and the gnoll just grabs its head and shoves it against the wall, and it snaps into the wall and then backs up and then waits its turn. You can see the other hyenas that exist in this space, naturally scavengers, have to wait, being at the lowest of the totem pole. Four gnolls, four hyenas. It didn't seem to be too much. More to just keep it away from the meal. If you're planning to engage, should I show you the layout of where they're placed? So here we have-- They all tend to carry a bow on their backs. You can see now the hyenas that are waiting patiently. This one got knocked into the wall. They're scooting at the sides, waiting for them to finish their meals. You guys are right up here where the shaft opens, glancing down into this chamber. That was where the priest and the other gnolls had exited. You guys are up on here. Which, for the purposes of-- It's fine. Correct. It looks like it was a stalactite that then was reinforced as a column to help maintain the structure. A fifth gnoll begins to wander its way into the chamber. It goes over and kicks one of the hyenas off to the side. It sits there (snuffling and whining). Yeah, this tunnel is a ten-foot wide tunnel that continues backward. If you wanted to, turning you backward here, there's this path here. We could continue the tunnel back this way. The farthest gnoll there? About 60 or so feet. You may. Which, as a note to remind you from last time-- Correct, yeah, so keep that in mind. Right here? Roll a stealth check. Do you still have the gift? Oh yeah. At a closer glance, you look and see. One of them currently is holding a pair of legs that are no longer attached to a torso, and is stripping the flesh from the thigh and leg, tearing into it. Takes a piece and chucks it off to the side, and the two hyenas fight over it. Another one back there, you can see, is clutching a scapula, the back of a shoulder blade, and is breaking the bones in half and sucking the marrow out. At a quick glance, you get the sense that some of these may have been denizens of Alfield as of 24 hours ago. The gnolls? Most of them have a longbow slung over their shoulder, and have a spear that dangles off to the side, or has been jammed in the ground next to them. Duplicity, or are you doing Mirror Image, the spell? The one that breaks and sucks the marrow out of one of the large, shoulder blade areas takes and grinds the teeth against it, scooping out whatever's inside, then throws that piece onto the ground next to it, then takes the arm and begins to splinter the middle of the arm bone and try to get the marrow out of that. Does your spell have concentration? You are concentrating on a spell at the moment. Beau, you quickly leap and land with no sound, catlike reflexes. Your foot does slide for a second as you glance down, and where you stepped in, it looks like there's a bit of leftover pieces of people. Okay. It slowly lifts, and one of the other gnolls that's eating (splat), (growling), and the other one goes (yipping), and they go back to eating. What is it? What are you using? That spell is not concentration? Right, okay. As soon as Frumpkin begins doing that, you watch as the one that's nearest on this side, the one that had dropped the arm piece earlier, takes the bow off its back and begins to notch an arrow, looking around. It's going to take a shot at the bird fluttering through. That is a 17. What's Frumpkin's--? Six points of piercing damage. The bird goes (thud) on the ground and then dissipates. You watch as the four hyenas suddenly rush in towards where the bird had fallen, and they all go to the spot where it landed and find an arrow lying there, and (snarling and yipping). The range on that is--? You're placing it where? Right there? All right. Which one? Okay. Go ahead and roll a spell attack. Nice. Roll damage on that, that definitely hits. Same dude? That is a 15. That would have been his dexterity saving throw, right? Yeah, then no damage. Okay, that ends your turn. Everyone else gets one action and then we roll initiative. Sure. You won't get to hide, though, but you're there. You're standing next to a barrel. All righty, who's up next? Fjord, what you got? You can pick one. All of the gnolls in here look like regular gnolls. What are you doing? Yep. It appears into your space in a burst of dull greenish-blue fire, and there you see it, dripping with salt water across its blade. You may. That one is now hexed. You watch as the gore that's been dripping from the front of its body seems to roll up its torso in reverse before it slips into its armor and grasps itself, the darkened shadowed gore now holding it in place as the Hex curse. You may. That hits. Plus 1d6. 15 points of damage. (explosion) That one immediately drops what it was eating as the blast slams into it, as it's confused by the wrapping of the Hex. As it reels and almost stumbles onto its back, its foot crushes one of the nearby skulls, and there you see this gaping wound in its chest where the armor's been sundered. There's a smoking plume of blackened, horrible, shaded smoke pouring from it. That's as far as you can, there. Beau? That's 20 there. You hear hundreds of tiny metal clangs in succession as ball bearings begin to spray down the stairs and scattering across the floor of this central makeshift ritual room. As they run through the semblances of gore and the areas of the stonework that are exposed between, you have spent your action scattering. Nice. As soon as you empty those out, you get back and go into your defensive position, preparing for any sort of assault. Caleb? The ball bearings, in this moment, are now clattering down into the ground. He did, yes. Roll for an attack. That hits, just barely. Seven points of damage. The one that you had hexed suddenly goes up into flames with a (dying scream) and falls back onto the ground. You are just there. As the flash of red light arcs from his finger and lights up the path before it impacts and kills the gnoll, Caleb then steps back into the shadows, trying to get out of the way. Nott? Yes, but that technically did not initiate into a combat. It just bothered one of them. A temporary inconvenience. Go for it. 23 hits. Roll damage. Nine plus your sneak attack. Because you were stealthed. That one (explosion). The bolt goes through the center of his forehead and embeds itself right up to the very back. You watch as it (dying scream) and falls into the ground over one of the piled corpse pieces it was tearing through. Becoming one with its meal. And then? Okay, make a hide check to try and disappear back there. Stealth on that one. Okay. You did your thing. Molly? You can get right into the similar space as Nott there. I would say barely. It rolled a natural one on its saving throw. Good to know. Now, everyone please roll initiative. It's technically a dexterity ability check so it would be disadvantage, yeah. 25 to 20? Fjord, what did you get? Sorry. So who else rolled a natural 20? Right, yeah. But don't you have advantage with-- Just on stealth checks, that's right. So Molly's up first. That's a fun little initiative tracker thing from our friends at Axe & Shield. See how it helps out there. 23. 20 to 15? MARISHA and The gnolls rolled a natural 18 plus one, so they're at 19. Gnolls are next. Both of you guys are at 17? 15 to ten? Jester got 13. Ten to five? They hyenas are before Nott. Then we have Nott, then we have Fjord. Molly, you're at the top of the round. Gets the idea across. The special hyena. What you got, Molly? Hold your position? All right. Natural 20 on the saving throw, unfortunately. Sorry. All right, that's your turn. All right, the gnolls are up first. These two here are going to pull out their bow and begin to fire at Beau. Since you had been the first to appear at this point and gather their attention. They both have disadvantage on the attacks. That is going to be an 11. The other is two 14s in a row, so it would be 18 to hit. 17 to hit, sorry. Yeah, all right. That would be-- Yep. That's going to be ten points of piercing damage to you. Well, it's a ki point to throw it back. You catch it in mid-air and reduce it to no damage. As you do that, the one in the bottom of the ground, who is closest to you, grabs its spear off the side of the wall. (growling) Runs up the stairs. That's what I'm-- Rolling its dexterity check to see if it can do so. It does succeed. It's a 15. It slips, but it manages to make its way up the stairs. Coming into combat with both Fjord and Beau. He's going to go ahead and reach out at you with that. It's going to be a 16? 16 misses. After you drop the arrow, it comes up and you parry this one off to the side and go back into your defensive stance. That ends both of those's go there. Now, comes to Caleb. All right, go for it. Roll for attack. It strikes part of the stone altar, splintering candle wax and pieces of remnant heart chunks, but no impact unfortunately on the actual gnoll. You going to stay where you are? Right, so Beau, you want to go with your action now? Go for it. As you swing the bo back, trying to crack him in the head, it actually slips on one of the ball bearings you had left, and as it manages to catch itself, it falls out of range of your sweep of the bo. You're like, "Shit!" All right, go for the attack. You slip on one of your own ball bearings on the second strike, and manage to catch yourself by grabbing the fur on the outside of the gnoll and using its body to right yourself, and then, "Ugh." It's a little slick and sticky. All right, Jester, you're up. That are standing? This one has been hurt a little bit. 16 hits, plus five hits even more. Nine points of force damage as the lollipop hits it in the back of the skull and it leans forward and grabs the back of its skull with this pounding, throbbing pain in its head. All righty. So what does it have to roll? Okay. And the range of that one is? So that rolls a nine plus zero, nine. Just a little bell. You watch as a little bit of blood comes out the side one of the hyena's ears. So the spiral kind? Gotcha. Are you going to move at all, or are you going to stay where you are? Okay, that ends your turn. There you go! There is a whole dance number over there of multiple Jesters. The hyenas go now. Does succeed on his dex save. This one's going to attempt-- Leaps up to there. Dexterity saving throw, does succeed. Succeeds! They're actually rolling pretty high for their saving throws. This one will be a three, that one does not make it. This one gets partway over and then falls prone there. Uses the other half of its movement to get up, but that's as far as it can get. It can't actually attack for this round. It's going to use its movement to make the rest of its run up to the top of the stairs. So that one does not get an action this turn because it slipped on the ball bearings. It's going to be one attack against Beau. With disadvantage. That's a natural 20, and a six. Yeah, that does not hit, not at all. It's plus two. The hyena rushes up and lashes out towards you, and you just pop, slap it in the nose and it pulls back. Yep. The two other ones that rush up and come along the flank with the hyena to you, Fjord. First one goes, that is going to be a 15 plus two, 17? All right. Actually, it has advantage on the roll because of pack tactics. It didn't really help, let's see here. You take two points of piercing damage. The other one is going to attack you. (laughs) Which causes it to shatter into ice on the ground. It bites you and its snout (explosion) T-1000 style. It shatters into a million ice pieces. Yep. Thank you. The other one is going to take a strike at you. Natural 20, it's a critical hit. 20 and ten. That pack tactics is nasty. That means you, for dice wise, suffer eight points of piercing damage. It takes ten and it explodes into ice as well. Both of these hyenas rush up and strike and both in succession disintegrate into shards of ice across the ground. The spell is gone though, right? That's going to end the hyenas' turn. Nott, you're up. Okay. (laughs) As you drunkenly try and aim in the direction. You almost pull the trigger twice, but you're aiming at Fjord and you're like, "No." No advantage, but he can sneak attack if he hits. That's how it works. You finally go, and one of the elements of stone in the side of the cavern wall (impact) as the bolt hits it and goes sideways. Yeah, you're revealed. You have to find a way to obscure something's vision to you before you can hide. That'll work. Go ahead and roll a stealth check as your bonus. You're a rogue this go-round, man. All right, that ends Nott's turn. Fjord, you're up. You may. Go for it. MARISHA and 16 hits! His AC's 15. I'll allow it. Yeah, you've got to say it. Two-handed, I'll allow it. So this one, that had already-- 15 points of damage, right? This is the one that you hit earlier with it. As you swing with your falchion, just spinning it in your hand, you arc upward. As you do, you watch as the gore and shadow of your Hex, which now seems to grasp around its chest, almost reaches out to meet the blade in the middle like the two bits of lightning hitting in the center of the sky. As they impact, the blade carries through the momentum, the strength coming from the blade, not from your actual body. As you do, you carve through a large portion of its torso. You watch as the hide armor folds off, revealing this huge gash wound in its chest. It (snarling and growling). It's still standing, but it's horribly wounded now. That end your turn, Fjord? All right, to the top. Molly, you're up. All righty. Go for it. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage. Eight points of damage. As soon as it rears from the attack, Fjord, you watch as in a flash the cloak billows of Mollymauk's arrival. As the cloak falls, you just watch as the gnoll's head just rolls off of its shoulders. You can see the blow that struck it. Go for it. That's its armor class. Hyena doesn't have a whole lot of armor. Eight points of damage. With the one strike, you turn around and look at the hyena. (whoosh) with the offhand and just carve right through it. Wait, because that didn't have the-- Well, the glowing one is your main hand. Then your offhand is the other one. So what damage would it have been without the bonus? Four damage? All right, so it's still there. You carve through, and it's wounded, but it's still (whimpering). You could have. The idea is the bonus action attack happens as part of the attack action. No worries, you can keep that in mind next time. It's all good, you still beat the shit out of it with your offhand. So that ends Molly's turn. Those two gnolls in the back, this guy is going to back up as he attempts to make a dexterity save. Fails! So he falls prone, uses the rest of his movement to get back up, so he can only move ten more feet so he can't get that much further away. He's going to go ahead and take a shot, this guy is going to go ahead and pull back, he's out of the bearing range and begins making his way towards the door. They're both going to take shots at Fjord. Actually, one at you, one at Molly. They're not going to fire at you because you visibly caught one and dropped it in front of them like, "Fuck that." Against Fjord, that's going to be 19. And against Molly. Okay. That brings it down to a 14. All right, as the one that is going to fire at you, Molly, pulls back its arrow, its eyes suddenly go dark and begin to bleed from the inside. It suddenly (snarling) and releases it, and you watch as that arrow splinters against the central column. The one that does come towards you, Fjord, however, does strike true. You suffer eight points of piercing damage as this one catches you right in the abdomen, a little bit to the right, tapping something kidneyish in that vicinity and you feel this sudden dull pain and nausea overcome you. That's going to end the gnolls' turn; Caleb, you're up. You can see this one. This one is technically being blocked by that central column. Go ahead and roll your spell attack. What'd you roll? No, unfortunately. It skitters off the central column and goes spinning out of control as the electrical sphere shatters against the stonework and dissipates the energy, absorbed by the surrounding stonework. Yeah, that would be your full movement there. Pretty close. Ending Caleb's turn, Beau. You could say maybe he's about 30 feet from you. You can certainly try. Make an acrobatics check for me. As you run off the edge, the hyena takes a swing at you. That is going to be a 14. You feel it snap at your heel, but does not actually grasp any of your body. You push off of him, run across this wall, leap, hit this pillar, and then, using the momentum, leap and land right in front of the gnoll there. What was the other one? Roll both? Yeah. As you swing down, the gnoll manages to see you up in the air and side steps as you hit the stonework. (gnoll laughter) Damage on that one? Eight points of damage, nice! As it's laughing, (laughing, punch, growling) its jaw is dislocated and it snaps back into place. You see some of its teeth broke. It looks kind of dazed and hurt by it. It's looking pretty rough; it's taken some hits in the past. That's the end of your turn. All right, that brings us to Jester. Yeah, that'll do it, 20 feet. 13? No, I'm afraid that will not hit. As the lollipop comes around the corner, it sees it coming, and moves to get Beau to intercede between the lollipop and itself. At that moment, you're like, "Oh, I can't quite--," and you end up withdrawing and not making the strike this round for fear of hitting Beau. All righty, so that's a wisdom save? That's six, no! Seven points of damage. As you release the surge of energy, the sound begins to vibrate in its ears as it (whimpering) and it reaches up as both of its eardrums burst on the sides of its head and it falls to one knee looking like it's completely ruined and dazed. And Beau, you have a moment to coup de grâce it. You (whack) and break its neck with one swoop of the bo. Combined, you both finish off that gnoll. Jester, you want to move? Okay. End of Jester's turn. The hyenas. This hyena is going to move past-- No, that one was not in melee with him. That one's going to move up to you, Fjord. Attacking you, Fjord, that is a six. Attacking you, Molly. That is a 20. You take two points of piercing damage as it snaps at you. Seeing that they're both beginning to glance about and see that their allies are starting to back away, and there's a lot of you up in this upper area, they're both going to attempt to break away with the rest-- Yep, both of you do. Both hit. Roll damage. Main hand. This one is hanging on by a thread. It's the one you damaged last round. Yeah, you carve that one. You? As they're rushing, you both (whoosh) simultaneously strike back at it as they're attempting to flee and they stumble down the stairs. Perfect. Their bodies stumble to the ground and end up-- it's weird because their bodies hit the ground, and the momentum carries them as they slide across the ball bearings, almost like they're lagging. Finished the hyenas' round. Nott, you're up. Make an insight check. It is not disadvantage on wisdom checks. 19. This gnoll looks like it's ready to fucking bolt. It is on the way out of the room. The tide has turned, it's starting to see more and more of you appear at the top of the stairs as the hyenas and its friends are being destroyed. It's going to run. It immediately goes (cackling) and falls on the ground, on its back, and is now rolling with laughter. Laughter that is echoing through the halls and making its way through the tunnel. Make a dexterity saving throw. As you hear that just as you reach the bottom of the stairs. Okay, you get to the bottom of the stairs, and you barely begin to slip and catch yourself. It's a DC 12. However, you continue to run. (counting) That's about as close as you can get on your 30 movement-- Yes, you may. Actually, make a concentration check. You've taken some damage, and I forgot to maintain your Hex's concentration. Make two for me, if you don't mind. Correct. That's fine. Yeah, you're fine. The Hex moves over-- Whenever you take damage, and you have a spell that's concentration, you have to-- I know. Eldritch Blast? Disadvantage. Because it's still prone. 14? Still misses, unfortunately. It hits and gleans off of its armor. However, it isn't quite strong enough to actually make a painful impact on its body and slams into the nearby rock, causing a spray of dust and debris. Correct. All right. That ends your turn, Fjord. Molly, you're up. That's as far as you can get, right there. That actually is a 16. What's your DC? Right. Against whatever your spell DC is. Spellcaster technically. We will say for the purposes of this it's eight plus proficiency bonus which is ten plus whatever your charisma modifier is. Yeah. Not a big deal. For now. We'll tighten it up. Cool. So no effect there. Molly's turn is over. The gnoll's turn. It is laughing its ass off. Now does it make-- All right. Which is a 17. It manages to shrug off the laughter. No. It's just on the ground going (confused whimpering). It's about to try and get back up. Caleb, you're up. 13. It has disadvantage because it's still prone. Yes. Against ranged spells. Yeah, you release it and it just skids across the ground. Like skipping a stone across a lake. It slams into the wall behind it and (explosion). It's all good, man. Just survive to level five and everything will turn. Unfortunately it does not hit. All right. Beau, you're up. You have advantage because it is prone. You're just getting your attack, so yeah, still with advantage. Here's what you do. You walk up. Tap tap. Leap and right as you're in the air the gnoll kicks out of laughter. Rolls out of the way and you wham! The worst funny bone pain shoots through your arm as you get up. You still have your bonus. The gnoll actually starts laughing again. Roll the attack. You still have advantage. Yeah, because it's still prone. That will shut it up. So as it's laughing, you kick it in the head and you see it stunned on the ground for a second and its eyes kind of rolling in different directions. Nice heavy crack to the side of its temple. Okay, ending Beau's turn. Jester, you're up. Okay, that does have advantage because it is technically in melee with it. Nope. It's just rolling out of the way of everything. It's doing what Beau did in the last fight, but on the ground. Unless it rolls a natural 19. This one gnoll is just holding on so hard. Jester, I think that ends your turn, unfortunately. The hyenas are dead. There's no hyenas left. You watch as four shimmering Jesters all kneel down and shake their heads in their hands. Beau is over there going (gasps). This gnoll is going to need some serious therapy. Nott, you're up. It's prone, yeah, so melee attacks have advantage. You're at disadvantage with a ranged attack. You have disadvantage from a ranged attack up close and disadvantage against a prone creature. Right now, with your crossbow, it's disadvantage regardless. Now you have advantage on the attack. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage with your sneak attack. 13 points of damage. How do you want to do this? (cheers) As it's cackling and moving around, I like to imagine this is all happening simultaneously. Beau's on the ground holding her elbow, the weapon misses, and it's rolling and cackling and starting to get up and you're like "Hmm, there!" (thump) Almost unceremoniously it's like (dying yip) and falls limp on the ground where you place it. It's almost like the slow push from Saving Private Ryan. You're like, "Shh, shh, shh." (dying yips) and it expires there on the ground. Everyone takes one point of psychic damage. They are noticeably smaller and not gnoll ears. Okay. Five sets of gnoll ears and four sets of hyena ears. All right. The next ten to 15 minutes or so, you'll be able to shake off the alcohol. Okay. It does not appear to be trapped. (clunk) It's locked. Okay. Go ahead and attempt, with disadvantage, to pick it. It's proficiency bonus, which is two, plus your dex bonus. As the adrenaline pumps through your system, it wakes you up a bit and even with the intoxication that's been flooding your system, you steal a moment of clarity and it opens without an issue. You glance at it, and the chest looks like it's been bashed in a little bit, like one of the gnolls was trying to get into it and eventually gave up, got flummoxed, and threw it on the ground. As you open it up from the inside, you can see essentially a central medical pack, if you will. An emergency pack for any of the miners that had gotten hurt or wounded. There are two healer's kits in there. There are a number of disinfectant herbs and funguses. Anybody who is proficient in medicine would know how best to utilize those. I don't know if any of you are. Then it's a risky endeavor to maybe use one. You do find a small leather hand pack that contained four glass vials, three of which were shattered from the rough movements when it was tossed around, but one that is still intact. That contains a healing potion. It is. It is a greater healing potion, not a standard healing potion. You can mark down medicinal supplies, would be what you'd call it. You are not entirely certain as to how they are applied, but they are probably healthy. You're proficient in medicine? Yeah. I was asking if anyone was proficient with it. (laughs) Fair enough. The medicinal supplies you have acquired can be utilized to remove poisons, if quickly applied to where the poison was put. It has two uses. If an action is taken to apply it to a wound, whether a bite or a wound that was poisoned, it can help remove the poison. It's an action to apply it, yeah. As you step forward a little bit, make a perception check. You hear echoing, muffled in the distance. Some yipping, some conversation in whatever this gnollish language is. You hear a deep, resonant (deep breathing) and a distant (thump). An impact, and a sound near (yips). That's all. Sounded quite a ways away, like this echo had been traveling a ways down this tunnel. You hear a few other cackling chuckles that echo shortly thereafter. Make an investigation check, please. Okay. Looking about the altar, you find some smaller pieces of fresher flesh that have been stretched over the edges of the altar, like on the corners. You can see a similar grin across the center. It's all blood splattered from the hearts that were placed on there. As you wipe a little bit of it away, you can see stained into this loosely tanned human skin the same symbol of the jagged smile. The jagged teeth that form a grin that the various tanned banners that are stapled into the stone walls show and reveal. But no notes. No books, no parchment. You've already made a religion check before, and as you come up and join her, this particular symbol, the grin matches the memory, the flash you had of this entity. You gather this is probably the symbol that represents this entity. You take a few minutes to look around, which gives you two notifications. One, nothing seems to be immediately coming in to search as to what the noises were, and you do hear other distant sounds. Impacts and cackling and stuff. You get the sense that the tunnels deeper in have some activity amongst the gnolls that live below whatever they've converted this mine network to be. You also see that all the bodies in this chamber have been pretty much picked of any identifiable facets. If you want to take some time to really pick through it, you could try. Do you want to? That's up to you. It's about an hour or so. Not for her it doesn't. (singing) Conservation! It's more of a tool sledgehammer than a weapon sledgehammer. Nothing that caught your attention. If you were to take about ten more minutes, you'd stop being drunk. Okay, so you want to wait until Nott shakes off the-- The influence, the booze. Eventually, you regain-- Yes. That was it, yeah. As you guys are having this conversation, you hear one sound that varies very strongly from the others that have encompassed this tunnel sequence. You hear this female scream, this high-pitched shrieking scream that says, "No! My baby!" You guys rush down the tunnel deeper into the maze of mineshafts-- And we'll pick up on that next week. Also, babies. Oh god! So it's actually briney pickled gnoll ears? That's true. Yeah, there you go. Yeah, it'll be an interesting, interesting learning process of conservation of spells as you progress down-- I know. That's okay. That's what cantrips are for. That's what weapons are for. That's what I'm saying, something to keep-- as you continue forward if you need to assault things. All right. Oh, quick announcement which is fun, so we're going to have a guest next week. Our first guest of the campaign. Yeah you did, I mentioned it. Yeah, next week we'll be able to have on our show Khary Payton. He's a long-time friend of a lot of us here, we've worked a lot in the VO community. If you aren't familiar with him, you should look him up. If you've been watching The Walking Dead or Fear of the Walking Dead, he's been awesome. On that show for a long time. Phenomenal voice actor, great actor. We've been talking for a long time, he's been wanting to play in this for a long time, but he's been very busy, of course, those things, but he's in town and he'll be joining us. I know. He's fucking awesome. So we'll have Khary here next week. We're so excited to have him join us, and go give him a little love. He's actually at a Kansas City convention right now with Will Friedle.