Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Travis is in-transit, don't freak out. He'll be here in just a moment. He's making his way here from-- Well, if he knew what was good for him. Before we get into tonight's episode, let's go into some quick announcements. First and foremost, our fantastic returning sponsors for this campaign, our friends, our dear family at D&D Beyond. Sam. (pause, laughter) D&D Beyond is proud to announce the continuation of the Waterdeep campaign. Dungeon of the Mad Mage is out tonight at 900pm Pacific. The long-awaited Magic The Gathering / D&D crossover, Guildmaster's Guide to Ravnica, also drops tonight at 900pm Pacific time. You can get both at dndbeyond.com/marketplace. D&D Beyond is hosting a two-day streaming event this Friday and Saturday at Gamehole Con to benefit Extra Life. Both days will feature three, four-hour sessions from 730am-- 730pm to 1030-- All? Wow! From 730am to 1000pm with special guests raising money for a special cause. Be sure to tune into twitch.tv/dndbeyond to check it out. [hat music continues] Thank you, Sam. My distant ancestry is extremely pleased with your performance. Thank you, D&D Beyond, as always. Guide to Ravnica. The next episode of All Work No Play will debut this Friday at twitch.tv/criticalrole at 700pm Pacific. This week, Liam and Sam are building a custom MAME cabinet with Felicia Day and our fantastic Director of Events, Brittany Walloch. MAME cabinets, something I've been chasing my whole life, and finally there is one in my vicinity. Awesome. Check that out Friday. Also, through the month of November, and in celebration of Veterans Day, we're raising money for Travis' favorite charity, Operation Supply Drop. We've talked about it before. We put up the account, you guys have already raised a tremendous amount of money for this. As much as we can get the word out before the donation period closes, continue to help them. Operation Supply Drop has already helped over 750,000 members of the military community since its inception. It continues to support active military members, veterans, their families. It's amazing, the work they do. We're big fans of everything they do. Check out all the information to donate now at critrole.com/osd. Also, both the standard and deluxe editions of our second art book, The Chronicles of Exandria, Legend of Vox Machina, will be on sale via pre-order this coming Monday, November 12, at 900am Pacific. This art book contains art from our fantastic, beloved community of critter artists. They've all put it together with love and joy and I'm super proud of it. These guys, like, died to get it done. The number of artists-- you guys did incredible work. We're excited for you guys to check it out, and super excited to announce, for our European critters, the art book will be shipped out to our brand new fulfillment center.in the United Kingdom that we just set up! A lot of hard work to finally get a fulfilment center that side. This will drastically reduce shipping costs and delivery times for our European family out there. Super stoked to have this finally functional. We'll have more details to that available on Monday morning when all this goes on sale. Do I have a choice? The four major deities that were involved in that final arc. Just like that, it goes away. Look forward to the information about that this coming Monday at critrole.com. I believe those are all of our announcements, and with that, let's go ahead and jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [TV static, click] [groovy Critical Role theme] While that era of the story is transpiring, I want to ask you guys, since we have a moment here-- Or in the loose, wibbly-wobbly, timey-wimey period of figuring things out as you recover from the intense return to the ship. What would you like to do? Is there anything you want to check up on? First of all, everyone leveled up to seven. This would be the long rest-- for everyone but Fjord, I guess. This is that night. We will then begin to embark on what that journey will be, but if there's anything you wish to do before the evening's done. We can say this is while Fjord is out. You get to remove that item, and you get to add it to your-- Pocketed. It is not magical, it is sentimental. Okay. As you reach back into your waterlogged hood of your coat, you hear this tiny little (coughing) and there you pull out this extremely waterlogged and unhappy crimson weasel. (chittering and coughing) He pees in your hand. There are three rooms between the group, I think, that have been given to you and the people that have been moved to the Mistake. As everyone concludes their evening activities, the journey, looking at the map and the distance, is about 800 miles to Darktow from Urukayxl. Yeah, essentially. The ship normally-- Now it's not centered. Whatever. It's fine. You guys deal with your map. It's not mine. It's your map. Do what you want. Not my responsibility! Your ship is actually traveling faster than it normally was as part of the blessing that Avantika received. It can achieve about 55 miles-- No. An entire day of travel which is a bit faster than a general sailing ship which is why the Mistake can go faster, but they're a pair. You're looking at about 14 days of travel. To Darktow, yeah. Welcome to being on the open seas, man. They don't have bullet trains in D&D. You have 11 days of supplies. There will have to be some sort of supply stop or a way of handling that. That is going to make this journey not an issue when it comes to supplies. Look at that. (singsong) Divine magic. You don't have to stop then. All right, great! Not to get to Darktow. At Darktow, there will be repairs made to the other ship and possibly some small repairs to the ship for its journey and any other supplies you would need while there. It's a 14 day journey at full speed. During this time, a couple of things. One, you guys can decide to, if you want to, learn how to run a boat. That being the case, we get to decide what types of skill sets you want to pick up on out here in the ocean. That being the case, we have the quartermaster. Quartermaster is the one who has the most authority other than the captain of the ship. They take over if the captain is unable to. They divvy up plunder or whenever you board a prized vessel, they decide what to take and what to leave. They generally helm that whole process there, as far as pirate ships are concerned. There is the navigator or the sailing master. You do have Orly hired to do that for you, but Orly can also train one of you to be a backup in case Orly-- You can both train under him if you want to. You can overlap. We have the boatswain. Boatswain is in charge of the ship itself. You know, keeping it in top shape for travel and battle. They handle looking over the wood, the canvas, the ropes, making sure that everything's solid and functional. They lead shore parties for supplies and repairs and oversee activities like dropping and weighing the anchor, setting the sails, cleaning the deck, things like that. Start thinking of things you might be interested in. There's the cooper, which makes and maintains barrels for storage, food and water. There's the carpenter, which is the one that actually repairs the ship's structural integrity when it takes damage. They answer to the boatswain. They keep the hull, the masts, and the yardarms functional. There's the master gunner who organizes the placement of shot, powder, the fuse and aiming the ship's cannons. All right, so, Nott's going to want to train as the master gunner. And, of course, powder monkey, which is the next one below who basically runs all the stuff. Powder monkey. Apprentice as powder monkey and, should it be needed, you'll become, hopefully, a good master gunner. Those are the most important aspects. Everyone'll learn a little bit about sailing as you go, but start getting an idea, if you want to right now, which one of those you'd want to specifically begin to focus on. Yeah, makes sure that all the canvas, the ropes, the wood, everything's in good condition. We'll find out. Train as the boatswain. Which, actually, to that point, the next morning, as everyone begins to go about the first real day out here in the Lucidian Ocean, clear blue sky with dappled bits of cloud around you, the smell of sea salt and foam and spray making its way as it splashes across the front of the bow, Avantika catches up to you with Vera being called up to the side. She goes, "Vera, if you'd be so kind, I would like to call-- let's say the utmost members "of the crew, please, to the deck. Maybe some of your friends as well." As you all gather on the deck, Avantika goes, "I appreciate all of the hard work you've "put into this, my crew and yours. As we are making our way back it is important that we properly "balance as we endeavor here and make sure that both training that has been inquired about is "properly disseminated, and, out of curiosity, and with no disrespect to you Vera, I will be "replacing you as the ship's quartermaster until we return to Darktow with our Captain Tusktooth." Vera looks taken aback and briefly offended, and then, "But of course, my captain." "Quartermaster, "time to start paying attention." She begins to divvy out responsibilities to the rest of you in the various positions that you requested to start learning. Some elements of the journey have you moving over to the Mistake, some have you moving back, especially for the repairs elements, whoever decides they want to be the carpenter. Unless none of you want to. That's up to you. It's up to you. Makes and maintains barrels. That is the boatswain. There we go. Note that somewhere on your character that those are the positions you're training on this journey. All right, cooper, got it. Powder monkey for now. A few days into this journey, we'll say because you're training as the carpenter-- Jester, the Mistake is keeping in time with the Squalleater and you're brought-- it slows down a bit and you're brought over to the opposite side and there, looking around, you wander under the deck and find, at one of the tables, Waldok, who's one of the deckhands of the ship. He's currently sitting at a table with a large tankard of really rough grog or ale, biting his lower lip, and he has his sleeve pulled up and you can see Orly has this unique bowstring of some kind that's wrapped between two fingers, an inkwell, and a needle that's tied up in it, and he's currently halfway through doing this really good-looking, elaborate tattoo across the arm of this deckhand. He's got his patch over his eye, right up against one of the portholes where the light's coming through and he's using it for perspective, and he's lording over this smaller, thin human, and glances over, "Oh, hey there." Yeah, you keep watch and he's doing this curled mermaid that is coming up and, on one hand is holding on at the hip and the other is picking a fruit off of a tree. You begin to question the design a bit and Orly says, offhand, "It's what he requested." He's sitting there going like, "(grunting) Well, I had a rough fight with some scurvy a few "years back and a few things I like the idea of ladies in the sea that can save me from scurvy." Orly chuckles under his breath. It's very well done, and you can see now the other tattoos that are across his body were probably done by him on himself. "I wasn't aware, actually, but m-m-maybe you should ask around for the man who's doing the "repairs around this place." "I can try and teach you some of--" "-- m-m-my skills. However, I got a specific talent with some of this here." "Kind of. Here, do you m-m-mind?" The guy's like, "Uh." "Sure?" Orly helps show you how he threads this and gets the needle set up. Go ahead and make a performance check. We'll say dexterity, if you really want to. 17. Picking up where the initial partial ink sketches were, you actually continue to fill in the rest of the upper torso. You do a very good job. You can see where the style does shift in the art, but it's not abrasive, it just continues, and it is rather nice. He goes, "Um, no. I appreciate that, but no." He starts to pull his arm away from you. Orly puts his giant tortle hand on your shoulder and goes, "I don't recommend m-m-messing with the artistic vision." "There you are." "I like the idea of that. Point of order--" "Point of order." "You don't happen to have any sort of gem dust, do you?" "Yeah." "Oh, I have plenty of ink. It's m-m-more--" "M-m-more or less." "I picked up this technique years ago from some of the individuals that spawned from the "legacy of the island folk. It allows me to instill a m-m-mighty ink spot." As he does that, he flexes his arm and the tattoo shimmies every so slightly and his muscles bulge a bit. "See, it's not so much something that can be easily taught; more that it's something bequeathed "by an elder." "No." "We'll see how time goes by. For the time being, just let me know if I can be of service." He talks to you about it and he gives you an overview of his capabilities. For different types of gem dust, he can imbue somebody with a series of tattoos that can alter elements of their physical self. It's not inexpensive, and each person can only have it once ever, so it's not like you can have multiple. For 2,200 gold worth of a ruby dust he can imbue a permanent +1 to strength. For 2,200 gold worth of emerald dust he can do a permanent +1 to dex. He runs down the stat sheet there. The most expensive one's constitution; that's 2,500 worth of diamond dust. There are all the different gem types there. He can also imbue certain resistances. Those are more expensive, those are 5,000 gold worth of fire opal dust for fire resist and 5,000 gold worth of black sapphire dust for cold resist. He has the capability of imbuing essentially magical, permanent tattoos. Yeah, that's something. You can see aspects of, based on what enchantment it is-- like on Orly, his is specifically an aquamarine dust. It has this faint, aquamarine, light blue shimmy to it; as soon as the light hits it, it glitters across. Aquamarine dust being the one that boosts charisma. "(laughs) M-m-many folk have said that." "Well, looks like you're just going to have to keep me employed for quite a while." "Don't get me hurt." He goes back to finishing up the tattoo on the individual. That was Waldok. "(grunts) Okay." All right. Roughly eight days into this journey, you've moved about 100 miles off the shore of the southern island of Bwuali when a small horn sound goes off on the Squalleater. (horn call) It's a small horn. It's a very small horn. I know. This wasn't meant to be an epic horn that I totally failed on. This is intentionally a small horn. Glancing at the top, you can see Avantika has climbed to the center of the mainmast and towards one of the crow's nests up top, and, looking down, points to you, Fjord, and goes, "Quartermaster, call two of your compatriots that you trust to the top with me." You guys climb up the mainmast to the crow's nest, and there you see Avantika with a spyglass, and she leans in to the three of you, directing mainly towards Fjord, and goes, "Now that we are at sea, I want to show you something." She pulls out the spyglass and holds it over to you and helps you point it in the direction. Here you see a vessel, a little ways off on the horizon. A little bit north of where you are, a northwestward direction. She whispers over your shoulder so the rest of you can hear. "Glancing at this ship ahead of us, it appears to be a Concord ship. A shipping vessel probably carrying trade goods. It appears to be equipped for rapid travel, but we could head it off. As my quartermaster, I ask you for your opinion. What should we do?" "Take a look. What do you see?" Make a perception check. Okay. Glancing at it, it's a pretty well made ship. It's meant for speed. It doesn't appear to be heavily manned. It's not carrying or transporting people. It doesn't seem to be a transport ship of any means. You see a handful of small sailors on board with a hand crossbow or a saber that's sheathed at the side. You see on the deck a handful of crates that were not kept beneath, which means it's probably pretty well-packed. It does appear to be Concord colors. Since it's traveling southward, you gather it's probably recently finished-- especially with your experience as a sailor-- finished stocking up on all its materials, travel supplies and its goods. Based on the path it's heading southward, it's either going to arc around to Tal'Dorei or be heading in the direction of Marquet or possibly, if it's feeling risky, the Shattered Teeth. "Depends if we can do so quickly without losing any sort of momentum, perhaps? Not all "ships are boarded and there is a loss of life. Most, I'd say probably 80 percent of encounters "out here, is just intimidation. Most let us take what we want and continue on our way. They don't "want to die." "Well, to be fair, there are plenty of assholes on these waters, so it does not surprise "me. But it is your choice, I say. You may talk amongst your friends, but there is opportunity." "Not unless they-- how do you say-- they are stupid?" "Either or." Make a perception check. Okay. You make out the same details as he does. Nothing catches your attention. Nothing about it seems out of the ordinary per se, but it does seem to be a vessel that is filled with its payload and making its way south. Make a perception check. "An aggressive trade. Interesting." "What is your decision?" You watch as this playful look on her face as she watches this discourse turns into this extremely intense, Joker-like grin and she goes "Well then, welcome to piracy my friends. Come." She jumps off the side and heads the ropes down and begins shouting off commands to people on the ship. The sails shift as the ropes are being pulled-- All right. Bouldergut? Yes, Bouldergut is on this ship. She has been moved from The Mistake partially because Bouldergut acts as a bodyguard to Avantika and because the other ship itself is in serious need of repairs. They assume probably don't put the giant heavy ogre on it. Sure enough. Bouldergut is down there currently getting ready with a giant great club that is carved from an older masthead. "What?" "Right. For show." She looks back and Avantika goes, "Oh don't worry. You are the quartermaster. You are the one "who is to be boarding any sort of ships that we encounter so you choose your people." At this point you watch as Ipess, who is the second mate of the ship, this sunburned gnome begins scurrying up the rope to go ahead and put their flag on display. Ipess. I-P-E-S-S. The flag on this is a dull gray purple color and it has a similar sketch of the same eye tattoo that Avantika has on her chest. As that goes up and the ship begins to move to intercept, glancing through the eyeglass in the distance you can see the other ship noticing the approach and there is now a bunch of chaos as they all begin running up and down the ship notifying everybody else on there. What are you doing to prepare, guys? The angry, tough red-bearded dwarf that actually acts as the cannon master of the ship that goes by the name of Ophiscan Duth. "I'm interested in possibly getting involved, but this is too much fun to watch. Keep going, goblin, I'm liking it." Two of the other deckhands who act as powder monkeys are also helping get things organized. "Though I would recommend if you're going to fire do a warning shot. Tends to get them a bit "spooked in their boots and slowing down." "Across the bow, not at the ship. In front of it, away from it but just enough to show a "little bit of power." "There's a bit of a range of error with these weapons. They're not a perfect art." At this point, the sails are fully unfurled. Speed is picking up. The other ship was trying to gain speed, and it is a very fast ship, but as it tries to move away it ends up putting you at a parallel pace. At which point, the master gunner leans into you and goes "Ahem. About now would be "fine, I think." "We want them to slow down, eh?" He gets behind you and-- not quite like making the vase in Ghost, but is trying to help show you exactly how to set things up and get the cannon ready and aim it. Powder, place the shot, put the fuse in, aim then fire. Yeah. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Okay. You light the fuse. (sizzling) "What order did you put them in?" "I don't think that's how--" "I think you fucked it up." "I think that's-- right, we're going to have to clean that cannon." "You're going to have to clean that cannon." "All right, we'll move over to this one." So you begin setting up the other cannon. So you put the powder first, put the ball, get the-- (explosion) The other cannon goes off. There's a shaking sound with splintering wood and a bit of smoke in the vicinity. You glance over and that cannon is fucked. At this point Ophiscan sees this and knowing your skill set goes, "Go back upstairs. There's a "lot of powder in this room." "Upstairs." "Fireboy. Go. Go get." "All right, so you owe us a cannon. Try again." We'll see if that would help a destroyed cannon. That's a lot of material. A single break or tear-- no. That cannon's fucked. All right, try it again. The DC is lower this time because now you've fucked up. You've managed to head them off. They're managing to get speed and they're curving this way and you guys are curving to meet them. Yeah. Without issue this time, proper order with a rapid pace. Halfway through, Ophiscan's like, "Eh, sorry." You set it, light the fuse. (explosion) The whole thing lurches back about two feet and there's a large wooden platform that catches it from the impact. The room shakes for a second and you glance through the little side of the gunport and you watch it hit the water maybe about 40 feet out from the front of the other ship. You hear shouting from the other ship and you watch as it starts to slow and come to a slower crawl. It begins to give up its chase. This is more for just a visual perspective. Well no, this was sent to me by fans of the show who actually make these, and then this I had custom made a while back in case this ever came around. Yeah, lasered in. Just to give you perspective, as you guys pull up from the side of this, eventually the two ships are brought in, anchor is dropped. This is yours, here. This is the Squalleater. On the opposite end, the crew has all moved up to the deck. They have weapons at the ready, but not necessarily ready to fire. They're in the process of realizing they don't have much recourse at this moment. The rest of Avantika's crew, or at least a number of them, have come up on the deck in support. But you're the one who's helming this. What do you do? The Squalleater. Oh their ship? Yes. To give you kind of a brief perspective here, what you see on deck, off to the side. Those are the people you see. Some of them appear to be deckhands and aren't armed aside from a small shortsword on their side. A couple of them appear to be a little better dressed, but none of them are warriors. They don't appear to have a very visible guard on the deck of the ship. No, go ahead. Okay. Soon as that sentence comes to an end, you hear a rapid clattering of heavy wood against wood. It's all of the various ports and doors in the interior of the ship all manage to slam open at once. All the members on the opposite side look at each other. Make an intimidation check. A 22?! They all look at each other and begin to back even further away from the edge. One of them rushes down and goes deeper into the ship and a moment later returns with one figure which appears to be better dressed than the others. You see very bright blonde hair and a relatively well-dressed leather tunic over decent captain's clothing. He comes to the front and goes, "I am "the captain of The Stormcap. Who am I to be parlaying with?" "I am Captain Jules Errog of The Stormcap, and I would very much like the lives of my men "spared. What supplies do you need? Perhaps there can be a trade organized." His expression gets really confused. It's like, "Okay?" Avantika is on the other ship just leaning against the opposite side watching this happen, just keeping an eye on everything. Looks across to the rest of his men, looks over towards you again. Okay. The intimidating Thaumaturgy-casting Smeed. "Okay. Do as you will." Bouldergut takes a step towards the gangplank and goes "Grrr." Looks over at Avantika who shouts, "Perhaps not having her on the plank is a good idea?" Bouldergut backs up and does a running jump and hits the other side and you watch the ship shift in the water from the impact and the weight of this ogre. So now you have that. A Fire Bolt? Make an intimidation check. Okay. The captain thinks to himself and nods. He turns and steps aside from the doorway that he's been standing in. Okay. At your disposal right there would probably be Vera, who is the previous quartermaster, but she is a bit older, not quite geriatric, but is in her older years. Vera, Ipess, or Norgul. Vera Norgul is her name. Who are you calling? A giant bushy bearded gnome comes by and he has his shortsword drawn. "All right. Let's do it. Lead on!" The three of you make it across the gangplanks and now the group is four of you including Bouldergut. The large opening that leads down into the ship, the rest-- The captain's quarters is underneath in the back. Okay. As you head down, almost everybody who's on the ship is up top. You see a few figures that are deckhands cowering in rooms. They're scared shitless and when you begin walk past you hear (shushing). They're trying to stay quiet. You're in the captain's quarters. What are you doing? Make an investigation check. A number of shipping ledgers. There are books keeping tabs on payments to the crew and how long they've been hired. There is one paper you do find that is hidden in a locked compartment beneath, but you manage to find underneath this little bit that you can slip your fingers through, and pull a sheet of paper out on the opposite end of the shelf. This is a list of the supplies on the ship. There is food and water for the journey. There are Clovis Concord spices, Menagerie Coast specialty dried meats, tropical fruits that are specifically frozen and brought so they're slowly thawing through the journey to get them as fresh as they can where they're going. This looks like this journey was intended to go to Marquet, to Port Damali, The Bay of Gifts. Amongst all the various bits of general supplies, cloths, clothing, and silks that are specific to the Menagerie Coast, there are some elements of Empire goods as well that are put in there. But the thing that catches your interest there is one last addition. Everything else seems to be written in one type of handwriting, and there is a different type of handwriting in the final entry, and the final entry says, "Requested package guarded," and the amount that was paid for that was 1,800 gold. That was received by the captain on this ledger to keep on the down low. In here? You do not, not within this chamber. Okay. While you're looking, are you waiting for Beau or are you heading out? Beau joins up with you guys. Actually, as high your investigation check was, and you continued investigation into the room in search of any sort of thing, you do not find this package, but you do find underneath under the small, tossed, somewhat mildewed rugs that mark the floor, there is a section of floorboard that pulls open, and there is a small chest that is locked. When you pull and shake it a bit, it's filled with quite a bit of coin. It's pretty heavy. As you are moving and shifting it, it sounds like it's filled with a lot of coin. Bouldergut grabs it with one hand and walks over. As Bouldergut makes her way onto the deck, you can see the captain notice it and sigh loudly. "Men, please, to the bow of the ship." They all begin to shift and make their way that direction. As the captain begins to move, goes, "All I ask, please, is leave enough supplies for us to make our journey." Does not break eye contact with you and gives you a serious dark glare. It certainly keeps the other side nervous. You go past into the cargo hold, which is below here. On the level where the captain's quarters are and just below, there's the rest of the cabin quarters for the rest of the crew, and then below that is the cargo hold. As you make your way past the various hiding other members of the deckhand crew, down in the lower cargo hold, there are a series of crates and barrels that contain all the supplies that were on the ledger, you would assume, all the different trade materials. "Which ones?" "Okay." They're all trying to keep a distance from you, scurry down and begin lifting things, at which point a voice below goes, "What's going on?" and they go, "Shh." They begin to move things back up to the top. Make an intimidation check. Eyes wide, the pupils gyrating in a very quick, shaking motion. "I don't his name. He came "with one of the pieces of cargo. He just stays down there." (panting) and continues to grab and pull the crates up. From across the other side-- "Yes?" Bounds across the gangplank on the other side. "What do you need?" She heads down to the ship with you. The whole boat? Okay. The chest does not emit a magical presence. In order to really check the other ship, you have to go across onto its bow and scan and walk across it. It's a 30-foot. Okay. As you begin to make your way over towards the bow, concentrating on the spell, a tiny little magic source below you, deep in the ship, catches your attention. In the other ship, yes. While this is happening-- You guys head down into the cargo hold. Make a perception check. Okay, looking inside, it is lightless and appears to be empty aside from the series of crates and shipping containers that are in here, other than the ones that you've had moved up to the top. Between the three of them, they've done two quick up-and-downs. They've brought a fair amount of supplies so far, and they'll continue if you tell them to. No, because you spent your turn helping her. Technically it's both of you looking. Okay. Looking through Frumpkin's eyes, make a perception check. You're just keeping an eye? Okay. So you're just keeping tabs on the situation. They all look at each other. The captain steps forward and goes, "For what?" Make a persuasion check. "Go, Lieb. That way." Lieb. I know, so close. One of the deck hands looks and he goes, "What, me?" Onto The Squalleater? He comes across the gangplank over next to you. He's just like, "I-- what?" While you're prepping, he just looks over at the captain very mournfully, and the captain's like-- Make a dexterity check. So over the next ten minutes or so, you'll be able to provide a fine tattoo of that simple design. You got it. He's biting his lip (groaning). Okay. You move ahead into the hold about ten feet or so. There's a small pathway that's built between all the different elements of crates and barrels, making sure that you can get to the back of the hold. They're not a sponsor. As you move around the corner, in a flash, you hear (grunting). You see this quick arc of steel as suddenly, from around the corner, a fairly well-armed man with sun-darkened skin, short hair pulled into a tight top-knot or a bun of some kind, holding a longsword two-handed, swings at you, three strikes. That is 24 to hit. That is 18 to hit. And, ooh, that is a 26 to hit. Three hits there. That is 16 points of slashing damage, 13 points of slashing damage, and, oh, 18 points of slashing damage. Avantika listens and goes, "Ah, I trust he can take care of himself, eh?" Now I need you to roll initiative, you to roll initiative, and roll initiative for Yasha, and I'll do for Bouldergut. 25 to 20? Beau, you're 18? Oh, so Yasha's up first. Okay, good to know. Yasha is up first. Seeing this flashing of blades across Fjord, Fjord gets knocked back, careening into some of the nearby crates. They shift from the impact, you hear the cracking of wood. As soon as the figure pulls back, getting the blade into defensive position, backing up against a corner with that was set with a table and a chair, and this is essentially the guarding post of this figure below. There's a very faint bit of light in the corner from a hooded lantern that's been faced towards the inside of the crates so it wouldn't give any sort of light that revealed his location. You see him going into a defensive position. Yasha's up first. Yasha? Armored? Yes, half-plate. Go for it. 11 misses. The blade scrapes across his armor, no impact. The first one scrapes across the armor, causing a couple sparks to fly and briefly lighting up his position. The second time he actually pulls the longsword up and manages to parry and cause the blade to completely miss, impacting and getting stuck about an inch into the wood before she draws back angrily, gritting her teeth. That ends Yasha's turn. Beau, you're up. All right. 19 hits. All right, roll initiative. Stunning strike on him? That's a con save. That was out of the box there. He has a pretty decent con, but he only rolled a 15. What's the DC? 14, yeah, he saves on that one. It's eight plus your proficiency bonus plus your wisdom. Yeah, so the first strike hits him across the head, but he manages to resist it. He pulls back (grunting), teeth gritted. 20 hits. Roll damage for the second strike. Six points of damage. You don't know. It seemed to be pretty decent; he rolled a 15 on that one. But you can try it again. Another ki point. That is a 12. First strike, no impact, he pulls back. He's rearing to try and deflect, or at least keep you at bay. The second strike, as you crack right across the side of the head, he goes down onto one knee. You see him, his eyes go wide as they're rolling a little bit in his skull, and he's currently trying to shake-- You rung his bell. You still have your bonus action. With advantage, if you're-- Five points of damage. He's stunned and on his knee. Okay, that brings us to Bouldergut's turn. (laughter) Bouldergut. There's not a lot of space here, so I'm going to give her disadvantage on her attack because she has to try and swing this large greatclub in this enclosed space as an ogre. Charging by, (roaring), comes down to do an overhead strike. Actually, it would have advantage because stunned, so it's just a regular roll. Let me try that again. Yeah, that's a natural 14, that hits. For that, he takes 13 points of damage on that hit. The other attack-- 17, that hits. Another 15 points of damage. Nice. As he's on one knee, Bouldergut comes around and she slams. He almost falls to the ground again. The giant impact slamming into the back of the metal-- You can see that actual armor dented inward from the impact. She pulls up for a second strike down on top. This one actually sends him down on the ground. He's trying to get back up from that impact. The back of the armor is pushed in. It's limited some of his mobility within his shoulder blades from the way the metal's pushed towards his upper shoulder. That's going to end Bouldergut's turn. It's now Frumpkin's go. 18 hits. That ends Frumpkin's go. Fjord, you're up. Make an intimidation check. Because he's stunned and beat to shit, I'll give you advantage on it. Okay, that ends your turn. Yasha's up. Okay, make an athletics check for her with advantage because she's raging. Okay, he fails strength and dex saving throws. Doesn't say anything about abilities-- I'll say, yeah, she grapples him, that's fine. Beau, you're up. He's currently being held by Yasha and looking right over at Fjord, who's backed away, hands up. That's your turn? Okay. It comes to his turn, he's being held by Yasha, and he shakes off the daze. Grits his teeth, and just throws his sword to the ground. Four points renegade, one point paragon. Yasha's still clutching him there. Yeah. He's still being grappled by Yasha, without saying a word. There's this look of defeat and acceptance of one's pride. He's just trying desperately not to engage more than he has to, and glances over towards a crate that is across from where he was sitting that would still be in his visual perspective. But it's an unsuspecting crate pushed in a cluster of others. He looks in that direction and gives a head nudge. Okay. "No." Make an insight check. Hard to read. He's a pretty grim fellow. What did you say? Okay. All right. "Whatever you want. Please, just let me go." You lift it up. Looking inside, there's a few heavy sacks of rice or grain or sand. You can't really tell. But they're all lining it for weight on the crate. In the center, there's a pillow or a piece of folded fabric that's folded in place in the center. You pull the fabric back, and there you see a very intricate, wooden box. It's about maybe that big. It's about the size of a shoebox, if you will, but it's really well-scrolled and carved wood. Like a whittler or a carver spent a lot of time to make it look very beautiful and presentory. It has these chain handles on the sides that dangle on the edge. It has a little latch on it, and it's locked. Yeah. It's pretty light. The captain on the stop says something like, "Are we done yet?" "I don't believe so." (spitting) "You've already guaranteed I lose my job and my wage. What more can you take from me?" "I was." "150 gold upon my return." You just slip it into his pouch? He looks confused and untrusting, like he's caught off-guard by it. "Soma." He just glares at you. Okay, there you go. Nott, Beau catches up to you on the other ship. There are two of the other powder monkeys that are currently playing cards. Yeah. It's pretty well-made. Is Prayer of Healing concentration? When you came in? Yeah. The source of magic was that box. Yeah. "Soma." "I'm a hired protector." "It is when people like you come in here and ruin it." "You'd be surprised how much of an industry revolves around just that." He's taken aback even more. "I will say, you are definitely the strangest pirates I've ever "heard of." He nods begrudgingly. "It was." He looks over at the back part of it that's been smashed to shit by the ogre's greatclub. There are a number of crates in the vicinity. Checking for traps, you have to get close and inspect it. All right, go for it. Make an investigation check. It is trapped. It's a fairly complex trap. Mechanical. You gather it's probably what's inside the box. You could attempt to disarm. Yeah, that's what Mage Hand can do. As Yasha's still clutching him there, he's like-- Make a thieves' tools check, please, with your dexterity. As the gentle Mage Hand, clutching the thieves' tools, begins to do this weird ghostly finger dance across, you see it go (clicking) Ting! You hear a spring break. As the Mage Hand shockers the box, sure. You hear the spring break on the interior and it seems the trap has been disabled. That was disabling the trap. Now you have to open it. Roll to unlock it. There are three locks. There's one lock in the front, and two on each side. Rapidly, they come open. Okay. You go to open it up and the inside, it's soft, velvet interior of the case. There you see a small ceramic pot of some kind, roughly about that big, that has a lid on it, and it is enclosed. Then above it, mashed in there, a paintbrush. About a foot long. A little pot of paint, it looks like. The guard glances over and goes, "This is bullshit. This is fucking bullshit." "Yes!" "I don't want to talk about it." "I've already given you too much. Let me go amongst my pride swallowing." "I don't know." "I do mercenary work out of Port Damali from time to time, and other places along the shore. "Normally, some of the higher-paying jobs are a don't-ask-type scenario." "That is very true." He's just giving the thousand-yard stare into a shadowy corner. All right. Bouldergut stops and turns around toward him and pats him on the head, and then follows up behind you guys. Captain Jules Errog says, "No! Would you please leave us, if you have everything you need?" (panting and whimpering) He runs back across like, (panting). (laughter) (whimpering) The captain gives a nod. "Thank you for sparing the lives of my men." As you guys come across, the rest of Avantika's crew pulls over the gangplanks. They pull up anchor. Avantika, looking over the opposite side, goes, "Do not pull up your anchor "until we are beyond your sight. if we see you shift beforehand, we will turn right back around." The other crew nods. Sails unfurl. Wind picks up. Ship begins to move. You begin continuing to head westward. Once you're a little bit out of earshot and Avantika's keeping an eye off the edge of the ship, looks back to the rest of you and (slow clapping). The rest of the crew begins to clap and there's a bit of applause. "With that, my friends, welcome, truly, to what it means to be free on the "sea. I'm proud of you. So! Let's see what you found." They go to start opening the chest, and we'll take a break there. We'll get to that when we come back from the break! We'll be back here in just a moment. In the meantime, we do have our Wyrmwood giveaway for the evening. For this, you need to head over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, to enter. Tonight's keyword is reef. R-E-E-F. Enter it once. More than once, you'll be disqualified. Once again, this is only available for people in the US and Canada, excluding Quebec. Tonight we have our fantastic figured myrtlewood dice vault, which is a new wood offered by Wyrmwood, which has actually really cool texture to it. It's got a weird shimmer. It's quite pretty and one of you is going to win that when we return! Enter in the Twitch chat and we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. [break] Myrtlewood! It's really pretty. Ironically, well-named CaptainCupcake! (cheering) (pirate voice) We'll get that sent to you right rickety-split. Having now made your way on the Squalleater from, as far as I know, all of you, your first real bit of piracy. Pulling away, the chest that was brought on-board is currently being picked and opened by some members of the crew. (thudding) As it folds open, looking inside, you can see it is a mass of gold, silver, copper, and an occasional glimmer of platinum coins. This is quite a bit of change. At which point, the captain looks over to the quartermaster and goes, "Well done. This will be divvied up appropriately. What else was found? We've got some--" and then begin to point out the food, the thawing tropical fruit that was placed there. Bouldergut's sitting there with the rest of you, looking around and listening to the captain, looking off into the distance. Maybe ten feet from you. Make a deception check. The captain glances past and goes, "Eh, why don't you stay here, at least until we're finished divvying up all the findings." "You're telling me. All right, anything else? What transpired below? You have not told me what happened. Apparently, there was some sort of a scuffle?" and Bouldergut goes, "(deep chuckle) Yeah. Tiny man in armor." You begin to realize, at this point, not a whole lot of timbre difference between the male and female ogres that you have encountered in your time. It's generally just more hair on the top of the head-- stubble's about the same. "That is impressive. Did you finish him off?" "I'm impressed, you are all very strongly adhering to this not-killing aspect of piracy. I can tell you from experience, it does not last very long, but I respect the intent. Anything else?" She looks at you, "Hmm, not bad." Bouldergut leans in, right over your shoulder, Beau, and goes, "What's the--" Make a sleight of hand check. As you reach back, your coins slip from your grasp, and (clattering coins) all across-- Bouldergut goes (grunts) and starts helping you pick them up, but fumbling with her giant fingers. "Indeed." Avantika gives a keen look towards Beau, nods. "Yes, Jester?" "I already have plenty, but thank you, I appreciate the offer." "I will keep that under consideration. Anyway, regardless, well done. Impressive work. "Let's continue on to the Dragshallow Reefs. Come on." You catch up to Nott. Are you going as well, or is it just you two? That's what I'm asking what are people doing? "You as well. It was very impressive." "You beat the shit out of that man." "I could tell that. It was very nice, well done." "You too. Goodbye." Anyone else doing anything? Okay, you find Caleb. Caleb, if you haven't left the top of the deck-- (singing) Books and cats and books and cats and books and cats... All right, you go to your chambers. SAM and Yasha pulls in, "What is going on?" "No." No. The full box? Are you inspecting the full box? The box is about shoebox size. Correct, yeah. No. Cousin of the Metagaming Pigeon, the Not There Imp. Not There Fairy, there you go. Don't forget, Nott, you still have that marble, silver shield thing. You can take time to do it a few times. The shield, yeah. It does eventually use up the paint over time. (laughter) I didn't think this through! No, in hindsight, it occurs to me. She would need a surface to paint it on. You only had to actually be pirates and fucking roll a ship to get it, so live with that. Goddamn it. Yeah. Technically. No. Okay. I don't think you-- Technically anyone can use a shield, but you're not proficient you get a bunch of bad things. Correct, no shields. All right. I'll have to add it to there myself. It's a custom item. For any level it's three. Okay, there you go. Okay. You take a little bit, you do this little dick, and suddenly-- Okay, and you paint it, and finish it, and you look at it, and take the edge of the paintbrush and nudge it, and it rolls a bit. (surprised laughter) Yeah, you're not turning this into Second Life, with all the different fucking floppy dicks flying everywhere. You'd have to find out and try. No, it's +2 and then +1 on top of that. Hmm, I'll double-check that. Ah, there you go. Make a perception check. Okay. It seems to be fairly clear. No. In the room you're in currently, there is not a port window. You know the general vicinity of where it would have happened. It would take a little bit of searching and a little bit of-- you know. Yeah. Depending on what you have at your disposal, like definitely narrow the search, but if it's just based on your memory it would take a while to find it, but you know the general area where it went down. At this point, it's later afternoon. It's like five or so; you're like an hour or two from dusk. All right. The rest of you go about your business? Yasha does the same. Okay. How far away are you, Jester? 15 feet. Make a perception check. Looking about, across the deck, you do not see her currently near or visible. A few more days' travel to Darktow. A couple of moments here. In one night that you are in your room sketching your book, testing out some of your new paints, you feel a hand on your shoulder. You glance over and you can see the pale, soft fingers and a dark greenish sleeve resting there. You glance over to the side and you can see the draping hood and the slight curved smile across the angular chin of the Traveler protruding from beneath the cloak. "Hello. I see you found a new toy." "Well I'm quite excited at the things you're capable of, Jester. How are things?" "Surprise me." "Yes, my dear?" "Yes, I've been... pleasantly surprised." "I know, your tenacity is impressive." "Maintain that balance. That seed of chaos." "Well there are many different enchantments that could achieve the goals you seek." "Trickery?" "Listen. Listen to what piques his interest. And then happen to be the source when he needs it. "If that fails, there are plenty of enchantments that can sway his mind." "I'll do my best." "No." "I know. So what are you making me?" "I'll wait." "I'm never far." (laughs) What are you making him? As you finish painting it, it takes gravity. It almost seems to fall a centimeter and center itself. It goes from a two-dimensional shift, it's almost like blinking-- Sitting up from the edge of the bed, the cloaked figure walks over and lifts it and inspects it and places it back down. "You're getting better." "Preferably where it would be the least expected." "And the creepiest to find." "I'm excited." "Yes." "Make me proud, Jester." "The time's coming soon, we'll meet the rest of your brethren." "Soon, my dear." As you look up from your notes, closing your book, you turn to look and the Traveler is gone. You guys don't know anything. Fjord. Maybe two days out from the reefs you go to bed that night. As sleep takes you, you find yourself kicking through the thick sludge-like waters that surround you. Sluggish in your movements, the darkness all-encompassing, yourself alone in these shadowed depths. A faint green light is visible in the distance. You push and swim towards it, light glowing brighter. Closer. As that grows closer, a second light, even further, impossibly distant but you can acknowledge it, rests on the horizon. As that first light gets brighter, you can see this source taking shape. It's a figure. Female. Nude, also swimming. Avantika, emanating this strange green glow. Swimming ahead of you, her body wreathed in this faint greenish-yellow aura. She looks and points to you. The waters around you seem to glow the same color light. You look down at your body and you see that you are now the third glowing source of this green energy. Suddenly, the waters are easy to traverse. What was once sluggish and difficult to Fjord is second nature. A voice comes through. "Watching." The distant light you see suddenly dives with incredible speed. Nearly out of sight, Avantika dives down after rocketing down below you. Breakneck in her speed, you dart after her to give chase, moving far quicker than you anticipated. You realize the water is becoming thinner and thinner, like air. You're falling. Three shooting stars plummeting through a dark sky. "Learn." Glancing down below this endless void you plummet towards, you make out the details from a surface rushing towards you. You plummet towards an ocean. The faint distance endless glittering of moving shifting waves of some sourceless moonlight, just barely giving the shapes below, with three large masses beneath you like a misshapen triangle of land masses of incongruent sizes. One, two, three. You rocket downward towards the space between the three, the center of this triangle. Hitting the waters of the ocean with tremendous force, impact but no pain. You sink. The light of the other two figures glittering through the lightless waters. Down, down, you sink. Until you see a structure coming to view from below. A tilted tower, wrapped in sea vines, the hollow center providing a wide tunnel further within. You peer inside this empty tunnel of the tower's depths and watch as a sudden bright, yellow light shines from within a gleaming yellow eye. "Reward." As the two other lights seem to try and drift towards you, behind you, you fall into darkness and the dream ends. You did, you passed south of it. Your piracy stunt hit right at this trade route there. That's where you were. The three masses were not even in shape and size, and they were clustered. At the time, from what you recall, the ship was heading outward. Yeah. Anyway. Contemplate this. In the next few days that pass, eventually the fog rolls in and the blue, cloudy skies you have become familiar with on this journey give way to gray, rainy, and cold, this marine front rolling in as you begin to come upon the outskirts of the Dragshallow Reefs. Okay, you do know that the current master gunner is keeping a very close eye on you after you have exhibited-- Okay, make a sleight of hand check. Okay. You steal, over time, a pretty decent amount of this powder. You're pretty damn proud of it, yeah. Write down on your inventory you have a handful of pepper. (laughter) Awesome, go ahead and roll for that. This would be tinker tools, yeah. With this one, it would be, yeah, dex, since you've already made one. 15? Yeah, you manage to construct a pepper arrow. Pepper bolt, there you go. The ship skirts around the southern edge of the reefs. You can now see the tangled graveyard of destroyed ships and gathered driftwood marking the shallow spots across this jagged cluster of reef. Curving around a southwestern passage, a channel, that opens. The channel beckons you entry as you turn to head northward to what would be the center, the heart of this cluster. No more than maybe 20 minutes into entering this channel, Avantika shouts up at the rest of the crew, "Raise "the colors!" at which point the massive ogre, Bouldergut, tosses the gnomish second mate, Ipess, high up to the central mast, to the crow's nest, where he swaps out the flag to a new one, one that is straight purple. As it begins to push its way in, make a perception check. Make a perception check. This is a different flag than the one that was raised during piracy. Natural what? Okay. 14, so what's the total? Nice. Okay. Okay. Jester, it's a couple of things. You pick up on the detail of the flag. It is straight purple but there is something... different about it, you're not entirely certain. It looks like a straight color, but there's, sometimes, some of the way the light hits it, you can see a sheen in parts of it. That's the best I can describe. The rest of you also look around and you can see amongst these reefs, not only are there the jagged bits of it that come forward and bits of rock that jut out the ocean amongst the rest of the rubble around, and it looks like a lot of it has been placed both as a communal barricade on top of the reef, and as a challenge to anything that wishes to come in, but you can see in areas where the rock itself is a little more sturdy and above the surface, there are watchtowers, and there are bolt-throwers and catapults, and there are defenses all across elements of this reef that you imagine are one of the many reasons it's not been taken back by the Clovis Concord in what you would know to be the 40-plus years that Darktow has belonged to what is known as the Revelry. The Revelry is the communal band of pirates that work together to maintain some internal order. Make a history check, Fjord and anybody else proficient with history. Okay. Okay. Fjord and Caleb, you know that this began as a dispute with the heads of the guilds in the Clovis Concord. They own and run a majority of the trade routes that come in and out, but a lot of the smaller shipping businesses and various other side-industry leaders were being over-taxed, repeatedly, in an attempt to close them out of the business and essentially completely own all means of shipping in the vicinity. This pissed off a lot of people, and eventually, in moments of combined desperation and frustration, they banded together, and where Darktow was previously a very important repair and stopping station this far out from the Menagerie Coast for long-distance shipping, they ransacked it and took it over. They killed those that defended themselves, and any of those who did not want to raise arms would be absorbed and be allowed to become a member of what was now called the Revelry. As such, they have since held this location and continued to be the source of piracy both for their own wealth and continuation of well-being, but also as a continuous source of aggression and destruction of the otherwise very prosperous trade that the Clovis Concord runs. You do know also that the Revelry is run by what's called the Plank King. The previous one was killed 15 years ago by the current Plank King, who challenged him. The Plank King is known as Wyatt Marinas, and all you have heard is he is a giant of a man. As you move deeper through this channel, the day goes on, begins to get somewhat dark as you begin to see the glittering lights of the southern edge of Darktow Isle. The cold pulls through, and a light rain begins to fall as you approach. This island, unlike the jungle islands that you've come across and a vast majority of the Swavain Islands here off the Menagerie Coast, is mostly rock and cliff. In fact, from what you can see, most of this island from this perspective is jagged cliff face and probably a few hundred feet up is where the island's even surface even begins. At the base around this cliff face you can see a scattered web of a shipyard, just tangled docks that maneuver around containing dozens and dozens of ships. Across that you see numerous torches that mark various intersections where they all meet, and built into the base of this cliff face, you see a number of buildings and windows, all slowly being lit as the night grows darker and darker. This mass of natural-looking, hive-like pirate city there stands before you. Welcome to Darktow. As the ship makes its way to the docks and eventually comes to a stop, you can see a few figures up there at the edge, one of them that rings a bell as it comes in, and a couple that come out to meet Avantika. Steps out, and there's a couple of hands raised, and go, "Hail, "Avantika!" She goes, "We have returned! I know it has been quite a while, but success and "celebration, I believe, are on our lips tonight." A few of the men come up and look over the crew and look over a few of you and take some notes, and then dart off. The ship now has docked, they're beginning to take remains of the supplies, the Mistake is pulled off onto the other side and Orly and your other hired crew are looking very wide-eyed and confused about what the fuck is going on. You literally hired a bunch of guys out of-- Nicodranas that have now been brought into a-- Yep. As you begin to step off the ship-- Jamedi steps off with the rest of you. Looks to Avantika, and goes up to her and goes, "You still owe me 50 more gold. I counted "what you gave me." She goes, "Oh, my apologies, I thought I had correctly counted that." She pulls a few coins out of her purse and hands it to him. Counts it himself. "Our business is concluded." Looks to the rest of you. "Be careful around this one. Be safe." He turns and walks into the city. It is salty with sea splash and cold to the touch because of the nature of the stone. No one talked to him over the journey. There was a lot of back and forth over the journey. Avantika turns to the rest, "Crew! It has "been a good journey. You have all been very kind. You have been resolute and Uk'otoa will be proud." LAURA and "Tonight we drink! Come. Let us be off to The Bloated Cup. The rounds are on me." SAM and Marius comes around the edge of the-- Of the docks. Yes, remember Marius? Yes. He's like "Okay, don't mean to make this really-- Where the fuck are we?" "Okay." (nervous sighing) "Both, really." "What should it be?" "Got it." "Oh, there's more." "LePual LePain." Orly's big turtle hand clasps on the back of your left shoulder, Beau, and goes "Oh, I kind of "like that one." "Well, I like juice." (unsure, uncomfortable humming) "Wait, what?" "I'm going to need a drink." The rest of the crew, looking confused amongst themselves stick together and they come over. One of them, his name would've been-- oh. Actually no, at this point, this is Gallan. Gallan, who has recovered and is-- Yes. Who has become loosely the-- because he's the only one who was originally on the Mist and knows it well-- he's become the den mother of the other hired crew you've brought into this wiley adventure. He comes up and goes, "So. All these ones." "What's the plan?" "I'll ask around." He doesn't seem bothered by it. He's been here before. Gallan left this port on the Mist. But he seems genuinely-- Over the travel, he's gotten a little bit concerned and seems somewhat invested in the new crew you've hired. He goes and relays that message to the rest of them. In the meantime, the rest of the crew seems to have followed suit with Avantika, leaving a few crewmen that are just a part of the docks to keep watch. Pretty damn well patrolled and monitored. This is the bread and butter of their business. You get the sense here, and based on your history checks, everyone who resides in Darktow is a member of the Revelry. By the way, you guys are members of The Revelry. Well, by becoming part of Avantika's crew, coming into port, and having a few individuals mark your presence, you imagine that's probably the case. Well, what are you guys doing? It's more the former than the latter, from the first part. There is no uniformed guard, there is no-- Yeah, the heavy realm of piracy has only existed for 40-plus years, on this coast. It's still, in some ways, finding its footing. Winding through the docks, following the rest of Avantika's crew, the docks and bridges, it's this labyrinth to find your way beyond that to the stone and rock where you had kissed earlier. The city itself is a series of switchback paths and carved caverns and cave entrances that have since been outfitted with pieces of wood, with windows. Now, at this point, it's pretty much pitch black in the sky. What little bit of light there is from the nearby torch and lantern light gives just a hint of the mist that's rolled in across the outskirts of the island. The only light sources you have are those you keep on you, or the distant glowing smattering of hundreds of fire-lit windows, lit from the inside the warm buildings that make up the city. As you make your way to what you assume to be the tavern, The Bloated Cup, if you will, Avantika's currently standing outside talking to somebody. There you see this burly, rough-looking human man, probably a week and a half unshaven, this thick five o'clock shadow. Grayish curled hair that goes right about shoulder-length. It's slicked back, probably with his fingers to one side, but it's oily enough where it stays in place. Looks like he's wearing an officious coat, and they're currently in the middle of a discussion, and she looks over her shoulder to the rest of you and goes, "Ah, my "apologies. There is one bit of business we must attend to before we can celebrate. The rest of you "continue on. My new compatriots, it seems," and the human figure pipes up and goes, "Word has "reached the ears of the Plank King that you've brought new blood here to Darktow. I imagine these "are the new blood based on," and he looks at a sheet of paper that's handed to him and looks at the description that was written, "and he would appreciate you bringing them to The Throne Roost "and have an audience." "Well, I'm the assistant of the Plank King." "James Tybalt." "I'm certain he wouldn't argue." He smiles now. This is the first time you've seen his grin and there's, maybe, six or seven teeth. Most of them are blackening. "I'd recommend y'all follow me." "You too, Avantika. He wants to check in." She sighs but gives a smile. "Ipess, bring like "500." He starts counting out gold from one of the chests they had brought with them. No. That's what quartermasters do. It's all good. The coin is passed over to a smaller chest and Avantika carries it up under her arm. You guys are led to the western side of this city and then begin climbing up this precarious set of winding stairs carved out of the rocky cliff. Above the city, slick with mist and recent rain. It looks like the way the wind's hitting, the rain isn't hitting the cliff side, but you can see it passing maybe 15, 20 feet in front of you. Partway up this climb, the occasional torch is now replaced with a wooden pike holding a skull or a head at varying stages of decay. Okay, you put your metal scary mask on. You're led up further, maybe 250, 300 feet up this cliff face. Leading you with some of the bursts of wind to lean against it to pull across. The stone stairs themselves vary from two feet wide to maybe a foot at times. Looking down over the edge, you can imagine a few folks have found their end with an odd misstep. The stairs finally stop at a wide stone shelf that overlooks the town at about 200 to 300 feet above, the furthermost edge ending just above the rocky waters of the inlet. A cave mouth greets you against the cliff, warm with firelight. Two watchmen notice you and they stand there keeping an eye as a cloaked man pushes past you to descend from where you came. He just pushes past you. Avantika nods to the guards and shows the chest. He's a little ways past you now. Make a perception check. It's too dark and there's too much rain. It's hard to make out any details, unfortunately. Avantika continues in after showing the chest, the offering. The rest of you follow? As you follow inside, the smell of fine cooked meats and sauces mingles with wet leather and stagnant water. A soft fiddle and squeezebox duet dances through the evening air, the bardic sources atop stools next to a large stone chair carved from the surrounding rock. Sitting atop the throne is a giant of a man; half giant, to be precise. His dull, gray skin marked with scars, his coat long and velvet blue, tattered at the edges. Plain breeches and boots shift as he stands, his eyes cold, shifting with his smile. Long black curls toppling along the sides of his head, past his shoulders, framing his face to about mid chest. Now, you know this through your research and some of you had experiences, for the most part male goliaths don't have hair, let alone such luxurious locks. As he stands up, a servant enters and leaves a bowl of somewhat bruised feet-- somewhat bruised fruit at the feet of the throne. The large figure claps his hands once loudly and the music stops, coming to a halt. "Deep guests. Avantika. You bring guests. Welcome, friends, to the Revelry. "Come, sit a spell." Two servants all of a sudden come behind, you hear the scraping of wood against stone as two long benches are pressed behind you. You find yourself awkwardly having to sit on them as they creak with your weight. Another bowl of nuts and somewhat mushy berries is placed in Caduceus' hands, a bottle of wine is opened and handed to Caleb. "My manners, where are they? "(chuckles) I am Wyatt Marinas, the Plank King of Darktow, master of the Revelry." "And you are?" Sets it awkwardly on one of the arms of the stone throne. "Okay, Gilligan. So, Avantika, it "seems you took all of these under your wing." She nods and takes her chest and puts it forward and goes, "That is true, and I believe the rest will introduce themselves here in another moment." (grunt of acknowledgement) Yasha just goes, "I'm Yasha." "Well, you've all come under the banner of the Squalleater. What "draws you to a life of piracy? What drives you?" "All right." Looks to Yasha. "I like to punch things?" Kind of smiles. Looks back over his shoulder, "You've got all that, Linus?" And you see off to the side, in an alcove you weren't looking, you see a man, hunched over, who's currently writing everything down in a book, and sketching, and he's paying really close attention to everybody, and is listening. "Yeah." "No." (laughter) He's feverishly taking notes and sketching. You recognize, he's drawing as well as making notes. Okay. "Well, if the captain here vouches for you, then I trust you won't go causing any "trouble. Only law here is no trouble coming between pirates while within the reef. You cause "trouble on land, I judge you. You've seen a few judged on your way up here." "Trouble outside the reef, well, you'll either return to explain your cases, and I decide "what's fair, or in need of punishment, or if you don't return, I just assume you're guilty. Them's "the big ones, you understand?" "Depends on what the other one thinks. If the other one doesn't want to be harmed or stolen "from, well, that's breaking the law." "Well, hard for me to hear that you broke it. Now, Darktow means protection, means family. "And family shares its good fortune." He looks to Avantika, and she now kicks the chest across, and scrapes. He stops it with his foot, and kicks open the lid and the coins are there now, visible, a couple spilling out. "I accept your tribute. Welcome back. We'll get your ships up and fixed "real soon. Welcome to the Revelry. (laughs)." (uneasy laughter) "A damn dream-chaser, she be. So be warned where she leads you she's crazy. Fucking nuts." She looks up at him and goes, "You are quite the peach yourself, there, master." Squints to himself. "Well, thanks, that's it, shove off. Get the fuck out of my room." "Yes." He's glaring over at you. "Of course." "No, I have my drinks brought up here." As Avantika leaves, the rest of you are leaving. Takes his arms and pushes you out, leading you to the exit. Make a perception check. 17. Couple of things you notice. One you glance in the vicinity, you look and notice the Plank King. Right where the hairline is, it's a duller, paler white. In that moment you remember the first Plank King was definitely known for his longer, darker locks. (groaning) Looking around the interior of the chamber, because the way this is carved inside the mountain, it's this nice arched cavern top and there are number of alcoves and hidden spaces, and you glance around it and first, at just a quick glance, notice at least six or seven other figures that are hidden in the alcoves, just watching. Figures. Seem to be either human or-- As you're all being ushered out of the chamber and pushed to the side, the Plank King is like, "Anyway, off with you! Enjoy your night, drink well. We'll take care of that," and there's a little tug on your arm, Beau. The Plank King comes and whispers in the side of your ear. He says, "You've a keen ear, right? Avantika ever does anything untoward to our little community "here, you let me know. There's some grand coin in it for you." Just backs away. Okay. With that, you make your way out, back to the stone steps. Avantika sees you all exit and goes, "Well, that was harrowing and necessary, but over. Now for drinking, yes?" "He's certainly a series of adjectives, yes, I'll give you that." "Well over a decade, probably." "Oh, well, it's not paying him to not kill us, it's sharing in our spoils to better the community." "I don't know. I've never tried." "Nevertheless, I'm going to get drunk. Who's with me?" "All right, come on." She smiles and turns around and you all begin to make your trek down the somewhat slick stone steps to the darkened city of Darktow, the glittering firelight, the open windows below leading you to whatever revelry the evening has in store. And that's where we'll pick up next week. You a stole a ship and followed the path! It is a point of comparison, this is true. Well guys, this is a very unique flavor of campaign. "He's a fun one." On that note, folks, we're going to pick this up next Thursday. Look forward to the art book coming on sale Monday morning, the final chapters, the second half and end of Vox Machina's campaign, as created and presented by you, the fantastic art community. Yeah, other than that, have a wonderful weekend, we love you, and is it Thursday yet? Goodnight, guys. (wolf whistle)