Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. I know it's November 1st and Halloween was last night, but that's bullshit because we would have missed Halloween, so we're doing it anyway. Apparently I have a type when it comes to Halloween costumes, but after having enough people send me pictures of new Dante, going, "He looks like you!" I was like, "Fuck it. I'm going to "embrace it." So yes, I guess we'll go around and introduce our costumes, because it sounds like fun right now. I'm Dante from Devil May Cry 5. The best I could do in one week's time, most of which was spent in London. What about you? Liam. Perfect! And Travis. Perfect. Sadly, we're missing Laura Bailey tonight. She is off doing rehearsals for BlizzCon tomorrow. I will be there as well both days, so those who are watching or are on the virtual ticket, check it out, because there's some fun stuff going on. Before we get into the rest of our announcements, first we have two fantastic sponsors tonight. The first of which is the fantastic Tor Books. Liam! Kylo Walken? You actually directed him, so you would know. Anyway. (laughter) Thank you, Liam. Our fantastic returning second sponsor for tonight are our friends at D&D Beyond. Sam. Oh my god, what have you done?! SAM (VO) (triumphant humming) (laughter) Well done. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, our friends at D&D Beyond, for making this happen on a weekly basis. I'm so glad that Dreamworks was willing to work with you based on how much Disney you do. Find Taliesin there. Our final episode of this batch of Between the Sheets aired this past Monday and is now available on YouTube, where our fantastic host Brian W. Foster talks to me. It's a bit of an emotional one, but I hope you enjoy it. Check it out on youtube.com/criticalrole and I think that ends this batch. We'll be back very soon with the next batch of new guests and new stories with our fantastic host. Oh shit, thank you. Thank you. I didn't expect it to get as deep as it did but here we are. Anyway, hope you enjoy it. The next episode of All Work, No Play will debut this Friday at twitch.tv/criticalrole at 7PM Pacific Time. This week, Liam and Sam learn how to fire spin with our fantastic, our own, my wife, Marisha Ray. I'm excited to see it. I've only seen bits and pieces, and it's pretty absurd. Yeah, failure to ignite. Check it out this Friday at 7PM Pacific. Travis, you have something to talk about? Thanks, Travis. Daylight savings time hits the US this week, so make sure for those that are outside of the US, as far as times you can check out the shows and the rest of our content, go to wheniscriticalrole.com for updated air times in your timezone. Keep an eye out on that. Yes. We gain an hour. We gain an hour. They're archaic, unnecessary means of changing our times each year. I don't think that works that way. You might be right. Fair enough. Last but not least, I want to thank all of our fantastic European critters and beyond who came out to MCM London this past weekend. Our first European convention and it was magnificent. The turnout was insane. You guys broke MCM London, confusing all sorts of other guests about what the hell this thing is. I loved the fact that Kit Buss, our official artist from the first campaign, had a far longer line than Frank Miller the entire weekend. It was pretty fantastic. Got to meet a bunch of people from the CR Translate team, bunch of fantastic artists and writers and general amazing community members. Thank you for coming out. Of course, Arsequeef. Legitimately fantastic gentleman. This definitely will not be our last time to Europe. Don't worry, because that was amazing. What's great is the longer you keep it next to Ronin, he doesn't actually have to feed. I believe that's the extent of our announcements, and as such that brings us in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [TV static, click] [groovy Critical Role theme] (laughter) You made your way to the bottom, subterranean, guardian chamber, where you met a yuan-ti abomination that was laying guard to the true guardian a large hydra. The hydra had turned around and laid waste to much of your party, but you managed to, through a series of clever choices, uses of fire magic, and some rapid assaults, managed to cleave all the heads from its body and kill it just in time. Its corpse now lying fresh on the ground, Captain Avantika seeming pleased and impressed by the display of the strange, new compatriots that have now come to work under her. You now sit in the stillness of this chamber, able to now finally take a moment to look about and see what secrets or mysteries it holds. So Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? Avantika is sitting down for a second and getting her breath. The rest of you who are still up in the hallway, which is Jester, Caduceus, and Jamedi and Caleb, all begin to slowly descend the stairs. No, it's currently slung over the side of the staircase that curves down into the subterranean chamber. Two healing potions and an EpiPen. Hold on. Jamedi's currently standing at the top, glancing around the side. He glances around and steps down another step. "I was not paid to do anything of this sort. "I was a guide. I was to delve. I am not skilled in the ways you are. I'm not stupid to throw myself "in front of a beast so large." Actually, make a perception check. Looking at his person, he has a short bow and a dagger, and that is it. He's not armed for any sort of main assault. In fact, most of his equipment and materials, in the way he's armored and dressed, is for expediency, lack of sound, and meant to blend into his surroundings fairly easy. A lot of browns, grays, and dull greens. He's definitely more of a scout and a tracker, based on his skill set from what you've seen, than any sort of frontline fighter. As you approach, she gets up and rummages off the side and pulls off a small lantern she keeps notched on the side of her belt. Make a perception check. Nothing in particular beyond what she previously had, that you can tell at the moment, no. It's a small lantern, maybe that big, and she pulls a piece of cloth out that was meant to keep it from clattering or making any noise on the inside. She pulls out the cloth, tucks it in her pocket, ignites the end of an oil wick. The lantern glows a bit and gives off some light. She begins walking along the walls of the inside of the chamber. As you cast Detect Magic, a few things. All of your friends give off a faint aura. Everything but Jamedi gives off a magical aura. You also sense the columns themselves have a fairly powerful, deep magical aura to them. That's the most you can see at the moment. Nothing. Fjord, as you begin to walk along what would be considered the southern walls around this side of the chamber, you and Avantika, looking across, the walls appear to be made of the same eldest stone that this temple is made from. The newer materials that have been plastered and set against what once was this original temple did not make its way this far into the basement. It seems that there is no intent to cover, or at least, hasn't gotten to the point of covering what originally lined the walls of this chamber, and as such, the original carvings remain. What you see are three massive carved murals on that wall, that wall, and this far side, mirroring the placement of the three pillars. These murals stand probably 15 feet tall and about 20 or so feet wide. You can see them depicting these giant, faintly detailed and gently colored scenes, though a lot of the coloration seems to have faded with dust and time. Some of the stone has been stained or painted to show some variation in color. You can make out the simple shapes to fill out this much larger tapestry on the stone before you. The one on that far wall, as you come across it, you see a crowd of people. Simple design, but definitive heads and shoulders and legs. You can see the humanoid form, and there are many, many clustered around the base of this mural. Above them, you can see three larger humanoid figures that are haloed by a light or an aura that elevates them beyond this crowd. Three figures. Then over the top of that, taking up probably 60 percent or more of this mural, you see a humongous bird of dark purple flame that is wreathing the sky above this crowd. You see its wings curved upward and then bent down, and where the wings end, fire curls and burns, and the feathers on the edges of these wings definitively come up into a purple and dark gray flame with bits and specks of deep red. At the top where its head looks down, the beak long and pointed, there are three eyes across its face, and in each of these eyes you see set a rather large onyx stone. A large, flaming bird. Like a phoenix, but dark purples and grays and deep reds in color. Each one of those eyes is an onyx stone. Probably about that big. You don't see any magical essence on the carving or the stones, just from those pillars. Glancing at the pillars, too, there's faint carved designs and shapes, like swirling, almost serpentine circles and curves that chain into each other and swirl off. Imagine a column made of chains, if you will, but the patterns are erratic in places and don't seem to follow. From what you can tell, no. That's the far wall. If you continue curving around to the one closest to me, you meet up with Avantika at that point. She holds her lantern up, and you can see a very similar layout, a very familiar showing of a crowd. Much like the previous one, though some of their shapes have different shoulders. It looks almost like their clothing or whatever their accoutrements are are different. It seems to insinuate a different people. Above them, three more figures stand, shown larger and emanating some sort of radiance or aura. Above that, you see this giant, coiled serpent of scale, fin, and eyes made of amber. Each of these eyes is a separate amber piece about that big around, the size of a large gold piece, all along the coil of its body. At the very top, where it's rearing up, this very long, thin, pointed, almost lizard-like maw opens up, and behind it, this giant tidal wave is curling and frozen in place, looking like it's about to bear down on and either destroy or sweep away the crowd below it. Very much so. On this one, the head of it has three eyes as well, but the body itself has eyes evenly spaced around the entire length of its coiled body. Every single eye on it is a piece of amber, matching size. They all appear to be present. More detail has been put into them. More care has been placed into their carving. Avantika continues curving around with a big, wide-eyed smile on her face. As she passes by it, she goes, "This is incredible." "I can only assume this is carved by the Ki'Nau." "That is correct." She continues curving around. Beau and Caduceus, as you walk to the other wall, that side of the chamber, there you see a curling, thick worm of some kind. Its folded skin and tooth-like scales burrowing up to produce mountains over the crowd, cliff faces made of stone and rock breaking and about to plummet into the crowd below. There beneath it you see three figures once more elevated, the same wreath around them of some sort of radiance or light. The people below don't seem scared. There's no sign of fleeing or fear, just a gathering. Within this large, terrifying, worm-like creature, its form bulbous with these strange protrusions, these spine-like scales that you can imagine would pull it through the broken earth, you see this ring of teeth that accentuates where its mouth is, and on the inside, where a tongue would be, there instead are three eyes across the inside of its mouth. These appear to be made of some kind of ivory, some polished, white material. The three figures all appear to be humanoid. They're not detailed enough to the point where you can see features to differentiate between elven, human, halfling. It's just silhouettes of three figures. You hear Avantika's voice echo from across the way. She goes, "These are the Chosen." She brings light over towards the one of Uk'otoa on the wall and goes, "I guess that makes this one "me?" She takes her finger and takes a little blood from the corner of her mouth from the fight and draws a little smiley face on one of the three. "And this one is you," and goes and draws another face on the middle one. "That is a very good question." "Only one, yes." "They were a very informative partner. They are the one that introduced me to the great "possibility of power under Uk'otoa. We traveled this ocean for quite a number of years together, "but they proved to be a coward. They took something important to our mission and vanished, "and I have spent many years trying to recover what they stole. With no luck. I figured it was more "worth my time to pillage enough coin to pay other people to find them for me. And so far, based on "the fact that it brought you to me, a much more successful endeavor, eh?" "This is very true. Well, it seems I may have some information. Let's get back to the ship, "eh? Let's finish our business here and let's talk over a glass of wine." "This is true." She begins to make her way towards the well at the center of the chamber. Glancing about at the pillars, you two can see within the shapes glowing runes that trace from ceiling to floor, then across the ground and all meet at the well. It's not technically a language. These are runes. These are glyphs of some kind. Make an arcana check. There are different epochs in historical time in which there have been advances and developments of arcane runes and sigils. There is the early basis of magical runes, which is a deviation of Draconic as a language, and then there are ways that they've been altered and made more efficient. These are very old, base, early Draconic runes. As such, they hold a lot more very primal magical power, and usually are reserved for larger rituals and magics that are meant to last for very long periods of time. The nature of the magic on these runes, from what you can tell, it's a little hard to get the direct essence, but there is some sort of an abjuration-based magic. You head on over to the other yuan-ti, and as you approach, the body lies there, tongue lolling out and drool and blood, a mixture of thick saliva mingling with the dark black-purple blood out of the corner of its mouth, its eyes wide open and rolled back. Its dark, thick green scales of its snake-like head and thick, muscular scaled torso all lie limp across the stone where it was slain. Its blade has clattered to the ground a few feet from its grasp and its polished marble and silver shield scattered a few feet from its form. The rest of its tail coils and is limp off to the side from there. Make an investigation check. Nice. You find on its body 26 pieces of gold. Only gold, no other pieces of coin on its body. The blade is a very, very large blade. It looks like it's well made, both for ceremonial purposes and for actual combat. It is both beautiful and very well made, and the shield itself is also exquisitely crafted and shows no signs of wear. Okay. At this point, Avantika's walked to the edge of the well and looks down into the space below. Do you really? She whips around as you do that and both her hand grabs your wrist to deflect it and you wrench your wrist free as a natural instinct and you both have this moment of-- MATT and He's still at the top of the stairs. He goes, "Well, for one thing, I was paid to go to "the temple, and no further. The fact that I have even come this far is because I need to claim my pay." Avantika goes, "Actually, I think ladies first." "May the best one win." She dives in. Okay, you jump in. First off, Caleb's distraction has given her quite a lead. She's a fairly accomplished swimmer and is making her way down. This well continues on for a good 70, 80 or so feet below. The water is cold. It is salt water. Right. You are swimming after her? Make an athletics check. You have advantage because the water is-- because of your armor, it's not giving you as much resistance heading south. You begin to close the gap slowly, but she's eagerly swimming down with almost a fervor. As you get deeper into this column, this basin below, the walls begin to grow thick with algae and grime like a thick-- It could be a plant matter that's just accrued over the walls, or it could be waste matter from the hydra in its home that has slowly congealed to cover the walls. The stone begins to give way to this dark, slick material. Once you hit about the 70, 80 foot point, the tunnel begins to open like a giant bulb or internal, spherical chamber. Role another athletics check. She's still keeping her distance from you. Heading deeper in, the saltiness of the water, the brininess, the flavor in your mouth gets more intense. What was once a semblance of sea water is definitively sea water, but also very strongly briny sea water. Make another athletics check. Correct. For you, because you have dark vision, you can see within 30 feet of you, essentially. As far as you look the chamber is-- No. Not at all. It's pitch black down here. That being the case, you don't see the bottom of the chamber, you just see it open-- And just her, but she's gaining. Just delving straight down into the darkness. Make another athletics check. 20, okay. She did not role that well that time. She's beginning to tire, it seems, or at least you're starting to pick up speed. As you continue to follow, you get probably 40 or so feet from her, but she's still ahead of you. Role again. Natural 20, nice! She rolled okay. You see, now, the bottom begin to approach. In the peripheral of your dark vision, the floor greets to meet you and you pick up enough speed to where you both impact the bottom of this chamber at the same time. You both hit. She looks up at you, and your eyes meet. A few bubbles escape from her mouth and you see her big, wide, toothy grin and she begins scraping grime off the floor. All right. Make an investigation check. 23! As the two of you are currently scraping bits of grime and algae off the ground, there are bits of plants that are growing up like lightless kelp that seems to have made some sort of a living down here in this subterranean, water-filled chamber. As you're pushing through and scraping around, your hand scoops this large bit of grime from in front of you and you can see a stone relief at the very base of the bottom, a concave, spherical shape about the size of a fist. She notices it, looks at it, looks at you. What are you doing? You can. You go and jam your hand and its hitting your armor. You have a full-on leather plate right there. It's about that big, and you can see it is concave. It's about the size of the stone that you'd found. You can. The falchion appears in your hand, and as you do this bright, yellow light is now emanating from the center of its hilt where the eye itself is glowing with its own lantern-like source. At which point Avantika is now rushing towards that thing. Make an initiative roll. Because you gave her enough time to get up right next to you and now we're going to see who gets to it first. Her hand-- she has now pulled the glove from her right hand. As you go to thrust the hilt of the falchion down towards it, you see her hand reach out and just manage to cover the little space first. As it does, you can see her body tense for a second, and where her hand is this bright, familiar yellow glow seems to now spread from between her fingers sending beams off in multiple directions. Her face looks aghast in shock for a second, and a large bubble escapes from her mouth. She looks over to you with this dazed look and pulls her hand back. There, in the palm, there's this large open wound where blood's beginning to cloud the dark water below. There, in the center of this hole, you can see one of the cloven stones there. At which point, a bunch of these runes begin to glow in three different directions from around the base, up the sides, up the chamber. The rest of you, looking around, suddenly see this dull blue glow begin to get brighter from within this well. You watch as these runes, that you guys didn't notice except for the two of you before, begin to suddenly glow up the sides. The three pillars suddenly begin to spiral and glow as all these runes come to life. Avantika pulls back and looks back at her hand, she looks back at you, her eyes blink for a second, and she just smiles and you hear this earth-shuddering, soulful crack sound rocks the entirety of the temple. Bubbles suddenly, this one burst of air that had been trapped in the ground below, is all immediately released as one and rises the water above. You can look around and see the interior of this; there is a heavy black crack in the stone of this chamber as you guys all hear this earth-shattering bam! Dust falls off the ceiling of this chamber from the inside. The pillars themselves still stand, but there are multiple places in this chamber now where these large black cracks now seem to have snaked their way in one instant burst across parts of the wall. The glowing runes blink out. Make an investigation check. You start pulling through the weeds and the kelp and the grime and-- nothing. It's all smooth stone except for this one little alcove that you found first. Avantika is now swimming frantically up towards the surface. Just trying to kick. She lost quite a bit of air. You go grab her? Okay. Make a grapple check-- make an athletics check. No, she kicks right out of your grasp. She looks back with an expression of surprise. Make a deception check. She looks confused and continues swimming upward, not reading too much into it. She continues to clamber up to the surface. The rest of you, as you're looking about, the surface of the water begins to spill over the sides of the well. He goes, "Yeah, okay, of course." Jester's like, "This is not very good. Where's Fjord?" She's looking over very nervously towards the pool, which now the chamber's rapidly filling. You're already at knee height. Okay, you guys, glancing down. Jamedi's back in the chamber, his eyes wide, goes, "We should "go. Bring her back, she owes me money!" As you guys all begin to climb up the stairs, the chamber is filling very quickly with the water. It's now reaching the base of the stairs, at which point, as you guys-- Beau, you and Jester, there's just enough water now where your buoyancy carries you off your feet and you're now actually treading water in the chamber. At which point Avantika makes it to the surface with a large gasp of air, and but a few moments later Fjord also breaks the surface. It's continuing to fill. The stairway that's leading upward, the water has now reached the base of the doorway, and you have a few moments, maybe six seconds or so before the doorway itself is completely filled with water. You're all going into a full swim here, double move, half speed for all of you guys, so it's going to take you a little bit. Except for you. You guys are already up there. As you all get to the stairway and make your way up to the top, the water continues to pour up, following behind you. You get to the stairs, and you're having to trudge through. You get up to the next, the secondary floor, and there you stand, with the walls that are partially relieved and covered, and there is the stone slab that is lifted up, and there's orchard before you. What do you do? Yeah, there is the fountain, but it has been-- It rose back up to the top when this chamber door was opened. Currently, no. It's raised up and closed off, the front, when you opened the doorway to get deeper into the basement. Make a perception check. With you, disadvantage because you are human. Yes. You can see the pillar that holds the fountain at the top, and there are the stairs, still part of it, and you can see where it's up there, but whatever mechanism, rocks-- Mm-hmm. The central chamber is now-- The water has now reached the base of orchard and is now filling. You don't know the button, you never found it. I don't know, who did? Okay, you go to the-- There are. As you can see now, the water that has begun to fill up the chamber is taking-- It's a little slower in here, because it's a much wider space now, but you can see eggs starting to flow, float out from the other chambers. The other two rooms were the two hatchery areas where you saw the larger eggs were set. Make an intelligence check. No, it's just straight bonus. You recall it was in the chamber where you're standing, and it's not too far from the stairs where you guys descended below. You look over to the side. Make a quick investigation check. You reach over, and you find it, and you hit it. The door slams shut and locks you in the room. You hear a grinding on the other side of the chamber of the fountain lowering. Nott, and everybody else who hasn't left that chamber, is inside. The only people that said they were leaving that room, I believe, were Caduceus, who was going up. So all of you are now locked in the chamber with Nott. You're all in the chamber with Nott, yeah. The fountain raises up, the chamber opens up again. Okay. You move around, you cast Mage Hand. The door slams shut, the two other doors slam shut. The chamber now is about waist high in water, and you watch as the pillar begins to slowly lower. It is a slow drag down. Okay. The stairway itself, if you recall, ends a little bit ways up, and there's a bit of a drop down to get to it. It slowly comes down and does meet the floor. There's a bit of a lip to get up there now, so if you ascend to the top of the staircase, there is about a ten foot or so jump where it is smooth walls before you can actually get to the top floor. Yasha goes over and gives you a boost. That gives you advantage on your acrobatics check to try and parkour up the stairs and leap off the sides. You leap, slide off the side and manage to fall down into the water next to it. You come out of the surface. The chamber is now halfway full, and it's almost starting to reach to the top. Mighty Caduceus. Yes. You're tall enough to the point where I'd say, because it's double the size, right? So you're 14 feet. You're not tall enough for the whole chamber, but you're tall enough to push people through. Alley oop-ing one after the other, you grab each person and lift them up. Like a little booster into the chamber. One by one, you guys all get up into the top now, and Caduceus, you're too big to get up-- You pull Caduceus up. You guys are now in the chamber, standing there, there's the stairs that lead up. At which point you hear footfalls, and you see coming around the corner down-- It seems that the sound of the resounding crack in this temple has drawn the attention of three yuan-ti. They turn the corner, you see one of them, two snake arms a familiar sight as one of the malisons comes down and two broodguard are there. What are you doing? The water is now spilling up past out of the hole, and now the top room is now starting to fill with water. You are. Go for it. At this point the water seems to have accelerated and has now filled the chamber. As you fire-- All right. Okay. You're now underwater. You take your last breath, and you've all completely been submerged in this chamber. The other yuan-ti you can see in the darkness below here, the only bit of light that you have are the globes still from you. Although, are those concentration? Yes. So you're casting Light on your stick. Okay. (laughter) Okay, the malison succeeds, the two broodguard fail. Roll damage on that. That is correct. 12 point of radiant damage, nice. All right. What was the roll you had to hit? 16. That will hit the malison. You do not get sneak attack, however. Nice. That finishes your go there. I'd allow it. Because we'll say you're like-- You were standing on the water so as you're leaning over the surface you're like squeezing it out. Nice. 11 points of damage, good. So, I now need everyone to roll initiative. Well, now you don't anymore. The water surface begins to crush underneath you and then you have to delve underneath as it meets it. It's filled up and it's now making its way up the stairs, towards the top of the temple. So, 25 to 20, anyone? All right. And roll for Yasha. 20 to 15. 15 to ten? Guys. (laugher) Nott and then Cad-- Caleb and Jester? Then Fjord at the bottom. Awesome. That was my Dante. That's okay, it just means you guys are now in the process of slowly drowning. It is-- Well, since they're not officially in this-- Now that we are in combat-- There is the nature-- Caduceus just made his way up there. There's Beau, and there's Jamedi. Top of the initiative order. Beau, you're up first. While you're in water, movement is considered difficult terrain. If I recall, attacks are made at disadvantage while in water. Those are the stairs that lead upward, yes. Yeah, that's an option. That is entirely an option you can do. There were holes above, but they were in the ceiling, and they were part of the stonework. Up top, there was an actual trapdoor that you had locked behind you. No. That you know of. There are holes above, which is where the sacrificial blood would drip through into the fountain. So, what are you doing, guys? Are you running first? You're swimming? (counting) Beau is also-- No, she's not out of the temple. She's heading up the stairs. She's out of the battle for the moment. So that finishes Beau's turn. It is now their turn. They both rolled really high initiative, and you guys rolled really terribly. The malisons closest are going to-- He is. Well, he's still within 15 feet of you. So at the top of his turn, he takes the save? All right. Natural 20 on its save, so it takes half damage. It still takes damage. So nine. This burst of radiant energy inside-- (growling) There's bubbles that escape from its mouth. It's going to come forward and take two swipes at you, Fjord, with both of its serpent hands. All right. That is a 16 to hit. And a natural 20, but it has disadvantage because it's in water. That is still a 19 to hit. You do manage to take-- from one serpent, you just manage to glide out of the way in the middle of the water. The second one, that is four plus three, seven piercing damage, including ten points of poison damage. Yeah. Unfortunately, no, because it's straight from the fangs in your bloodstream. It surges pain in your chest. You also lose a bit of air instinctively from the pain. So, consider now, your air supply is halved. Essentially, the DC is going higher when we start getting to that, depending on how long we're down here. That ends his go. Now it's the two broodguards. Broodguards. They're both already within the radius, so they both have to make wisdom saves. At the top of the turn. It's a different turn, so roll again. No, it's the top of their turn, it happens. Sorry, Spirit Guardians happens at the top of the turn, it doesn't happen immediately. Yeah, at the top of their turn. So the damage they would've taken this turn, they've already taken. So, we'll let that happen. Marking that down. Good to remember. They both move forward. One broodguard is going to attack you, Nott. It's going to do two claw attacks and a bite attack. Disadvantage on each, though. The first one is a 15? One claw attack just goes wide. The other one, 16. One claw. You manage to duck under one. The other one slams into the side of your body, pushing you through the water and down into the stonework, causing your hip to hit the side. That's going to do four points of slashing damage. This giant, serpentine mouth out of its weird, lizard-like body is going to strike out and bite you. Oh, two tens. That's 14 to hit. You manage to push up and jam your hand up into its jaw and keep it from biting you, and push it away. The other one's going up towards Yasha. Yasha was not raging. So the first one with disadvantage is 15 to hit? 15 hits. It's going to be a claw attack. Ooh, eight points of slashing damage. Next attack with a claw with disadvantage, natural one. That is a complete miss. Yasha takes one claw and (grunting) barely affects it. The other one, she grabs its hand in the middle of the grasp and pushes it back. She grabs her sword, ready now. As she is going to get her blade ready, it's going to bite towards the front of her jaw and chest. That is 17. She takes six points of piercing damage. That ends the broodguards' turn. Yasha's up next. Yasha's also lost quite a bit of air on that turn. Those two hits that hit her? Mark down two hits of oxygen loss on her. Keeping tabs on this. This will come into play in a bit, depending on what happens. She's right there. She's in melee with the broodguard, yes. She's in a rage? She has the reckless. Okay, so that just makes it a straight attack because she has disadvantage underwater. Definitely hits. Yeah, hits. That's just 2d6. That one's looking really bad. After the blasts that it took from the Spirit Guardians, and the two strikes from Yasha, you can see now there's a cloud of dark crimson in the water around it. It's thrashing about in pain. You can see it looking a bit woozy in the dark water. That finishes Yasha? You going to move at all? She can move around it. As long as she stays in melee, she can still move around. I got you. That's what I figured. That finishes Yasha's turn. Nott's up next. You had shot this one. You can drop it for the moment, fire it, and pick it back up. I'll let that happen. Because there is water, and it's already soaking. It's like-- (splashing, crossbow firing) I'll say, narratively, it makes sense. Melee spell attack. With disadvantage, yes. 15 hits. AC is 14. Eight points of damage to it. As you reach out and grab it-- (electric shock) You watch as its tongue retracts into its head and its eyes go wide. (pained noise) It loses some air, and it eventually shakes and pushes off your hand. You can do it, but you lose a bunch of air to do it. Yes, you do. This is as far as you can get. Swimming over-- That is your go, Nott. It is now Caduceus, Caleb, and Jester. You guys can decide amongst yourselves the order. (counting) That gets you about there. You're right about there on the steps. Swimming through the air. Okay, that finishes Caleb's go. What's Jester doing? She's engaged with this broodguard right there. That's a saving throw for him. What's the save? That is a 13. That does not do it. 2d12, I think. He's already taken damage. Casting the spell's a bonus action. Right, so yeah, you'd be up there. There you go. Thank you for the heads up on that. Ten points? Oof. Yeah, he's not looking good either. They're both looking pretty rough. She is currently-- Both of you, since you cast spells, mark five points of lost air. For the purposes of this challenge, to keep it interesting, five points before you're now starting to make-- is now considered how long you can hold your breath going forward. Each hit's a minute off the-- I'll have to look at how I worked it out here. Essentially, at this point now, Jester and Nott are going to have to start making constitution saving throws each round. That finishes Jester's go. She moves around over there, behind the side. Caduceus, what're you doing? Blight staff swing? Disadvantage on the attack. Okay, so you're going to swim up on top of the fountain. Is that all you're doing? Okay, ends Caduceus' go. Fjord, you're up. No. It's two Eldritch Blasts or two strikes. Go for it. Roll for attack with disadvantage. 16 hits. Roll damage on him. Nine points of damage, all righty. Still up. Hurt, but still up. Go for it. 16 hits again. Roll damage. 11 points of damage. That'll do it. You hear the dull impact of the Eldritch Blast, and the second (impact) under the water. In that flash of light, that second sickly, green glow flash in the water, one of the broodguards begins to float up limply towards the ceiling, no longer alive. That will get you right about there on the stairs. There you go, that'll do. You'll swim right there; that's perfect. It does get to swipe at you with disadvantage. That's going to be nine plus five, that's 14. It does! It scrapes across your shield as you swim away quickly, just barely making it! That finishes your turn, Fjord. Beau, you're up. You're going up the staircase, but you're part way up. Yeah, still filling, and it's still above you, like you can maybe catch up to the top if you want to. If you use your full movement, you'll get up to the top where the door is. Downstairs, you mean? You tie, take the crowbar and throw it behind so it's like (bouncing) and rolls partway down the stairs. Okay, with that, you'll make it all the way to the top. You get to the small inner chamber, which is now halfway to stomach-filled. Making it to the top, you look up and you can see there is-- it's a little bit crouch-down, there is the latch, and there is the lock mechanism beneath it. Yeah. You locked it behind you when you guys entered the temple. Somebody found the key. It was on one of the guys from the first encounter of this chamber. Well, it's their turn now. The malison going to make its saving throw. That's going to be a 14. What's the DC? 16? So roll full damage on that. 3d8. 16 points of damage. Ooh, he's looking really bad. When it comes to their turn. One of them's dead now. The other two, their turn's next. We'll get to that when he finishes his turn, but one of them is dead, so there's only one other guy. The malison, in a burst of angry pixies swarming around his body, is looking really hurt. As he moves around, the trail of blood stays in the water behind the head as it shifts around. Both of the serpent arms look up towards Caduceus, the source of these angry spirits, and is going to make two strikes against him. Because you're the one right there. That is 13 to hit? Second strike, that's a 12! It's like 18, six; 16, eight. Bad rolls! Both serpent strikes from its arms reach out towards you, and Caduceus, you're tiny enough right now. Although, are you still holding the tiny spell on Caduceus? Is Expeditious Retreat concentration? Okay, so you're regular form, and you bear down with the shield, and deflect both. Bits of green and pinkish lichen torn off and float away in the water away from the strikes. That finishes its go. The other broodguard has to make another save, that is a seven plus-- no, that does not make it, so full damage on the other broodguard. No, actually. 15 points of damage, that'll do it. This guy also sparks and dies in the water. That's Caduceus' spell. That finishes their go. Yasha's up. Okay. Got you. (counting) Then moving the rest way up, that will get her halfway up the steps. Put her there. Okay. Finishing Yasha's turn, Nott, you're up. Shades of the kraken battle returning. Jamedi has essentially just swam around this whole thing-- We'll say for the purposes of this, Avantika has, at this point, swept up and taken her turn that she should have taken before and is going to take three strikes against the malison. That's my own fault, but we'll see. With disadvantage. That's cocked. That still hits because its armor class is only 12. Ten points of damage. Second strike with the rapier, disadvantage. That does not hit! The dagger strike-- no. Misses again! Swinging out, piercing through the water with the rapier and the dagger and just to scrape across the side of its body but most of the strikes go wide and she's swimming around this way. No, she's still staying in combat. She moved around him but is staying engaged but is currently looking to make another opening and then dive off back towards the stairs. Nott, sorry, your turn now. At the end of your turn. You swim up a bit there. Go for it. Disadvantage on the attack. 15 hits, and engaged with allies. You do get sneak attack damage. Yeah. It's engaged with Caduceus and Avantika. How do you want to do this? As you do, you pierce past all the humanoid muscles across the neck and its shoulders. Immediately, the water before you fills with crimson. You can see it thrash for a minute, its serpent arms trying to reach behind to strike at you. You swim away as they go limp, and it begins to float up. So that's that. You still have a little movement left. That is about as far as you can get. With dash, you can get up there so you're with Fjord. Make a constitution saving throw, please. You are not drowning yet, but you're on the cusp. That ends your go, Nott. Caduceus, Caleb, and Jester, you're up. She's up with Fjord, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw for Jester. Caduceus, I need you to make one too. because you did cast a spell, Spirit Guardians, while underwater. She rolled nine total. Jester's drowning. You see her swimming. She's (choking) and begins kicking in the water before starting to-- You rolled an eight? Caduceus as well. They both swim towards the staircase and you see them both beginning to clutch at their throats. You used your full movement to get there. Next turn, you're going to be unconscious. Ending your go, Caleb, what are you doing? You can get up to the front there. It gets you to the last bit of air as it's about to hit the surface. At the end of this combat round, basically after Fjord, the chamber that Beau is in is now full. The water has filled the entirety of the temple. Yes. You do reach the door. Okay. Make a lock picking attempt. No, disadvantage because you're underwater. No, that's a failure. You're sticking, trying to get through it. No effect. Fjord, you're up. She is no longer drowning, but you have to make a con save at the end of your turn. That's your action to do that. You breathe some of your air into her. You still have movement. You make it halfway up. Actually, no, because you have full move, don't you? You get almost to the top. Not fully, but almost to the top. Constitution saving throw, please. You, sir, are considered drowning. Yes, you do. You're fine. That brings around to the top there. Beau, the water fills the gap. Okay. So you're going to pull Jester up? She's conscious, so you're going to get her closer? Sure. You go down. Takes you I'll say two movements to get down there and you pull her part way up. Are you using your ki point for step of the wind? Last ki point will do that. That will get her halfway up the stairs because I'm saying pulling her, the dragging motion, is half movement. So that will get you down to her. Yeah, you'll get her part way up the stairs, about halfway up toward where the top chamber is. It did. Okay, no. I would say that there was enough air. Thank you. So you're fine. Ends Beau's turn. That brings us to Yasha. Avantika has also swam up and Jamedi is now gathering as well. Jamedi and Avantika both grab Caduceus' body, who is drowning, and begin pulling him up the stairs behind them. Yasha gets up there to the top. Yasha's now in there, waiting there in the chamber. There's the gate below getting ready, looking around, trying to get people to move upward. That finishes her go. Nott. You use half your movement to catch up to Jester, where Beau is, and then you grab her with the little bit of movement. You move her an additional five feet before your movement is done. You can attempt to bonus action dash. You get another 15 feet. You get her near the top of the staircase on the top floor. That ends your turn, Nott. Now it is Jester's, Caleb's, and Caduceus' turn. Caduceus. You are unconscious. I need you to make a death save at the top of your turn. I need to keep reminding myself that death saves are at the top of the turn, not in the-- Success on the save. That finishes Caduceus' turn. Caleb and Jester. Between all of you guys, Jester and you all manage to make your way up the top and Jester's turn-- Jester fumbles through her sack, pulls up the key and gets it. So-- This is how the ending of the first Poseidon movie should have happened. (laughter) Because all of this water pressure just built up at the top of this temple suddenly released as the latch and this geyser of water thrusts all of you rapidly out the top. You all get shot about a good 15, 20 feet up. You have a look down at the temple, which you can now see these large cracks that have set in the sides where bits of water are pouring out through small cracks. Now this large geyser thrusts in the air and you all began to plummet and fall. Okay. Perfect. As you all begin to drift down, the geyser slows, the pressure releases, but now water is just pouring out of the sides of the temple and it's completely flooding the city. You watch as yuan-ti that are rushing up the side of the temple are washed down into the basin that is now the center of the city streets. You can see now that the city is being thrust up the side. Some have moved to the top of buildings and are glancing up and seeing you guys as you begin to descend. Now you're about to hit the top of this, and there is now a perpetual flow of water coming out of the top of this temple. What are you going to do? On the sides of it. You guys are just slowly drifting down towards what's essentially a raging-- Rapid water slide on all ends. Correct. Okay. Yeah. No, because we haven't gone to his turn yet. You've begun drowning and you guys got thrust out, so you managed just catch your breath because it didn't come back to your turn yet. That very next turn, before Jester got it opened, you've would have been down. So you just caught your breath-- The very last minute. Basically, as the darkness began to take your vision, you are thrust out and your eyes go wide again as you see this sunlight above you as your air rushes back into your lungs and then suddenly begin to drift slowly down looking below-- you can see the city and the entire landscape of this strange village below you. So what are you guys doing? They are on all sides. Like the entire city surrounds the temple. You guys only came up on one side. The water is pouring down on all sides. Any spells that's concentration is lost. Okay. So as you all begin to slowly drift and try paddling your way through the air, I'm going to say for the purpose of this, we'll make this a group skill check. Everyone, make a dexterity check to try and comb your way through the air enough. Using your body to try and guide your plummeting. Two successes, failure. You're fine. Success. Three successes, one failure. Jester-- Success on Jester. For Yasha? Success, all right! So only one fail. As a group, that is a group success. So you all manage to just-- Yep, and both Jamedi and Avantika are fine. So, you all manage to just barely push your way in a certain direction, you all begin to drift down-- Yeah, slowly making your way through, until eventually the surface of the water, the rushing sound gets louder and louder as you all strike it! As you do, it carries you down in this rapid Goonies-style waterslide, you're all coasting down the side of the stones, and elements of the stone just barely scraping and clipping the back of your butt and your back and you're like "Oh god!", it's not enough to damage you but you're going to be bruised as shit in the morning, but you're coasting down, you can see as the city is coming towards you, the water is now pouring through and snaking through the city-- no pun intended-- there are groups of yuan-ti that have clamored up onto the buildings and are currently trying to pull themselves out of the water and help others get up out of the middle of this strange flood that has taken over the center of their civilization. It's still pouring out of the temple it seems. Orly's vengeance! You guys coast down, you hit the bottom, and you can see now where the water hits and it snakes through, it curves back to the right and the left, which path are you going to try to guide towards? You have an unconscious, sledding furbolg. You do it's like (brrrrrrrrr). It's almost like curling! Yes you would, so you're guiding and shouting directions? Caleb's guiding you guys, you guys move around the side, riding the water. At this point the flood of water begins to subside a bit. It's still guiding you through, but you can see now the initial burst and rushing of the rapids is not a continuous thing, there is some sort of a tapering to it. You guys just managed to have been there for the initial burst. At this point you guys coast around one side, come round and you're now going down to the center of the street where you previously hid and basically like muscled two of them into a doorway after stabbing and killing them rapidly. You're now gliding through the street along with the flow of the water, trying to keep above the surface. Caduceus being pushed along by little Nott, going (thudding). At this point, from one of the nearby building tops, you see two of these centurion yuan-ti see you guys pass beneath, begin giving out a call, and then shouting over in their direction pointing towards you. Your presence is now aware to at least a handful of nearby yuan-ti. Their weapons were either lost in the stream or not wielded of course, but they're beginning to pull out their things. You guys continue to ride this forward, you're leading the path, the way you can go. I need everybody to make a general acrobatics check to try and guide their body through the water in the direction that Caleb is shouting. This is a group check. Those count as double successes. Still good. You guys got this shit, like I don't even-- yeah, you're just out. I think-- what did she roll? I'll say with that higher roll, she's been able to make her way over towards the side of you guys, coasting along-- All righty, so Jester just manages to just make it over to the edge of you as the water, which was about maybe, with the flash flood about three and a half, four feet deep, is now descending to about two foot. So some of you, your feet manage to catch the floor beneath, but the water is still rushing rather fast, you can continue to just go with the flow of it, or try and gather your footing, but it's up to you. You can cast Cure Wounds on Caduceus. A d4 plus-- So go to roll d4 plus your wisdom modifier. Sorry, d8 for Cure Wounds. You're at five hit points, you come into consciousness, on a sled over water. Yes, when you're drowning it brings you to zero hit points. Riding the water eventually you guys manage to keep it going. Are you going with the water, or are you fighting it? Mostly, yeah. So you just continue with the flow of it, the flow eventually comes to a stop on the outside of the city, maybe about 15 or 20 feet from the treeline where you first entered. Okay. As a note, all the makeup has been washed off. Sorry. As you guys are rushing towards the treeline, you hear the shouting in the distance. You glance over, now that the water level has stopped you can look behind, and you can see probably two dozen or so yuan-ti have now begun to give chase. They're about a hundred feet behind you, but they saw you exit and they're on their way giving chase. Now we're turning this into a skill challenge chase as you guys are making your way through. As you guys are now charging into the jungle, you're not doing stealth, so your speed isn't as slow, which took you a day and a half or so to traverse this jungle to the center, unless you want to keep stealthy, if it's charging through-- Full speed, great. We have six rounds of this challenge. Correct, success and failure do different things. Who wants to offer something to help in this skill challenge? Much like the resurrection challenge in this game, think of a creative way that you can help your progression. It depends on what you want to do. You're still under 10 minutes, yes. Okay, I will say for that, make a survival check with advantage. That's one-- that's two successes on that one! We'll add to that. So keeping a close eye, Caleb is darting ahead, into the jungle, shouting out various issues. Jamedi is trying to keep up with you but behind is also helping you keep an eye and shouting out traps that he had helped you bypass before and making sure you guys don't fall off the path that you had made your way through that he had set on his map beforehand that had avoided the bigger dangers in the jungle. Between the two of you, you manage to get a fair bit in there, and the sound of the chasing yuan-ti does not seem to be getting louder, which is good. That's one, who does the next offer? Okay, Yasha going to push at the front, which, with a higher speed than you, she can definitely do, and begin to carve through swarths of the jungle to make it an easier passage. For her, make an athletics check, please. Straight up, unless she's raging. Okay, I'll allow that for this. That's a success. Yasha's now ahead of the group, she's carving through, you can see there are bits when you come up to the front, where there is just dense clusters of tangled vines where the path you are taking-- Caleb stops you at the front, because you deviated a little from the path where you were because you were running too fast. At this point, you're not used to this level of acceleration for an extended period of time. Right at the end of your Expeditious Retreat, right as the spell is about to fade, you come to that group of vines. At that point you're about to spin and warn everybody, and all you see is this blur of Yasha carve through them. They all fall to the ground, the path before you is open, she goes "Go!" All of you just keep running in that direction. Yasha's continuing that, who's taking the next bit? Yeah, rumble of thunder you can do, it has limitations to the sound you can make, but you can make a rumble of thunder. Oh, "such as--" I misunderstood what you're saying. Yeah, there are certain sounds you can make, the sound of a whole group-- Okay, so rustling in the bushes, it makes sense. Make a deception check. 15? That's just barely a success. All right, so with that, you hear the chanting sounds, the war cry of yuan-ti behind you, and it begins to divert slightly, getting them off track just a little bit. All right, who's taking the next bit? Who hasn't offered one? There's six stages of this. From what you can tell, not at the moment, but if you wanted to use your turn to do something to see if somebody is. What do you want to do? Your crit earlier gave a lower DC for the next check so that helped out tremendously. Okay. As a note, you're in a lush jungle-- Probably not going to do much on this, that's a hard, smooth floor type scenario. I mean, you can if you want to. No, not at the moment. You have a second level spell to use? The glove? Yeah you do! That's right, okay. Okay, this is a combined maneuver here. I'd say for the success of this, this is going to be a combination of your-- make a roll with your ranged spell attack-- Yeah, you can go ahead and make a general strength roll. Nice roll! Okay, you manage to lob it behind with a fair amount of strength so it goes about ten, 15 feet behind you. Okay, it does a little whirl. It (whoof) through the air and bounds a bit into the jungle behind you. Are you detonating it just 15, 20 feet behind you? Or are you waiting for something else to come out? Correct, but they're not visible yet though, you don't know where you are. Okay, what did you roll? You do. What was the second one? Sorry, 20 and 12 were the two highest? Got you, okay. So the two hit, so roll damage. The damage is going to be important here, because it is a waterlogged container of black powder and may not be enough to truly ignite or cause an explosion here, or burn through the barrel. We'll see. It's intact yeah, but it's wet. It's soaked through a little bit. This isn't a beer barrel. That'll be enough. All right, so as it darts behind, you watch the vision of Caleb spinning behind and releasing the glove in front with these three arcs of flame. One of them hits a nearby bush and sets it aflame. The other two, one of them hits the barrel and sends it arcing once more, and the second one hits; it detonates and you guys feel this blast of hot wind behind you as your hair gets blown before your face. The entire jungle around you lights for a moment with bright, yellow-white light, and there in that space now is a couple of trees that have now set aflame, and a section of darkened crater on the ground where the barrel was. The loud blast echoes across the jungle of the island around you. I'll consider that a success. You guys keep rushing. You assume, wherever the yuan-ti were, they're a little unsettled by this large explosion in the direction of where they're travelling, and it slows them down a bit as they try and coast around the area where the damage is. However, there seems to be a lizardmen hunting party now, that is in the jungle a little ways ahead of you. You guys have been running for the better part of two hours now; it's a ways through this jungle to get back to the shore. So first and foremost, I need everyone here to go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, please. Good. Okay. You take a point of exhaustion there, Caleb. Just barely succeeded. One point of exhaustion. All right, you're fine. Avantika takes a point of exhaustion. All right. You guys continue onward, since you're just running through this jungle best you can, full sprint, it manages to keep ahead but there is a threat of exhaustion as you continue to move. So, you now begin to hear the sound, this familiar clacking (guttural noises) sound of the lizardmen that you saw in the jungle before. Who's doing what? You're still doing it. You had four total successes in the round, you had one critical success which improved-- You don't see them there, but you hear them in the direction you are. Apparently the noise and the explosion caught the attention of a nearby lizardmen hunting party. So you're doing the exact same thing with a different item. It's going to have a higher DC but you can do it. It's your call. I'm just saying, it's something you can do. You want to do it? No no, it's a great suggestion! I'm just letting you know, progressively doing the same thing over and over again, it's going to continue to raise the DC. It's a cantrip. Cantrips don't have all that power there. There you go. Anybody else? Okay. Two lizardfolk in the group now, all right. Doesn't have to be abilities, it can be just whatever you think you would do in the area to help. You heard the hunting call of them. Yes, somewhere in the front and to the right of where you were as you guys were running through the jungle. Okay, are you guys stopping for Nott, then? Okay. Yes you do, with advantage because of your cloak. Okay, so you are successfully stealthed, this is not technically a success because this isn't actually helping the endeavor, but you do manage to move ahead, and at your speed you come upon the hunting party. You can see now, there are about six lizardmen with nets, shields, and spears that are currently making their way in the direction of near where your party is currently waiting for you. The more time that passes, the closer the yuan-ti get to your party. Four of them have shields and spears, and two of them have spears with nets, and the other ones have nets apparently tucked behind their back. They're out here to catch and drag things back. Okay, make an arcana check. Yes. This is to see if you can influence the magical nature of your cantrip strong enough to try and trip up one of them. Okay, that's barely a success because that's not a very effective plan, necessarily. One of them gets tripped up in the net and the other ones look back at it and start clacking at it and they're complaining about the one guy that fell behind like an asshole and is slowing down their trajectory. Not a lot of distraction. You can return, you figure you bought a little bit of time for your party but not much. Okay. Okay. You all continue following Caleb. They are now seemingly turning on you. (snarling) All right. You're darting through the jungle-- Kind of in the adjacent direction. Okay, no worries. They're giving chase, they're following behind you, they know this jungle very well and can traverse it very easily. However, you're quick, and you're small. For that, we'll say two of them throw ranged spears at you. That's a 15 to hit? And a 12, nope. Both spears (impact) to the nearby trees and you keep running trying to make it through. Eventually, you hear the sound of-- Yeah, (gulping) as you're going. You hear the footfalls breaking through of nearby brush and glance over, afraid to see yuan-ti and you can see the shapes of your group, maybe 25 or 30 or so feet to your left. Not at the moment, you guys are just running. I mean, the lizardmen you knew were off to the front and right, and you guys darted at an angle, and you're guiding them still in the direction toward the-- No. Yeah, you haven't seen any of the yuan-ti, you've gotten enough gain on them, but they've gotten a bit closer, but they haven't appeared yet. No, you're just-- Correct. You guys continue to run, continue to run, continue to run-- Everyone, make another constitution saving throw please. Yasha takes a point of exhaustion, Fjord barely succeeds. DC goes up by two every time we do this. 20? Success. Secondary point of exhaustion, your speed is now halved. Caleb is now winded, and now starting to drag the group back a bit. Ten, point of exhaustion, Caduceus. Anyone who has one point of exhaustion, your ability checks are at disadvantage right now. Two points, your speed is halved. I will make this one of your checks. Make an athletics check. You have disadvantage because-- Okay, so you share the idea with Yasha, Yasha's going to attempt to-- Does Yasha have a point of exhaustion? So disadvantage on her athletics check. One second please, because this is going to attribute to her-- 19! That's a success. That puts us at six total successes-- --across the checks here. Yasha throws Caleb fireman-carry over the shoulder and you guys begin running and running and running. For this next additional hour now, as you guys are charging through, following the path, we'll say you've gone three or four hours of straight sprint through the forest. Sprint, stop, run. You're breathing heavy, you're sweating profusely, your body is aching, your mouth is just filled with the worst cottonmouth, you're dehydrated. You can hear the yelping of approaching lizardmen and yuan-ti as you see the light begin to slowly break ahead of you, through the trees as the treeline begins to thin, and the faintest bit of blue is visible. Within a few more moments, you break through the treeline and you've found yourself back to the white sand beaches of Urukaxl. There, as you come out to the sand, the hot reflection of the sun against the light. You can see now the sun is close to setting at this point, the sky itself has gotten slowly darker as you've moved past. The white beaches have now come to a faint dull yellow and orange with the coming sunset light. Nott emerges from the nearby brush. She's catching up with the rest of you guys. You guys look and there are the two rowboats that are still right where you left them. Okay-- I will say, roll an arcana check for me. Unfortunately, as a cantrip, the perpetual fiery quality of it, it can do bursts of damage and plops of flame but unfortunately, the treeline here is too humid, the air here is too wet and none of the trees are catching. However, you manage to get over, Yasha throws you onto one of the two rowboats, you guys get on, too. At this point, you can now see, breaching one side of the treeline, the yuan-ti, the other side, a group of lizardmen. They come to a head and look at each other and look at you. Half of each group charges at each other-- --while the other half begins to charge towards the rowboats. They're about 40 feet away, it's a 40 foot rush. (cannon fire) Bursts of sand, columns of sand go flying into the air, and you watch as one lizardman (scream), a yuan-ti bursts off to the side. You look over, you can see the flashes of light on the sides of the Squalleater-- --as volley after volley of cannon fire is blown towards the edge of the shoreline. A couple close calls, as it's not a perfect aiming implement. You see as-- you dodge out of the way as (splashing) big burst of water. Some of the yuan-ti dive into the water and are now swimming through, trying to come back-- you can see their serpentine bodies making their way in your direction. Hitting in the water as you do. Eventually, you guys get far enough away from the edge, it becomes less advantageous for them to focus on you and than to focus each other. Through the cacophony of explosions and the rest are wrestling the much larger force of both the lizardpeople that live on this island and the yuan-ti that have given chase are now focused on each other and this conflict is now spilling back into the jungle and away from the beach. As you all, very sore, make your way towards the Squalleater, and now you can see, offshore, The Mist, or The Mistake, has also been pulled off the shore, seemingly repaired enough to be at least semi-serviceable, though it's only been a day or so and the repairs probably aren't long-haul permanent, but for the first time, in a very, very long time this day, you all take a deep breath, some of you taking a short nap, as you row yourself to the sunset over the distant far shores of the ocean, towards the ships that mean safety-- and that's where we're going to take a break. (groaning) Okay then, damn! I don't either. Anyway! Friends, we're going to go to our break here in just a moment, we'll return but in the meantime, we have another Wyrmwood giveaway. This fantastic, delightful padauk dice vault, which is magnetized, opens up to keep all your dice, possibly even a couple miniatures in there, well-kept, beautiful orange color for the Halloween season that we're still celebrating today, damn it! So, to enter this, you need to jump over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, and enter the keyword once. The keyword is, hydra. H-Y-D-R-A. We'll come back at the break for a winner, once again, only people in the United States and Canada, excluding Quebec, can enter, we're working on it. But. We'll come back with a winner here in just a moment so sit tight, be right back. (cheering and groaning) [break] (laughter) So. We have a winner of the fantastic padauk dice vault, I believe that's how it's pronounced, or not. I might be messing it up. But. Regardless, the winner is fmiller8. fmiller8, congratulations-- We'll get this vault sent out to you ASAP. (cheering) Nope. Because you're rowing to the ship and there's still the occasional (cannon fire) of the final shots sent off to deflect any interest in following or pursuing you towards the boats. As you guys are trying to make some distance here, you look over at Avantika, who has her one ungloved hand, you can see the gap where the open wound, there's just a little bit of blood trickling down her forearm where the eye once was. She looks at it, closes her fist, closes her eyes, and you feel the rowboat suddenly pick up speed, and you watch as the water and the waves now give an additional thrust like the ocean itself is rising and pushing the boat forward and you watch Avantika open her eyes and smile and looks over at Fjord and goes, "Well, better luck next time, huh?" The boat is now speedboating across the surface of the water, the other rowboat left behind in its wake. One die roll. (laughter) As you approach the outskirts of the Squalleater. The rope ladders are thrown over the edge, down into the water. With that, you all eventually climb up onto the top as some of the crew goes over to retrieve and ratchet up and bring the rowboats back onto the ship. Now you all clamber onto the deck of the large ship and take a moment of respite and breather as your-- the crew of the Squalleater there awaits. You can see there Bouldergut, the large ogre chief, stands there, arms crossed, with the stretched leather tunic now strapped on each side of her torso. Avantika rises and Vera waits, her right-hand, soothsayer-like assistant, or for this, would be considered the deckhand and spiritual leader of this ship. Yes, you may. I took mine off. (laughter) That's true, if there was any of us I would not be able to truly-- be certain-- Yeah. (laughter) It's okay. So, as you all bring yourselves onto the ship here, Vera approaches Avantika and helps her to her feet and says like "So, how did it go? Tell us." Avantika shows her hand, "Twas a "resounding success. I would say that our new compatriots have proven their worth with flying "colors." She goes and gives a (clapping) ow, ow, ow, ow, ow-- (laughter) At this point Vera says, "Captain, at this moment, it appears that we have maybe 11 days of "supplies, given that our crew has now swelled. As such, we could probably make it back to Darktow to "also complete the repairs on The Mist, as it is seaworthy, but I do not know how long. So that "would be my recommendation. Maybe making a stop or two along the way, whatever's close by." The "captain considers. "Very well, I guess we'll make our way westward onto Darktow to get repairs done, "to supply up, and should you wish to stay, make our way to the next leg of our journey. Who knows? "It seems that you are up for your own rewards to be reaped, eh?" "Of course. Well, these gifts are paltry. Once Uk'otoa is truly free, then the true blessing "can be given." "I have a lead on someone that should be in Darktow that would be able to-- with the right "amount of coin-- give us the information we seek. Hopefully. If not, we'll be sitting here with our "thumbs up our asses, but I've paid well enough, and this person has come through before, so "fingers crossed, eh?" "Regardless, I think we could all use a bit of rest, eh?" Looks over to Caduceus. "Understood. Get Jeremiah to get food cooking immediately. I think a fine meal and a full night's rest is in order. Friends, I'm impressed, and I'm thankful that you've not only upheld your side of the bargain, you proved yourselves as quite formidable mercenaries. I mean no disrespect to some of my crew, but when we get back to Darktow--" She looks at some of the crew. "Turn around." Some of them-- "Maybe we'll deal with some trade off, eh? Send some of them over to The Mist and maybe you'll stay with me for a while." "Very well. Then we will get some sleep and on the morrow we will discuss how much money we can make together. We'll probably make a stop or two along the way, if you're interested. Bring up the map and see what you want to do. When we've had a bit of rest, maybe a glass of wine." "All right. Go, rest, sleep. I shall do the same." She walks back into her quarters, Vera staying there on the deck. Jamedi makes his way down to his quarters. What would you like to do? You can find a bit that seems a little more remote, but there are deckhands; there are folks that are always keeping watch. You come to Jeremiah. You eventually start shouting until you find Jeremiah. Jeremiah is this mid-40s halfling fellow. Pale, but well-dressed in colorful silks and vibrant makeup. From some of the theater productions you've seen, he seems almost made up for the stage, but just a cook. Big smile, big curled, waxed mustache, hair parted and curled on the sides, light brown, auburn hair. Portly halfling fellow, and as you're shouting his name, he goes, "Hello? Are you looking for me?" "I'm Jeremiah. What's your name?" "Beau, yes. You're one of the new kids. I am making food. Would you--?" "Fine, here you go." He hands over a somewhat stale loaf. "No, they are being prepared, and I wish not to serve something that is unfinished." (sighs) Grabs a thing of wine, a small jar, and says, "You can fetch your own water." All right. You guys patiently wait for Beau to return with a stale-- It was just sitting in a pool of water, and you found that amongst other piles. It seemed to be less of a temple and more of a scavenged artifact amongst a merrow den that was expanding beneath the swamp. Roll a history check. This would be history, technically. Actually, history or religion. You recall tales-- I mean, there are many powerful creatures that have existed throughout history, entities that are either elemental in nature or are primal forces of power. There are some that are guardians of the world, some that are guardians of the elements within their own planes. There are many types of horrors and protectors throughout history. Thinking back to some of your studies, both historically and in cracking the tome of the occasional religious thing against your better will in your classes, there are some entities that were left in the wake of the Divergence avatar-like entities, or at least creations that were meant to be an extension of the power of the gods. Some of them are guardians in the world, some of them still remain true to the religions or the gods that created them. Some, over time, have found their own interests. Some have grown obsessed with their own power without their creator and master to chastise or watch over them, and see themselves as a new god, even. Thinking back, you don't have all the information, but you do know that-- thinking back to the murals and things you've heard about Uk'otoa being said, Uk'otoa was worshipped by the Ki'Nau, which were the indigenous people of the Menagerie Coast and the Swavain Islands in the vicinity. Uk'otoa was one of these avatar entities that was created by Zehir, the Cloaked Serpent, to be one of its many ambassadors of power and one of its greatest warriors in the conflict of the Calamity. Essentially. When Zehir and the rest of the betrayer gods were banished along with the other prime deities, they were now the most powerful beings on the surface of Exandria. As such, new religions began to spring up around them. The Ki'Nau of this area took to worshipping Uk'otoa, and Uk'otoa began to preside like the next best god there was. You get the sense that these other two entities might be similar relics of this time powerful beings created before or during the Calamity and then left with their gods now sealed away to become forces of power of their own. You don't know if they've been sealed in the same fate that Uk'otoa was. But based on what you saw in that temple, they seem to be connected or at least, have similar structure of worship. If you were to find a place of deep research, you could probably find more information about these entities, yes. Yasha puts her hand on your shoulder and says, "Faith is a funny thing. Be careful where you place it. It can give strength, or it can lead to terrible things." Fuming. So you guys all go to rest? All right. You guys go to rest. You head your way to the captain's quarters? All right. You head to the door. It's closed. (knocking) For a moment, you hear this sound of rushing water. Okay, it opens up. It's the normal office den set up, but there's the balcony out back that opens up, and there on the balcony, Avantika is standing on the balcony and there's this column of water that is rising up out of the ocean. She's nude. It's washing her. She's in the process, in the throes of manipulating this water. She's learning whatever this new gifted power that she has. Her hair is twirling up into the stream and it's this beautiful almost-dance between her and this elemental force that she now has. She looks back over her shoulder at you, knowing that you've been there for at least a couple minutes. "I'll be just a moment." Eventually the water splashes down and off the side. She walks back out of the night air and pulls her hair up and ties it off. She takes a little silk robe and places it over her and sits down. There are already two glasses places on the table. She uncorks it and pours two glasses. "To our success in time, eh?" "This is true." Not the best wine you've had, but it's serviceable. "I am excited for you to experience this." "I've only but scratched the surface, and I've never felt a connection like this with the "sea that has been my life. It's incredible. I can only do it in bursts, but I can cause it to swell "and move and part and flood and shift. It's-- (sighs). Soon." She reaches out and touches the top of your hand. "Soon. I promise. Now, we were talking before and I think it's only fair." She takes another big sip. "Your blade is very interesting. I knew one other who had a blade very "similar. Referred to it as the Sword of Fathoms." "The previous chosen." "His name was Vandren." "A fine sailor and a foolish coward he ended up to be, but he was the one that... opened my eyes "to the destiny of Uk'otoa. We traveled together for a number of years before he just abandoned and "absconded with something important. I've been trying to find out where he went, but he is very "slippery. Wherever he is, either what you have in your sword is what he took away or wherever he is "he has the third with him." "He carried the same blade." "It is very much in our interests. We were going to go and visit this very island some time "ago when he was the only one to have one of these orbs." "Well-- I had to kill a number of men. It was being auctioned off in Port Damali, and there "was a collector. Word had gotten to us that this artifact was sold off to this individual. Well, "needless to say, he put up a bit of a struggle." "Thankfully this collector enjoyed nights long at sea and that happens to be our specialty. "His corpse now adorns one of the many beautiful islands and now I have this beautiful reminder." The hand, you can see, it's now mostly healed over, but there is a scar where this orb once resided in her palm. As you're pacing, she talks towards you. "It's very interesting that you carry the same "blade as Vandren did and come to me with what could very well be the same orb. Do you know this "one? This Vandren?" Make a deception check. "Hmm." "Who else was on this ship with you?" "Who was your captain?" She smiles. "I appreciate that you are a very accomplished liar. But so am I. The only "reason why I still sit here before you with the dozen or so scars I carry is because I have been "very keen at seeing through the same skill." "You know Vandren, don't you?" "And he was on this ship that you shipwrecked on, eh? Do you remember where this "storm was?" "Do you remember where the storm was?" "That sunk the ship you were on?" "This was the last time you saw Vandren?" "I don't necessarily-- I have not seen Vandren since he absconded with this-- many "things. But he will not travel with both that sword you carry and the orb he stole from us. So "wherever that ship has sunken, there's a very good chance that it has the third missing orb. Do you "remember where the ship sunk?" She reaches out and pulls out a map and rolls it out on the table in before you. Put your map up. Yes. You do recall, actually. It was somewhere coming back along this trade route and somewhere in this space the storm had blown through. This is where it sank and you washed up-- Darktow's over here. You washed up on this island, here. You guys are over there at Urukaxl. You washed up over here, so the storm was in this vicinity. "Then, my friend, I think we are going to do even more amazing things together." "I have been patient this long. I can be patient a bit further. Very well." She leans forward with the wine glass, very close, and goes, "It's been a very long day. I think rest is in order?" She takes a big, long drink of wine, sets it down. "Well, there are ways to complete a hopeful "future pact together. Many different ways." (laughter) Man, all right. Quickly, her hand grabs the back of your head and pulls you in. She's a very powerful woman, and you find yourself very quickly overpowered. You are allowed to-- (laughter) No, I'm never going to do that in a game. Sure, go for it, then. That's your own-- (in despair) No... No... I wouldn't call it a romantic evening, but a very-- Union of two business partners of a similar goal. And we fade to black. You do fall asleep together. Unless you choose to not wish to. I know. Roll a stealth check. All right. You carefully and quietly tiptoe your way through the hallway to your assigned quarters, of which you are sharing with whom? TRAVIS and One eye slowly opens as you are keen to be somewhat aware-- living alone, out in the dangerous wood-- to any sort of aberrant noise in the vicinity. You hear the faint creak of very gentle footsteps as Fjord makes his way into your chambers. You? Yeah. (giggling) As you all rest, a long rest at sea, as the Squalleater and The Mistake make their way towards Darktow to the far west, we'll end tonight's game there and pick up there next week. Also, everyone levels up. Everyone's level seven now. (exclamations) To that degree, while I have you guys here, let's roll some hit points for those who are present. Over the next couple of days you will because this is a multi-day travel to get to Darktow, so your points of exhaustion will be gone by the time it matters. It's your head, man. We reroll ones for hit points. It's better. There you go, Nott. I reroll ones for hit points, because rolling a one for hit points at a level up is the fucking worst. What'd you get, Caleb? Four more hit points. Six points to you. To be fair, you guys have been rolling fucking great for hit points for many levels. It's time for there to be some balance. No! Take a good one, dude! (growling) I rolled good at hit points. This is bullshit! You're so weird, Sam! How does it feel cheap?! But I reroll ones because--! I already said it. As a player, it's the worst feeling. Two sucks still, but it doesn't suck as much as a one. That's how I do it. All right, guys. We're not going to sit here and subject you guys to us leveling up at the table-- although I'm sure there are a few that would love to see it. We got the important part out for you guys. We'll pick up here next week to see what's in store for the company of the Squalleater, of which the Mighty Nein have joined. The union of partnership of Captain Avantika and Fjord and the imminent Darktow in your future.