Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. So welcome, Travis and all of you guys. Before we jump into tonight's game, let's get through some announcements real fast, so hang tight with us for a moment. First and foremost tonight, our fantastic returning sponsor for this campaign beginning and the foreseeable future, until they decide to vanish in a puff of smoke It is D&D Beyond! (cheering) Of course it is. Oh wow! Thank you, Sam, and we're sorry. Also, as a quick note for you guys, they've begun posting article content on DnDBeyond.com, which has been awesome. We've done video content before. Now they're doing article content as well, editorial, which our very own James Haeck, who you may know helped me with the Tal'Dorei campaign guide, a fantastic writer and a good friend of the show, is doing stuff there now. He's officially on board with D&D Beyond, and he's doing the campaign two summaries right now for the Critical Role campaign. Those episode recaps will be posted every Friday! Check them out! So awesome congratulations to you, James, and if you haven't checked it out, please do, because he's amazing. That's DnDBeyond.com! DND not D&D. Next up, reminder for you guys who have Amazon Prime with Twitch Prime. You can subscribe to any channel on Twitch for free each month. You get one which you can grab for free. Just connect your Amazon Prime and your Twitch account and it's a little button press and there you go. That's awesome. Talks Machina hosted by Brian W Foster, whom I'm tempted to mess up his name every week because apparently I really-- Anyways, he hosts our fantastic Talks Machina wrap-up show about today's episode next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific here on Twitch and Alpha, so check it out there and check out whatever cast members show up to dish the dirt and shoot the shit and whatever else involves doing something and something. You got it. Daylight Savings Time hits the US on Sunday. Well, it's on the list if it's not. I don't know anymore. So check out WhenIsCriticalRole.com for an update on when Talks Machina and Critical Role will be live in your timezone if you aren't lucky enough to be living in the Dark Ages like America is when it comes to keeping track of your time. The podcast episode of last week's episode of Critical Role is available now for all your fine downloadable podcast purposes. And there's no giveaways tonight from Wyrmwood, but congratulations to our friends at Wyrmwood on the success of their Adventurer's Arsenal Kickstarter and to all of the guys who supported it. It looks really awesome and to all the critters who supported it, thank you so much and we'll hopefully be back to giving something next week. We have a couple other cool announcements. One, issue five of Vox Machina Origins is out if you haven't seen it yet. It's pretty great! Sam! It's really good. We've already gotten back a good portion of the art for issue six, the end of this arc, and it looks really good. If you haven't had a chance, you can check it out. You can download it on ComiXology, on the Dark Horse Comics app, and many other places where fine comic books are sold digitally. Yes, that too. Let's see. Yes, you do. I think it might be. I will be leaving late tonight, post-midnight, to fly out to Lexington, Kentucky. Yeah, but it'll be great. I'll be at the Lexington Toy and Comic Convention to hang out with a bunch of you guys out there in Kentucky! If you haven't already decided to go, and you're in the vicinity, please come! We'll have panels and signings and be around. We can hang out, swap stories, and be general nerds. I'm leaving from here to home, to pack, and then leaving. I had to finish campaign prep. It's a sprint every day! It'll be fine. Laura, you had an announcement. Awesome. Thank you, Laura. You got this, Travis. This is all you. Last but not least, we have a cool announcement for an upcoming event. For those of you who are in, around, or planning to visit Chicago in April for C2E2, I think pretty much the whole cast, aside from Ashley who will be filming, will all be there for Critical Role panels, signing events, all that fun stuff. In Chicago, April 7th on Saturday and April 8th on Sunday, we'll be there to party in Chicago. That can be done. Bring all those for Sam at the signing. Okay. The full schedule will be announced for us at C2E2 early next week. You can buy tickets at c2e2.com, and tomorrow is the deadline to order badges to receive them by mail, so any badge orders after that will have to be held at will call. Just a heads up! I think that's the last of our announcements. With that, let's jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role! [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Welcome back. Last we left off, the newly decided-upon title for this adventuring group was announced to Bryce, and as such you are now referred to as the Mighty Nein. The Mighty No, in Zemnian. TRAVIS and Upon finishing your business in Alfield, you acquired your new cart, new horses, and found your way on the Amber Road northward for a number of days, making your way toward Zadash. Along the way, you had some curious naps, you found some cool little landmarks from a war long past, you were nearly robbed and instead shooed them off with cries of extreme syphilis, and then entered the gates of Zadash yourselves. Upon which, you briefly met a character named Ulysses, who offered, at a bit of cost, to show you around town for the remainder of the day. Unfortunately, the sun set within the next couple of hours, but you were led toward the Pentamarket, where you did a little bit of shopping, offloaded some things you'd acquired in your previous venture in the mines where you battled the gnolls, encountered a purveyor of various magical artifacts named Enchanter Pumat Sol, acquired some baked goods from the market, and then finished up by making your way to The Leaky Tap, where you had just begun to cross the threshold when we left off last week. With that, coming in out of the now-cold night air, mouths filled with various crumbs and residue of sweets having been consumed on the walk, you enter the darkened interior of The Leaky Tap. Now, The Leaky Tap itself is a simple, but very large tavern. You can see there's space here for at least a dozen tables, and chairs and stools crowded around. While it lacks decor, it seems to have charm, with a rather ratty-looking band in the corner that's playing mostly on-key. It appears that a number of people who have found their way-- this is the Eastern Outersteads, I believe-- have wandered in to spend whatever coppers they want to throw towards a drink to send their cares away for the evening, and/or argue with each other about how better to make the day before them. Upon stepping into the chamber, you can see there's already about 25 patrons scattered amongst the tables, and the evening appears to be slowly crawling to more of a roar. There's chatter and whispers, there's laughter and the clanks of metal and glass. You can see already there's one long bar on the far end of the room that is broken in the center for a number of entryway hatches, and two busied bartenders rushing back and forth. What do you guys want to do? There's always tomorrow. Make a perception check. 15, okay. Glancing about, most of the patrons in here range from somewhat dusty, destitute clothing that looks to be torn and ragged at the edges. Some can be farm hands, but most of the farm work you've seen is done on the outskirts of the outer walls of Zadash, but you've also walked through folks in the street that sit on the side peddling handcrafted wares and whatever they can muster to try and make ends meet on the outskirts of the city proper. You notice two fairly dressed individuals compared to the rest that are in the process of doing a quick game of cards. You can see a large group of people that are just beginning to gather and keeping an eye out towards the door if anybody else they recognize is going to come in. Looks to be about eight or so strong, with younger half-elf woman or so who, as you guys enter, sees you, glances over, then shakes her head and goes back to conversation. Oh, straight up. You can see the whole banner on the-- Cast Identify on that. The attunement process is a little weird. Anyway. You do see one of the barkeeps leaves behind and gives a finger off to the other one to pick up the slack. The one leaving looks to be an elven woman, what would look to be the equivalent of a human 40s or so, so who knows how long her actual elven age is. Looks graceful, looking a bit disheveled, hair pulled back and tied into a small haphazard bun, simple apron, washing up her hands and toweling them off as she passes off the full bar to a male dragonborn. White-scaled, plump physique, he himself is wearing a similar apron with a big smile on his face. He seems jolly, rushing back and forth taking orders, filling drinks, and looks like even though he's a bit stressed at the moment, having to take the slack, is handling it with a smile and is used to the usual evening ruckus. They seem to be, yeah. At that point, and hand comes up and he goes, "Excuse me, just a moment." Fills up two tankards on the side, slides them down a bit, grabs a couple silver, pockets it, comes back. Turns back to you, and maybe a good solid inch or two taller than you, a burly-looking dragonborn-- With a dangerous-looking front of the snout, that as soon as it spins to you and he looks at you with this big, toothy grin, you can see scars in areas where it's been split in the past. This guy's seen some rough action in his past. But as soon as the large dragon mouth curls up into this smile, the golden yellow eyes peeking from behind these stark white scales, themselves look a bit dusty-- Yes. "Right, so what can I do for you?" "Oh food and drink, I can go ahead and get started, at least get the order in the kitchen. Pick a table, sit a spell, rack up. You paying up front, or you like a tab?" "Oh. How many rooms you looking? (louder) I'll be right with you, hold your shit! Yes?" Looks under the counter real fast. Pulls out a small board. "Oh, we got plenty, we've got like seven of them open. Three rooms, and a tab under the name--" SAM and "There's six of you." "Oh, Zemnian. Fucking weird. All right." "Me? I'm Wessek the Trim." "Purveyor of the bar here--" No, he is a plump dragonborn. He has lived a happy midlife. "I'm purveyor of drinks and keeper of food here at the Leaky Tap. Happy to get your food orders in, get some drinks to your table. Sit back, relax. There's usually a show at some point in the night." Make a perception check. No. In fact, from your height, just a lot of bums. A whole lot of butts in there. You do not see any half-orcs in this bar. As you go over to the table, the two gentlemen who are playing cards, you sit down and glance. One of them looks to be an older man in his 50s or so, his pattern baldness curling back, but has this curled mush of brown, now graying, hair on the outskirts of it. He's wearing a billowing shirt of a nicer silk. That's why it caught your eye. These two seem, not extremely well-off by any means, but at least better than a lot of the other riff-raff that are finding their way in, including you guys. Your dress is pretty nice, you're right. That's true. The other one is in the process of heavily concentrating on his hand. This one looks a lot younger. He has this scraggly mustache. It looks like he's probably been growing it since childhood, and has let it go in its glory. He has a button-up high collar bit and a cravat that has loosened and fallen. Both of these gentlemen, upon a closer look, look like they're dressing up beyond their station, and at the end of the night have come to alleviate their stresses with drink and yelling at each other over cards. "Yes?" They both stop mid-conversation and glance over. "We're playing whatever suits us at the moment. We're in the midst-- " "Well, we are in the moment finishing a quick game of poker. If you would be so kind as to leave us to our game in peace, that would be appreciated." Make a deception check. 17. The younger one, who was talking to you, glances over to the older gentleman, who's in the process of glancing back, and they take a moment and they both look back to you together. "I suppose, if you want to buy in, then that is your choice." They wordlessly continue the game. They begin arguing over the process of rising prices between irons coming down from the Druvenlode city, which is one of the larger mining cities in the empire. They begin to also discuss the quality of alcohol, seems to be diminishing the more they drink. Eventually, with one final hand, the younger one slaps down his cards, and the older one in frustration goes, "Fine! You win." "What do you wish to play?" For the sake of ease of the sudden card game, he looks around at the other guy. "Do you know the Crick-Queen's Call?" "Very well, then." He goes to shuffle the cards rather rapidly before he begins dealing out the early sets. You may make a perception check. Make a perception check. There are rafters, yeah. It's not a very high peaked ceiling. The actual roofing element of this, at least, begins about twelve feet up, and there's a small space before the beams meet the top. All right. It seems to be a clean shuffle, and a clean deal. Both the guys look at each other again, their eyes a little wide. "Two gold would suffice, yes. Of course." He strokes his way-too-soft mustache. Two gold on the table from each of you, so that's six gold in the full pot. Go ahead and make your roll, 3d6. Everyone rolls, and then you can raise your ante. Make a sleight of hand check. 19? Okay. Sure, make a perception check. No, you do not. They all look at their hands. The younger one with the mustache keeps stroking the front of his face and goes, "I'll raise four." You don't roll yet. You have to raise first. Oh, you were. Yes, you're right. You just roll again. He goes, "Raising an additional two gold pieces." I know. All right. They meet your raise. That's now 21 gold, I believe, on the table, so you all get to draw another card. So reroll one more. The older one-- No, he stays. Perception check. 21. Yeah, you can see. The younger one has a crap hand. He's trying to bluff and he's already sweating a bit. The older one is looking really good. Well, the mustache is the younger one. The older one is-- All right, so go attempt it again. Go and roll a deception-- or sorry sleight of hand. You guys are so honed in on this! The young guy is sweating a bit and he gets more nervous. He just continues to stroke his little caterpillar mustache, quicker and smaller bits. The older guy who seems to be playing rather spacey the whole time suddenly zooms in on your hands and goes, "I do say, I think we're being had." He leans forward and pulls one of the cards that you had slipped into your sleeve, out onto the table. The old guy stands up and leans forward. You can see he has this bloodshot corners, a little bit where the white show for deep brown irises. The smell of alcohol and dirt wafts off of him as he leans forward. "I will not report you for cheating, but we will taking the rest of the pot." He just takes the coins and scoops them up. They get up and leave. Dinner arrives, drinks have been provided. You guys are able to use your meal and figure out who you want to talk to, what you want to do, your business. Sheed. As you're shouting this out, some people start looking over, curious as this very ostentatiously dressed tiefling starts shouting essentially the owner of the tavern out in the center of the tavern. No one seems to make any physical action towards it. However, Wessek points over towards you. "Oh, she took some time off. She's up in her office, sorry." Yeah, you guys have eaten. And now you're in the process-- you don't have to roleplay every meal. (various eating noises) At this point, it's probably pushing close to ten o'clock. The sun's been set for a couple hours. There's a brief spiral staircase towards the far back that leads to a landing and then the second floor. From the outside, you could see there were three floors to it. So this probably progresses-- there's another staircase further down the hallway. From the landing up there, there's a single doorway that is currently closed. It has no name on it, but it stands alone from the rest of it, and it seems to be in the direction as to where Wessek was pointing. At a quick glance, the one on the landing. We've been hanging out far too long. This is a problem. There's a moment. "Yes, who is it?" "More information, please." "Bryce who?" "All right, just a moment, please." About 30 or so seconds pass and the door opens, and the same elven woman you saw leave from behind the bar earlier. However, the disheveled appearance you saw earlier is gone, is pristine, clean and the hair is immaculately combed and pulled up into a high bun, wearing a deep maroon, almost a silk robe that is pulled over, arms across. Oh, fair enough. "So you are friends of Bryce." "Well, they are a very good friend. And if you are friends of them, then you are friends of "mine. I ask you to enter for the time being and perhaps we can get to know each other, I suppose, "if you have business. Enter, please." She turns and whips around and heads back inside. This office is a simple office. When you consider most of the offices you've encountered have been in some level of empire clerical work, and/or in various institutions, this is mainly just a desk with a chair, some books and ledger information, some scattered papers, ink and quill, a few books on the side. Other than that, it's pretty barren and simple. There is a window in the back that has a crossbeam bisecting it into four squares. It is just pitch black outside 'cause the rest of it is just an alley below. Anyway, she turns around and sits in the chair and comes back, and crosses her hands in front of her with her elbows on the edge of the table. "All right, you have my attention. What can "I do for you?" "You are here looking for work? Well, for one, if you are in need of paying work, I always "have dishes to wash. But at a quick glance at how you are presented as a little more capable "individuals at first glance, I would say that perhaps you have other skills. So I would--" "If you are better with a blade or information, then checking at the King's Hall Board "might be a solid bet for you." "Every person you meet is the right and the wrong person, depending on where you are coming from." "I guess I would ask what for you is the wrong type of people?" "Right, then perhaps do not punch any crownsguard and I think you'll be okay." "I mean, individuals, yes." There's a brief moment where she looks wistfully into the distance. "I've had my encounters, not so much with Crownsguard, but with other figures." "Oh, I've already made sure their ass has been thoroughly kicked." She crosses her arms for a second. "Interesting point. Where are you from? Have you "always lived in the empire?" "From the Menagerie Coast. You are in for a treat of comparably colorful times. But a probably "less jovial atmosphere in places. You know about the religious control, correct?" "There are-- for well over a century now, the worship of various deities in the empire has been "controlled. There are shrines throughout the city. Most cities contain a shrine of some kind to the "approved worships. I just want to ensure that, if you do not fall into this realm, you do not go "flashing it about, because that will get you very easily put into the Umber Dungeon and that is not "a place you want to be." "They are scattered about. For instance, there is the Allhammer. Their shrine is-- let me "think for a second," as I consult my notes. The Umber Dungeon. "There is the Hearth of the Allhammer that is existing in the Pentamarket." "Look for the domed iron structure. It may be a bit rusty, not in the best upkeep. It's hard "to miss the interior with the very heavy, beautiful anvil, for both craftwork of those that "maintain a position. What else do you want to know about it? There is the Raven's Den, which is in the center of the graveyard." "The Ossuary Gates is the multilayered catacomb graveyard. The Raven's Den exists in the "center area of that field." "Midday, and depending on which places of worship they are, yes. But there are Heralds that "run each shrine; they work for the empire. They hold all sermons. They give council to anybody who "requires it. It's all pretty much within the government structure, yes." "Not visibly, no. There are many people that work underneath the law here, but they are careful "enough, if they wish to continue business, to not show it. I mean, what, are you looking for that "kind of work?' "You should be fine. It's-- you should be fine." "For the most part, those of various unique heritages have harder times at the farther "eastern areas, around the garrisons. Those that have to keep the creatures of Xhorhas at bay, and "possibly historians that believe that this is the Curse of Ghor Dranas, but you know. For the most "part, most nobody studies history and just consider you either unique-looking or will avoid you regardless." If you're looking for a comparison here, it would be upper-end public school, if anything. Sure, we'll put it at a charter school. But controlled by the Soltryce Academy. Yes. "The head tutor there is an overworked and relatively stressed-out individual." "Yes. Mikael Drom. Very nice fellow. Eager to help, but the system has been difficult for him." "There is. There is a Platinum House. That would also be in the Interstead Sprawl. Look for "the beautiful white building with deep blue tapestries on the outside. They're reflective, "mirror-like, during the day. It's almost a beacon for having to shield your eyes. Meditation, "worship, is all available within there. Sermon's usually around noon." "Anything that isn't the Platinum Dragon, the Raven Queen, Allhammer, Dawnfather, Lawbearer, "and the Knowing Mistress." "There are six." "I don't judge. If you worship what you want, you can, just be careful about it." "Don't tell anyone." "Very well." "That's going to help you. Anything else you want to know? I've been living here most of my life." "King's Hall is a good resource. If you're really hit up hard and you want to try the route "that Bryce did, you can always sign up to become a member of the military." "It works well for some people. It pays, you are trained. The Righteous Brand is very helpful "and helps keep the Empire safe from the terrors that wander in and beyond the borders." "There are plenty of underbellies, but they are localized, scattered, and very protective. "Keep your ears open, ask the right questions." "I don't trust anybody. That's how I'm still alive and that's how I came to own this tavern." "Thank you." "I had to change it a bit. The man I took it all from, I wanted him to leave nothing behind." There's a quick glance in your direction. Her expression darkens and she goes, "No, but I "would be very careful how you use that name." "I do not know him, but I know of him. That thing I said about trying not to get in trouble "with the darker elements of the city that might be in over your head? That is very specifically one "who wallows in that mire." Yes, basically, wallows in the mire of the underbelly shit. Sounds like a fun lyric. (singing) Wallows in the mire of the underbelly shit! "Very well. I will walk you down." "Yes." Oh, right. Sure. You can do it now while they're exiting the office. While they've been in there-- So far, so good. We'll see how it progresses. As you guys exit the office, at the bottom of the stair, you can see that group that was gathering earlier, with the young girl that was looking out towards the entryway, is there waiting at the base of the stair. Yeah, the bachelorette party, if you will. Though it was a mixed group. As soon as you exit with Claudia, they notice her, notice you, and all step back for a moment and wait. As you step down the stairs, a young half-elf girl, freckled, auburn hair, a smudged face of a hard day's work, leans forward and goes, "Terribly "sorry, Claudia. Are we good to use the cellar for the meeting?" "Yes, of course. It is available to "you right now. Not a problem." She goes, "All right, thank you very much." She turns around and begins gathering up the crew. You can see a few people at the bar, she's slowly gathering the folk until there's a cluster of about 20 or so. They all begin making their way towards where the kitchen is into a pantry area. You're going to have to follow to find out. Oh. She goes, "No, not so much. They are passionate political debaters." "No, I am merely providing a space for people that are wanting to work through some "difficulties they have with their lifestyle. That is all." The two of you have wrapped up for the time being. The cat, who's been following Fjord and Beauregard, you guys have been having this conversation as you follow down to the cellar. As you descend down the cellar stairs, you can hear conversation and a few voices passing. They all get quiet. As you step and descend past where the ceiling of the basement reveals you, the group of 20 folks are all gathered around with a central podium on an elevated step or a box. They're all looking at you, quiet. The one who's standing on the box is a human man probably in his early 60s or so. Shorter hair, graying but a little unkempt in the face. He's got smaller spectacles at the edge of his nose and unshaved stubble against his chin, but he's dressed in a nice, white shirt, tucked in well, and looks thin and well-mannered. He puts his hand up and goes, "Hey there. Can we help you?" Everyone looks at each other. There's an ornery dwarf fella who looks over to the guy in the top and shakes his head. The half-elven girl who was gathering the group gives a nudge toward you with a smile and says, "We can at least ask." He goes, "All right, well, step on up." The crowd separates a little bit as you guys approach. "I'm curious. Share with me briefly the joys the Empire "has brought to your life." "Be honest." Make a persuasion check with advantage with his help. "You seem to be on the level. We are a group called the Knights of Requital, and we are "discussing methods of changing the current political unhappiness in the city of Zadash and beyond." "Very well. I will continue with my talk, if you don't mind." TRAVIS and No. Looking around the room, most of the folks in here look to be salt-of-the-earth folk of the city. A few folks look to be a little more wealthy, lower-to-middle class if you were to give any sort of comparison there, and they all look like they're a bit riled up. The dwarf, who had eyed you up previously, his eyes have these heavy bags under them, he's got this scraggly unkempt brown beard, and very short, almost buzz-cut hair on top. He's glaring at the two of you. He steps away from the crowd and keeps a very close eye. The gentleman at the top, "First off, to our new "conversationalists, I am Dolan Thrym. As many of you know her, I once ran a very successful physician "practice here in the Interstead Sprawl, one that my partner was the head physician. Well, he was "unfortunately brought to an unearned level of shame, and his practice ruined, as well as our "industry, by the house of Sutan naught but a year ago. We went from a comfortable living helping people "to a life of squalor and shame. I know we're not the only one, as now the son of the house of "Sutan, Ren, sits at the top of that practice. Took all of our clients and squeezes them for all of "their worth. And I, for one, am sick of it". Everybody else in the group goes (grunt). "I'm sick of it and we can't sit back and let nothing be done about it. Now, would you like "to take the floor, Ulog?" The dwarf who was watching you guys takes his-- doesn't leave you for a moment before he steps over and the crowd separates and he steps up onto the small block which at his height puts him about head level with most of the crowd. "As many of you know, I was a woodworker for many years, carving wood, did good carpentry. My wife, Illiana, is a good wife. About six months ago, she was up late at night picking up food for the night for the two of us in the Pentamarket. She was in the wrong place at the wrong time. There were some street bandits outside the Tri-Spires. They stabbed someone who had run in, ran clean into my wife, just as the Crownsguard descended. She got looped in with them, thrown in jail. I went and fought. There wasn't even a bit of a trial. The High-Rictor sent her straight to the Umber Dungeon, sentenced her 20 years for this business. It's been six months now, I can't even see her. I'm sick of it, and I think it's time we did something." Everyone in the crowd goes (grunts). TRAVIS and This continues one after another, individuals start coming up and talking about resharing stories for the newcomers. Things that have come up recently that frustrate them. They begin throwing things around like instability within the Starosta's capable hands to maintain a political structure in a city this large. They begin to talk on anger and frustration with the lack of proper education for the masses, keeping them unable to climb status and eke out of living and thus are forced into the military to die out on the fields of Xhorhas. There have been discussions about frustration dealing with the ever creeping power scale of what's called the Cerberus Assembly and influence that stretches from Rexxentrum into the city itself. Eventually, it begins to rise into many voices clamoring out in frustration and once again, Dolan, the softer gentleman at the beginning puts his hands up and steps back and goes "I know, I know. I know. But we're going to find a way. I have friends that I've made, people that we're talking to and we have, hopefully, a new beginning soon, an opportunity where I think we can have a voice in the politics here. I hope to have more for you soon, in the meantime, try and keep your chin up. I know it's hard now, but I believe we'll have an opportunity soon. Thank you. Thank you to Kara, who has been helping set these meetings up." Points over to the younger half-elf earlier and she nods and a few hands clap. "And to our new members-- I'm sorry, I didn't get your names." "Beau and Fjord, thank you for joining us tonight. It goes without saying, please, if you don't mind, we prefer to keep these conversations personal. For obvious reasons." "If even the most misunderstood discontent leads to unfortunate circumstances." "Of course. That's requital. I appreciate your time. Rest well, we'll meet soon. Dismissed!" Everyone begins to scatter and make their way back up to the tavern. "Yeah, of course. I understand that you aren't from around here, so don't feel that you have to take too much of this to heart. Best we can do to try and keep spirits up. I believe that we can find a way to exact some change real soon." "Well, we're scheduled to meet here in the next two days or so. We're gearing up for a couple of important events." "It can vary. Anyway, I'm sorry. I really should be going." "Oh, I live outside of the Apple Tree Tutors." "Appreciate you being respectful and close to your chest. Anyway." He steps past the two of you, puts the rest of his jacket on, and exits. Now it's just the two of you there in the cellar below. There are large casks, large wooden barrels and casks. This is where major ale storage is set, but none of them are tapped. It looks to be full of crates that are still sealed; unopened. None of the wines are kept in this cellar. By the size of the place, you get the sense there's probably more than one storage place here. (meowing) Easy enough to do. As you guys head up into the tavern to meet up with the rest of your troop, you see they're all sitting around, handling their other business. What are you guys up to? You got the meat of it. You watched the people that were in the meeting leave in small groups. They're pacing their exits. All righty. What else are you guys doing? You can go and try and find out. All righty. Right. Now, the two of you make an investigation check. That's right. She's coming as well. You do manage to discover the location of The Steam's Respite, but it is closed for the night. It is too late for its functionality. If you wander through the Pentamarket, which you can go roundabout to do that. On the way from where you are exiting there, none of those, no. The Pentamarket is pretty much this cluster at the center of-- You would've come across more small food establishments like small dumpling establishments. Nothing too crazy. It looks like most of the stores that are on the outskirts would be simple glassware, the occasional basic blacksmiths for putting horseshoes on and the construction of that, simple armor repairs for whoever needs it. Nothing crazy. Most of the good stuff is in the vicinity you've already been. It makes sense when you're over 30. (laughter) All right. So you guys find your way back. What about the rest of you guys, anything? Easily enough. You have it copied over without issue. How many did you make? We'll say ten and a few that didn't quite-- you got halfway through and like (frustrated noise) tore it up. Okay cool. So the rest of you guys, are you all resting for the evening? All right. Night rest comes without issue. You awake in the morning to the sound of an already muttering tavern floor below you. The smell of food and whatever dried ale has been spilled into the room that you're currently sleeping in. But the day is yours, the morning has arrived, you are welcome to do what you wish. You get your food, your breakfast set. Let's see here. We'll say for the two meals and the drinks, and the three rooms overnight. If you want to keep track of the tab. Though you haven't paid it yet, necessarily, if you're staying for a while. Put you at-- I'll put you at, at the three rooms, food and drink, at about six gold so far. This isn't the nicer part of town. All right. So. At the moment, no. Looks like it is your dragonborn friend and there's maybe six people in the room. "Right, good morning." "That's all right." "There's probably a few places with libraries. There's the Archive--" "Yeah. There's also the Hall of Erudition. I'm pretty sure they got libraries as well." "Yeah, it's where the Soltryce Academy's...academy...is here." "Right, that would be, let's see, right around-- Hmm." (singsong) Let me make sure I get this correct for internal consistency. Ah, that would be in the Interstead Sprawl. If you consider the city's triangular shape, there's the pentagram market off-center and a little bit to the west of it, and then there's the East and West Outersteads, which are the outside cusp and the slums and the outside of the main wall; there's the Tri-Spire, which is up north; then there's a section, a quadrant over here, it's a military section in this weird ring that surrounds and bisects them all around the Pentamarket. That's the Interstead Sprawl. Yeah. Well, no, that's the more middle-class, central connecting part that holds the rest of the city together. The library is there. From where you are now, you guys are in the Eastern Outersteads, it would be west. And he goes, "Actually (ugh), hold on just a second, I'll get to your meal. Follow me." He comes out from behind the bar and slaps it up, and puts an arm around your shoulder and leads you right immediately outside to the front of the tavern, pushing you along. He goes, "You look over that rooftop there, and you can see that-- " and you see this slowly tapering tower that then curves off at the very top to be a very dome-like pinnacle. The stonework itself appears to be like a smooth concrete looking texture just from this distance, and the way the morning sun is hitting it, half of it is just bright and reflective and really intricate carving and various tiers along the towers. He goes, "That there's the Archive. That's what you're looking for. So just look at that tower and keep going." "No worries." Tri-Spires. "No worries." He runs back and quickly gets beneath-- there are now two people waiting for him to get back, and he gets back to pouring drinks and getting food orders situated. As you guys are making your way through the East Outersteads towards the Pentamarket, you said you're going to the blacksmith? Yeah, it did. As you're making your way there, one thing that you do-- you hear a voice that's loudly talking that crosses you guys as you're walking down the street. You can see a younger man in his early 20s or so; he has really thin, blondish hair, and he's wearing a tabard that is the same colors as the Crownsguard, but other than that, normal clothing. A tabard is a piece of cloth that goes over the front and back-- He's shouting out-- you get very quick instance he's a town crier. As you come into Zadash, you can see this is probably how a lot of news is disseminated amongst the populace here. What you hear approaching is, (shouting) "-- a crownsguard and the King's grace! Attack on Alfield is ended! Terrible fiends responsible put to the sword by a crownsguard and the King's grace!" "The attack on Alf--" He repeats it as he continues down the street. Okay. He's moved onto-- it looks like he's cycling through different pieces of news, and as you approach, he's shouting, "Families missing in Nogvurot! Crick kidnappers steal them away in the night! Lock and seal your windows and doors while you slumber! The attack on Alfield has ended! Terrible--" and you approach him at that point. "Yeah?" "From my boss." "It's the King's Hall." "I was not aware. I did not know." "That's really interesting." "That sounds amazing. You should go tell that to the Herald of the Hall. He's probably the one who would care the most." (shouting) "The attack on Alfield--" and he quickly gets away from you, repeating the process over and over again. You trying to drag her along? Do you let him drag you? That's interesting. As you say that, across the way, you can see there's one crotchety-looking dude with one eye who's like-- Averts his gaze and keeps on walking. Following Jester, you make your way back to the Pentamarket, to the outside of the Spark Hammer Smithing. What was previously closed the night before, you can now see the open air smithy is lively and banging. You can hear the slamming of hammer on metal and the shower of sparks from the exterior anvil setup. Currently out there is a halfling man with deeply tanned, red skin, short, black hair and very muscular arms, who currently has leather gloves on, leather apron, and is in the process of forging some kind of long metal blade, hammering it out over a heavy anvil on the outside. There is the trough for the quenching of the blade and then in the interior you can see, a few steps away, the orange glow of the rest of the blacksmith interior. There looks to be somebody else on the inside but you don't get a view of them right now. You can just barely get rows and rows and racks of various pieces of armor and weapons that are currently hanging on display on the inside. There is nobody in the process of walking through at the moment, just in the process of crafting, so you are the only individuals who are holding the space at the moment. So the (metal clanging), turn, (metal clanging). (Metal clanging "Hello?" "Well, I'm all certainly here for that. What you got? What you looking to buy?" He sets the hammer into the water, the steam rises up, quenches the blade, takes the gloves off and wipes heavy sweat from the brow. "You're looking for a--?" "That I can do." Turns around to the inside of the building and comes back. He has two hand axes, both look pretty well made, one looks a little more intricate than the other, but both are pretty solid. "So we got these two." Throws one and catches it, throws the other and catches it. You place them all down and looking at the quality and the shininess and the smooth, fresh weaponry that he's placed on the table and the pockmarked, used, damaged, in some cases gnoll mess covered weaponry, you immediately realize-- oh. "I say so, these have all seen some use. Not all that great. Sorry." You couldn't fit the manacles in the bag. The one that was around the neck of the manticore. Yeah, you had them in the cart. So you bring them along with you. "Well these here, these are some nice metal." "They were magic." "Let me have a look at that." He takes them, pulls on the chains, drags for a minute and he inspects them over. "This some real nice craftsmanship, you don't see something this well made. So where did you get this?" Did you guys bring the cart with you? He glances past you. Well, the manticore head is still affixed to the cart, by the way. The halfling looks past and he goes, "I'll take it you mean that thing. It's quite scary, well done. Ah, looking at all the weapons. The wood's mostly rotted, unfortunately. Some of the metal can be melted down and reused, have to hammer out all of the imperfections, smelt it all. The manacles look very nice. Tell you what. Give me the lot and the manacles, I'll give you both these axes and be in excess of about 20 gold pieces." "Put that at about 25 gold then, and the one axe." "Sorry about that. Yannick. Yannick Dumel. "Nice to meet you as well, Jester. Inside there is Jan. She helps run the place. Fantastic. I'll go get your gold for you." "I do not work in smaller bits of metal, unfortunately. More the hefty kind. My apologies. If you're looking for flasks--" Takes a moment and thinks of something. "There's Wares & Ends. They've probably got something there for you. There's Packwearer's Provisions, they probably got flasks around there. Well, they probably have some at the Lodge of the Eclipse, that's possible." "Right, right. That's the more hoity-toity night time tavern here in the Pentamarket." "Because at nighttime they has the great shows on stage." "I don't know about a taxidermist, unfortunately. I'm pretty sure if you ask around you can find someone willing to pay for that. I probably ask the Hall of Erudition, they deal in weird things and strange beasties. Sorry about that." "Lodge of the Eclipse." All right. You guys head on towards where now? Pentamarket. No, the library is-- the Archive you're talking about. It's in the western side of the Pentamarket. No, it's not one of the tallest towers in the city. In fact, the Tri-Spires, as it's called, has three massive towers of all different designs that lord over the rest of the city. They're the first things you saw when you crested the hill on the way into the city the night before. This one is still visible from your perspective, though. It's a little more squat and maybe four or five stories tall. Well, you can see where the Archive is but it's maybe another ten minute walk to get there. The King's Hall is actually not that far from the Archive. It would be a brief detour to get there. All right, so where are you heading first? The Archive, okay. On the way another town crier crosses by; another individual, same garb, a middle aged woman, hair pulled back into a very tight bun with the tufts of curled hair around the edges. Same tabard in the front and she's shouting out, "Riot in Rexxentrum squashed for peace! Radical groups brought to justice under the crown!" In the middle of her next line, "Two weeks to--" "Two weeks' time to the Harvest Close Festival! Victory Pit in the Pentamarket, entry begins in four days!" Harvest Close Festival. Harvest Close. It's the end of the harvest. In two weeks. In the Victory Pit in the Pentamarket. Entry begins in four days. You eventually find your way to the outside of the Archive. Where you had seen was the tapering tower that had the dome, with the polished sun reflection on one side, the rest of it you can see with the intricate carvings that happen with each bit of the spiral as it continues downward. You can see three specific smaller spires that from this perspective make it look like, I would say, almost like a TIE fighter on its side. It has a series of smaller three spires at the base and a central spire that is the mainstay of the library. You can see there's a double door at the base and a number of individuals dressed in deep grey robes with blue sashes, very gray and blue color scheme. As you approach, the outside of it you can see folks entering in and out but as they enter and exit the facility they usually enter and exit under the watch and being escorted by one of these individuals that seem to be members of the Archive. It's built off of one of the main roads that leads in the direction of where the King's Hall is. So it's not in a major square area, but it's off a large road. All the windows that exist are at least eight feet off the floor and look to be a very thick stained glass. The only entrances you see are currently guarded by at least two members of the Archive and the dress of them actually is very close to the individual that helped in the trial that you had in Trostenwald who introduced himself as Zeenoth, the one who helped provide information that eventually got you off the hook for that trial. You can now see similarities in the color scheme of their attire and the way that it's worn. It's ceremonial. It looks like it comes with a ceremonial robe. They're all uniform to a certain extent with some being more intricate and longer with more jewelry and they seem to have a little more station. Escorted by one of these, yes. One of them you see appears to be a woman, very well dressed, looks to be a high collar, a buttoned up blouse of some kind, a dress that just barely cuts off right where her ankles hit the ground with very nice shoes. Looks to be a very well off humanoid woman, a human. She looks stoic. Leaves with a very-- (laughs) Leaving. Okay. The other one looks to be a man probably in his late 30s or so, also human. He has a cluster of small pieces of parchment that are folded and wadded into his arm and he's leaving like he just was either taking something out or just retrieving something. Less fancy than her, but still more well off than most of the other individuals that have passed through. Oh yeah. While that's happening, you are following this woman down. Make a stealth check. SAM and Okay. No one immediately seems to pay mind and she's currently eyes on the prize, heading in some direction with earnest intent. The escort, of course, that had helped her out of the Archive stays behind and reenters the building, and she continues on her own, but stays mainly on the main streets; doesn't go and duck into any alleyways very much for her own personal safety during the day and staying out in the open. There do appear to be two small pockets in the front waist part of the blouse and a small satchel that's hanging off the right, over the left shoulder, off the right side of the body. Make a perception check. You have no idea. You come back and Nott's gone. No. Not at this point. While the rest of you are regathering yourselves together to continue onto the next length of your journey, Nott-- It's up to you. The front pocket? Yeah, the front of the blouse. Yeah. Go ahead and roll sleight of hand, please. Okay. As you're walking and you're concentrating, you watch as the satchel itself lifts and tugs and just tugs. Her head spins around and looks behind her, looks back. Glances around confused, eyes one of the small pauper children that's off to the side, begging on the side of the road-- Scoffs and holds her chin up and then continues walking with a brisker pace. Make another stealth check, please. Okay, brisker pace, but does not seemed to take notice of your tracking. Okay. There's a brief moment where you've watched the flap of the blouse open up and expand a bit as the Mage Hand begins to reach in for what is within and then with a slight tug you watch as two of the blouse buttons bounce off and just a bit of the brassiere shows and she closes her shirt real fast and looks about again and turns and what you can see is a man there who's selling apples on a small cart on the side, is maybe two feet from her and goes "Miss?" With the apple and she smacks him right in the face and he, "What was-- what?!" "How dare you." Then holding her shirt closed and bundles up her satchel up in her arms and is now beelining it deeper into the city. They're nice buttons. If you want to insight check her, you've got to make a deception check. Make a perception check. Unfortunately no, the Platinum House nor the Hearth of the Allhammer were noticed. The Hearth of the Allhammer is in the Pentamarket on the northern side and you guys had cut through to get directly to the vicinity of the bathhouse. In the area you are now in the city, you don't have any sort of visual on the Platinum House. As you guys have gathered yourselves together and you make your way towards The Steam's Respite, we're going to take a break! Because it is nine o'clock. LAURA and We'll be back here in a few minutes, we'll make this as quick of a break as we can so we can jump back in. In the meantime, guys, sit tight, we'll see you again in a few minutes. Welcome back, everyone. Welcome back. Thank you for your patience. Once again, you didn't miss anything. Sorry, we didn't have a giveaway this week. We hope to have one up and going real soon from our folks at Wyrmwood. In the meantime, hang tight, you didn't miss anything. Anyway, welcome back, guys. Great to have you. You guys coast alongside the road leading towards the Steam's Respite. You catch a glance at the King's Hall. You see a massive structure of bronze and cobalt that is, essentially, the central courthouse of the city. You can see its this massive, tall, single story that stands at least 20 feet high, with long thin windows about every 15 or so feet. The crownsguard presence is pretty thick. You see probably, at first glance, at least ten or so that are watching the front as general sentries. There it is. You do also, at a quick glance, see a ten-foot by five-foot large, heavy piece of wooden board that is standing on its own about four feet from the main entrance to the right. It has a number of pieces of parchment stuck to it. Are you guys continuing on? Head to the bath house? What are you doing? Looks like there's one person scanning past in the process of reading and looking at things as they go. Looks to be a person in basic leather armors. Probably a sellsword of some kind. Not directly reading it, but there are, right now, four that are within a 15-foot proximity of it. Well, the board's right at the front what is essentially the courthouse center of the entire city. There is away from the building, but there's nothing-- Just a shorter version. The height difference you can create with Disguise Self, I believe, is it a foot? Yeah, so you have-- You're a four-foot tall Fjord. A perfect replica of Fjord on a smaller scale emerges from the shadows and sidles up alongside you, Fjord. As you approach the board, which you can see has atop of it pressed into the wood the lettering that say Task Board. The heavy, wooden board looks like in immediate view of it, there are maybe eight pieces of paper that are currently stapled to it with various rusted nails that have been reused, and they have been placed onto it, or have been stuck in and then replaced into it. There's probably close to 45 or 50 other rusted nails that are stuck there and have been left that have currently holding nothing to it. You do see through a first glance, both of you, as you look past them, a lot of them are looking for general work helping construction, some are looking for people that want to help reinforce buildings that are crumbling, there are some that are looking for folks that can help shoo away parts of the Outersteads that are encroaching upon the farmlands on the outside of the wall. You do see one that says, "Seeking and paying for any information on Myriad activity in the city." There is one that says, "Reward for information on rebel gatherings and anti-Crown rhetoric." There's one that says-- There's another that says, "Proof of others' worship of heretical gods paid in gold." One that says, "Looking for work for the glory of our King Bertrand. Good pay and adventurous living as a soldier of the Righteous Brand. Seek Leopold Wanstiker at the Marrow Keep." Wanstiker. Wanstiker. Yeah, go for it. Apparently. No one seems to notice as you quickly scribble out and alter the visual to where it says "Wangstacker at the Marrow Keep in the Signet Wall," and then, "Roving beast in need of extermination. Must be trained sellsword with experience." There looks to be one piece of engraved brass or bronze material on the side that says, "All job inquiries to be taken to Herald of the Hall Voloshin within." Oh, "All job inquiries are to be taken to Herald of the Hall--" Voloshin. Yeah. V-O-L-O-S-H-I-N. Which is strange because the spit actually emerges from your sternum. (laughing) You guys walk your way into the main chamber. There's a couple benches to the right and left of you. There's some small planters that have low-light plants being kept in the area to give a fresher scent. There is a small chair and a desk set up with a clerk, an older female half-orc, hunched but smiling with her hair gray, thick hair braided up on the sides and pinned in the back with a long spike of some kind with a lower jaw that extends with two visible tusks, but a warm smile amongst the rest of the nice flower dress that she wears. As you approach, she looks up from the desk. "Hello! You've come to the Respite. I am Miss Rima. Are all of you here for a bath?" "Would you like individual rooms?" "Right, so the Common Room. It is less expensive, but less private. For the six of you, for the Common Chamber, that'll run about three silver apiece." "That can be provided at an additional cost, my dear. That'll be an additional one silver each for the washing and cleaning fee." The clothes are cleaner, they're just tattered and patched. "Four, eight, 12, 16, 23 silver for the lot. Thank you so much." Takes the change, leads you into a back chamber where you get undressed. There is a doorway that leads open into a central common hot spring bath that is dug out of the ground here. It has a rock perimeter to it, and the steam immediately hits you. It smells of herbs and soaps. The water itself is somewhat cloudy, and it looks like there's maybe only four other people in there, obscured by the steam at the edges of the pool. As Miss Rima leaves your presence, you guys can finish disrobing and leaving your clothing behind and enter the bathhouse. (water splashing) As the explosion of water hits, there's this older couple in their 70s or so that, as you muscle in, they slowly scoot away. There's this splash and they both (upset squealing) and avoid the space. As you come up out of the water, Jester, and (breathes), you hair flaps back on the back of your neck. Your eyes focus, and you see a familiar face in the water across from you. Leaning, arms akimbo, against the rock, with a thick hilt of a sword just resting, apparently-- In the hot tub. You see a familiar pale-looking, muscular woman, with darker hair that fades to light, as there is Yasha, staring at you with a curious look. (cheering) Scoot in a bit. Explain the tattoos. A fully clothed, tiny Fjord. Yeah. Even when you remove your clothing, they just shed off your body and they still visually appear on you. It's a very strange visual. (clapping) You hear this four series of quick snapping claps, and you hear, "Heat it up!" You hear the voice of Miss Rima from within, and you watch as two side doors open. These small troops of women and men come through with these pots of heated water, and then dump them into the bath to refresh the heat, and then exit again and then close the doors behind them. Looks dry. But leaving a trail of water behind. Yes. They're both off, holding each other, just going. They immediately get up and start leaving into the changing room, exiting the chamber. At the moment, no. The Knowing Mis-- (laughter) The Lawbearer. It obscures it to the point where, yeah. Generally you can say, "Do I believe her?" and then I'll tell you to make an insight check. Yeah. For basic religion, you would, because you've been outside the Empire. Those of you who grew up in the Empire, you would vaguely have an idea. You would, maybe. Make a religion check. You are very aware of the Stormlord. You knew the Stormlord well. Since the Menagerie Coast largely relies on port trade, it is one of the most-worshipped gods in the Menagerie Coast for people who travel in and out of the ports there. Overseas, safe passage amongst bodies of water, contests of strength, proving worth through action. Lot of very interesting elements that the two of you would know of that following. You guys start making your way out of the bath, gathering your clothing once more, as you head back. You've been in here, catching up and soaking for about a half an hour, 40 minutes, so you're getting pretty close to losing. You now see the towel-covered, goblinoid form of Nott, her hair wet and tattered down across the face. It's long in the front, the yellow eyes peeking through. The clean clothing is presented. You guys get dressed and your outfits are waiting for you in the dressing room. It's fun to watch her make her way out using the large greatsword essentially as a walking stick as she emerges from the tub. You guys have regathered your materials. You've reconvened outside the Steam's Respite. It's about midday now, about noon-ish. The rest of the day is still yours. What do you wish to do? Perfect. Those of you heading to the King's Hall, you make your way back to the familiar outside, this large center for law, order, and judgement within the city of Zadash. As you approach the doorways, the guards pass, but keep an eye very closely as you enter. On the interior, you can see there are two round tables with curved benches that meet the sides of it, and there you can see some of the crownsguard in the process of talking to various civilians and taking notes. There's conversation about-- pardon me. So? You don't see a desk or a clerk, but you do see the crownsguard that are currently at the tables, talking to these individuals, and you see two other individual crownsguards that are standing and guarding two hallway entrances that lead further into the King's Hall. "Oh, let me go and get the Herald for you, hold on just a second." He scoots out of the next hallway. A few moments later, you watch as this really stressed-looking male dwarf with these thick mutton chops and salt-and-pepper hair, well-groomed, combed really heavily to one side, the thick hair is being tamed to the point where, in a very Gene Wilder way, it's combed and then (poof), out one side. As he walks in, he's wearing long robes of gold and white and silver, and carries the holy symbol of the Lawbearer. You can see an axe that hangs on a chain with a scale embedded in the center of it. He walks in. "Right. So you're inquiring about the job board?" "All right. Which one in the task board you looking for?" He gives a quick glance over all of you. "All right. Let me go ahead and pull this out." He pulls a small side bag that has a bunch of pieces of paper in it. He unfurls one section, sets it down. "And your names?" "I'm sorry, but for the purposes of maintaining organization within the paperwork here we need to know the names of those who are to claim any rewards or benefits of completing a job." "Philbin, all right. And you are?" "Lawrence." "Kylre." "Esma, all right." Make a deception check. Okay. "All right, Barry. Okay (clears throat). This here is a writ of Lawmaster intent. This will "give you entrance to the location of where the job is supposed to take place. This supposed creature "has holed up in a sewer nexus right on where the Interstead Sprawl meets with the outer wall of the "Tri-Spires. We need you to travel down there, and, well, let's say there's a whole region on the "inside where we've been hearing about this backing up of various liquid and strange noises from "cleaners who were making their way through, so we sent a few crownsguards down and came across a "mass of congealed sewage slime and webbing, so the fucking cowards ran back and we need to dig "deeper. So here we are find a way of whatever is creating this disturbance, kill it, take it back "with proof of the kill, whatever built that little nest, and the Crown is willing to drop you about "700 gold pieces." "That's correct." "Well, you have to divide it evenly from the 700 you get." "All the ones that are named on here." "There's more involved?" (groans) Takes the writ. "And who are the other companions?" "Karen and Rothschild." "No, that would be 700 gold, split between the lot of you." "Whatever's causing the blockage, and the webbing, whatever else they found down there. Yes, "take care of that, bring back proof of the death." "No fucking clue, that's why you're being paid 700 gold for it!" "People have gone missing. You think you're the first to try and take the job? No, it's "dangerous! That's why we're paying so much. If you don't want it, go away. If you want it, here's the "writ, good luck." "There have been three times that it's been taken up and one's come back declining it and two "that have not." "Think they changed their mind a bit." "I'm sure you will." "It's a dwarven thing. We've got resting bitch voice." (laughter) "Great. Well, shove off!" All right. After asking some questions and making your way around you eventually find the Tri-Spires, which is not too difficult to see once you know what you're looking for. You see these three very unique-looking towers that ascend past a round wall that encases the interior of this elite portion of the city. As you approach the wall-- the outer walls you see are basic stonework and masonry, thick as they may be and used as from a defensive position-- these walls are made of solid marble, and look more decorative than designed to be a military buttress of any kind. As you approach, you can see there are two entrances to it-- or at least you've been told there are two. The one that's nearest to you opens in the direction of the Pentamarket, and while the portcullis is lifted you see there are two crownsguard there, currently standing with spears and shields at the ready. A horse-drawn carriage clomps by you and makes its way inside. You guys approach and one of the guards steps forward. "Can I help you, please?" "I don't think you do. Please, shove off." "What's your business with the Pillow Trove?" "Look, your friend here looks like he just wandered out of the Evening Nip if anything, so it would be best--" They look at each other. Make a persuasion check. TRAVIS and Look at each other, look back at you. "All right, I'll walk you in. Briefly. Then I'll get back to my post. You, stay the fuck out of this." "All right, to the Pillow Trove. This way, follow me." The other guard steps past him and blocks you from the other two. As the guard guides you in he makes a big whistle sound, does a finger loop, and you watch as another guard gets relieved and comes down to help him at the front doorway. "Thank you. I appreciate that." Now, stepping into the Tri-Spires-- There's maybe a 20 second period where he's making his way down. You get the sense from the look of this, and glancing through the interior, you see elements of beautiful courtyard parks with trees and bushes. You can see statuesque structures that decorate what normally was just dirt road with occasional bits of stonework, as beautifully laid cobblestone from the interior, you can see homesteads of different styles of construction from all across this continent and beyond. This is where the money in the city goes. This is the district where the elite live, where the elite work, and where folk of very specific visual presentation and purpose are allowed entry. Roll a stealth check for Frumpkin. As Frumpkin begins to (meowing) run on its way, and one of the guards goes, "Piss off," and kicks Frumpkin about ten feet off, and stumbles and skids, and then gets back up. I'd say take one point of damage. I didn't. Stray cats can't just wander into-- The guard looks a bit confused. As you wander back, he's pointing at the tip of his boot, and he's like, "I don't know, it was fucking crazy." So what do you look like? The Pillow Trove. They both blink their eyes at you. As you glance down to look at your hand, it's your regular sleeve. It worked, but then as you approached, you looked down and it's no longer there. (gasping) You have a sense now, you think back to the air of magical longevity the spell would maintain, it's gone. At some point, as you approached and then walked up to the gate, your Disguise Self just dissipated. The one guard that was there before is like-- As you walk away, he just goes, "Yeah, that's what I thought." "Quick meeting, right? Quick fucking meeting." You are escorted to the exterior of the Pillow Trove, which would be over here in the Tri-Spires. You're led down the beautiful cobblestone street. Around the bend of this beautiful courtyard where you can see a family that is currently sitting down and having an open-air picnic here amongst the grass. Butterflies in the air, it's picturesque to the point where you question how engineered it is to a certain degree. With a couple of quick spins, you see one that catches your eye, which is really interesting, this massive one of the Tri-Spire towers that's closest to the vicinity of The Pillow Trove, looks like it was this old temple that's been completely hollowed out and re-purposed to look like a glitzy casino. There are banners that are pulled across in brightly-colored silks that mingle and braid into each other. You can see on each different floor there's a different tone to the stone that's been slightly altered, and you can see signs showing different forms of entertainment. It's simultaneously historically awe-inspiring and gaudy combination that is intriguing. Kind of, yeah. It's a little Vegas-y, compared to the rest of this area. You can see a lot of the-- At the corners of these roads, you can see these tall lanterns that contain a very faintly ever-burning flame. Between each of them, there's a long, white, silken banner that hangs as part of decoration along each road. The roads themselves feel like they're always in some loose parade-type celebration, that's just part of the decor of the vicinity. The stark contrast between the Outersteads, to even the moderately average Innersteads, to the Tri-Spires is astronomical. "Have you not been here before?" "Interesting. You're in the Silken Terrace. What you're looking at right there is called the Triumph Chime. It's got all sorts of bars, gambling halls, inn rooms, brothel, everything you need up here." "We've got them in places. What, you think we're uncivilized folk? Where are you from?" "Huh. Well, you'll feel right at home, yeah." "Well, here you are. Pillow Trove." As he motions over to the side, you see this luxurious inn that has this cylindrical appearance to the front and then turns into a blocky building behind. It has this gold and deep purple coloration to the pillars that hold up the various walls to each intersection, and as soon as you walk inside, the scents of scented candles and various lavender-type smells hit your nose. The element of it reminds you of home. As you walk inside, there's a beautiful semi-circle desk, and a human woman, probably in her mid-20s or so, jet black hair that's straight and dangles past her shoulders, watches you approach, as the guard says, "I'll wait here and escort you out when you're done." "Very well. What is the name receiving?" "I shall inquire. I'll be back here in just a moment." As she leaves from the front desk, you can see there are two crownsguard that are assigned to the sides that are keeping a close watch on you, but they're lackadaisy through their day. You get the sense they probably don't have to work too hard this side of the city. About five minutes pass. They're both watching you, but not intently like hawks, more just making sure you're not doing anything silly. You watch as a rather bounding obese merchant in his late 40s or so comes barreling down the stairway, sniffling hard and rubbing his nose. He's dressed really well-- maybe a size too small, trying to reclaim a presentation maybe of a younger self and he hasn't quite come to terms with the fact that he's hitting that age. As he walks past, he goes, "Ah. Good day." He exits the building. Another five minutes pass, and eventually the woman comes back and she goes, "I'm sorry, we don't have a package for that name here. Is there any other it might be under?" "I'll check." She leaves again for another few minutes. Comes back after that, "I'm sorry, there's nothing under that name." "I'll check one more time." She leaves. She comes back out. "I'm terribly sorry, we do not have a package for or under any of those names. "Which one?" "Oh. All right, okay." "Very well. I'll make a note of it." "If you like, we could set you up with a room." "Well, depends on the size. We have our general suites, we have the lordly suites, and then we have the diplomatic invitational suites. Pricing begins at ten gold per room for the basic suites, 20 for the next tier up, and for the diplomatic ones, those run about 50 gold a night." "Of course. Ten gold per night, how long do you plan to stay?" "All right. That was Jester, right?" "Very well, all right." "Thank you, and here is the key to your room." "Second floor, third door on the left, it should be number 12." "So sorry I couldn't be of help with you." Okay. You get into your room. The door opens, it's a beautiful small room, but well decorated and a nice queen-size canopy bed and a dresser with a mirror, a chair, a little-- You turn and in the hallway to where you entered, you see a familiar cloak of deep green, hooded. The cloak nods down towards you and the voice slowly cascades out from underneath, "I'm so sorry she's not aware that you're here now, but you're with friends." "Child, I think I help you quite a bit already." "What do you need?" He leans forward and the hand reaches out and takes your chin a little bit and holds it there. There in the dark space of the hood, you can see the familiar verdant irises looking back and the warmth fills you once more, the comfort that kept you comfortable so many years alone in that room. "I think the more deeds you do, the more lives you change, the more confident brats you break-- She'll find you." The hand pulls back and takes the pamphlet. "Hmm. Adorable." "You know what to do, then?" "I'm never far." As you look down at the pamphlet and look up to say that, he's gone. You hear this faint little (chuckles). "Um, all right." "You're welcome." "Reeve." He had his hand out, looks like he's expecting some sort of a tip-- "Oh, okay." "He's not an interior guard. Based on his markings, it looks like he's supposed to be at the perimeter." "Oh! I misunderstood." "He's not coming in." "I'm sorry, we have to maintain a certain kind of presentation here." Yeah, in this time you could have made your way around. Yeah. "Piss off." You watch as his face-- His eyes go wide for a second and he goes, "You're a fan of the Chastity Nook?" "You hear that?" "No!" "I appreciate what you're trying to do, pay off a Crownsguard of the city of Zadash to let you, a lowlife from the skids of the town, in the most expensive and most well-guarded region of the city. I like my job, I like my head." Jester? Okay. You guys meet up on the outside of the district. As you guys jaunt off to catch up with the rest of the troop, meeting probably-- because you guys would probably be heading back to The Leaky Tap. You manage to gather in the center of the common area. You see a freshly-muddied Caleb enter with a somewhat flustered, but smiling, Jester. By now, I'd say it's probably closer to three in the afternoon-- Taking a little bit of liquid courage as you muster your weaponry and gather your way to the direction to the entry of the sewer where the currently acquired mercenary contract had been taken. And that's where we'll pick up next week. (cheering) Sorry, man! Please continue to try! Not every means to an end is the easiest and most straightforward, man. I want this to be an Ocean's Eleven-style, like three episode mini-arc to get into the smut shop, that's what I want. (laughter) Thank you guys so much for watching. Those I'll see in Kentucky, I'll see you soon. Oh, boy. Be back next week, with Ashley. Excited to have you home for a little longer. I missed you. There was something else I was supposed to talk about. No, I already commented on the giveaway. What was it? Where'd Lockey go? He was supposed to remind me of something.