Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us-- Fuck. Bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. That's how to start the year. Well done. Welcome. We missed you guys. Happy new year. We're here. Holidays were way too short. Or way too long, or both, depending. Anyway, we're back and as part of that, we're going to kick in first with our announcements before we get into tonight's episode. First and foremost, we have our fantastic returning sponsor going into the second year of their support of our campaign here in Wildemount D&D Beyond. All right. Thank you very much, Sam. And thank you, D&D Beyond. All right. Also really sorry for everything. Sorry whoever might be the president of D&D Beyond, so sorry. Probably someone at Curse. With the new year, we have a bunch new shows coming up. You can join us on Tuesday, January 15, next week at 400pm Pacific at twitch.tv/criticalrole for MAME Drop, a new show in which we come in and mess around with the delightful MAME cabinet that we created as part of All Work No Play. Super incredible, cutting-edge technology that was really cool about ten years ago. But it took this long for me to actually get one in my mitts and I'm super excited about it. It's awesome! It's the best. It cuts the ass, let me tell you. Yeah. On Wednesday, January 23 at 500pm Pacific on our Twitch channel, you can tune in for Pub Draw, a new creative series featuring Babs Tarr, fantastic artist and friend of the show and the channel, doing fantastic lessons on how to draw various things. Oh, is that Ciri? That's awesome! I have Witcher-vision. Getting more so with the gray patch. I haven't grown this out in a long time, and when it comes out, and I'm like, "Oh, I'm getting old. Oh boy." I knew I was starting to get a little gray, but-- Tackling with your mortality. Finally, Between The Sheets is coming back, folks. Super excited. Join us for the first episode of season two on Monday, January 28th at 700pm Pacific here at twitch.tv/criticalrole. We have a lot of really awesome guests lined up for this. Super excited to announce. Nothing yet. Keep an eye on our social media and such for announcements as they come. Also, next week, January 18th through January 20th, we have our first Critical Role art gallery, celebrating the fantastic community artists that have been there from day one and then some that have done incredible art pieces that are going to be on display as a part of the Art of Exandria art show. I've been wanting to do this for years. We finally are able to put it together. Seeing some of the art was starting to be putting up. Over 50 pieces of art will be on display at the gallery throughout that entire weekend from Friday to Sunday of next week. Come and check it out. That's at Gallery Nucleus. You can look for all the info you need about it on critrole.com/events. And I believe with that-- Whoa. Wait. That's awesome. This is magnificent. Find Familiar is now the best feat or best spell. So hold that because I'm going to hold that to you whenever you start using Frumpkin in that way. Keep it on standby. All right. I believe now, without further ado, let's jump in to the first 2019 episode of Critical Role. [water bubbling] [thunder] [explosion] (chanting) Role! Critical! Role! [dramatic Critical Role theme] Welcome back. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein after surviving their encounters in Darktow, traveling to and from Urukayxl and managing to release one of the gathered orbs of Uk'otoa's sealing. You made your way to the depths of the Diver's Grave and recovered the third of these orbs that you've come across. Two of which now reside within Fjord's person. You then proceeded on towards what you believed to be the location of one of these temples through a series of visions you've had by Uk'otoa. I knew it was coming. You made your way towards this archipelago. Looked around, set your ship in the center, cast Water Breathing on the group, and you all dove down beneath the waters and found this slightly angled ruin. This partially crumbled temple that sits there at the base of the ocean floor. You saw long, straggling pieces of seaweed slowly waving with the water and what looked to be drowned bodies tangled in them that upon your approach, began to clamber towards you. You fought off a number of them, managed to clear that space and then investigate within the interior of this temple tower. Looking inside with a bit of light, there looked to be some sort of large, mutant crustacean-like creatures all gathered up on the inside. Not entirely certain of the number, just a series of claws and armor and barnacles. Backing away, you all just set yourselves on the ocean floor about 50, 60 feet away from the base doorway. And that's where we left off. So Mighty Nein, let's go ahead and roll initiative. Well, you better hurry up quickly. Organize yourself where you would like to be in this area. You said you were all together about 50 to 60 feet away from the base of the tower. You were clambering on top of it, looked inside, and then moved off of the edge. A little greefy? Like that greefy? What you know right now there's just this one door here and a lot of cracked sections of the stone. Initiatives. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? All right. Fjord, Jester, and Caduceus. Correct. Beau, Nott? You guys are up first. Nott has a higher dexterity, so technically, you can go first unless you want to coordinate something together. You saw a lot of movement inside. 15, 20 for you for one movement. You can use your action to get over here if you want to, or you can use a ki point and bonus because it's half movement. Okay. Nott? That's as far as you can get. Maybe. You guys slowly bound along the seafloor, your feet gently pushing into the silt soft against the base of your foot. You both flank around each side of the open doorway, preparing yourselves for any sort of physical interaction. Ending both your turns, that brings us to Caleb. What are you doing? To Beau? To Nott. Got it. Finishing Caleb's go. There's a faint pause as you're holding back and preparing your spell. Two elongated bluish-green hands peer through. Some sort of a humanoid looking creature, but its skin, somewhat of a deeper, bluer tint than the fish humanoids you had battled on the way in. You see it kind of peeks through and glances out toward those of you who that are currently still visible across the way. Its face humanoid. Eyes a dull, sunken yellowish-green color, but where its mouth is, it's two flaps of skin, like a central mouth that is vertical. Peeks out, you see rubbery, dark tendrils that pull off of its head like a thicker Predator, just beyond the interior. On the inside, yes. As it peers through, its jaw opens up, splits open. You can see two rows of teeth on the inside and the bony projections that holds it open and gives it this six foot wingspan of open jaw to each part. It gives this dull screaming noise as it begins to dart forward. From the doorway. First off, immediately Nott and Beau, you were holding actions. Go for it. Correct. So for the time being, you are considered hasted, and Caleb, you are concentrating on Haste. Correct. That does hit. Apparently, it does not see you, and it's adjacent to Beau at the time as it rushes past Beau. It seems more focused on the group in the back. So your attack does hit, and you do get sneak attack. 25 points of damage. You got it. As the creature begins to skulk through and kicks off the stone outside of this temple, it swims at a faster speed than you were expecting, and as it darts past Beau, Beau swings but goes wide, no impact with the staff. You, however, use that moment, watch as the bolt from the crossbow sinks into its chest. It braces a bit, but keeps darting forward, using the rest of its movement to go. It's a unique sound, because you hear Nott's scream go, "Ah!" right as its voice (roars). It screams out this high-pitched, three-toned whine that causes all of you to reach for your ears. I need everybody within 30 feet to make a wisdom saving throw. Yasha and Fjord are all right. Beau, the rocking pain in your head causes your vision to go white and your muscles seize up and you are stunned for the next round. Caleb? You just barely manage to shrug it off, no issue. Nott? As you feel the adrenaline burst into your system and you begin to move backward, preparing your next bolt, it sears into your brain and your scream immediately cuts to a halt as your lungs hold in place. Jester? Natural one. You as well find yourself doubling over here, your feet pulling up towards your chest as you float and drift to the side, clutching yourself. Caduceus? You just manage to shrug it off. It hurts and your hands go to block it, but as soon as you shake it off, your eyes focus forward. That's going to end its turn. That brings us to Fjord. 30. You guys can swim, so there is an up and down if you need it. Go for it. 12 does not hit. 15 does hit. The first one, it sees you move and you see its brow furrow, realizing that you weren't impacted by the scream. The first one, it ducks out of the way. It spins around and you catch it with the second hit. You got it. Fjord, that ends your go. Jester, you are stunned. But you will have your next turn. It only lasts until the end of its next turn. As you sit there, grasping at your head, you can taste iron in your mouth mingling with the ocean. That brings us to Caduceus. Okay, so all you guys have Bless. Now you have dual Bless, most of the party. This is actually a pretty good combo. Along the ground? That'd put you at about there. All right, that ends Caduceus' go. At this point, you hear this scratching sound, skittering. The doorway that was right there, you watch something claw and tries to pull through and then shoves into it. The stone around the entrance breaks open and the entryway opens slightly as, bursting forth-- One of the creatures from the inside that you had seen before. You saw a glimmering hint of it, looking below, but you see this large crustacean-like entity that has heavy pincer claws. Its face descends into tendrils, these tiny little tentacles that writhe and curl under its mouth. It has a pair of four legs, very arachnid-like, that scurry across the ground. Another one skitters up to the top. And another one from the inside. They can swim, too. The one that's next to Beau is going to take two strikes at you with its pincers. You are, so that's advantage. No, stunned is not paralyzed. Paralyzed is different than that; that's a Hold Person thing. That is a 24 to hit. You take from the impact on that one dual sixes on two d6. That's 16 points of bludgeoning damage, and you are grappled. The other attack is going to be 18 to hit. Miss? As you pull back, even though you're stunned, it grapples you with one hand and goes to try and grab you with the other and you just manage, while still stunned, to pull just out of its grasp. However, you are grappled, so it's going to use its tentacle attack on you as well. You need to make a constitution saving throw. Usually you have to try and pull somebody out of a grapple or push it away from them. As it pulls you in with its grappled claws, tentacles begin to reach towards your shoulders and neck and, like a jellyfish, you feel the sting hit you, but you manage to just writhe enough away and whatever toxin that is trying to release and pour into your system doesn't actually find purchase within your internal body. That's their turn. That brings us to Yasha. There you go, good memory. 18 hits. Also hits. Both attacks hit. All right. As she swings through-- As Yasha moves forward, sword swinging, and-- oh, both of those attacks technically have disadvantage, because you're underwater. So roll once for each again, just to see. Actually, are you affected by it with your mariner's armor? She is, that's right. Yep, still hits. Yeah, already cool, she's fine. Sword, while still resistant against the water, manages to strike twice and carving into this creature, who had already taken the blasts from the other members of your party. The blood around it begins to fill the area with this dark blue-purple-crimson coloring. That finishes Yasha's turn? All right, bringing us to the top. Beau and Nott, you're up. Nope. You will be soon. That's your turn. You're no longer stunned. Bringing us to Caleb. Three, correct. All right, four missiles. Eight points of damage total? 12 points of damage. As it's taking the blasts from all of them, carved through by Yasha, it starts trying to back away as the missiles through the water, carving these little paths of bubbles behind them, slamming into each side. It drifts there, lifeless, in the water next to Yasha. That ends Caleb's turn. It's your movement and action, correct? Holding on to your haste. It is now that creature's turn, but it's dead. Fjord, you're up. Yeah. Sure. Back this way? This way? That'll put you right up there. You boof up in the air around it. Go for it. Against which one? All right, got you. Both hit. You got it. Okay, that ends Fjord's turn. Jester and Caduceus, you guys are up next. Both concentrating on Bless, right? TALIESIN and I'll mark that for the two of you as well. What're you doing? Where would you like for it to be? Okay. The range on that is 60 feet? Yeah, so you can definitely get it. You want it on this edge? All right, go for it. Take it strike. Ba-boom boom boom. It's been a few weeks. Add your spell-- Your spell attack modifier, which is your proficiency bonus plus your wisdom modifier. The difference three weeks can make. That hits. No, it doesn't! It just misses. Oh, shit, sorry. You do. You're blessed by Caduceus. Oh, you did? I'm sorry. It swings through. It manages to hit the side of its body and then scrape off of its hard, armored exterior. Same one, over here? Is that its dexterity? That is going to be a seven. All righty. The flame bursts around and it seems to shrug it off. That ends your turn. Going to stay where you are? All right. Caduceus. Circle around this way? Holding your action for that? You got it. Ending Caduceus' go, it's their turn. This one here that has Beau grappled is going to spin around, which is going to open the doorway. This guy here, both of them are going to leave behind this region. This guy is going to double move. This one's going to come down and get into melee with you, but that's its turn. It moved and dashed. This one here is going to swoop down. Same thing, move and dash, and it's going to head towards Yasha. And then-- Another one comes through the doorway here. Yep. He is going to attempt to move past Beau. Which, Beau, if you want to take it, even though you're grappled, you can take your attack of opportunity to stop it or let it go. Yeah, he's dead. You're no longer stunned. Up to you. You're grappling. You see him running by. 24 hits. Roll damage. You should be. You have to roll one more time. Six points of damage. You got it. We have two of them who dashed down, swimming through the water, curling through the water, and then two stuck on Beauregard. You are grappled by the first one. It's going to make two pincer attacks and tentacles against you. Natural four and a natural two. It's going to be a ten and an eight, so you're still grappled. He's still holding you, but can't quite squeeze onto-- the other one can't snap at you. Make another constitution saving throw for me, please. TALIESIN and The tentacles (slurping) towards you, and you dodge out of the way, keeping it at bay. It's barely touching the edge of your neck as you're trying to shove it. The other guy swings around after being impacted by you and begins to make two pincer attacks against you as well. Natural 20 and natural 19. Not even joking. I'm pretty sure that hits you. No. For the non-crit, that is going to be 13 points of bludgeoning damage. Crit is going to be 22 points of bludgeoning damage. Correct. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You managed to dodge away from the first one, barely noticing the other one come up from behind clasp on and then grapple you. You're now grappled by each of them. One of them has you by the torso, the other by the legs, and they're almost pulling you in half. As it gets another claw into the side and it reaches in, its tentacles begin reaching toward your shoulders. What'd you roll? That's okay, you manage to resist the toxins. You manage to push them back and forth. Both of their heads are pulling towards you. It's closing in your space. All you see is a smattering of claws, angry alien faces, and red filling the water around you, your own. That finishes their turn. Yasha's up. You don't know. You got it. Straight attack on these. 18 hits. Roll damage for the first attack, which is doubled because the creature's vulnerable because of Caduceus. Seeing Yasha strike towards it, focuses divine energy and makes it briefly vulnerable to the strike. Yep. 34 points of slashing damage against the first guy. As it swims down and lands, Yasha carves into it. With each strike, part of its under-bellied shell cracks open slightly, and bits of dull, grayish-black liquid begin to fill the area around it. Its head streaks back, and its tentacles go wild, and you can see from the inside a strange series of clear tendrils that come out of an interior mouth. There's a brief moment of this really creepy, alien physicality, but Yasha is focused and raging and swinging the blade as hard as she can. Ending her turn, bringing us to he top of the round. Beau and Nott, you guys are up. Oh, buddy. Okay. Let's see here. It's an intelligence saving throw. They are not intelligent. That is cocked. That is a 12 minus three. Nine. Which one of these, and what do you create? Yes, you can. We'll get to what it does on its turn, but yeah. As soon as you complete the spell, its head suddenly jerks back, twice, three times. You get the sense it's had effect. You are blessed, I believe, right? 17 hits. Yeah, because it's adjacent to Beau. Is this the same one that has Phantasmal Force? The other one. How much was that? That was-- Yeah, an extra seven. 33 points of damage in one strike. The other one that's holding onto Beau-- she's still being pulled apart from the two different claws. She's about to be bishopped. The secondary one, as it's not freaking out, its tendrils are trying to reach around her face. Suddenly the side of the bolt jams into where you imagine an ocular socket would be in a normal creature. As it impacts, the head jerks back. Little bit of cloud of blood pools off of it, and it looks over in your direction. That hits. Rogues, man. Nice. A second bolt hits it. It looks back in your direction with a second bolt. Now there's two of them sticking out the side of its face. Two of the tentacles curl up around them, wrapping onto whatever purchase it finds on its face, trying to pull it out. That ends your turn? You want to move? You move in, ducking into the mix there. Perfect. That ends your turn. Caleb, you're up. Oh, that's right. Beau. You are. You cannot move unless you break the grapple. It's an action to attempt to escape. A successful grapple attempt would be against both of them, but they'd both get to roll to try and keep you grappled. It's only one action to try and break from both, if you wanted to break free. Up to you. Fair enough. Respect that. 23 hits. It's with disadvantage, right? Roll with disadvantage on these attacks. First swing snaps onto its armor. Your knuckles crack in the instance, and you feel a sharp pain through your wrist. Make your next attack. 19 hits. Roll damage. Constitution saving throw. It's a plus three, but it's a natural four. Seven. It drops the grapple. The grip that it has on you laxes as suddenly the area where you managed to jam the fist, right underneath the jaw, causes part of its throat to collapse inward, and it's at the moment not sure where it is. You feel that one release. The other one still has you, though. That's your action. You still have your bonus. Yeah. All grapple does is lower your speed to zero. You can't move. Restrained is what really fucks you up because that gives advantage on attacks against you. Where its eyes would be, you imagine. Trying to look for an eye to glare at. Perfect. That ends your turn, Beau. Caleb, you're up. 4th-level Magic Missile! 22 points of damage against which one? You got it. Perfect. 22 points of damage on that. Each one impacts. The shell darkens from the blasts as all six bolts-- you full-on Robotech-style missile into the sides of it. There's a series of small, dull explosion sounds in the nearby water before it goes still. It's still moving and shifting around, but its head is thrashing about wildly, seemingly distracted by something you can't see. Now it's their go. The one that is still holding Beau releases her and begins scrabbling towards its face. It manages to strike out and clasp nothing. Natural 20. Critical hit on nothing as it's striking out in the direction of its face, trying to clear this little goblin off of its visual cortex, its tentacles reaching out to nothing. It moves and shifts this way to try and scrape and get off. It's going to wreck it there. Does it get to make a saving throw at the end of each of its turn? It does. It doesn't get to save every turn, it looks like, but it lasts for a minute. You can continue to do damage to it. It thinks it's real, but it's starting to wonder as it's done a few hits that should have snatched this thing up. It's finding no purchase, so you get the sense that maybe the illusion is starting to-- you've gotten a round of distraction from it. I'll put it that way. So it's just a quick little goblin. (laughter) Yeah. Interesting, so it's more frustrated that it's taking damage from this little creature, but the damage is negligible. It's now like, "Fuck it." This is me rationalizing its rationalization. You manage to get her free of the grapple. He did. Go for it. Oh, you rolled a natural one? He does move. It's fine. That one shoots past that one here towards Caduceus. Actually, I looked at the wrong order. There's a few more turns before they get a chance to go. We'll say that happened if it gets to it. That was actually the initiative for the creature that you've already killed. Fjord, you're up. Same height, or are you lowering yourself? You can get into melee, I'll say, with this one. Technically both of them, you can get to both of them. It is, yes. You gotcha. Both attacks are advantage against the stunned creature, I believe. Yes. Correct. Yeah, that hits. 20 hits. Damage for the second strike, go for it. As you swim down, quickly, falchion, whack, slicing across it. On the one that's stunned? Sure. There you go. Fjord, that finishes your go. Jester and Caduceus, you guys are up. It can move 20 feet, right? Nope. It floats partway down-- jeez, I keep dropping everything. Been gone for three weeks and I can't even function. It does get part of the way, but next round it can get down there. I know. You're going to swim up over the-- You can get one, two, three. That's as far as you can get. Swimming is half movement, unfortunately. It's a constitution saving throw? That is a 14. Beautiful. The area around its head where there's an armored shell that protects its face area cracks a bit from the impact. Bits of its shell are starting to flake off. That one's starting to look pretty hurt. Are you going to move or stay where you are? That ends your turn, then. Caduceus. It will make an attack of opportunity on you as it sees you disappear. It goes out towards you. It has disadvantage on the attack. That is 17 to hit. You do. Roll damage first. 14 points of damage, nice. The strength saving throw is a six. That'd be your spell DC. (blasting) It gets blasted back from the impact. You see a flash from the shield and this bubble of energy well up and then force it back with a sudden impact as it gets pushed away. You dart around the side. That's your action? Okay, cool. That ends your turn. Next up is their turn. The one that got blasted back is going to move, (counting) 30. It's not within range to actually get anybody, and it doesn't see where you are, so instead the person that it sees immediately is going to be Caleb. Then it moves the rest of its 30 feet to get into-- We'll say it knocks you a little bit out of the way, but it doesn't have anything to attack with because it used its action to get up next to you. Currently is in melee with both of you. No, I didn't come across you. It didn't quite cross your path. This one over here is going to-- This one's stunned. This one here is going to be now up against Fjord. It's going to strike out towards you twice, Fjord. It's ignoring the goblin. You can still do damage with it every turn, and it still sees it, and is considering it-- actually, I'll make an intelligence saving throw. No, it's true. You're right. No, you're right. I fucked up my own order. Cool. It did. No, I had it waste its action to try and attack the thing. Yep. As the two very big attacks on nothing, it's starting to not worry about it. The other one is stunned. That ends its turn. The one on Yasha is going to attack twice. That's going to be a natural 20. You were using you reaction to hold your-- When you're holding an action, it uses your reaction to release it. The other one is a 17 to hit. All right. Critical is 22 bludgeoning damage to her, reduced to 11, and the second one is nine points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four. She's grappled by it. It has her held in both of its claws, holding her there in front and then tendrils begin to move towards her face. She needs to make a constitution saving throw, please. She's dealt with harsher toxins than this. She doesn't even duck out of the way. She just takes it and it doesn't have an effect. It burns and nothing. I got that one and that one. Yeah, that's their turn. Man, that stun. That stun and that illusion. That ends their go. Yasha's up now. 16 just hits. Misses. But the first one does hit. The first strike goes through, so it's full damage times two. 38 points of damage. How does Yasha want to do this? As she drags it down the side of its body, she puts her foot up, and using that, she pushes to the side and watches it tear in half. You see a bunch of internal purple sinew and muscle tear open. It gives this horrible dull squeak sound before it goes limp and begins to float and slowly sink to the bottom. That finishes Yasha's turn. She has movement, yes. All right. One, two, three. She gets into that one there. Yep. All right, that finishes Yasha's go. Beau and Nott, you guys are up. That one is still stunned, because it's until the end of your next turn. Go for it. No attack of opportunity from the one that's stunned, so as you flip through the water-- Go for it. 22 hits. You can roll and extra d4. It's still going to hit. Yeah, so the first one hits. Roll damage for that. Okay. How much damage was that? Natural one. So now he's stunned. Monks, man. As you dart over, remember the place right under its jaw where you're seeing its tendrils are trying to go towards you, you jam the staff right into its throat there and as it does, it pulls back, unable to really get its bearings. Second attack. These are both happening in the air as you're arcing. Correct. Damn. The luck on this round. Six points of damage. All right. You still have your bonus. Technically they're both stunned, but which one do you want to do? Okay, the one that was stunned first. Got it. 16 just hits. Ten points of damage, all right. That's the only time I've ever seen a cocked d4. On the edge, yeah. I know, it's impressive. 17 hits. That is two impacts as you bludgeon that one who's stunned and arc on the other side. It's looking hurt, but it's still in the fight. That ends your turn? All right, Beau's done. Nott. Okay. Those creatures are all stunned and they're within your short range, so you have advantage on the attacks. Okay, so they all hit. Sam. Now you do. All right, first attack. That hits. That hits. That hits. Against which ones? The first strike is against him. Roll your sneak attack on him. The bolt gets lodged in its throat and it just managed to shrug off the-- actually no, that one's not stunned anymore, because it was the end of your turn. Oh man. I got this all confused. My own fault, go ahead. That first one probably would have hit anyway at this distance, so that damage does take it out. Right. All right. The first one wipes it out. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Three weeks. Getting rusty. Correct. It slowly crumples to the bottom of the ocean. Take your next strike. The other one is stunned, so those two other strikes would have hit, so you're fine. Yeah, roll damage for the other two. All right, so 14 total. Got it. Correct. It takes the impact and spins around trying to look towards you, and it sees you, but then you're still on its face. It's very confused. Yeah. It's not having a good day. That finishes your turn, Nott. Caleb, you're up. 15 points of damage. Probably. That ends your go, Caleb. The impacts in the front of it. Parts of its chest blacken from the blast of the Magic Missile, but it shrugs it off. This one seems relatively, comparably unharmed to the others. It's taken a few hits, but it's doing all right. That finishes your go, Caleb. Fjord, you're up. He slams the falchion into the ground. There's a blast of electrical energy and this force wave immediately sucks in and they're missing. They're gone. Where are you guys going? You got it. Does it get a dex saving throw against that to try and reduce damage? That is going to be a 20. So does it take damage? Half damage? Got it. Ten damage. As the water explodes and then sucks in, the creature is stunned and is looking very hurt, but it's still (snarling). Correct. The creature is ten spaces wide. You can. Fuckstick has been Hexed. For which one? Oh, for Hex? No, Hex was the other one that had died. Sorry. That's all right. That finishes Fjord's go. Jester, Caduceus, you're up. Caduceus, you reappear in your space. Go for it. It has advantage because it's stunned. It's a Spiritual Weapon. It's not material, so it's not hindered by-- 17 hits. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Eventually it jams itself into this creature's maw repeatedly as it backs away. The back of its shelled head begins to crack before it splinters at the back. The Spiritual Weapon emerges from the back of its skull and it crumples to the ground. Over here? All right. All right. Because of Caleb's position, you do have flanking bonus, so you have advantage on the attack roll. Technically it's considered a melee attack, so you would have disadvantage on the strike, but it give you advantage because he's there, so it's just a straight roll. 24 hits. 4d10. Ooh. Roll some damage. As you reach out, after flipping over and landing behind it, you grab the back of it, and you see the divine energy pulse through, this dull grayish-blue energy arc down your forearms, hit the shell, and these sparks of dark energy break through, causing these small bits of its shell to break and flake off in areas. It's shocked from the impact. Did a pretty decent bit of hurt to it. That the end of your turn? I believe it does. Caduceus, what are you doing? It's going to make an attack towards you. That's going to be 21 to hit. Okay. You take eight plus six points of damage, that's 14, and you are grappled, so you do not move. You do. Also make a constitution saving throw to see if you can maintain Bless. Nine. Bless fades. Those who were blessed by Caduceus, you no longer get your d4 bonuses. Dex saving throw? Natural one! You got it. After it grabs and pulls you in, you actually blast it from inside its claw. You release the spell from your staff and the flame burns up the outside, blackening the outside of its crustacean-like armored shell. Ending your turn, Caduceus, correct? All right. It's now its turn. It has Caduceus grappled in one claw. Yep. Yeah, it's going to continue its path. It releases Caduceus, and it's going to go all in on its original quarry, which is Caleb. It's a natural 18 plus six, that's 24 to hit. 15 points of bludgeoning damage, and you are grappled. Second attack. That's going to be 20 to hit. That is 11 points of bludgeoning damage. As it slams both of its claws into you, it's grabbing you from both sides of your torso and legs, pulling apart as the pain hits in. It grabs you in towards its face and its tendrils lap around your head and neck area. Make a constitution saving throw for me. As the venom pulses into your body, you feel your entire torso, legs, arms, seize with searing pain. You are paralyzed and poisoned. Why would you have had to change it? I trust you on that. 13 would resist it. It's a DC 13. So yeah, and that would be enough to resist it. As the poison begins to pulse into your system, in the moment the pain begins to hit the back of your skull, you immediately glance towards the transmuter's stone that you're clutching in your right hand, and with that, you feel the energy pulse through your body and shrug off the toxin from entering the deep parts of your system. Perfect. Ending its turn, Yasha's up. Sure. She looks inside, and there, skitter-- no, I'm kidding. (laughter) Looking through the interior of the now partially jagged, broken entrance to this temple's base, you can see this very heavily covered, seaweed-infested interior that wraps around the inside, and one central, big, knotted tangle of seaweed. Is that Yasha's turn? Top of the round Beau and Nott. Yes, it will. It's where Nott's been the whole time. Hiding right over there. Excuse me! You scoot around and jam it. For your second attack? Unfortunately, no. Your first strike is prodding it with the staff. You still have your bonus action. 14 misses, unfortunately. Doesn't miss; you impact and reach through and-- That finishes Beau's turn, Nott, you're up. There you go. All right, roll your sneak attack damage. Yes, you do. How do you want to do this? (cheering) There's a brief bit of warm, hot, sharp pain on the outside of your earlobe. --as the bolt enters the base of the creature's skull. You don't see it protrude. You don't even know where it went. You just see it vanish and the creature is standing there for a second. As it falls onto its back, its legs all curl in like a spider and its claws close in. That's right! This time you, with the falchion, rake it out of the air. A few moments pass as you guys glance around the area to take in whether or not there's some danger. You manage to pull off the pincer from around your body. She looks back from the inside and goes-- The lip quiver. (laughter) Make a nature check for me, if you don't mind. Looking at the seaweed in this interior, it is of the same variety as that which is clustered around the rest of this tower. It is not similar, from what you can tell, to what you encountered at Dashilla's lair in the Diver's Grave. You're not certain if it has any interest in you guys, but it doesn't seem to be reacting to your presence. Make a persuasion check. Life needs love to live! What are the rest of you doing? As you guys take a short rest, you can use your hit dice to heal up. Sure. Make a perception check at first. Okay. Then make an investigation check. That's better. Looking around the interior, there doesn't appear to be any trap doors or anything that's hidden amongst the space. There's the heavy clusters of seaweed that fill up along the walls, and it largely obscures-- when you look up, you can see-- because it's dark inside, aside from the light that's there. At the very top of the tower, where the light tends to fade, you see the open circular top where the faint bit of blue light from the sky above comes through the ocean. You can see all the different slowly-waving tendrils of seaweed cluttering up a lot of that space. The center area, you glance over, and you can see where that big mass of seaweed and underwater plant life is. Along the edge of where it is, you prod it, and it softly gives a little bit, past the floor. The tendrils that are from its head that you saw trailing behind it are as long as the length of its body. There's about 12 of them that drift behind it, though they're all limp now, and it just lies there, destroyed. It's wearing an old, slightly tattered robe, who knows how ancient. That's as much detail as you can make off of it, other than its jaws limply hanging open, these dull lifeless flaps where you can see the toothy interior of its mouth as it hangs. Make an investigation check. Look at that! Change your group name to The Mighty Four here today. I know! Well, you're all a little busted about that previous battle. No pockets, no keepsakes. It looks like it's pretty plainly adorned. You go over and look. A lot of this is-- there's roots around the edge of it where some of the plant has rooted itself to the stone floor of this temple, but there's large portions of it that go beyond those roots. Upon pushing on it, it has some give below that central area. It looks like there's some sort of opening or a space below the center. No. It's pretty gross. Make an investigation check. As Jester said, no pockets, no trinkets. Nothing on it but the tattered robe it's wearing and its weird, somewhat almost dolphin-like rubbery flesh. You guys drag its body back over to the tower base. That's okay. What's up? What're you guys doing? You've taken a short rest. Okay. The seaweed itself is pretty knotted and tangled and twisted around itself. As the Mage Hand gives and pulls, it very softly releases its hold on the other tendrils and pulls apart, like someone sweet talked a bit of it. It's still tangled and still a lot of it there, but it's not holding taut. You imagine that someone could probably climb through it. Okay. As you reach out and your hand grasps the edge of the seaweed, it moves with your touch and drifts a bit. It's seaweed. Okay. You dive in and pull your way through. Reaching up, you're now in an inverse state. What is up is down as you pull yourself below and upward, sifting and yanking through and finding sections where you have to pull and find a space. Thankfully, you're the smallest of the troupe, so it's not as hard for you. You begin to descend, ten, 20, 30 feet or so, and the seaweed isn't dissipating. It's just dark. You have darkvision, but right now all you can see is clusters of seaweed. It's very Poltergeist, in a way, as you're pulling your way through. About 40 feet down, your hands reach through. The small tunnel that you've been clambering through below opens up on the sides. You glance and look inside, and you appear to be in some sort of a spherical chamber, roughly about 60 feet across, side to side. You're at the top of it, looking down. There are clusters of seaweed. All around it, there's plant life that's embedded in aspects of it. A bunch of the seaweed is all coming up and tangling towards the center to create this upward column of plant matter. Make a perception check. Taking a moment, very carefully, eyeing the space, no signs of life. Oh! Two little fish. Roll initiative against the death minnows. Yeah, the place looks relatively empty beyond the plant life that exists there. There you go. TRAVIS and Everybody follows? You all head down. It's a slimy climb. Since you're all a little larger than Nott, especially Yasha, there's a bit of difficulty in pulling through. At some points, Yasha angrily tears bits apart and starts making her way down. You all eventually manage to clamber through, slipping into the lower chamber. All of you get to see this large, spherical chamber where the wrapping seaweed spirals upward to fill that space. The structure is semi-familiar in size and design to you, Fjord. Light fills the space. You can now see. Are you looking in the space? Make a perception check. A lot of plant. A lot of plant matter. A bit of stone. Make an investigation check. (whispers) "Uk'otoa." What did you roll? 27 investigation. A few things catch your eye. As you're all having this conversation, Caleb dives towards the bottom and begins rummaging through the base of the seaweed to look on the base. The first thing you notice is there's a skeleton. Yes. A skeleton that is wrapped in leather armor. The bones of the skeleton, you could see a lot of mineral deposits have gathered around it, where the skeleton looks weirdly swollen. A lot of buildup on it, like you've seen those sunken ships that look lumpy. You find that. The leather armor is pristine, but the skeleton is fucked. You also see, clustered around the base there, numbers of small, shiny bits of material that the light that Caduceus had cast is refracting off it, coins gold, platinum, copper, silver. You look and rummage in the one side. You find a glass vial that is tangled in weeds that has a dull, swirling, blue-gray color to it that's thick. You pull it out, and it's still stopped and kept. You full-on Terminator-scanned the base of this area. You glance over, and other people are watching Caleb as he starts rummaging through and finding there is a collection down here. There is a six-inch-wide, thick glass sphere that appears to be empty that's resting on the ground as well. Yeah. It was rolled into and wrapped around by some of the local plant life. You do see as well a small, green piece of stone, carved to look like a feather almost, but it's made of a deep jade or green stone, and a small piece of agate stone that catches your eye, mostly covered in grime. You rub off and polish it. You can see the agate stone from beneath it. Agate stone, skeleton. I'll show you. And plenty of coins. As you are rummaging through the coins, and you shift through where the glass sphere was, it rolls off the side. Beneath where it settles with much of the coins, you can see a lot of coins are filling the space, but there's a little bit of a divot, roughly about the size of half a fist, in the floor. No. The sphere that you found is larger. It wouldn't fit. It was resting in the space. It has grime around it. You rub it off a bit. It's a see-through glass. The skeleton as well? Okay. You guys start gathering and shoveling coins into your pockets and pouches and everything. Both of you guys, make investigation checks for me to glean how much you can find amongst the tangled seaweed. How long are you taking? Are you going until you can't find any more? It would take you about 15 minutes to do it. It's a lot of coins. Okay. You guys keep searching. What are the rest of you doing? The armor is studded leather. It's well made. There's a bunch of black sediment and general slime and grime from the red plant life that's gathered around the various plates of it that are fastened together, but it rubs off relatively easily. It's well made. Make an investigation check for me. It looks fairly plain. As you pull it up, the bones snap and the skull tumbles off of the neck and spinal cord. As that happens, you glance on the inside. While it looks plain on the outside, on the inside of the shoulder and the back of the plate, you can see faintly pressed runes. Not really. Make a medicine check. Yeah. You're the one who's asking. I'll give it to you. You each get to roll as you take a look at it. Game the system. What did you roll? Okay. Looking at it, the lower parts of the ribcage on the inside, as well as the hips and the pelvis of the skeleton, are crushed. You look at some of the crushed bones, and you pull it back; you can see scrapes across the bone, like edges of something sharp that had crushed through it also had some sort of an edge to it. Yeah. Oh, you've grabbed the leather armor? Okay. You guys all make your way up and begin to clamber through. I do. All right. As you all ascend and vanish from sight, leaving Fjord and Frumpkin behind, you look down upon the base of this interior chamber-- the same recess that you had met before at Urukayxl beneath the temple of the yuan-ti. You can see, now that you're surveying it by yourself, standing over it, the hints of the same spiral grooves that all emerge from it in the similar pattern as the one you previously saw, carving up the walls and meeting the upper area with the faint bits of runes occasionally visible along the same form of prison-enchantment placed on this chamber as the one you've already seen. Okay. As you place the sword pommel down into the center of that recess, the eye glows, glows. Your vision goes dark and dark, to black. Flash of bright yellow light. Your eyes wince, though you force them open. Looking ahead of you, you can see a bright yellow eye, the size of your body, staring towards you, emitting this painful glow, the singular dark slit from top to bottom focusing and twitching in your direction before it finds you. "Watching." You hear a deafening crack, and though your eyes are still adjusting to the light before you and focusing intently on this eye, on the peripheral around it, you can just barely make out shifting shadows, like tendrils or movement. Something serpentine beginning to shift. It seems to be resisting some sort of binds. (cracking) Making gains on them. "Adapt." A loosened tendril curls behind you. You don't change your focus, looking at the eye. You feel, like an icy blanket, this scaly-like tail, almost as large as your body, begin to wrap around you. The touch is freezing, ice cold, and you feel your back arch. It begins to envelop and squeeze you. "Reward." The cold sensation overwhelms your senses. Your entire body goes numb and your vision begins to blur once more. The light of the eye begins to fade as the cold sensation and the grasp of this tendril becomes the entirety of your awareness. You hear a distant sound of muffled cracking again. As the blackness claims your vision, you see a distant shape a broken shore at midnight before you. Waves curl against this shore, this long, protracted beach, with just a faint bit of starlight in the night, giving you just the basic outline of it. Along that beach, you see three points of light-- different from what your previous vision was. They're not bright, singular points, but three focused gathering of dull lights. You glance over. They're cities, cities at night, three of them along the shore. Beyond that, a faint bit of yellow grabs your attention. Beyond these three coastal cities, you see a forest, jungle. You can't make out the details from this strange, elevated vantage point. You feel like you're flying above the sky. The light grows brighter, and it's the same tint as the eye that summoned you here, as the spheres that you've claimed through your journey. Above that forest, you see, looming, the peak of a mountain range. As that light grows brighter and brighter in the heart of this jungle, you hear once more, "Release." The light gets brighter until it begins to hurt your eyes. You're trying to focus on it, trying to will yourself towards it, and it gets too much and you force your eyes shut. The minute you open them, you're back in the chamber. Your body is pins and needles as the numbness begins to fade. You glance down. The yellow sphere that was at the base of your sword, the eye, is just the dull, lifeless metal that was there when you first found the falchion. All the runes suddenly begin to glow with that same yellow, faint light. The spirals all around you. The stone shifts again and cracks, and you see bits of stone and leftover sediment begin to release within the inside of the chamber. Okay. The rest of you up top, all of a sudden, you feel this seismic activity around the base of this-- (cracking) A second one. You can see now-- previously, these very difficult-to-find-- runes that were filled in with bits of dust and sand and muck that had gathered, begin to burst up and reveal the same yellow runes that you had seen previously in the temple light up the chamber around, where the hydra battle took place. No apparent connection from what you can tell. However, as the second impact hits, the tower (crumbling). Yeah. Okay. You guys all begin to leave. What order? Who's going first? Okay, you're next. Doesn't matter, you're being pushed through. Jester and Beau, I need you both to make dexterity saving throws, and you as well, Fjord, as you make it going through the top. 15 points of bludgeoning damage as bits of the stone knock you around. You take half of that, so you only take seven. What'd you roll, Fjord? You rolled a seven, so you take the 15 points as well. As you manage to move through the space and just as, Fjord, you emerge, and the rest of you begin to make your way outside of the temple, you hear this low rumble. You watch as some of the rubble that was tumbling inside suddenly begin to push upward. The current of water around you begins to change in an odd way, like there's a sudden suction you weren't expecting, and all of you begin to be drawn towards the temple once more. All the seaweed begins to tear loose and be thrust upward. There is a geyser bursting from the chamber below where you once were, and it's causing this vacuum that's pulling you up with it. All of you make strength saving throws, please, to try and grab something in the vicinity. You can, if you'd like to. A lot of you may be, yes. Yeah, you guys are being pulled back towards the temple. Okay, I'll allow that. Don't even have to make saving throws. As you all begin to be pulled into it, this vacuum, as the geyser is tearing up, you watch as the temple that was collapsing is now being pulled up and bits of the stone are being thrust up into the sky above it into the top of the ocean. All of you feel the immense drag and then it laxes again and you turn around and see Jester sitting there, arms out, forcing the will of the ocean around to hold tight and still around you. All of you begin to rise up at a rocketing speed towards the surface of the ocean. As the water passes by, you manage to all emerge from the top. The speed that you're at, now that you know it's coming, you manage to do your best to slow your descent and land carefully; I won't make you roll for any damage. As you all land, you hear this (whooshing) sound as you glance over in the direction off the side of where that temple top would have been. There is a geyser shooting a hundred feet in the air. Bits of rock are being thrown like volcanic bombs in different directions, and then (quieter whooshing) it loses its force and power, eventually coming to rest, and the ocean is no longer spraying into the air. The ship's maybe a few hundred feet from where you were. You guys jog your way towards the ship. You see somebody off the side notice you and start shouting to the rest of the crew, at which point the sails are unfurled a bit and, as you guys make your way towards the edge, they throw the rope ladders, and you all begin to climb your way back onto the Balleater's deck. You sense that lingering pins-and-needles hasn't quite faded entirely. There's a buzzing energy about you. It's something connected to the ocean. Something connected to water. Borrowing from the imagery that you've seen with Avantika's attempts at shaping and manipulating the waters that surround her-- Correct. As you will the water to follow-- and you guys watch this as well-- it extends in a tendril and wraps up to the edge of the ship and seems to be awaiting a command. Orly, at this point, has rushed up and is like, "Captain, where we going?" "All right," and begins shouting out commands, and you hear a voice shouting out from the crow's nest, Marius LePual, "Captain! Ship sighted!" and you see him pointing off to the side. You guys glance towards the southern archipelago island, and at the edge of one of the cliff sides where there is a waterfall and a bit of the forest gathered there, the front of a boat is emerging from what is a previously-unseen seaside cave. And that's where we're going to take our break. (groaning) Yes, you may. All you saw was him place the sword in the spot, there was a flash of light from where it was, and he was immediately-- There was no time passage. Correct. We'll be right back here to see what happens here for the next bit. Oh man, we're just getting started! We have our fantastic Wyrmwood giveaway, so before we leave, we have to give away tonight this awesome purpleheart tabletop tray. You've seen it here before, it's one of the awesomest colors here. It's beautiful, leather inside-- thank you, Liam. I think we all wanted it. That'll be granted to one of you lucky winners. To enter, head on over to the Critical Role Twitch chat here at twitch.tv/criticalrole and enter tonight's keyword beard, B-E-A-R-D, beard. Enter it once; more than once and you'll be disqualified, and once again, it's only for critters in the US and Canada, excluding Quebec, because weird laws. We'll have the winner when we return. See you in a few minutes. Welcome back. Before we jump in, our winner of the fantastic Wyrmwood giveaway tonight is Drinscorpio. Drinscorpio, congratulations. We'll get your info and get that sent to you ASAP, but well done. Oh no. Does it smell like durian? You ever see those super spiked Asian fruit? All righty. As you all get onto the ship and Orly begins to make the course, you hear Marius LePual shouting from the crow's nest that there is a ship emerging. You turn it and look towards the southern island of the archipelago and see, emerging from a seaside cave that you had not noticed upon entry, the front of a ship, the bow piercing the edge and making its way towards you. You don't know. You can wait and find out. What are you doing? Okay. All right, the sails begin to drop-- begin to pick up the wind and make your way which direction? East, north? Northeast would be the way. All right. Making that route-- you're giving the direction-- the sails pick up and the ship begins moving. As the ship turns around the corner and you're glancing as it makes its way in your direction, no colors flying. Similar size, if a little bit smaller than your ship. Correct. There is a spyglass on board, as part of the equipment. You may. Make a perception check with advantage. Mm-hmm. Yeah, with the spyglass. Okay. As you glance off to the side, you can see the ship. There appears to be a crew waiting on deck, scattered amongst the edges of it, looking over. Maybe six people you can see. They're all dressed in drab, dark grays and blacks and greens. Sails fully open at this point, and you do notice that there are gunports on it, four gunports on the side that you can see that are being opened currently. Correct, no flags. At this point, from what you can gather as you're turning around and heading in that direction-- because you were towards that southern island for the place in between the three of them where you found-- it's maybe about, at this point, 2,000 or so feet away from you. You are taking down some of the crew to begin manning the guns? All right. You have the special officer action on the lower left area. There's also one here for the captain and the first mate. With the statistics for your ship. As we are currently-- The cannons you have here are 120, short range, 480-foot, long range. The top two. The only person that gets the bottom action is you because you're the master gunner. Are you guys fleeing, or are you engaging? Your crew takes care of the loading for you, but you as the master gunner, every round, can give that benefit to one of the cannons that are being fired. It's hilarious how that game came out this year and this has been our adventure. It's helped me learn a lot. You have seven. There were eight, but one of them got damaged. It should tell you, you have-- Right now, because you're perpendicular to them, you're going to have to turn to make that motion, which is how they're able to start gaining on you. You do have some lead time. Right now, no. You're facing where the ship was when you got on in a southeast way, so you're going to have to turn to make your way that way, but you can. You still have a little bit of gain on them. Right now, they are on the starboard side, yes. Starboard bow. Each of you can do one of these on your turn for the round-- once we engage in any sort of ship-to-ship combat, but right now, you guys are too far away. You choose now; you can either choose to engage or you can choose to try and outrun them. All right, so are you giving the Full Speed Ahead action, essentially? Okay. The sails unfurl, the ship begins to turn, making its way towards port side, arcing northeast to try and pick up the wind and begin to gain slow speed. The other ship has turned and is making its way in your path and is gaining speed rapidly. It was prepared for your arrival and it took you guys a minute to get everyone engaged to go ahead and start shoving off. It's closed the distance to about a thousand feet over the time it takes you to start, get everything ready to go, and head in that direction. Like I said, it is smaller, probably faster, and its crew are looking to try and catch up and engage. We'll find out. Let's go ahead and roll initiative, guys. For all of you, and the boat has its own initiative. Yeah, you could just hang out if you want. That's true. Oh, the ship did well with a 15. You guys, however, not so great. That's a six for you guys. All right. 25 to 20, guys? 20 to 15? All righty. 15 to ten? All righty. And then who's left, it's Yasha? But yeah, she-- All right. Anyway. I did. No, their ship is 15; you guys got a six. Their ship had a 15. All right, anyway. The ships are moving. They're too far away for you to fire. In giving the orders to move, you guys are managing to stay pretty neck and neck as far as travel for the moment. Maintaining a fair distance. As you head northeast, just passing beyond the island to the east side of you, pushing outside of the archipelago, the wind begins to die a little bit and your speed slows. So does theirs, it seems. But it doesn't. Their sails maintain up. Their sails do. It's been more than ten minutes since you guys shoved off though. I'll show you. We'll say for the purposes of distance-- I'm putting this down because it's more interesting to look at than just a table. But we'll say-- We'll say this is them. We'll say this is you guys about a thousand to 900 feet away. Let me see, what can I use here for landmasses? Sure, that'll work. We'll say as you're coming around here, this is the island. You guys are heading-- this is north, this is east, and you're coming through this space here. We'll use this here as the other island as you're moving past, we'll say. Okay. As you guys maneuver and tend to hang in close, making your way in towards the island, they do gain a little bit of distance. I need you to make a survival check as you are currently leading the ship to try and avoid any sort of heavy rocks and things along the side of the island. He's the captain, unfortunately, yeah. Ooh. That puts you at a-- that's a three total? Yeah, so three. Okay. Heading towards the side there, pushing a little close in to the island. Immediately you hear (collision). Not enough to damage the hull to a serious point, but it does suffer two points of slashing damage, we'll say, across the hull. It is. Moving forward, it manages to dislodge from the rock, suffering another six points of slashing damage. You manage to pull off the rock. Noticing this jutting, the other ship rolls better and manages to avoid-- No. They are still gaining, though. They're about 600 feet away. Are you guys continuing straight? All this shifts over this way. As you guys continue to hug the side, they gain to about 400 feet... 300 feet... What do you do? So Control Water? You're too far away from the beach to push them onto the beach itself. You have 300 feet from them, but they're still about 200 or 300 feet out from any sort of sandbank that would impact them. There are rocks in the vicinity, so I'll consider that a little bit of a benefit to the chance of capsizing. You're attempting to capsize the ship, 25 percent chance. I'll make that a 30 percent chance. Roll a percentage die for me, if you don't mind. As you guys watch as Caduceus concentrates-- The first one... Yes, so roll-- what? Yeah. You watch as the ocean (rumbling), swells up and slams into the ship. The ship (collision and rumbling) capsizes and scrapes onto the edge of a bank of heavy rocks. I'm going to get rid of that initiative order that's not going to do anything now. Set aside all these great-- Yeah. You gather, as you begin to turn the ship around and watch their ship, they do not have anything to right it from being capsized against a bunch of jagged rocks. Yeah. For the purposes of brevity-- No, don't apologize! That's what this shit's for. That was a 30 percent chance for an immediate win, and you did it. As you turn around and prepare the cannons, you see the top half of the sideways ship begin to sift over to where the actual base of the hull and the cargo hold is now visible at the top. Bits of the masts have snapped and are now floating with the sails in the ocean. You can see a few people that are starting to scramble out from underneath as you let loose a volley of cannon fire on it. You can roll those attacks if you'd like to. Three attacks, but the first one has additional damage. Is it all to the hull? That's most of what you can see right now. Was it 13, 13, 20 you said? The first two (whooshing, splashing). The third one slams into the hull. Roll damage. Thankfully, most of this was available as an Unearthed Arcana in D&D and I did my own tweaks. About an hour wasted. 30 points of damage. You splinter into the hull, which has already taken a shit-ton of damage. Yeah, the ship's fucked. Sorry, Mike Mearls. We tried to play with it a little more. (laughter) Nah. (laughter) You can see shards of wood all scattered in the area around it, and the boat is sinking. Between the impact of being capsized by the wave, the blast of the cannon fire, and the fact that you're so close to the edge of the island put it in a position where it can't right itself. Make a perception check. There are seven swimming survivors. Well, let me put my papers away. SAM and Don't apologize! That was awesome! That's how you do it! As you're shouting over the edge, the ones that you can see, they're mostly raggedy-looking human ne'er-do-wells. They look like they've probably been at sea for a while, skin tanned and burned in places. There is one tabaxi among them that is the only one that's actually responding to anything you're saying. She goes, "Bring us aboard. Show mercy." She's swimming, and trying-- the water is thrashing her around. Do you bring up all seven survivors? I don't know, how many do you have? Are you firing the cannons? Everything that was on the ship aside from the cannons-- Yeah, you got one. One by one, you pull the water-logged wayfarers that were on the opposite ship. They all get back onto the dock and look particularly frustrated, angry. They seem to be sizing each of you up with their eyes as they all take a place, a begrudgingly subservient position, until eventually the tabaxi gets up, climbs and shakes this wide-brimmed black velvet hat that looks stained and fucked up from the sea water. There was a large feather plume on it that looks like it's snapped in the middle and hanging. She's like, "Ugh. Well done. You cheated the hell out of "that, but what do you want of us?" "Well, because you wandered into the middle of the archipelago and seemed to be easy pickings. "What else?" The tabaxi, which wears a very calico fur coloring, head turns to the side and goes, "The what?" One of the other pirates goes up and puts a hand on the shoulder and goes, "It's okay, "Captain. We got taken out by the Balleater." (laughter) The tabaxi's eyes narrow. "Are you the captain of this vessel?" "And your name is...?" "I am Captain Serack Feng." F-e-n-g. "Well, you have managed to sink the--" "--the Salty Criss." The captain looks back over and it is gone. It's beneath the waves. "Well, not anymore, but we "have our lives and a third of our crew." "A third of our crew." "They're not here, are they?" "It caught our attention." They all wince at the idea. "Could you maybe leave us on the island?" "What do you think, small one?" "Aye aye, captain." The ship begins to make its way towards the edge. Since you're not in the middle of a rush here, you take some time to find what looks like the way to get close to the beach. Are you lending them a rowboat or tossing them into the ocean? (splashing) The tabaxi turns towards the four men who haven't jumped overboard yet. "Hey, Levar. You're "up," and then jumps off. He's like, "Oh--" There's a fair canvas of varying levels of faded tattoos that mark shoulders and forearms. They're all really well-made. "Thank you." You can see the soaked, ratty, gray shirt. He pulls it up, and the entire body is tattooed, from wrist-- "Put it right there." "Sure, fine, do it. Just get it over with." Roll a dexterity check. SAM and You produce a fairly successful, clean tattoo of your intended design. (grunts) He jumps off the side of it. (splashing) At this point now, it's starting to get closer to dusk. They all swim to the shore. They've begun assembling whatever scraps they can from the nearby tree line to start building a small camp for the night. What do you guys want to do? "Aye aye, Captain. If I might ask, what business are we looking for in Brokenbank?" "No stopping?" If anyone's sick? There seem to be decent supplies. You stocked up at Bisaft Isle, and you have magical means of creating food if you need it. Are you asking Orly? You know Brokenbank. It's the first-- For many of the shipping lanes, it's the first port of entry to give your paperwork, to show what you're bringing in, to make sure it's all approved and going through. It's part of the process of things making their way into port. Fair enough. He goes ahead and starts making his way that direction. From the archipelago to Nicodranas without stops looks to be between five and six days' travel. That'll bring you down to about four and a half, we'll say. Yeah, between all of you guys being able to juggle that around. Okay. You may. "My Jester, you're coming back? Well, I don't know specifically, but there does not appear "to be a manhunt. Just be careful." Okay. Yeah, because you rolled really high on that investigation check. What are the five things? Correct. No coin from the ship. However, you did manage to muster, in the time that you gathered beneath there, 48 copper pieces-- Overall. You can divide as you see fit. If you choose not to divide, I can give you individual amounts. 31 silver pieces. 323 gold pieces. 14 platinum pieces. In the background, from over the side-- No, you see this little turtle head go, "Heh." If there's any other business you want to take care of during this four-and-a-half-day journey? Wuyun Gorge. Nope, everything was removed at Darktow. You look and see there is still the single eye that's always been in the middle of the hilt since your encounter with the merrow that first found it. That glass sphere that you found beneath, you watch as Caleb speaks the command word. It rocks and lifts off the ground and hovers and gives off a nice, soft, white torchlight-like glow. Yeah, it's probably evening. Suddenly it gives off this extremely powerful, vibrant daylight. The entire ship's deck feels like it's suddenly midday. Just once. 60-foot-tall tree, yeah. Or fuck up somebody's ceiling really bad! Yeah, whenever you want to, it can transform to any outfit you want. Anyone's melee attacks, any of your strength checks. For an hour, someone's strength becomes badass. No! No, lasts for one hour. For this, add your proficiency bonus for the forgery kit, as well as your dexterity to attempt to-- actually, for this? Use intelligence. This isn't copying documents; this is forging documentation that seems to-- We're doing intelligence because this is trying to create verbiage and documentation that you think will seem officious and believable. He can aid you and you can have advantage on the roll, if he wants to help. It gives you a mote of possibility, but it is the dodecahedron. Crystal box, whatever you want to call it. Intelligence and proficiency bonus. Correct. Okay, you roll one more d20. Using Caleb's aid and the time you have on the ocean, waiting for periods of relatively calm waters-- It's all good. You do manage to create a number of documents that both declare the ownership of the ship, create a false log of various journeys that you've taken in the ship, as well as forging a few signatures of individuals at Brokenbank that have checked in the ship in the past. Whose name is it under? "Mm-hmm?" "Captain, I couldn't possibly--" You see him really wrestling with the idea. "I can certainly "caretake it in your absence. You intending to m-m-mosey on northward, right?" He thinks for himself and goes, "M-mighty generous. I can claim ownership by name only, but "we all know who the captain of this ship is. If you're going upward to the Empire, I can put the "crew to work. Earn a little bit of money for us and you. When you come on back, may be a little "bit of gold in it for you. But the ship is always yours." "Mm-hmm." "First name, doll." "Skiffback." "Anyway, goodnight." He turns around, makes his way-- You hear the heavy footfalls of him turning around and slowly coming back to the chambers. "Mm-hmm?" "Well, you need the supplies." "I told you." "Baseline. Then depending on the kind of tattoo, the cost tends to increase." "When you do, happy to help." "No worryin'." Turns around and makes his way back out. The warm, soft, comforting voice, like a breeze, drifts past your ears as the hot wind, unexpectedly through a cold night, drifts past your shoulders. "Staying out of sight. Making "amends." That's all. All right. Okay. Is there anything else you wish to do during this travel, or are we going to bring us in Nicodranas? Okay. We'll go ahead and keep that in consideration. It'll take you a little bit, most of the trip. It'll help you for a while. You might want to keep it with you just as a reference point. All right, cool. You spend the rest of the trip working together to try and memorize it to the best of your ability. It is a complicated cipher. It's not like this equals a, this equals b. There's layers to it, but you manage to get the broad strokes of it, and you can keep that with you if you want to. All right. Yeah, no worries. Okay. Go ahead and make an animal handling check for me. Okay! Sprinkle's still a little skittish after some of the experiences on the seas but seems to have gotten a little more comfortable. Thankfully, there isn't a lot of chaos since you guys left the archipelago. Over the next few days, Sprinkle seems to take to it for the button and the bits of food and treats that you provide, so you seem to have taught a simple trick to your weasel. On the Balleater. Anything else? After a few days' journey, tending to your various bits of business, eventually the familiar sound of seagulls gathered near the coast meets your ears on the warm, sunny morning. As you wake up and glance up into the light of day past the stairs that lead to the deck, you can see the familiar sight of the harbor of Nicodranas. There, the familiar visual of the Mother's Lighthouse, greeting you in towards the bay. Caduceus, you can't help be but overtaken with that comforting welcome sense, and you swear for a minute you see her glance in your direction, but you blink-- Hmm, that was strange. You prepare your papers and make your way in towards one of the various openings across the harbor. We'll pick up there next week as it is getting late. That was funny! No, I've been sitting on that rule set while you guys are at sea. Mike Mearls at Wizards-- he did this Unearthed Arcana a while back in November for rules at sea and I was like ooh, I'll incorporate those whenever it comes up. I did some adjustments to it, some homebrewing. I was like maybe it will-- no. Well, maybe if they-- no. Well, see, if Avantika escapes and they chased-- No, she died. Okay, well, they're going to the archipelago and there is-- okay, cool. No. Okay, well. We're back in Nicodranas. You guys get to try out the rules and tell me how that went! It's funny. Anyway, welcome back! I missed you guys. I missed the game. We missed you guys. We'll be back next Thursday. Then we'll see some of you guys at the art exhibit here in LA next weekend as well. It's going to be a crazy week. If you aren't by now, Laura, you've got no excuse by now. We'll see you guys back here next Thursday. Until then, have a wonderful week. We love you, and is it Thursday yet? Goodnight. TRAVIS and