Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. We'll jump into the game here shortly, but we have some quick announcements to get through. First and foremost, congratulations Sam on his Emmy win! (cheering) Thanks to one of our wonderful sponsors tonight, I was able to add an Emmy to his inventory from my phone just moments ago! Exemplary Talent. That object brought to you by our first sponsor tonight and sponsor for the campaign thus far, our friends at D&D Beyond. Sam? If Yasha ever leaves us this campaign, you already have a backup character. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, D&D Beyond, for making this happen. We have another sponsor returning this week our friends at Obsidian for Pillars of Eternity He's a real angry--! I believe tomorrow they unveil Gilmore. Yeah. Spoiler alert. Yeah, excited for that. Thank you to our friends at Obsidian for allowing us to be part of this awesome game. All righty. Next up, we announced today that we are headed to Gen Con! We're stoked about that. You can go to critrole.com for any of the information regarding our schedule that week. We're going to be doing a live show on Friday, and then we'll have panels and signings throughout the weekend. Check out critrole.com for information on our appearance there at Gen Con, and we're excited to see you guys there. Tickets for the live show will go on sale next Tuesday, May 8th, at 1000AM Eastern, 700AM Pacific. Keep tabs on our Critical Role Twitter and website for information on that. When that all goes up, we'll let you guys know. Super excited to see you! We are also super close to our $50,000 stretch goal for our 826 charity that we're pushing. If you can, donate now to 826LA.org/criticalrole. Every dollar you donate will be doubled, thanks to our fantastic Critter, Mark, who has been so amazing in supporting this endeavor. When we hit $50,000, I believe you will be running another one-shot. Let's see. Friendly weekly reminder for Twitch Prime. If you have an Amazon Prime account, you can attach it to your Twitch account and you can subscribe to any Twitch channel you want to for free, once per month. If you want to support any of your fantastic Twitch streamers out there, this is a way to do so at no extra dime. Recommend it. We have new Twitch emotes available for our subscribers, including the ones from the new campaign. We also have a Nein emote for the $10 subscription tier, so there's that. Critical Recap, if you haven't seen the recap before this happens, you can go on YouTube and get a recap of last week's episode by our fantastic Dani Carr. She does that every week to recap what previously happened in case you're too busy running around to get caught up on what happened if you missed it, but you still want to be here live. Talks Machina is next Tuesday at 7 PM Pacific, where our fantastic Brian W. Foster will bring a few of us into his fold for the night to discuss what happened for tonight's episode you're about to watch. Oh man, we're getting out of here. Podcast from last week is available, where all fine podcasts are available to download, so keep up with that. That's it! We're good! Done! Anything else? I want to get into the game. I'm impatient. Thank you for your patience. With that guys, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Welcome back, everyone. As we watch Laura complain about her macaroni salad. Macaroni salad is the Wild West of culinary delights. Daredevil Laura Bailey, ladies and gentlemen. Bringing it back in. The Mighty Nein in the city of Zadash. Long in the Dwendalian Empire, you've made a small name for yourself in a few factions. You've done a deed or two for the King's Hall here in service of the Crown. You've done a deed or two with the Knights of Requital, that involved getting caught up briefly in a manhunt, as you were loosely responsible for the death of the High-Richter, the high judge of the local court. Managed to make an introductory trade, a deal if you will, with The Gentleman, this subterranean figure of not the most legal of maneuvers. You delved deep into one of the subterranean river tunnels beneath the city of Zadash for him, managed to clear out and recover materials from a long-buried research facility from the Age of Arcanum. Upon returning, the deal was solid. You managed to smuggle out Horris, who needed to be away from the town for the time being while this investigation was happening. In doing so, also managed to clear your names of the death of the High-Richter. Upon returning back, getting a few deeds done, now waiting for this to blow over, and hearing word that there is no longer a manhunt for a number of you in cahoots to this, you begin to prepare for the coming Harvest Close Festival. Now we're getting close to the third of the month of Fessuran, you've all managed to prepare in the ways you want, got a few things on your side. You've delved into some of the mysteries of the beacon that you maintain. You've retrieved your Forever Alcoholic Flask. That's where we'll begin today. Friends, as the early morning creeps up upon you, the chilled morning air has left a bit of ice and mist crawling across areas of the city floor, from outside your window here in the Leaky Tap tavern. However, though it is a gloomy morning, there is already a general air of celebration around. Glancing across, more people are now shifting out into the street and city around you. Music is beginning to creep into the vicinity, and you can hear muffling through the nearby walls. As you all awaken, hearing this outside, what do you wish to do? Yep. Just more understanding of the same notes you read before. From what remains of the tome, you managed to quickly grab the Cliff Notes of it as you glanced through it, and the more information you pulled from it filled out that your thoughts on those tidbits were correct. Yeah, there's been a few days. You would've had time. It is the morning. You have awoken-- She takes the beacon, focusing on this strange artifact that you procured from the grip of the Xhorhasian assassin. You feel yourself extend into it and now being your first time to focus on it, it's a lot to take in. You feel your essence shift into this space, this strange dimensional between. Though not fully understanding it, you're brought the same image of dozens of yourself and this sense of infinity. There before you, you see the strange gray mote, and you reach out in the way that you saw Caleb's hand reach. At that moment, you feel it shift and vanish into your chest, the warmth sifting into the center of your rib cage and then your eyes focus once more, and you're back in your chamber. All right, roll an attack. I mean, if you're not dodging. Yeah, then you hit her. Well it's one plus your strength modifier. You take four points of damage from a sheer punch to your shoulder! Okay, I think she is dodging this one so roll for this one. I'll say you're proficient in unarmed because you're just punching, sure. You add your strength modifier and your proficiency modifier. She does manage to step out of the way, now being more defensive from giving her a dead leg. As you ask this question, Yasha is not in the room. You have a map. Nogvurot is actually northward, a little bit east of Rexxentrum. All right, so you guys start heading downstairs. Who all is gathering down there with them? All right, everybody. Yasha, you napped in the side alleyway in the open air, sleeping with one eye open, being careful. As you wake up in the cold morning mist, the mist has caused this dampness around your chin and hair-- Your glorious beard, right there. Frost beard. No. It gets really cold in the early morning and bits of frost have gathered at the edges of your hair, so you brush off it a bit. As you gather yourself and look out past the street, the music's already starting to swell very strongly from a distance, and a few musicians come by playing on their own. Some folks are starting to rouse and begin cooking things. The smell of meats and fresh morning meals are beginning to find your nostrils, and you decide you probably should check in. You come in, the rest of you all gather in the bottom tavern area of the Leaky Tap. What would you like to do? There's a new female who's running the bar. She is now also coming to consciousness. She's coming around to preparing the bar. Passed out, face down. Looks to be in her early 50s or so, long black hair that goes just past the chest area-- Respectfully choosing words, Laura. Past her heaping bosom? What do you want me to say?! Laura Bailey, forward-thinking feminist! (laughter) It's all right. That's not going to happen. Anyway, this female you haven't seen before who's in the process of running the bar, very much in the same way that you saw Wessek the dragonborn, or previous before that, Claudia. Human, 50s, long black hair. "What can I get you?" "Easy enough to do. I'll be right back," and she goes and fetches you a drink. All right, so. For this part of the festival-- are you going for an ale or a stiff drink? Not in the tavern currently. It seems most everyone outside is walking in one direction, though. A lot of the folks that are starting to gather are all heading past the entranceway and heading in a leftward path from looking out from the tavern. There you go. You have seen people walk with various drinks in their hand without an issue before. Fjord has left the Schrödinger's skeleton conversation. Go for it. Molly gives chase. At this point now, the chilled late morning beneath the cloud covered skies, the streets are filled with all manner of people and families walking with baskets and colored streamers behind them. The large banners of silk of the autumn colors that were previously being placed up in the streets are in full display. The gentle wind is causing them to flicker and flap as the music weaves with the sound of the fabric. Small bands of bards and musicians mark nearly every street intersection, filling the air with music, poems, and cheer. It's a very stark difference to the lock-down that held the city over the past week and a half or so. The closer you begin to follow the crowds as they move along, hearing the chuckles of children and the conversations and laughter that seem to burble out of every street corner, it pushes you in the direction of the Pentamarket. That's when the smells of spices and incense begin to come in waves as you follow the sauntering crowds, eventually that smell overcome by the smell of cooked meat pies and roasted vegetables billowing from the various food carts that line the corners of the streets before you. The flickering of the wind is now this weird syncopation that's blending with the sound of the distant drums and ocarinas and flutes that are beginning to pipe into the strange din in the streets. You see a number of games of skill and chance that have been set up in the distance too, amongst the crowds, as people begin to weave through. To the left, you can see someone loudly proclaiming, "Want to play Trebuchet, anyone?" and down the way another voice calling out, "King's "Vault!" You can see more games in the distance beyond there. More stages are set up with food and it's a veritable smörgåsbord of celebration. What do you guys want to do? The guards are relaxed, but there's definitely a large presence, and in fact, a number of the games are run by the guards. In fact, Trebuchet, as you approach, you see two guards, male and female, that are both in the process of lifting a three or four year old girl, and she has a sandbag in her hand. They're like, "One, two, three!" and she throws it and it gets close, but stops before the basket, but they cheer her on, "Yay!" and set her down. The kid runs off and grabs the bag and comes back and they lift her again. They go, "One, "two--" and they give her even more of a swing so she gets a little more distance. It hits the edge and then tips off to the side and they go, "Aww" and the crowd who had gathered around "Awws" with her. The little girl smiles and gives them a hug and then runs off. One of the guards turns as you guys begin to approach and shouts to the crowd, "Trebuchet, anyone wish to play?" "Five copper for three throws." "Sipes?" The other guard goes, "All right," pulls up three of the sandbags and hands them to you. "That basket there and that line there." You see that they were in between for the kids' reach, but there's about a ten-foot distance of small, thin carpet that's placed behind the line leading to this open wicker basket that's about a foot and a half wide. You have to throw overhead, facing away. "You are more than welcome to try. I'd love to see that happen. That is not necessary." As you stand there, you take the sandbag and in a trebuchet-like motion, lob it overhead without quite looking, assuming the direction. Go ahead and make a dexterity check with disadvantage please. You lob it and hear, (pained grunt) and everybody goes "Oh!" and you turn around. You turn around. You can see the mother of the small kid that was first throwing, and she's rubbing the side of her face. She goes, "Ah, it's fine." Looks up at you and goes, "Come on." She grabs her kid's arm and they both leave deeper into the crowd. All right, try again. As you, one, two-- You go to heave the sack, and as it does, it gets caught on part of your breastplate and as you pull upward there's a (ripping) as sand goes scattering into the sky around, emptying the bag and pouring over you into your eyes. (spitting) Laughter starts to gather in the crowd around and some small clapping. "Well, you have one more throw." "Which one of you is taking the other throw?" "Oh, perfect. There you go." That's ridiculous! Jester, Yasha. How do you want to do this? They literally shot put Fjord about three or four feet. (surprised grunt) No. He gets about four feet before he goes face first into the carpet. The carpet balls up in front of him as he skids for another foot, foot and a half, with his feet up in the air before they come to rest. There's a dust cloud. There's a loud gathering of voices going, "Ooh" and then silent as the music plays in the distance. The female guard goes and straightens out the carpet to get it right. "Five copper." "Oh that's right. Then, by all means." Because you're looking away. It's not a hard DC but-- 19? (whoosh) (thud) "Whoa!" The crowd begins cheering. "Yeah!" They hand you a second one. "At the end." Jester. You throw it with all your strength, and it goes straight up. Hits you in the top of the head and dangles off one of your horns. All right. As it arcs, it lands. There's a little poof of dust behind. It only gets about four feet from you, unfortunately. "However, we do have one successful in!" and they reach over into a satchel on the side and pull out-- "A fresh strawberry for the victor." It's actually pretty tasty. Fresh, sweet. It's delicious. "Oh, we don't sell the strawberries. You can buy them further in. Here, you pay for the "prestige of a victory and a strawberry. If you get all three, you get a candied apple." While this was transpiring, you guys go to catch up while Caleb and Nott have approached the young half-elven woman who is shouting, "King's Vault!" As you approach, you see she has her hair tied back, and she's barking with this utmost confidence. "King's Vault! Come play! Anyone, come "to the front! Show us your majesty of attention!" "Well, you place either a silver or a gold piece up and I will--" and she pulls up three silver cups. "I will place it underneath one of these. Mix it around. Pay attention. Guess the "right one. Get your coin back plus one. Get it wrong, coin stays with me. Simple game." "Yes. At least." "Onto the table." She takes the center cup (click). Cup's over it. All righty. That being the case, I would like you both to roll a perception check. Strangely, it does not. As soon as she finishes the rotation, she stops and goes, "Very well," and you, has to be the right one. Has to be the center. She tips the cup. Indeed the silver is there. "Congratulations! With that, your earnings "doubled," and gives you a secondary silver. "A silver?" "Of course." Coin goes down. Cups over it. Now there's a small crowd gathering. Now people are starting to watch. There was a victory apparently, and some cheers. She begins shifting and shifting and shifting and shifting. Eyes focused on you. Starting to look strangely at you. "Very well. Choose." Now go ahead and roll a perception check. You were paying attention. All of a sudden, you lost it. Looking up at her eyes, you were so caught off guard by her staring at your fairly well-concealed goblin visage, but seemingly not enough, as she has a curious raised eyebrow. That spooks you for a second. You go "Oh, shit!" You lost track of the cups. Total of 20. On the perception? Okay. "What are you going to pick?" Make a sleight of hand check. As you begin to pull your hands up and mutter your incantations, she goes, "Ahem. No "funny business." "I could tell. Ha ha. Now?" "The middle." She pulls the cup back. Empty. "Aw. A good try." Scoops the coin off the table. "Well if you have 200 gold, you are more than welcome to place a gold piece up here as well." "Very well." "Take care of your green friend there." At this point, you guys turn around and you see the rest of your party has caught up to you. Fjord covered in dry dust. You glance around, keeping an eye open as you guys continue. You've now hit the deeper edge of the Pentamarket. The crowds around you are fairly dense at this point. There are people laughing and talking. They're carrying various baked goods that are fresh out of the nearby carts or oven. The smell creeps into your senses and takes over from that point. Children run past and bump you in the side. Some are holding two ends of a streamer, and the streamers continue past and flap around, hitting people. It's adorable and delightfully intense. The guard presence is very much felt here, but everyone is in high spirits. You get the sense that everyone has been waiting to get to this festival, to this moment here. It's a much different atmosphere than the gala you had seen a week before in the Tri-Spires. Oh, there are quite a few mead stands, so it's easy enough for you. Make an investigation check. Very easy to find through a couple of sleight questions to some of the noncompetitive barkers. You manage to find a small meadery stand that's near the outskirts of one of the large arena structures, that you haven't seen used since you arrived in this city. As you approach, the older guy there, with this curled and unkempt chin-beard that looks like part of it isn't growing on the right side. You approach and he has all this thick, dark jugs of mead, and he is like, "Hey, you want some mead?" "I have mead that'll get you fucked up." "Might taste like piss still." He picks up one jug (sniffs). "That one" and hold it out for you to smell. It's pretty strong. It smells slightly acrid, but not in a bad way. Just in a strong mead way. "Welp, depends what you want. Do you want strong or do you want tasty? You got to pick." "That'll be a nice, fair filled cup. For a silver." He pulls up three jugs. He says, "This end, tasty. This end, fuck you up. This one, little bit "of A, little bit of B." Grabs the same stuff that Beau got, the heavier, thick stuff. Pours, gives you a cup full of it. "That'll be a silver piece." Takes it. It's strong, the aftertaste isn't too bad. It's the initial, weird, sour, vinegary, impact, but then the sweetness comes in afterward. It sets well, and it's strong. As you guys are walking around and keeping an eye, you do see there is another stand that has an elevated platform called Titan's Grasp. There are four soldiers of the Righteous Brand, the Empire Military, that are currently manning it. They're wearing their plate mail of silver and dark-crimson design. A large, cubed stone, two feet by two feet, is set on top of this platform with a metal bar that is wedged beneath it, that it's leaning against. The metal bar has a cylindrical center point, like a fulcrum. There is a large hammer, that one of them is currently holding to the side. As you begin to approach, you see one guy there, who's currently spitting into his hands, grabs the hammer (grunts). As he hits the metal bar, the stone goes (slight scraping) barely shifts. He sets down the hammer and everyone's like "Yay" and he goes, "I moved it!" Steps down off the platform. You approach the four soldiers that are up there. One of them comes up to you, the one who has the hammer at his side after retrieving it from the last person, goes, "Hey all right, are "you willing to play some Titan's Grasp, eh?" ASHLEY and "All right, it's five silver an entry." "Single swing, but winner gets the current pot. Which stands at--" and he turns to one of the other guards who goes through a small bag and goes, "That's going to run about 43 gold." "All right, one swing. You?" "One swing for you." "Take as many as you want. No one's turned it over this morning yet." "Who's going first?" "Oh, I like that. Your friend's got confidence in you. All right, big missy." Hands you the heavy hammer. It's not too heavy in your grasp. It's not very well balanced either. It's not a battle-ready hammer, it's designed for this type of a show experience. You get the sense this hammer would not be the most effective for this. It might be intentional. It's your turn, people start gathering. You're up on an elevated two foot platform there. They have the metal bar fulcrum, all set beneath the stone. Hammer's in your hands, what do you do? This is a strength check, yeah. You have advantage while you're raging. Roll twice, take the higher, and add your strength modifier. 17. (grunts) (ringing impact) You hit the metal bar, the stone (scraping) falls back into rest. It's a heavy stone. The stone is resting on the lower part and there is a fulcrum round centerpiece to it. You're trying to hit on this end to push the stone to roll over. It moved slightly and falls back into place. "Good try! That was very strong there, lass. Don't worry." "Well pay another." "Oh you did? Tell me this when you're counting this, bud. Go ahead, second swing." You get advantage while raging, so-- You pull back, and the one guy is looking over to one of the mates on the side and starts laughing. Suddenly (impact) (scraping) (larger impact). The stone shifts, slams on to the other side. All four of them go (gasp). (cheering) Now suddenly the crowd around, that you didn't notice gathering, start cheering "Yay!" Looks over to the one guard who had the pouch, "Okay then, congratulations." Hands it over. Yeah go for it. You take a moment to count through, while staring at him. It comes out to roughly about 43 gold worth of silver, including the ten silver that you put into it. Or not including the ten silver, so in addition to that. It would be 44 gold worth but it's mostly silver pieces. All the guards go over and shift the stone back over onto the fulcrum. They pull in and bring out about a gold piece each, to throw five gold back into the pot. They go, "All right, back up. "Who wants in?" The guards are going, "Wait, into the--" Yup, roll a strength check, add your strength modifier. (resounding impact) As you slam down again, the stone goes (impact). It rolls over a second time. Seemingly, the fulcrum set after you knocked it over prepared her for a better slam. As it hits, the four soldiers of the Righteous Brand look at each other, "We're going to take a break "here for a second. Return here in about 30 minutes." They hand the money over to you get five, six gold. They're going to inspect the hammer, inspecting the fulcrum, inspecting the stone, and they're basically in the process of wondering if they had somehow been cheated out of this. They can't find anything. At this point now, the smell of warm, candied fruit begins to waft past you. You glance over and can see there is a large cart that is selling all sort of sweet fruit that have been coated in sugar. Some have a sticky syrup exterior, and there are candied apples available for purchase. Depends on how much you guys want to purchase, if any. You can see the older woman who's there, who a little bit portly with a big smile, rosy cheeks, pulls from behind the counter-- "They're still cooling off." You can see a small tray that has about six caramel covered apples that you see are still gleaming in the little bit of light that's coming from the cloudy sky. "All right, that's going to be--" "Two copper each. For seven, that'll put you at 14 copper." "There's six caramel apples here, and you have seven with you." "Candy apple, all right, for you and the six for you. (shouting) All out of caramel apples for "the time being, but return here in an hour!" There's this little girl across the way who's like-- You approach, and she gets scared. As you get closer you can see she looks a little disheveled. Probably one of the less well-off people of the city of Zadash. You don't see a parental figure in the near vicinity. Just runs off. Go ahead and make a perception check. She disappeared into the crowd. It does not appear that there is a strong presence of tome and/or book retailers as part of the celebration, unfortunately. There's games. There's food. There are celebratory tapestries in the colors of autumn. You see small, pressed crests of the Empire that are used to either hang over your door as a good luck charm or to use as decor on the interior. A lot of it's knick-knacks and general collectibles. Most everyone out here, it's a craft fair on top of being a celebratory-- There's a bunch of random odds and ends that people collect or purchase to add to their home interior. Glancing about, you do see the occasional person of the Cobalt Soul robes, but they're not selling anything here. Okay. (laughter) Yes, actually. There is one that is an insignia or an interpretation of the symbol of the Platinum Dragon. It is silver threads among a standard sky-blue coloring. There's several different dragon heads that are woven into the pattern. There's almost an embroidery. For as much as you've known about the Platinum Dragon and the religion, it's surprisingly gaudy. One of the people running the booth, quickly, as you see a mid-30s, half-elf man with a bit of chin scruff and very short hair, leans around the corner and goes, "Oh, for the Platinum "Dragon. This one was handcrafted by me and my mate, over the period of about two months. Hand "embroidered. Very difficult. Very exquisite. For the entire piece, the central piece you're "inquiring about, that'll run you about ten gold pieces. We have smaller, almost doily-sized "renditions of it back here." He takes the back and unfolds it entirely but can't quite get the full arm length to get up there. He's like, "This one's about six and a half, seven feet from top to bottom. Can be used "as a rug, should you be so inclined and you aren't quite a fan of the Platinum Dragon and want him "beneath your feet--" "Right away!" He takes it, begins folding it up with one of his other compatriots. They take the twine and manage to fasten it in three places. He says, "We're happy to bring joy to you and the house of your great deity." They hand you this relatively massive tapestry that's almost seven feet end to end. As this is happening, you see that there are two other games. You're now seeing the central space here. You've walked past this structure. It's this small, forum-like circular stone building that's been emptied and closed. Now there's crowds walking in and out the front doorway, and around it are where a lot of these games are set up. You do see one that has a big banner that says Eagle Shot. There is one large, central platform where it looks like this is where a lot of public presentations are given here in the Pentamarket. It's currently set up with a central table and a number of members of the Righteous Brand, as well as one that is a very well-adorned human male with brown hair that's pulled up into a topknot. He has a big, thick beard. Looks like a handsome fellow and he's currently barking out something about the military. You're too far away to make out the details of it. That one has a wooden carved sign that says Soldier's Spirit. It's currently put on the edge of the stage. The Hearth of the Allhammer would be on the other side of this large, forum-like structure. Eagle Shot, yes. As you approach, there are two crownsguard that are helming a small, compact archery range. There's a series of trees that are at the very back that mark what would normally be an alcove in this small park, but within this alcove there are three archery targets that are slightly off from each other at different distances. They have a rack with different bows and a whole cache of arrows that are set to the side. The first guard turns around. "Oh, little girl, good to see you. What can I help you with?" "What do you-- " Which, you still have a bolt nocked in this hand crossbow. He's like, "Put the-- " "Little miss, you shouldn't be waving that around in public. I'm not sure how you got a hold "of that. Where's your mother?" "Unfortunately, by the rules you have to use one of the provided bows." "Please put-- sir, your daughter is a danger to the general public right now." "Well, she has not been trained proper use of that in a space in which is it safe for other "people to be around. I'm just saying." "Could I see that for a second?" Takes it, the crossbow, and pulls the string back, removes the tension, hands it back. "There. "Would either of you like to play some Eagle Shot?" Behind them, somebody like-- The other guard behind is currently setting up an older woman who is in the process of getting the arrow lined up, and it keeps falling out of her grip and the other guard's like, "No, put it "here," and getting ready. Finally fires an arrow and it goes and disappears past one of the trees, "Oh, no!" "Very well. That's one silver piece for three shots. Closest bullseye, if acquired, you "get a rat from a cage." He pulls off from the side here; you see a small stack of wicker cages with rats inside them. "Get yourself a pet rat. If you go ahead and get that middle bullseye, about part "way across that range, there, you win yourself one of these finely crafted wooden swords." They have this decently whittled wooden sword. The center cross hilt for it is strapped with twine tightly. Swings it a couple times and sets it down, lays it against and it rests and hits the ground off to the side. "Now the farthest one over there--" and you watch as the old woman pulls another shot and it almost hits the far target before it gets stuck in the tree about ten feet behind it, "Hit that "one way back there and that one will get you this." He pulls up a haphazard, stitched doll with button eyes, like the stitches are too wide so it looks like the crosses behind it are visible. There's no mouth. There's like, matted twine hair, some felt-like material that's made a crown and a cape. "Of our fine King Bertrand Dwendal." He gives you a look like you said a bad word. He goes, "I suppose." He glances back. "It's probably about 80 feet." It is an attack roll, and it's a short bow. He said about 80 feet, but the farthest one's about 100 feet. Which means it is in its second range increment, so the one in the back is at disadvantage. Well, let's go ahead and see. Rogue proficiencies. It's a simple ranged weapon. You should be. I'm pretty sure you are. Yep, simple weapons. You are proficient with the short bow. "Who's going first, if you don't mind me asking?" "Of course, understood." Hands you one of the short bows off of the side and three arrows. They're all right in their construction. "Oh-- I--" "No, continue." Which target are you aiming for? The farthest? All right, with disadvantage. Add your dexterity modifier. I do not think you're proficient-- Well, as a wizard, you might be, actually. For simple weapons. Nope. No, you are not. Well, it's simple ranged weapons, but those count as simple weapons. It gets about 40 or so feet before it gets stuck in the dirt. He's like, "That was good." You nock your secondary arrow. Take a shot. This one gets about five feet further and almost hits a squirrel. You hear (squeaking), and it darts off into a nearby bush. This one gets 40 feet, which is halfway there, before it hits the ground and sticks into the dirt. As soon as it finishes, there's like a, "That was good. Go fetch that." The other guard runs out and grabs the arrows to retrieve them. "That is surprising. Well, a fine Harvest Close to you, friend, and for your daughter." Hands the bow over, and a set of three arrows. Proficiency and your dex mod. This one arcs. It almost gets near the target, but ends up veering off to the right and ends up vanishing behind one of the secondary targets near the tree. He says, "Yeah, that was "better than your father." This one hits the actual base of the far target. Misses the target entirely, but it hits the actual plank of wood that's holding it up. It hits the bottom of the target. No bullseye, but you hit it. He's like, "That was "actually very good." "Right away, little missy." Grabs three more arrows. One silver for three shots. Six more shots, all right. "There you go." As you pull back, perfect bullseye into the farthest target. There's this brief pause as the guard spins around and goes, "What-- " Middle one is not at disadvantage. Both arrows-- we're talking, like, Disney Robin Hood-style, one arrow, next one splits the first arrow. The guard's still recovering from the first bullseye, he's like, "What?!" Both hit at the same time. The guard looks slowly over towards you. "Well done." "Here's your doll." "Two swords." "Two rats." You now have in your inventory two rats in rat cages, two wooden swords-- A hand-stitched doll of King Bertrand Dwendal. While this is happening, Jester, you make your way around the large forum, and there you see the Hearth of the Allhammer. You've passed it before, and you can see it's the domed, iron structure. It's been left to rust a bit at the edges. The tops of the dome are polished where it's easily accessible, but the very peak of the dome is a little bit red, brown, rusted. There are a number of open arches in the inside, and you see the large, central forge that marks the center of the temple. You do see the large anvil that marks there has the symbol of the Allfather printed on each side and acts as both a ceremonial anvil for the creation of religious artefacts and items as part of worship and as the central statue for worship itself. That is the closest thing there is in this temple to a central focus of worship. It's not busy on the inside because right now everyone's focus is on the actual celebration. There are three individuals that are manning the interior of the temple, one of which is the herald. Each temple in the city has a herald that's the keeper of that temple. It's a female dwarf, dark brown hair and three long braids that trail past to the middle back with a chainmail robe on that descends past the knees and is currently sitting on a bench and eating dried meat out of a small pouch and people watching as people walk by the temple. Nobody's in there actively worshipping at the moment. Do you go in trying to avoid attention or are you announcing yourself as you arrive? As you walk in, a voice in the corner from the direction of where the herald was goes, "Miss, "if you need something, don't be afraid to let me know. We're just sitting around." "Of course." What do you disguise yourself as? You? No, that's not an extension of-- Okay. As you come around the corner and make your way in, you saunter in the far end of the temple through one of the arches that marks the interior, come in through the shadow and the herald once again goes, "If you need something, right over here." "All right, that's fine." Goes back to-- (chuckles) already seems taken aback by your presence. What do you want to do? Well, I mean, there's people in there. There's the herald who's sitting in the back eating on the opposite end of the anvil and there's two other folks that are on the outskirts of the arches, looking out into the crowd, just people watching. As you begin to pray, the two others that are on the outside, who've noticed you enter, their attention doesn't wander to you for too long before they go back out to the celebration, people walking by and people watching in general. You're on the opposite side of the anvil from the herald who's still chewing on her meat. What do you want to do? Just for the sake of presentation because you're doing this with a bit of haste, knowing that you're under pressure. Go ahead and roll a performance check. 18. As you quickly begin to finish this heart, Traveler was here, you hear (yawning) across the way from the herald. You stop for a second-- no reaction. Continue going. You finish up the art piece. One of the other guardians of the temple begins to turn around and walk back towards the herald and you pull back for a moment, but they turned away from you and it seems that you've managed to go this far without being noticed. You finish up your last heart, the exclamation point and the underline of the Traveler. (tinkling) Just (straining). You put the pamphlets there on the side, slip them beneath the offering bowl at the base of it. Make a sleight of hand check on that one. Because that will be creeping into the view of the herald. As you place it on top, the voice on the opposite end goes, "Do you need help there? "Dearie?" As you get up and start walking away, the herald stands up and begins walking towards the other side of the anvil. There's like speedily running granny into the crowd and as you get-- Drop disguise-- in the middle of the crowd? Still in your disguise as you're charging into the crowd, behind you, you hear a voice (scream). "That old woman! Find her!" There's screaming and you hear this ruckus as people around start looking behind at the shouting sound as you dart around the corner. Drop disguise and as you do, you can now see the herald and the two keepers of the temple are now pushing through the crowd, looking, searching like, "Has anyone seen an old woman?" Is describing you as best they can and it looks like there's a bit of commotion going on. As you begin to disperse into the crowd, making your way-- You hear a crunch sound and your hand shakes for a second and you look down and a mysterious secondary bite was taken out of the apple. They have a special relationship. While this is happening, you head to the military stand, you said? Anybody going with Beau? You guys approach at this point towards the Soldier Spear. You see this larger platform in the middle of the Pentamarket. There you see the central military figures wearing ornamental armor with a top knot. There is a table set up there with these benches and you can see there are two burly men, one who is this hairy, heavy thick woodsman type who is wearing a leather apron and-- Yes, exactly. He's like super butch. Hand clasped with a trained soldier who's wearing elements of the Righteous Brand armor but has taken bits of it off and they're both going (grunting). They're in the middle of an arm wrestling match and they're both tensing back and forth (grunting) before the brawny guy slams the soldier's arm down to the table. He goes (yelling). The crowd around goes (cheering). There's a shout and cheer and the gentleman in the center goes, "That was well done. Well done and congratulations to you. Now that you've proven "yourself my friend, would you be interested at all in joining the Righteous Brand? Being a strong "warrior in his own right," and the guy's like, "Ah, piss off! I don't want to." He goes like, "It's a good wage. Gold per day. Fed. All the equipment you need. You help keep the Empire safe. "No? All right, very well. Anyone else?" "Well, we are having a contest to see who here is the strongest." "Well, so far, it's that gentleman." Points over to the heavy, burly fellow who's off to the side. He's currently flexing and cracking his wrist. "I mean, you don't have to." "Probably, but don't be surprised if other contenders start following you around the town to "try and take your title." "Not to us, but it's a fun place to display your skill and talent. Plus, we're always looking "for some fine young soldiers to come and join us out there on the fields. To take down the "Xhorhasian evils and keep all these fine folks here well taken care of." "Yeah." He goes, "No, you're not--" Points over and that large forum building, that circular forum building that you saw that now the crowd's starting to wash into that had been closed off previous weeks, he goes, "That, that is the Victory Pit. That will be happening in a few "hours, but you're welcome to compete here if you're feeling so feisty." "What's your name?" "Ah. Recruiter Leopold Wanstiker. Pleasure to meet you." Recruiter Leopold Wanstiker. W-A-N-S-T-I-K-E-R. So. Top knot guy, yep. "Whoever wins this, gets to go up against our finest solder who should be back from his "lunch break here in the next ten minutes or so. We have the new challenger Beau. Let's see." He points over to the grizzled-looking beastly man who's currently chugging down the final bits of a tankard of ale. Spins around, wipes it off his beard and stands up. "Yeah, I'm coming." He gets up onto the edge of the stage and goes, "Well, this is Kendall." (laughter) Sits down at his stool, puts his meaty arm out with the fingers and goes-- "Sure." It is sweaty. Leopold goes, "One, two, three!" Go ahead and make a strength check. Yep. Just a d20, add your strength modifier. Five. At that center point, you immediately begin to give to his grasp. You see this slight grin begin to curl underneath his wiry beard as his arm begins to push you close to the edge of the table. Make another strength check. 12. With that (slams) onto the table. You lose. Knuckles a little bruised from the slam. He gets up and is like, "Ha!" "Well done though, Beau. Well done. Here." He hands you a small piece of parchment that's rolled up and goes, "This is information about, if you'd be so interested, in coming and joining the "Righteous Brand." "You can find us at the Marrow Keeps of the Righteous Brand on the outskirts of the northern "end of Zadash, should you be so interested." Yes. This is in the area of the Signet Wall which is the military district of the city. "Anyone else?" Another gentleman raises his hand and gets up on stage and they begin to do a showdown. The two of them begin to go back and forth. However, that same beastly figure, Kendall, still manages to, defeat the guy and send him to the table, get up again and "Ha!" Then at some point, shortly thereafter, Leopold goes, "Ah, he returns! He returns! (chuckling) Gunther Prast, "our finest soldier here in the city, would like to challenge the current standing contender." You watch now as this massive behemoth of a man, like the Mountain from Game of Thrones, about seven foot, 350 pounds guy wearing the Righteous Brand silver and red armor, gets up onto the stage (heavy steps). Clean-shaven, except for this perpetual five o'clock shadow that doesn't seem to leave his square jaw, his hair is trimmed super short and you see the receding hairline curling back into a widow's peak. Sits on the table, puts his arm out there and you can see the huntsman, Kendall, for the first time, lose his cool. You watch as the two of them grasp together and they're going to begin to roll off. You watch as the hands tighten and with that, Gunther begins to twist the arm, further down, further down. You can see, the huntsman character is starting to grimace. However, pushes it back in the center. Now they're currently neck and neck. Once again, Gunther pushes him back. And with that final hit. Wham! Kendall is taken out, like, (groaning). Grasps his hand and rubs his fingers, and darts off the stage, seemingly shamed in front of a crowd of people. Everyone's like, "Oh!" There's now probably about 30-40 people who watched that last match. He looks human. He's just huge. Leopold is looking over the crowd, goes, "Would you like to try your hand at our finest warrior?" "Come on up, Miss--" "Miss (whispers) Yasha. (regular volume) Miss Yasha, our new--" (cheering) "Hello." Sits down, puts his elbow on the table with a heavy slam. Grasps you. Both your arms-- He's taking a moment and looking you over, like he's studying something. He's trying to make eye contact. Moving around. As Leopold is talking up this whole this whole, "All right, come watch now! Here is our "finest--" and it fades away in the background as Gunther, who's leaning forward now, says "Interesting styling. I've seen it before." "You're not from around here, are you?" "Nothing. Just an observation. I've been on the front lines long enough." With that, Leopold walks up and goes "Three, two--" Make a strength check with advantage, because he wasn't expecting it. (cheering) Natural 20. No joke. No joke. Right there. Beautiful. Beautiful. Mwah. As soon as you do that, he catches it, you both are caught in the center here, tensing up. The whole crowd goes "Ooh!" Everything gets really tense and quiet as you're both flexing. At this point now, you do make eye contact. As the anger is built up inside you. Make another strength check. Well, she hasn't raged yet. Not on this roll you can't, because you already rolled for it. Next time you can. Seven. You feel yourself giving way, your arm going further back towards the table. You see this grin across his face. His breath smells of mildewed bread and alcohol. It wafts past your nose. Roll a strength check. Gunther, yeah. You get to roll another strength check with advantage. They're down like two and a half, three feet, because you guys are on a raised platform. They're about five feet from you. Because you are raging. As he's pushing you down towards the table, you muster up another breath of strength from inside. With that, you push him back to the center. You're both at even keel. Roll again. With advantage. (grunt) He starts giving ground, the sweat now beading across his forehead. His nostrils are flaring. That horrible smell of his breath is coming in bigger and more constant waves as he starts to (grunt). He looks up from his grip, up into your eyes once more. Roll again. SAM and 14. He slowly brings you back up to the center. Roll again. The crowd, each time the shift happens, the crowd is like, "Ooh! Ah! Oh god!" ASHLEY. Shit! Ten. 14? (grunt) He rolled a seven plus five. Right up at the center. Roll again! The crowd is going wild right now. Leopold's like leaning in now, watching this happen. MARISHA and (grunt) Pushing him back. Roll again! 22. He pushes you right back in the center. Rolled an 18. You guys are right there again. At the fulcrum point. The crowd is starting to go completely breathless at this point. It's back and forth. Roll again. He's starting to breathe really heavy. 21. You push him back again. You can see now, the muscles are straining and popping, the veins are bulging. His breaths are getting heavier, his shoulder is looking like it's almost dislodging as he's using his torso to push against it. Roll once more. (grunt) (bang of arm against table) (cheering) Leopold goes, "Amazing show. Yasha!" and he runs up behind you and catches up to you. As you step off the stage, he steps off with you. Goes "I'm sorry to bother you, Yasha. That was an "incredible-- Have you any interest in all at joining the ranks of the Righteous Brand?" "Oh. Well, think about it." He goes into the small satchel and pulls out at rolled piece of paper, and says "It's a fantastic thing you would do for the Empire if everyone here-- You look like "a fine soldier and based on your skills up there you'd be a great help on the front line." Strangely enough, there is no prize for this. There is no buy-in. It's merely for the bragging rights of the presentation. It's a presentory-- No, it talks about-- Okay. As you read it-- (laughter) No. It speaks of the Righteous Brand and talks about all of the wonderful possibilities for glory. It's housing and gear provided, it's working in a good teamwork environment to protect the people of the Empire. It has opportunities to rise through the ranks and to become-- It talks about-- it pays one gold a day at start, with possibility of raises from there. The training is in Bladegarden and after a period of training there, it's three years minimum service in the military and then you can decide to stay or not. It goes into a small print and says like "desertion is illegal and brings imprisonment and fines." As you guys are having this conversation there's a voice from the side that goes, "That was "quite an amazing display, if I say so myself." As you turn and look you see there's a gentleman there who's tall, a little over six foot, very-- a gentleman, not the Gentleman. He's a very strong looking human male with ruddy, tan skin and long, jet black hair that's braided in a single thick braid that goes past his waist in the back. He's dressed in partial scalemail across the chest and part of the shoulders, a dull iron color to it that's over his chest. You see a heavy waistband of dull gray leather that's like a thick, almost a foot thick piece around there and a rough-looking warhammer that's strapped to his side and he has his arms crossed and smiling widely at you with a very welcoming smile. "That was impressive. That guy "you just destroyed up there? He's kind of a douche." "What's your purpose here? Are you looking for work?" ASHLEY Me or--? "Well, mercenary work, of course." "All right, well, first off, my name is Darrow." "What's your name? Yasha, you said?" "All right, pleasure to meet you. Well, I am the de facto leader of a mercenary band known as "the Stubborn Stock. We're out of Guar on the Menagerie Coast, but we've been hired for about a "seven month stint so far by the Empire and it's been paying pretty well. We've had some pretty "good scenarios here. The retainer's been nice and honestly, it's not bad to be paid to sit around in "case they need us." "Well, when they need us. To kill things, to hunt things down. There's a lot of business that "they can't bring the military to and the Crownsguard stay in the cities so they send us out "and about. That's only if they need us." "Well, it's contract. You have to be there for their disposal. We're stationed up in Nogvurot "and have been for the length of this contract, but we were able to come down for this celebration and "it's been not too bad. It's good wage, sit around, occasionally hunt down some criminal Xhorhasian "terror that's come down from the mountains. It's a pretty decent living if I say so myself and you "look like a very capable soldier if I say, again." "Sure. Would you be interested?" (laughter) "We have no pamphlet. My band of esteemed warriors are planning to be in the "Victory Pit later this afternoon." "We could very much use an additional soldier of your capability." He turns and looks and seemingly for the first time notices the rest of your group. Goes like "Oh, I'm terribly sorry, I mean no disrespect-- hi-- but I do not understand that. I "do not wish to step on any toes here, it was merely a curiosity. What are you called?" "The Mighty Nein. Very good." He looks like-- "That's impressive. That's a good find. Good on you. You know who that's "supposed to be?" "I was going to say a tiny asshole. One and the same, really." "Well, we're stationed in Nogvurot, but we're from a ways further than that." (sighs) "That has been an occasional problem, yes. We had been sent to investigate two "of those instances and in all of them it seemed to be that they were stolen-- I'm sorry, I do not "know how much I can discuss of these with you--" Make a general charisma check. Just to see if he trusts your face. "We've looked into it. Do not worry. But we'll see how long the contract goes. I do not "know how much luck we'll have. It's kind of a dire situation." "One of many things." "Well, not yet. Not yet. Just the ones that come too close in. There've been a few excursions "into the Empire itself and that's why we're hired. They're basically bringing everyone they can on "hand to help keep the home fort defended." "What am I fighting? Right now?" "Oh, we haven't been to Xhorhas yet." "They've kept us in the Empire so far." "Yeah. They keep the army on the eastern side, but we're meant to find things that the army "cannot be bothered to do." "No, actually. We've only really been in the Empire for the first time this past half year and "I've heard things about it and, you know, figured we'd come and try it. They gave us a week off to "come down here to Zadash, and me and my friends are going to take our best attempt at this." "Oh, well, within our person-- including myself, a grand total of six mighty warriors." "All six of us have our different techniques, yes." (laughter) "I'm not going to tell you, and it's not that kind of tournament. Anyway, I do not mean "to be a problem. If ever you change your mind--" He pulls out a copper coin that's a little larger than a normal piece of copper and goes, "Just ask around." He tosses it to you and you take it. It looks like a small copper platter, coin-ish in its design, and on it is printed the name of his group, the Stubborn Stock. "Well, look for any place in a city where we might be or might not be and see if you've heard "of us in the vicinity. If they know where we are, they'll bring you to us. If they don't, they will not." "One of our fellows makes them." "Loosely." He takes it and shows it off. It's not made that well. He goes, "It's functional "more than it's beautiful." "I appreciate that." "All right, anyway. We have to go prepare for this tournament. If you're standing around, "please come cheer us on. That would be fantastic." "A pleasure to meet you, Mighty Nein!" He heads off, back towards the Victory Pit. What errand are you on? Yeah, a short jaunt. Not too hard to find a darkened corner where you can do it. Okay. Easy enough to do. Okay. Make an investigation check as you begin to pore through the crowd doing this. You guys have noticed that Caleb's been gone for a little bit. Yes. Wow, yeah. Within a very short time, asking a few questions and looking through part of the crowd, one of them points over to the edge of the Pentamarket on the northern side, and over in that direction there are two of the robe-wearing individuals. One of the monks that works within the archive itself and one looks to be wearing higher up robes. You're not sure what that means or what the ranking is within the Cobalt Soul. All right, as you approach-- The one that's in the nicer dress you can see is apparently an elven woman. You see these kind of long strands of blond, almost silver hair that goes in front of the ears and the rest of the hair falls past the shoulders. Beautiful, natural, no makeup. Even for elven standards, you can see a little bit of age. This is an older elf in comparison to a lot of the brighter faces that turns to you. "Of course, what can we help you with?" Make a deception check. Well. A 13? Okay. "Well, of course. It is open to the public. You're required to come when there is "an available monk to escort you through the premises. Of course, you cannot take anything from "the archive itself, but you're welcome to read while in the presence of one of our various monks "and/or worshippers of the Knowing Mistress." "Well, the public portions of it, yes." "Yes. Just need to come on a day in which the archive is open and available, sign in, and "you will be assigned one of our various attendees of the archive and you will have the run of the "public library of which to read and make notes of. You may take your own copy of notes, but once, of "course, it is only within the public space." "Yeah. Well, I'm glad you asked." "I'm Jennah. Archivist Jennah." "They are a little different. They maintain their knowledge for those who are actually there "as part of the curriculum. You'll have to speak to the headmaster as well. They have, from what we "know, as we are not allowed either, quite a decent cache of arcane knowledge as well. There has been "some sharing, but they are particular." "That would be Ornit, I believe." Let me double check here so I don't say it wrong. No, that is, no, "Oremid Hass." "Yes." "Yes." "Yes, that was a bit disconcerting, definitely. Thankfully, it is a well-defended "tower. The Zauber Spire has stood for quite some time and has its capabilities defending itself as "we've seen." "Well, you should ask them how they did that. You'll know as to why they're so secretive." "Well, I don't know. We always go on specific business, so you can certainly inquire. I "haven't attempted to go from the standpoint of a possible student, but you could ask." "That is all right." "Of course. You as well. Happy Harvest Close." As you return to the rest of the group, you guys are met by a strangely adorned Caleb with an interesting ensemble. You guys are on the outside of the Victory Pit. The crowds are starting to swarm into a central archway that's open. Right now you are in part of the crowd as the people are rushing past. You guys gather your strength, your interest, your nerve. You go in with the rest of the crowd that is now beginning to gather towards the front end of the Victory Pit. As you step towards the central archway into the shaded interior of the main entryway, we're going to take a break! We'll be back here in a few minutes to pick up to this tournament and all that it entails. Tonight as part of our Wyrmwood giveaway, we have a bocote tabletop dice tray from our friends at Wyrmwood. Very fancy leather interior, it's very pretty. That is, actually yes. You can have Jester's dice box, kind of. Tonight, the keyword is "celebration." If you'd like to, come into the Twitch chat and enter the word "celebration" to become part of the drawing, as long as you are in the US and Canada outside of Quebec, otherwise you cannot enter. I am very sorry, laws are weird. Enter it only once. Any more than that and you may be disqualified. We will come back at the end of the break with a winner to be announced. Until then, we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. [break] "I'm sorry? The fights will be soon." "Oh, you wish to enter?" "Oh, entry may have already been closed." "Let me ask." He turns around and steps off of his pedestal and heads to this wooden door. It's about ten feet behind and he shoves through, closes behind him and slams. A few moments pass and people begin filtering through still, pushing past you and bumping you in the shoulders. The door opens again across the way as you guys are having this conversation, and the gentleman comes out again and goes, "Quickly, follow me." You guys make your way through the crowd and follow him into this back chamber. You enter with him. There's a slight hallway that leads into a low-lit lounge with comfortable furniture with cushions, there's some firelight, a few torches set up in the chamber. There is a window across the way that looks out into the open of the Victory Pit's main battle area. You can see servants wandering in similar brown silks and robes as the barker, but they're carrying trays of food. You see guests in expensive clothing that dot the distant walls and areas of the chamber sitting atop these cushioned couches and talking in low voices to each other, broken with the occasional laugh. The older gentleman ushers you over and waves in the distance as a figure begins to approach. This is another human man in probably his early 60s or so, who has graying hair that is slicked back and even further thinned than the gentleman who first met you on the way in, who has a very well groomed goatee that comes to an accentuated curve up underneath in the front. He's wearing a finely tailored dark blue festival suit. The barker says, "These are the ones who--" and the older guy goes, "Ah! It's far too late in "the day. We couldn't muster a-- Very well. I am Yadaka Brigman, Guildhead of the Filigree House "and organizer of this harvest tournament. Who are you, and have you the coin to enter?" "The Mighty Nein. Where are you from, Mighty Nein?" Yadaka Brigman. "You are from everywhere." "You will be announced as from everywhere." "That's all right if that is what you require. All right! Well, we've warriors from "around the Marrow Valley come to compete today, many of which who'll have been on the front lines "of the eastern wastes. Are you still eager to lose your coin and risk your life?" "20 gold pieces per fighter. Groups of five to eight are allowed to enter. There are "three rounds to this tournament." "Each victory is 200 gold to be dispersed amongst your group and the winners that remain at "the end split a 2,000 gold purse." "Whatever you bring in there is at your disposal to utilize. With your group that would "make four who have signed up for the tournament today. You will brought down to the "waiting/holding area and each group will be brought into the Victory Pit to face off with the "chosen peril." "Four groups. You are the fourth to have signed up." "Of course not! You're fighting a number of creatures that have been acquired and kept for "this tournament. Beasts and things that have been either found wandering over the ranges of Xhorhas "or have terrorized the local countryside and have been brought to us by the Righteous Brand for this "sort of tournament." "There may very well be, young lass." "Good question." "Well, do you wish to join?" "Then present your coin. What is your name?" "Very well." "Thank you. We've managed to squeeze you in at the last moment. The rules are as such. Each "team will face off with one of these encounters we've developed for this tournament, continuing on "if victorious to face another, until the other teams fall, you fall, or the third round is "completed. Should there be more than one victory team at the end you will divide the purse amongst "you. However, these will increase in difficulty the further you remain. You will not be allowed "but the time it takes for the other teams to battle before you face once more. Previous years "have shown us no more than maybe 20 minutes. Whatever you have in each round is what you go in "with. Use your time wisely. All of this will be displayed in front of the Starosta, the appointees "of the Crown, and the elite of the Tri-Spires. Money and glory is here before you." "We have clerics on hand, and outside of extenuating circumstances, we've only had one true "fatality in the past 20 years of running this festival, so you should be all right." At this point, there's a bit of commotion at the front entrance where you guys entered where you see a figure rush in, a young human man. He's sweating, longer blond hair past his ears. He's wearing a very bright gold and red outfit and is carrying a satchel over one shoulder as he rushes in and talks to somebody. He points over in the direction and heads up to where your group is. Yadaka goes, "I'm terribly sorry. Page!" The page looks up. "What business have you from the Crown?" Looking over his attire, the page goes, (breathing heavily) "I must speak with the "Starosta immediately under order from King Bertrand Dwendal himself." Yadaka goes, "Right. "Come with me. I apologize. You'll have to give us just a moment." He turns around. "Urgent matters. "Enjoy some feasting while you're here." Him and the page walk maybe 20 feet from you to a corner where you can see there is a central couch there where a few figures are sitting, and they rush up. All right, so you roll a stealth check for your cat. (laughter) As your cat begins to approach, one of the servants goes, "You can't be in here," and-- (laughter) Not everyone's going to kick a cat into dust! Picks up Frumpkin and begins to bring Frumpkin away while the page begins gathering a breath and you now see a very well-dressed halfling with a curled mass of brown hair up top. It's graying and white on the sides, who sits up to meet with another important figure. Frumpkin has been pulled away. Your cat is being held by a servant. Being led back towards where you came, like taking the cat outside. Okay. Servant's probably confused. What're you guys doing? All right. There are the groups that are talking and eating, there's the page currently engaging with the folks and the figure, there's a couple of servants passing around trays of food. What are the rest of you doing? You have retrieved your Frumpkin into your space. There's another clap and you see two other figures get pulled from the other side to join the conversation by the couch. Okay, make your stealth check with advantage. You get advantage because of her blessing. Okay. You saunter up at a relatively close distance. Make a perception check if you're trying to listen in. Well, the box is an illusion. (laughter) Four. You catch bits and pieces. Okay, what you hear is the page hurriedly saying, "--which skies "now darken Brokenveil, over 1000 dead, the Ashguard Garrison is taken." You hear this conversation a bit hush to hush, and a little bit of (shushing). Starosta peeks in a bit. You only catch the next bit which goes, "What's the king's response?" Then you hear the page respond and say, "--formally declared war on Kryn Dynasty and the wastes of Xhorhas." There's some more muttering. You miss that. You miss that. (laughter) You miss that. Yadaka pipes in and goes, "Starosta, to announce anything like that would set panic and "change nothing. We are far from the fight. For now, let them have a day to rejoice. We'll "announce tomorrow." You miss the next thing, you miss the next thing. The last thing you hear is the Starosta say, "I'll send word to General Grinbreaker and begin preparing her legion to move "east. Tomorrow we'll notify the public, but page, return word to Rexxentrum that Zadash prepares to "join the front. Now, go." The page turns and leaves. Okay. Which letter? It's a pamphlet. There are at the entrance where you came in and each side. Okay. You back up towards where you guys came in, and there's a crownsguard there, arms crossed, looking up. "I certainly hope so. It's going to be a lot of fun to watch." "Oh, which one?" "Well, I haven't seen them. They keep those under wraps. It's part of the surprise." "Yeah!" (laughter) "Not us, that's above our pay grade." "Well, you probably have to go to the King's Hall and sign up for the Crownsguard. Kiss ass for "a few years and maybe then." "I don't know. That's, once again, outside of my jurisdiction. They keep a lot of things "separate intentionally." "Right. Appreciate that, friend." Okay. At this point, the barker who met you originally says, "Sorry to bother you, but they're "gathering the various teams down into the holding area. I'll have to escort you. Please come with me." As far as the-- Right. You look at it and there is similar design to some of the outfits and the-- Yeah. You pick up on it. You guys are continuing to be escorted down past. Most everyone has filtered into their seats. There's still stragglers finding their way in, and as the day's sun is getting further into the mid-afternoon, you guys are brought down to an area that is similar to that lounge area, but far less in its decor and comfort. This chamber has two windowed doors on the opposite side that are cut through windows that lead into the central arena. You can smell the dust on the opposite side. The interior is outfitted with about three dozen simple stools that are scattered about, a few tables with cornucopias of fruits and meats that are set, and a few folks you see are feasting on them. There are two stationed healers of the Platinum House of Bahamut, the Platinum Dragon. They are the ones stationed there to prevent folks from dying and the other combatants. In one corner, there are five soldiers of the Righteous Brand, one of which is Gunther, who are in the process of taking large handfuls of food and eating and getting themselves some energy for battle. As soon as you enter, they glance over and give a bit of a nod of notification. Gunther, looking straight to you, grabs an apple of some kind, and throws it at you. "Eat. You'll need it." It looks like amongst them there is one acting as leader, or at least is in the process of discussing tactics among the small troupe, though you can't hear exactly what he is saying. An elven man with short brown hair, and these sky blue piercing eyes who is in the process of giving orders to them. Then he walks off to the side, pulls a blade out and begins practicing. It's this very elegant, almost dance-like blade technique. On the opposite side of the room to them, all leaning against the wall, you see five dwarves and two gnomes that are all wearing black and gold variations to armor, robes. They are avoiding all social engagements and staring, mad dogging everyone else in the chamber. As soon as you enter, all their eyes shift in your direction, and they watch you as you step into the chamber. In the center of them, you see a gray haired dwarven women, weathered skin and a surly grin as you approach, gleaming these yellow teeth from beneath, who gives a bit of a squinted stare at you as you pass by. You see two battleaxes resting at the side of her belt, hanging off of her armor. Then over by the doors, snacking and looking out the window into the pit before you, you see a group of six individuals in scuffed armor of green and brown with weathered armor and skin that shows experience and travel. Markings and accessories gives you a sense of inland Menagerie Coast heritage, and there you see Darrow who you had met earlier in the tournament, who's leaning out the window. He turns around as you enter and goes, "Ah, so you did indeed decide to join. Not too bad, "I'm excited to see how well you do." "I have not, but I've been hearing about it. I'm excited to give it my all, as you say." "That's a good question. I imagine that's less of my worry, and more of theirs." He points out to the rest of the people in the stands, and goes, "I certainly hope they have ways to deal "with that, otherwise that's going to be a very unhappy day tomorrow for the people in the city." "That is not cryptic at all. Well, the Stubborn Stock are my esteemed mercenary band. "Friends, this is the--" "The Mighty Nein, we met earlier at the places with the games." All of them give a nod and then grunt and reach over and start shaking hands. They seem, of all the people in here, the most friendly. As soon as this happens, the crowd outside starts cheering loudly. The sounds of chaos begin to build. The cheers swell, and swell. You hear feet slamming throughout the entire event, causing dust to come down off the ceiling above you. You begin to realize that you are below some of the stands. A figure across the way emerges from another doorway from the right and the crowd goes crazy. This humanoid figure steps to the center. Now looking through the windows, you can see this is an open circular sand pit, where there are some wall-like structures in places and pillars beyond those to break up the interior. It has some small areas for cover and these pillars in the far corners of each side. This figure who walks in is a tall half-giant figure covered in tattoos and spiked armor. As he approaches, his hands in the air as the crowd's yelling and screaming. Steps out. "Welcome, all fair peoples of the great empire under our King Bertrand Dwendal, may "his grace bless this harvest's end and grant us a warm winter." The crowd goes crazy. "I am your "humble Jermai Kull, previous champion. While I have left the fight, I now live for the fights of "others. It is my pleasure to bring you this year's great tournament." The crowd swells again. Some of the groups behind start mounting up behind you and everyone's crowding around the windows. "We "welcome our guests of high esteem on this day. Give your applause to our keeper of freedom and "order, Lawmaster Orentha Stonegrasp." He points across the way up in the stands. The cheers go bright and you see a figure stand up, and you can see the gray haired dwarf who you had met in the King's Hall earlier. She's the Lawmaster of Zadash who had come out to thank you for the job you had done in slaying the phase spider in the sewers. She raises a hand and then sits down. Make a perception check as she waves her hand and gray hair-- Nope. You glancing there, your eagle sight of an inquisitive monk of the Cobalt Soul, glance past and you can see where she's sitting, and there, about two people over sitting in the stand next to her is a familiar face. Pretty sure that's Dolan. SAM and "We also bring to this tournament the Headmaster of the Zauber Spire, who repelled the "Crick assault on our great place of arcane learning. Shaping the minds of our future mages, "Oremid Hass!" As the crowd cheers again, you see, back a row and to the left, a figure stand and raise a hand. Once again, everybody roll a perception check, please. Nine. 16 was the highest? Who was that? That was Jester. Jester, you glance up and see, best you can a figure, a stocky, dark brown skinned man with very short curled black hair across the top of the head, very square jaw, in long red and gray robes. He raises a hand and smiles and everyone cheers. Sitting next to him you see a figure that you had seen before. You can make out an older human man with longer gray hair, bald on top. This was the mage you saw floating in the sky during the attack. Yes, white and gold. "None of this would be possible if not for the love of you, and celebration from our esteemed "Starosta Wyatt Fedar!" There at the very front of that same area, you see the same halfling who was talking earlier to the page, step up on a small platform to give him a little more height and prestige amongst this point. The male halfling with the curly hair and the graying sides raises his hands and give a soft bow, and the crowd explodes and cheers. This is him. "Now, we begin to bring in our fighters for this, and our first competing team of "this Victory Pit tournament The Last Line, all the way from Bladegarden!" The doors open, and all the gentlemen and ladies in the Righteous Brand armor push past you, with Gunther and the elven gentleman, step out into the light. Now you can see the cloudy sky has broken up a bit, and there is a bit of sunlight coming down into this pit. They step out into the center as the emcee begins to step away. He goes, "May the first fight be a memorable one." He steps back and enters a distant door that closes behind him. They all spread out and prepare. Across the way, a door opens and you see something shift out in chains that are then pulled off the body and the doors close behind. There you see a 12-foot tall frog-humanoid-like creature with a giant belly that begins to lumber forward towards them. They all immediately assault this entity, jumping in the air, vaulting off sides of the walls, assaulting it. One gets smacked in the face, it grabs another and throws it onto the ground. Another one rushes up as it grabs and slams it onto the floor and puts its weight on top of it, one foot pushing it down. Gunther rushes up with a blade and carves into a large section of its face. The crowd goes crazy as it pulls back and shoves Gunther off with a back fist. The elven leader rushes forward and does a few quick swipes with his blade. The large toad creature grabs it and attempts to swallow him, and manages to do so, completely ingests the leader. The rest begin to assault. Make an arcana check. 18. You don't recognize the creature, but there's something about this entity. No. All right, this fight goes on for another minute or so. You watch them trade blows back and forth. Nobody falls, and eventually the general carves his way from the stomach of the beast with a giant swipe of his blade. You watch as the blood begins to pour from it as he leaps out, coated in saliva and the creature's own crimson, spins around, and as the large toad beast pulls back, they all together, with one unified strike, surround and attack it. The beast lumbers forward and falls to the ground, unconscious. With a rousing cheer from the audience, the previous doors open. As the soldiers raise their weapons high and give a respectful bow, they begin to walk back towards the holding area, as they drag the unconscious body of this creature back to where it came. The emcee shouts again from the side, "With that, the banderhobb has fallen!" "Next, a last minute addition to today's tournament. We bring forth, traveled from "everywhere--" "The Mighty Nein!" The doors open again, and you guys are given a straight path into the center of this field. It's okay. I bumped it on the way over. No, this was from Mats by Mars, they do awesome stuff. You guys can place yourselves where you'd like. Any particular placement you'd like, as you guys have a moment to set yourselves up here. You would. Blur, all right. You have a Blur spell on right now. You guys entered from this side over here, and you saw the monster enter from this space. All righty. What do you want to do? Sure. Over here? The emcee disappears and vanishes into the back. You guys all take a quiet moment, looking around you in silence. As the audience gets quiet, still, you can see hundreds and hundreds of faces all staring, strangely formless when it's a cloud like this in all directions, little beams of light peeking through the clouds, hitting the sand and dirt on the ground before you. In that quiet, you hear (slamming). You glance around briefly and see not one, but two doors seem to have opened. Only one of them has a creature that emerges. It seems like they're playing mind games with you so you don't know where it's coming-- The door to this side suddenly swings open, and a beast begins to lumber out, chains detaching from manacles on two of its tethered, large tentacle-like arms. This grayish-brown mass, probably close to 15 feet in height, with a giant mouth filled with teeth and a large tongue that lolls off the side. Three tendrils reach off of it as these large, heavy feet pull it forward. Smell wafts around it of feces and rot. I need all of you to roll initiative, as this creature emerges right there. 25 to 20. 24, all right. Beau, Molly! Anybody else? Okay, 20 to 15. 18 for Caleb. All right, Nott. 15 to ten? Ten to five? LAURA, TRAVIS, and Oh, dear. All righty, I believe that's everyone? Top of the round, as this being (stomping) (sucking), its tongue slabbering around its open maw, Beau, you're up. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25. Yeah, easily. Okay, are you driving straight towards it? Or are you coming from a specific angle? All right, there you go. Okay, so are you-- Here's my question is this just flavor to your unarmed strikes, or are you actually trying to damage it with the wooden swords? All right, so it looks like you're fighting with the swords, but you're really punching with them. It's more for the show of it. They're not that strong. Go ahead. Two attacks. First one hits, second one misses. 12 points of damage as you hit it and you feel the actual wood of the sword crack a little bit, but your fist does hit the beast in the side, its giant blubbery, nasty body, almost slippery and sticky on impact, shifts from the blow. Is that your turn? Go for it. Total ten? That misses. The third blow goes wide, no impact. That ends your turn. Molly, you're up. That's a-- It's a wisdom save, but it's charisma-based. The DC's ten. That's a natural 20 on its saving throw. Sorry. All right, so you have both blades now going? Which rite? The Rite of the Dawn? Okay, got it. Both of your blades are now glowing. There? That ends your turn, Molly. It is now the creature's turn. It's going to step up right there. As it passes by, it's going to go ahead and swing one of its large tentacle arms, which you see have these long, curved tooth-like protrusions at the end, almost like a slapping squid tentacle. It swings toward you, Beau, with the first one. Natural one. Nope, that misses. You manage to duck it. However, it swings-- okay, that is a 17 to hit, what's your armor class? Just hits. As the tentacle misses to strike you, it does manage to grab you from behind and pull you in toward its mouth. As it opens and chomps down on you-- Yeah, you're pulled into its poopy mouth. That is 15 points of piercing damage, and I need you to roll a constitution saving throw, as the horribly-- 15 points of piercing damage. Make a constitution saving throw, please. Six, no. As the teeth sink into your body and you pull away, you feel this mild infection already begin to set inside you, and you are poisoned. The other tentacle is going to swing over towards you, Jester, as it sees you around the corner. That, however, is a really poor roll. That's going to be an eight, that misses you. You duck and it hits the stone, causing this dust to spray off of it from the impact. That's going to end its turn. Caleb, you're up. For the purposes of that, we'll put Yasha on this big old dice there. Not twice. Six is about as close as you can get, there. You have advantage on strength checks and saving throws, which is what your rage does, but your weapons do an additional 1d4 points of damage when you hit, which is good. Caleb, that ends your turn. You can, yeah. Go for it. As it strikes and misses Jester, you get one swing, but it's with disadvantage on the attack because you're poisoned. Swing wide, unfortunately you're hazy in your view, and you feel the poison start to seep into your veins, the diseased bite of the creature starting to infect your torso. That ends Caleb's turn, Nott, you're up. You other three are up after that, at the same time. That hits! Roll damage. Yeah, they're adjacent, so you get sneak attack. Oh, damn! 19 points of damage. Okay, so I'll put you about there to do that. Five feet. Take a swig. It's a free action. All right, Jester, Yasha, and Fjord, you guys are going at the same time, so you decide who is going to take their action first. All right, so Jester, Yasha, then Fjord. Jester. What saving throw is that? Rolled a four. Three plus one. Seven points of necrotic damage. As the bell (ringing) you watch as the creature shimmies in place. You don't think so. What do you want to do? Jester stays. Yasha, what are you doing? You don't get reach with the Enlarge, so you still have to get one more to hit with the melee weapon. You're ten feet away from Beau, currently. There? You're ten feet away from Jester, yeah. Rage kicks in. You have any reckless attacks, or not? No, that's fine. 14 just hits, go ahead and roll damage. Not on attacks. If she does reckless, she gets advantage. 20 points of damage with the strike. As large Yasha (heavy footsteps)-- This is going to be a thing. I have to make a large Yasha figure now. Swing the giant blade with two hands. As the blade carves down, it embeds itself four or five inches into the body of the creature. It pulls back instinctually, and as it does, it drags the blade through its body and blood sprays out. The blood itself is a thick brown color, and the smell gets even worse as it begins to spray its ichor around the air. Well done. Is that your turn? Fjord, your turn. Go for it. You step out from behind cover. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nice! You can. Dart back onto the edge-- That ends your turn. Top of the round, Beau, you're up. Disadvantage on all attacks. 18 hits! Concentration. Nine points of damage as you strike it. This time, the wooden sword does snap. It breaks on impact. You still have the hilt. (distant yelling) There's a resounding cheer. You go in your defensive stance. Good. That ends your turn. Molly, you're up. You are 40, 45 feet from it. 30, that's your movement. That's a 14. He still saves. TALIESIN. That's all right. Now it's the creature's turn. With you right there in front of it, it's going to attempt to bite you, Yasha, with its giant mouth. That is 16. What's your armor class? Aw, okay, hits you. 14 does hit. You take 15 points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Just strength. Eight. Even in your enlarged state, the diseased gathering of bacteria and terrible elements-- 15 points. The poison courses through your body, and Yasha, you are considered poisoned. It does. It's going to take its tentacles and swing one towards you, Jester. That is 23 to hit. As the tentacle swings out toward you, clawing past you with its raking teeth-- oh shit. That's 11 points of bludgeoning damage plus eight points of piercing damage as it carves into you. Go for it. You are also grappled, as the tentacle wraps around you and begins to squeeze and hold you in place. The teeth and the thorns that are coming out of the side of its tentacle jamming into your body. Is it a constitution save for Hellish Rebuke? There we go. That is going to be a nine. 3d10 damage to it. 12 points of damage. Nice. There's a burst of icy shards and blades that explode out of Jester into the tentacle and along the side of its body as it pulls back in place, swinging its other tentacle out behind it towards Beau. With disadvantage, because you have defense. Even with a disadvantage, that is 18. You suffer five points of bludgeoning damage, plus three points of piercing, so eight total, and you are also grappled. Now you are poisoned and grappled. The two side tentacles, and there's the one large tentacle on top which, now that you have a closer look, has three vertical eyes in it that are glancing around and looking at the space. The two are wrapped around two of your allies as Yasha's dealing with the poison wracking through her veins. That's going to end its turn. Caleb, you're up. Go for it. Because it attacked Beau, you could use your reaction to attack it back with your Sentinel feat. They both do. You have that. I'll let you do it now if you wanted to, if you want to take it. You have disadvantage on the attack, unfortunately. The first and the last one hit. 13 just misses. You swing, and as you're about to hit with the blade, the poison pulses through your veins, and you go wide as the creature manages to be out of range. How much damage is that? Both rays slam into it and the flames burst up, and you hear (pained gurgling), trying to pull back from the impact, but it's currently by the wall, and it's holding onto your friends and holding its ground. That ends Caleb's go. Jester. Yes. You are currently grappled, and while you are grappled you are restrained until you break free. Oh, sorry, Nott's after Caleb, my bad. Thank you. Ten goes wide. As it's reeling back from the blow of the flame jets from your buddy Caleb, unfortunately as you fire it moves just out of the way, and the bolt goes wide. If it landed, then it's fine. 18 does hit, so go ahead and roll damage and sneak attack. It's still adjacent to a friend of yours. Nice, all right. It strikes on the inside of the mouth. 19 points of damage total, got it. (bolt impact, groaning) It looks like it's hurting, but it's also in control of the battlefield on that side there. That ends your turn. Jester. It looks like it's hurt. If you'd like to. Okay. The saving throw-- that's cocked. No, that is a five plus one. Hey, it all helps. It all goes to the same place. You are still restrained and held in place there. Anything else you want to do? No, it's an action to break free. End of your turn? Yasha, you're up. He said about 20 minutes between rounds, and a short rest is an hour. You have not used reckless. That gives you advantage on your attacks. Correct. For now it's a straight roll, there's no disadvantage on that roll. That'll do it. That doubles your weapon and the d4. You roll those together. It's whatever that is. It's your 2d6 for your weapon, d6 for your divine ability, and then your die, so then double that. Roll those, double that, and then add your plus seven. Ooh, no. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Yeah, you fucking murdered it! It's currently holding Jester and Beau, and it looks like it's about to slam them together. It's pulling them back and their feet are dragging off the ground and causing grooves in the sand, and it's (growling). Which you can do, because at your full height, you're about as tall as it is. In a downward angle, you thrust forward and jam it right into the center of its membrane above its mouth. As you push down, you watch your blade actually protrude out the roof of its mouth, through its mouth, through the tongue, and into the rest of its body, and as you push, it gives this horrible squealing, guttural, swine-like sound, and as you push, and push, and push, it falls onto its back, and you keep pushing, and you keep pushing, and the tentacles go limp and release both Jester and Beau. At that point, you pull the blade free, and it is not moving on the ground, bleeding out into the sand. Okay, good to know. Enlarge lasts for how long? Your size is reduced to a more diminutive stance. As you guys back into the inside, the poison, however, is still holding. You don't know. In your herbalism kit, you can make antitoxin if you're in a space-- Yes. It's a medicine check to apply it properly, but you can do that. Yeah. As you guys back into the corner, you manage to go ahead and apply the medicinal herbs, which are used now, but the poison does manage to fade from your body, Beau. You are no longer poisoned. You're using Lesser Restoration on Yasha, you said? Up to you. Okay, the poison is removed, which is probably a good thing because it lasts until cured. Technically, it's a disease that causes poison, but because the nature of the herbs that you've utilized in this space, it fits in a similar realm because it's a bacterial infection that kicks in. I'll say because you got to it quickly enough and you rolled so high, you were able to do that. Kind of, yeah. 2d4 plus two for a healing potion. As you guys are in the process of doing this, you hear the voice shouting out-- not even realizing the other group that walks outside. "The Mountain "Makers from Grimgolir!" The dwarf and gnome troupe makes their way out into the field. As the crowd cheers, the emcee vanishes, and you see an opposing side open once again. Immediately bursting through, you see a large, nine-foot troll with elongated arms and legs start rushing into the fray, screaming this high-pitched yelp. As it runs, you can see its skin, as opposed to the deep forest green that you've read about or seen in trolls in your experiences, this looks like a dull teal-blue color. You watch as the dwarves, all of a sudden, rush in. The gnomes begin casting spells, and this assault goes back and forth. You see with each strike this cold mist off the claws of the troll with each blow. You watch as the gnomes begin to apply fire upon fire, and you watch as the entity burns, their intelligent knowledge of the creature causing it to prevent it from regenerating. Fairly rapidly, they make short work of it. They were prepared, and it was not as intense a battle as you were expecting. With that-- To your memory, you didn't know that. You didn't notice anything. With the final of the battle, the cheers go wild, the crowd goes crazy, and eventually, The Mountain Makers make their way back into the field. Anything else you guys needed to prepare at this time? "Out from the Menagerie Coast! The Stubborn Stock!" Behind you, as the doors open, they move past you. Darrow goes, "Hey, wish us luck, friends," and enters into the sunlight. The doors close. Looking out past the way, another door opens off to the side, and you watch as a 15-foot-long crocodile becomes barreling into the center, its jaws opening and snapping as it comes rushing in. It climbs over the wall that the guys are getting behind to defend and immediately snaps down on one of the soldiers, who gets hit in the side and screams out in pain. They all begin to rush in and assault, jumping off the wall and getting onto its back. You watch as Darrow climbs up onto it, taking a shortsword that one of his friends had dropped, and jams it into the top of the head. As he pulls out his battleaxe, he begins to hack away. He seems to be laughing. Another friend pries the mouth off of the one soldier that had been stamped on. He limps away as it spins around, its tail slapping one of its friends, sending him flying back ten feet as his weapon goes skidding into the sky. It hits the dirt off the way. He runs to try and retrieve it. The battle goes back and forth for a while. One of their friends goes down and one of his allies grabs and pulls him away from the battle zone as he begins to try and wake him up. At this point, you watch as Darrow makes a couple of motions to his friends, and they all cycle in and assault at one time, cutting at the throat of the large crocodile as Darrow takes his axe and carves out one of its eyes. As it pulls back, screaming in pain, they both come underneath and cut through the throat at the same time, causing it to bleed out. With that, the crocodile collapses, not moving, into the field. They slap awake their ally, and they begin to drag themselves back into the chamber as the crowd's cheering. They're a little wounded and a little winded, but as they come in, "Heh! That "wasn't too bad! You're on deck, I suppose!" They bring their friend over to the side, and one-- The one that came out here. The crocodile came out here. That was the last one. Oh, the ice troll! Sorry. The ice troll came from this side there. They are changing-- "To the front lines again! The Last Line!" You see as the armored soldiers go back out there into the field. They get into the center. They form a phalanx back to back in the center as they look around in any direction, and you hear (grunting) (roaring) and two gates open. From each gate, two large-looking figures come charging out. You see these sprinting, dark, humanoid creatures with giant horns out of the front of their head. Two minotaurs come charging into the center. Immediately, they both break into two groups and try to head them off, shields up. One of them gets thrown, taking the impact of the blow. Knocked back onto his ass, three feet back. The other one gets gored immediately, the horns piercing his armor and throwing him into the air. As this happens, you notice now they're both wielding large axes, and they start cleaving into the opponents. They're giving up a good fight, and it goes back and forth for a bit, but at one point you watch one drop, and another drop. A third one gets grabbed and picked up and then broken over the knee of one of the minotaurs. At which point, you see the elven general begins to look around nervously and starts waving his hand to call it off just as one of them gores him from behind. He gets thrown ten feet, landing onto the ground rolling, unconscious. His blade clattering in the dirt. There you see Gunther in the center with two warhammers in his hands, blood down his face going, "Come on!" They both come charging in at him from two different sides. Last minute, he darts backward, causing them to collide into each other. As they're stunned, he rushes up and jams his hammer into the head of one of them. Once. Twice. One of the minotaurs goes down, and right as he pulls back, the second minotaur gets him from behind. You watch as a horn pierce where his liver is, and he falls unconscious on the ground. They fall. The final minotaur roars up into the air and the whole crowd goes, "Oh!" You watch as two groups come out with chains and manacles and manage to grapple and throw them down. The lasting minotaur passes out in the chains and they drag him back off the field. The two clerics rush out into the field and prevent death to those who are in the process of slipping. With that, The Last Line is pulled back, the first fallen out here in the field. "The first fallen in the tournament!" "Let us greet back to the field, The Mighty Nein!" The doors open once more. All righty. Where do you guys wish to be placed? If you'd like to try. Make an athletics check real fast. Yeah. This one here? All righty. This one here? Yeah, you're fine. Nott? Okay. Yasha? Okay. You're with Caleb there? All righty. As you guys all take your place, two gates immediately open again. You hear two sources of this loud, deep (howling). Leaping through both sides, you see two massive, white furred wolves come leaping through into a full sprint. From this side and this side here. You Invoke Duplicity? Next to Nott. All righty, I need you all to roll initiative. (screaming) Aw, Caleb. My dice fell. Sorry, mic. All righty, for this new round, 25 to 20? Oh shit. We have Beau-- You got it. 20 to 15? All right then, it'd be Yasha. 15 to ten? Ten to five? All righty. Caleb at the bottom. Top of the round, as the wolves begin to emerge, Beau, you're up first. All righty. Okay. Make an animal handling check. Just because I want to see what will happen. Okay. You throw it. That's your action. Yeah, to get its attention and try and throw it? Patient Defense is a bonus, you're fine. Yeah. All right, that ends Beau's turn. Jester, you're up. All righty. That's a failure. That is an eight. Go ahead and roll damage on that one. Five points of damage, nice. All righty. As the divine flame burns up around it, it's still running. Right there? Okay. All right, that ends your turn. Molly, you're up. All righty. 25. 30 You have line of sight. That's a eight, so that hits. You got it. That ends Molly's turn. It is now the wolves' turn. This one is going to run, pacing around this side, up into that range there. It's going to rush up and partially pass through the Jester illusion, look back and see all that crowd in front, in its area. It pulls back and its shoulders curl up and the fur expands and (deep roar). You watch as a burst of freezing winter air blows out of its open mouth. LAURA and That's going to get all three of you guys. (laughter) Yeah, it's a cone out in that direction. That's a success. Nope. Yasha? Okay! (laughter) 16 points of cold damage to Yasha and Caleb and eight points to you, Jester. Yes. Exactly, so four. The other one is going to (galloping noises) turn around-- It's not going for a wooden sword. It saw it for a moment. It's going to move, rush up here. It was running out and you whistled and it went (grunt) and kept running. It's going to go ahead and blast another cold air bit in that direction that will go for both Molly and Fjord. I need you both to roll dexterity saving throws, please. You barely succeed! Molly does not. That is 26 points of cold damage to you, Molly. I rolled really well on that. That's 13 to you, Fjord. You are not, unfortunately, no. Yeah, and as it finishes blowing, it growls in place. That's going to end its turn. Yeah, so that will bring us to the next round. That's Yasha, you're up. All righty. Go for it. You have advantage with your attacks, if you're reckless. That will hit! d6. Disadvantage doesn't affect it. It's a cone. Sorry. See, technically it would be-- It was a natural 20? You only roll three of those dice. Yes, that's how it is. Roll again, that's fine. It's 2d6 reroll. It's okay. 27 points of damage! You carve a hefty chunk out of this wolf as you slam down with your blade. As it carves past, you see where the white fur has now become red on its left side. It (whimpers) pulls back from the pain. Part of its flesh is flapping from the wound you left as you draw the blade back. That was a pretty hefty hit. That ends Yasha's turn. Nott, you're up. Fjord, you're up next. That definitely hits. 16 points of damage. Beautiful! Go for it. That hits! Roll damage. Six to that guy. As both bolts hit the open wound that Yasha left behind, it's now starting to growl and look like it's in pain and is getting cornered-animal angry. All right, that ends Nott's turn. Fjord, you're up. This wolf here? You can get there. The one that you run away from does snap at you with its maw. I know you guys love that word. I know I do. That is going to be a nine. That does not hit, it's a three plus six. Its jaws snap behind you and you hear the impact, but it's too far below you. That ends Fjord's go. Caleb, you're up. This one here? Strength saving throw. That is going to be a 12. What's your DC? 15, no. He is held in place. As the hand creeps up and grabs it, it (yelps) and it's held in place now, up off the ground, its paws held as this giant caw paw is holding the doggy. That ends Caleb's turn. At the top, Beau, you're up. Jester, you're up next. You're already there. You're there. You have advantage on your strikes, though. Yeah, because it's restrained. 13 just hits. Eight damage, all righty. As you leap over, slamming your fist down-- or, your staff down-- on the nostril of the restrained wolf, and then as you land, hit it with the back of your elbow. It takes the impact, but it can't move anywhere; it's held in place by this magical-- You do. It would be-- Yeah. Roll damage for that, please. You're trying to move around it? You have about 15 more feet of movement, I'll say. Six damage, got it. That ends Beau's turn. Jester, you're up. Molly, you're on deck. Okay, so you're going to run across the wall? Nine points of slashing damage against this, nice. As you carve down with the axe and it cuts through, it yelps again. You guys are cutting it up pretty bad. It's hurting. It's not on death's door or anything, but it's hurting. Its fur is starting to get matted with its own blood with each blow. That ends Jester's turn-- or, anything else you want to do with your turn? Only one way to find out. TRAVIS and Okay, you're right up against the pillar, we'll say. That ends your turn, Jester. Molly, you're up. Okay. 12 does not hit, unfortunately. It ducks out of the way. You're trying to swing at it, but unfortunately, for some reason, the howl of its presence and it moving so quickly in front of you throws you off and your blades are not going well. That ends your turn, Molly. It's now the wolf's turn. Let's see if they get their breath back. Nope and nope, neither of them do! They are both going to make a single bite attack. One of them is going to be, let's see, against you, Yasha. You did the most amount of damage to it, so it's going to make a bite attack against you. That is going to be-- and it has advantage, since you used your reckless. That's going to be-- Right, so it would have been the first strike. That would be a total of 14. What's your armor class? Aw, just hits! That would be 12 points of piercing damage as it bites down on you with its giant jaws. I need you to make a strength saving throw, which you do not have advantage, currently, because you're not raging. Success, it does not knock you prone. It bites and tries to throw you onto the ground, but you push off of its jaws and use the back of the wall to steel yourself and kick its mouth off of you and still stand there, resolute, with your blade in hand. The other one is going to attempt to break free. It does not like being held in place by there. What does it have to roll to break free? 15? What kind of check? Strength? 13 plus four, that's 17, yeah. It manages to break free of the hand. That's its action, correct. It will move over here to flank up right there. Beau, you do get an attack of opportunity as it moves out of the space, and if you hit it, it does prevent it from moving. 14 hits. (cheering) As you're pulling the tail, it's screaming. That's going to end their turn. Yasha, you're up. Yeah. Go for it. Good thing you went reckless. Jesus! I think you found your snitch! 25 points. No, how do you want to do this? (cheering) Technically, it's not plus two with rage, because it's not plus seven, right? Because you weren't raging. It's 23. Because you're not raging, remember. There is two damage from that you don't have on the plus seven, so it's plus five. Still enough to finish it, but I wanted to let you know. It's plus three for strength, plus two for your Divine Fury, and then plus two for your rage damage-- that makes it plus seven, but you're not raging. It had 22 hitpoints left, so you still manage to carve it down. (relieved groaning) As the blade carves through, you hear it yelp, and its growl turns into this low, guttural (fading growl), and goes limp in your grip as you push it and draw the blade from its body. It slumps onto the ground, right at the base of Jester. Molly, you both take a step back as the body slumps to the ground, no longer moving. Hex is off. That's the end of Yasha's turn. Nott, you're up. That hits. 12 points of damage to it, all right. Go for it. Ten to attack, you mean? (arrow firing sound) It goes too wide. It hits the stone behind, almost hitting Beau. You're like (scattering sound) as it sparks off the stone. No impact. There you go. Nott the Brave, by the name. Fjord, you're up. Oh, you're going in melee with it? All right, so you move there. As the blade appears in the hand, you see a blast of greenish energy as the blade apparates out of his grip. As he swings upward, it sends an arc of seawater splashing into the air. Go ahead and roll for an attack. That definitely hits. Same sword, looks a little different. 13 points of damage to it. As you arc upward, it cuts upward, the splash of seawater mixed with the arc of blood from the wound. The way you carved up hits the back of its thigh, and one leg collapses for a second and it looks over at you with these angry, piercing blue eyes. It's looking pretty hurt. It's limping to that side, now. You guys see that the falchion has a slight curve to it and has a hooked end to the back of its design. That finishes your turn, Fjord. Caleb, you're up. That hits, go and roll for damage. Total of nine fire damage to it. As it's turning back and forth and growling, and Beau's harrying it from the side, the two rays of fire slam into its side and it turns back around. You can see the dark burn marks on its white fur where the impacts have started to burn, and you can see some of the skin underneath where the hair has been burned away is black and cracked. It's hurt pretty bad. Perfect. Ending Caleb's turn, Beau, you're up. Go for it. 17 does hit. Eight points of damage. As you slam it with the second hit up in its groin area, it's impacted. It's hanging on. It's hurting, but it's pretty beat up. Yasha and Beau have been hitting two sides of coin tonight. All right-- I know, how many ki points do you have left? That's the last one. All right. Well, that ends Beau's turn, Jester you're up, and Molly you're after that. All righty. Okay. Runs around-- It rolled a 14, what's your DC? Resists it, unfortunately. Sorry. Anything else on your turn? Okay. Molly you're up. That'll hit. No, it does not. Seven points, all righty. Yep, roll damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) As you go rushing towards it, it opens its jaws to strike. You slide down and with one scimitar you jam up into its lower jaw, which causes its upper jaw to be stuck and as you pull it out its jaw falls open. As it does, your other blade, you backswing dropping-- not dropping, but holding on with both hands on the other side, swing through and as it carves in, you actually get about one to two feet inward as the jaw lolls open. The tongue slips out as you cut it from the inside of the mouth. Its eyes go dull as the creature's body collapses to the ground, no longer moving. With that point, the whole crowd goes cheering-- The gates where you came open, and you all go and return. Okay, as you guys step into the back chamber, you cast Prayer of Healing. All righty. All righty. As you guys pull back into your chamber, there's a few nods. Darrow's clapping and the rest of his team are clapping. There's a clap from two of the Mountain Makers off to the side. At which point, "The Mountain Makers!" are announced and they step out into the space. As they all gather, hiding in the corner, spreading out a bit, two of the sides open. Out of one, two large furred entities about eight to nine feet tall come rushing in with a combination of fur and feathers, these hooked, dark beaks at the tips of their mouths. Two owlbears come running in and go into an assault on these people. They took some hits in the last battle, and as it goes back and forth, you watch as they're striking it and cutting through. The owlbears are screaming this horrible squeal of pain and anguish combined with ravenous anger, and they start tearing and pulling into them. One of them grabs the gnome in its beak, pulls up and tears its throat out. The gnome gurgles as it falls to the ground. The two clerics immediately come up to the side, getting ready to rush out there to try and save its life. Another one of them manages to hit one of the owlbears in its leg as it falls on the ground and they all start slashing on it. It looks like one owlbear is about to fall as the other one, in a complete frenzy either partnered or what, tears and grabs one of the dwarves and starts biting into its face as it screams, it falls unconscious on the ground. It grabs another, and bites into its chest, throwing it into the sky as they spin off to the side. As they all begin to pick up to assault the one that's going after them, the one on the ground slowly gets back up and joins the fray. You watch one by one as these owlbears, on the cusp of dying, tear through the Mountain Makers. At which point, the crowd goes like (gasp) "Whoa!" Big cheers. Cheers because it's a display, but also that mournful "Whoa", that low bass-y sound. At which point you see the two groups come out again with the chains and the come up to the outskirts of the owlbears which then pass out, and they put the manacles on and then pull them away. Right as they get up to them, they pass out. They pull them off, and drag them, the gates open wipe, the clerics rush out and grab and drag in the bodies. The gnome is gone but one of the clerics reaches over and touches him, and for a moment later (gasps) breath comes back and you watch the wound close up somewhat. Brought from death. As they pull the group in-- The shout comes for the next group. "The Stubborn Stock returns!" and Darrow and his team rush out, giving a pat on the shoulder to Yasha on the rush out. They go out to the middle field, the gates close, and there, two of the gates open on the sides and you see these dark shapes kind of-- (materialization noise) Almost skittering but shifting, their position seems hard to map. At which point you see Darrow glance on the side and he goes, "Oh no, I know what this is!" You watch as these large panther-like creatures with large tendrils off their back whipping begin rushing inward. One of them swings and strikes, but as he strikes it passes through and it all of a sudden shifts, and was not in the space where it blow and it pounces onto one of his adventurers. They begin to hack back and forth, crowding up around each other back to back, one of them is pulling out his longbow and letting loose arrow after arrow. Some striking, some missing. One of them all of a sudden the phase is lost, it gets struck, and now it is in a solid place. They use that moment for all of them to dash in and surround this one creature. They manage to, within one round, carve down this one displacer beast on one side, the other pouncing onto Darrow and holding him to the ground. Its back legs clawing into his belly as the others try and pull it off. Darrow takes a serious series of wounds before he manages to pull himself free. The displacer beast grabs another of its friends and snaps him in his face. He falls unconscious and whips around. They strike at it a few times, but they can't seem to find where its body is. It is dodging around until finally Darrow is back up, his face covered in blood, takes his battle axe and swings wide and clocks it in the side of the jaw. Its strange illusion form vanishes at that point, its body coming to a very condensed location. They all swarm this one, and one by one tear it down for the next round. They're hurt, their bruised, and Darrow's looking rough, but with that the Stubborn Stock raise their hands "The Stubborn Stock, continues!" and the crowd cheers. As they pull back in, the MC walks back out. "Two rounds completed, and only two teams remain for the third and final round, will they all fall? Will they all survive? We shall see as next, we call forth The Mighty Nein!" Any preparation you guys have in this moment as the doors begin to open? All right. At this point the crowd's cheering, "Mighty Nein! Mighty Nein! Mighty Nein!" The doors are open, what are you guys doing? Who's going where? How long does your illusion last? Caleb's going to stay with Fjord. Pick you a door? No, you get to pick, Nott. Right next to there. What are you doing, Yasha? How long does Invoke Duplicity last? Guys-- For one minute, so your Invoke Duplicity's gone. Right. One, two, the map is accurate to them, four-- Five doors. You guys exit from this one here. Yeah, you came in from this one. Four others beside you guys yeah. Guys, quickly. Coming in, what are you doing? What's your plan? The crowd cheering dies down, what are you guys doing? What are you doing? Nott, you're staying there? As the quiet has this stillness that's come across the whole battlefield, every breath is being held. You all in your chaos, running around and trying to shout orders to each other, you all eventually come to settle in this place. (slow, heavy footfalls, roaring) All the doors come upward. Heavy, repeated footfalls hit, before bursting out of the far end, you see a Hill Giant come barreling through. (yelling) It has these tiny little spines stuck into it, like it's been agitated and pushed to a point of absolute rage and anger. It's just roaring. All right, you release it? All right, and this is where we're going to pick up next week. (yelling) I know. That's going to be fun. Oh, man. This is going to be fun.