Wow. Holy shit, y'all! Welcome to the poor unfortunate soul that had to follow Sam Riegel out on stage. (shouting) No, don't touch it! We all know where it's been! This is insane. Welcome, everyone, to Gen Con 2018, our live show here at the Murat Theatre. [cheering] (McCree voice) Somewhere in the world. [cheering] We have some announcements to go through. First, we have our fantastic returning sponsor, our wonderful friends at D&D Beyond. [cheering] Thank you, Sam. And thank you, our friends at D&D Beyond. Few other quick announcements to get through. My fireside chat that was part of our fantastic 826LA charity run we did a couple months back will be this coming Tuesday, August 7th, at 500pm Pacific, where I'll be answering a bunch of your questions and generally hanging out with the community for about an hour or more. So hope to have you there. We'll have Marisha's Honey Heist 2 Electric Beargaloo-- [cheering] This one bookends the second and final half of the Vox Machina adventure, featuring all community-based art from all the incredible Critters out there. Taliesin, Liam, what do you have to say? For more details on that as we are able to share them going on forward, including on-sale updates, go to critrole.com to keep up to speed on that. As a reminder, we have our Wyrmwood giveaways that we do during the breaks here for the Critical Role intermission. We'll be having one here tonight as well. So when we go to break, you'll have to jump over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, we'll have a code at the time for you to enter, but be prepared for when that comes around. Let's see, I think that brings us mostly to the end of our announcements for the evening. It's time to get comfortable. Maybe. Couldn't agree more. With all that out of the way, as we rein in-- --our respective nerves and ridiculousness, I think it's time for us to come into tonight's episode of Critical Role. Welcome back. Last we had left off-- let's see if I can get some music here situated. Perfect. The Mighty Nein, an intrepid band of adventurers here in the continent of Wildemount, had found three of their members taken in the middle of the night by a band of kidnappers and slavers they found to be called The Iron Shepherds. In trying to hunt down and find where their allies were taken, they ran into a previous member of this team, known as Keg, a dwarven warrior who herself was on a path to vengeance against these people she previously worked with. Aligning forces, they made their way northward, towards the city of Shadycreek Run, which exists outside of the laws and boundaries of the Dwendalian Empire. Along the way, they ambushed The Iron Shepherds, and in doing so lost one of their allies. With Mollymauk fallen on the battlefield and the rest left to simmer over the decisions they made, they continued northward, where they encountered a new friend, north of the city of Shadycreek Run. Caduceus Clay was pulled from his hermit lifestyle north of the city within the confines of the Savalierwood to join them in assaulting The Sour Nest, the keep where the Iron Shepherds call home. They staked out the outskirts of this location, managed to slay some of the guardians who were keeping watch along the outer perimeter wall, not necessarily very stealthily made their way into the entryway, but managed to take out a number of members of the Iron Shepherds, some of their paid compatriots, as well as some of their more elite, at least one of their more elite, fighters. Along with them they had met Nila, who is a firbolg who was searching for her also kidnapped partner and son. Using her druidic powers, aided them in this assault, and in doing so found and helped her family escape. As she absconded from the location with her family to keep them safe, the rest of you remained behind, trying to find out where the remainder of The Iron Shepherds reside within The Sour Nest and how best to deal with their presence. Last we left off, Caleb, you had sent Frumpkin, your familiar, in the form of a spider, to inspect the upper floor of the chamber, and upon feeling a squeeze from Keg, had just instilled her with the speed and alacrity of a Haste spell. And that's where we're going to pick up. In this moment, Keg, as you go to notify Caleb of what has transpired below, he reaches out and instills you with that familiar surge of adrenaline. Time seems to slow, your muscles tense and flex. What do you do? He's a slow spider. Yeah. Frumpkin has curled his way to the top floor and you can see there are the two open hallways here from left to right. Frumpkin would be-- I got two mics to make this work! Frumpkin appears on the secondary floor looking down both hallways in which there appear to be no signs of anyone at the moment. Your Haste is running out. Caleb begins to slowly climb up the stairs, feeling out along these spirals as it carries from the bottom floor to the upper tier of The Sour Nest fortress. You would if you want to stay quiet, yes. With disadvantage. As Caleb begins to fumble his way up the stairs, Keg coasts up past him, double Haste speed, clanging all the way. Frumpkin can hear this from the top floor. You hear this heavy sound of like two giant bags of pots and pans. (clanking) You make your way to the top. Keg, you have about two more rounds before your Haste runs out. You now see both sides of this hallway are open and empty. They both curl around the corner to show the perimeter and there are rooms in the interior. You see one doorway right across from where you entered. Caleb's about 15 feet below. In waiting for Caleb to ascend the stairs, the Haste spell comes to a complete cycle. Your body is filled with lethargic energy drain and you find yourself stunned there for a moment at the top of the stairs as the spell fades. But Caleb has joined you. This path here? The two of you begin to move slowly in this direction as Frumpkin slowly curls, in spider speed, further down this edge. There is a closed doorway here and it curves around this side. Do you continue? There's a door right there. Okay. Frumpkin continues down, eventually revealing the back hallway to be also empty. There's nobody inside that hall at the moment, but you see a second doorway right at the back there. It seems there is either a linked chamber or two different rooms that have entryways right there. Frumpkin peeks under the door, and unveils some sort of a rest chamber for a number of hirelings. You do see inside, currently, two sleeping hired members who have begun waking up from the recent sounds to go through their stuff. It's what they could find on Amazon. So yes, they do. They both, seemingly alarmed by the recent sounds of both the fireworks outside and the commotion downstairs-- They're going into these chests and pulling out their armor and they're in the process of putting on the leather armor. They're getting ready to scramble downward. At the moment, yes. All right, Frumpkin continues down this hall. You guys reach the corner as well and as you spin around the edge, you can see there are two doors that lead to two other chambers that are separated on the opposite end. As you go near the first door, Frumpkin enters this chamber, which reveals another shared bedchamber. Maybe more elite members of the Iron Shepherds call a room to bed for the evening. As Frumpkin enters this space, you hear the far door open up on that side. Footsteps, as the now donned armor and armed hirees of the Iron Shepherds begin to make their way down the stairs below. You guys are down in the basement still, after you sent Nila up with her family to exit. Up near the hatch on the upper stairs. You didn't put it anywhere else, so yeah, just sitting up against a wall. It is a little bit. It takes a while for the decomposition to take effect. The stairs to go down are right there. That's the one exit you have. As Frumpkin enters the final room, it reveals a large bedchamber adorned with more intricate silks and accoutrement, to design a garish but somewhat ghastly bedroom in dark reds and purples. You can see, on the side of the bed, a plate that still contains mostly eaten remains of some sort of creature. The room smells of a musty smoke and some thick animalistic musk. It's hard to pinpoint, but it's a putrid stench immediately once it hits Frumpkin's nose. But the room is empty. Make a perception check. As this is transpiring, what did you roll for a perception check? There doesn't look to be anything about the stonework or beneath the bed at Frumpkin's level that looks out of the ordinary. Frumpkin briefly leaps up onto the edge of the bed and you can see the bed, while it was once well made, seems to have been worn-- the actual cushion is sagged pretty heavy in the center-- it looks like it's been slept in for quite some time. For stealth? Yeah. Still with disadvantage. Better than last time. By one. It's a scale in the right direction. So Keg, as you hold up your plates a bit, like you're trying to cross a puddle, you're trying to tiptoe down the stone hallway towards the staircase. The rest of you begin to hear what sounds like the arrival of footsteps rushing along the stone on the outside of the small hallway that leads to the trapdoor into the basement. What do you do? Yeah, it's maybe a 15-foot wide hallway. Yeah, you can do that. Make a stealth check, please. As Nott darts around the corner, you suddenly hit what feels like a wall at first. But it's softer and covered in material. You look up to see one of the hooded lackeys of the Iron Shepherds who had just come around the other side. Goes, "What the fuck?" and pulls out his short sword. Her you mean? All right. I'll say make a deception check Caduceus, with advantage because you've been given help from your friends. They both stop and glance and look at this, and the one that Nott had bumped into leans forward-- you can see his squared, scarred chin where none of his facial hair grows from some sort of deep wound he had received at a younger age. You see his eyes, these deep, sunken brown irises staring back, as he goes "I don't think I've ever seen you around here before." I understand that, but not every transformation is impervious to scrutiny. "Wait... "shit, we've been infiltrated!" He pulls his other blade out, the guy behind him goes ahead and pulls out his blade as well. Roll initiative. [cheering] Okay. You will be in just a moment. You're catching up to it. You're coming around the corner. They were a bit quicker than you and you were trying to be stealthy. No worries, all right. Beau, you're up first-- they rolled really bad initiative. Not as bad as these guys, but-- Go for it, roll for attack. Hits. Roll damage. You can. Saving throw on that is a six. The one who just drew the blade-- as you crack him upside the head, he stumbles a couple of feet into the wall. As he backs up, you can see his eyes rolling around in the sockets and he's trying the grab the edge of the stonework to get his bearings. He has no idea where he is for the moment. Go for it. Attack rolls have have advantage now because he is stunned. That hits. He's still standing, but he's looking pretty beat up and he's just making vowel sounds now. Speech isn't capable given the series of events that have transpired. Also with advantage. That hits, roll damage. As you're like, "Shh!" (crunching noises) Just repeatedly slamming his head into the stone until his arms go limp. You slide his face across the stone as he collapses to the ground. [cheering] As you're doing that, the guy behind him, who was his backup, sees this happen, because his initiative's next in the order, and he turns and runs. [laughter, cheering] At this point, Keg, you've just come down the stairs. Roll initiative for me. That'll put you next at the top of the order. You see this guy cross around the corner as you step to the bottom of the steps-- there's a moment of pause where you both make eye contact, "Oh, this is awkward." We're going to finish up with Nott and Caduceus and then we'll come back to you. Nott, what are you doing? Yeah, you have enough movement to get around and you can still see him as he's turning around the side. Yeah, that'll hit. It's not sneak attack, no. That hits, roll damage again. As both crossbow bolts (zooming) in his back, he reaches back and you can see the muscles in his shoulders pull back from the pain and he looks back in your direction then glances back at Keg. He's not sure which threat is more nominal at the moment. Caduceus, your turn. That's a natural five on his wisdom saving throw. Dexterity or wisdom, I don't remember, but it doesn't matter. Yeah, that's not happening. Go ahead and roll your damage on that. Keg, you watch the person run around the corner and look at you and go "Uh. (pained grunting)," get shot with two bolts from behind, tense up, and then burst into radiant flame and then collapse to the ground, slow smoldering on the stone. [cheering] He will be in a moment. It looks like he's not putting up much of a fight at the moment. Roll an attack with advantage because he's-- Sure, go for it. You don't even have to roll damage. You walk up and you see him on the ground going (pained yelling) and rolling, and you shake your head. Like a watermelon at a Gallagher performance you bring your war hammer down on top of his skull and paint a new carpet for the front entryway of The Sour Nest. At that moment, it doesn't appear like there's any immediate danger or movement. You all take a moment to look about and there's no sign of anybody else coming at the moment. A strange blur streaks by. Caduceus, you see it from the upstairs. It looks like a blur of black. No larger than that big. It scoots past and curves around the corner, back in the direction of the basement. You guys see this and begin to follow past. Beauregard, you're still standing back by the hatch and something stops in front. Make a perception check. Ten? It wizzes right past you and you don't even have a moment to make out any details of what it is. It immediately heads down the stairway towards where you found Nila's family, into the basement. You guys have returned to the entry where you had met Nila's family and sent her off to protect them. You now head down the hallway that curves to the right. You had made some intel when you had sent Frumpkin earlier to see. You saw in the next chamber two members, Ruzza and Protto of The Iron Shepards, waiting on the opposite end, weapons ready, knowing you're coming. There appear to be two cages with people inside, but you couldn't make out any details. Caleb, as you continue down the hall, unveiling it to the right, it still appears to be open without issue. You peek further down. The rest of you follow suit or do you stay in the back chamber? Make a stealth check, please. A stealth check for you too, Caleb, but you have advantage. Stealth checks for all those that are going to follow. Nice. I don't know. Do you want to be stealthy or not? Okay. Keg's going to make to the edge of the hall and just wait. As you guys all make your way quietly around the side, Caduceus's armor catches the edge of the stonework and gives this faint grinding sound. But you work forward. Looking inside, you can see these two archways in this chamber you had previously seen. There, on the other side, you can see Ruzza and Protto, weapons ready, whispering to each other. As you're standing there, Caleb, that familiar sound, that buzzing, small, dark shape appears and stops for a second there in space. You can see a small bird. [cheering] With something long and metallic in its beak. It darts up into the shadow and is gone. [laughter] You hear as Ruzza looks over to Protto and goes, "Are they coming or not? I'm getting "impatient." Protto goes, "Yeah, maybe we should poke one of them." He pulls out a blade and jams it into the cage to the left. You hear a voice against the gag. A muffled yell. Right here? Make a perception check. You move up against the side. What faint bit of light is coming from the almost entirely extinguished torch on the wall. You see a bit of shifting movement and you hear the movement of chains inside the cage where the blade had just been stabbed inside. You see a large, shifting gray-white shape in the shadow. You hear a muffled voice cursing against the constraints of the binding. Out of the corner of your eye, a hand slips out of a chain, carrying the same metal object that the small bird was carrying in its beak. [cheering] The rest of you, what are you doing? As the three of your heads poke around the corner, all three of you shift as Keg slams into from behind. Both of their heads, who were currently bickering, of Protto and Ruzza look back towards the front. "Shit, they're here! Back up!" They both begin to retract and back up into the chamber behind them. If you'd like to. All right. Well, now that we're entering combat, and everybody's there, it's time to roll initiative. Everyone, roll initiative. All righty, do we have-- (laughs) 25 to 20? What's your dexterity bonus? All right. 22. You are tied with Ruzza. With The Duchess now perched upon the wall, you can see, creeping around the side, the tiny goblin face of Nott and Beauregard, hood up around the edge. For the first time in a day or two, you sense the tide turning in your favor. All right. 20 to 15, anybody? 15 to ten? Oh! Caleb, all righty. 15 to ten? All righty. ten to five? What did you get? You guys are going to go at the same time because you have the same dexterity. You and Ruzza are going to go at the same time, what are you going to do? The Duchess darts across the chamber, across from where the torch is, and perches upon a piece of the protruding stonework where she has a good view of the hallway where they're currently receding and the chamber you're in. The gentleman and the lady, you see them both pretty well. She, at the same turn, is running down the hallway. So what are you doing? You've managed to get both of your hands free and slowly dropped the manacles and the gag. You've been working on this for a while. You're still in the cage. All right, and what form is your spiritual weapon? All right. With your view, you could drop it directly in front of Protto, or behind Protto to still try and get the strike. Would you want it in the front or the back? At this distance, you could get one. You'd be able to-- next round-- try again, but you could get the one. We'll say it bowls by and slams right there towards Protto. Make a spell attack roll for me, please. So d20, add your spell attack modifier. Yeah. Plus? 14 unfortunately does not hit. Protto's a nimble fellow. As Nefertiti's mystical bust slams towards him, he dodges out of the way and goes, "Ugh!" and begins darting back towards there. That was your bonus action. You still have your action to either cast a cantrip or do anything else with your action, like pick the lock or anything else you want to try and do. Go for it. Go ahead and roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier and your proficiency modifier. That's three plus three. So plus six to whatever you roll. 20 total? 20 is what you needed. It was a DC 20 save. [cheering] Taking the small pieces of metal and wire that The Duchess has been slowly stealing from throughout The Sour Nest and bringing back to your cage, you manage to get the lock to fall open. With that, the cage opens and you can step out, taking your first breath of free air in a couple of days. All right, does that finish your turn? Finishing Shakäste's run, Ruzza has darted to the back there. Let's see, that brings us-- Ruzza's going to hold her action. Nott, you're up next. Protto is out of the room, but Protto is moving through the hall further down that way. Yeah. You run to within 30 feet? There you go. That's about 25, 30 feet right there. No. 13 does not hit. Protto ducks out of the way as it hits some of the stone wall, sparking before it lands harmlessly on the wall to the back. 19 does hit, roll damage. Not bad. As he dodges the first one, the other one-- He tries to duck out of the way and instead, you see it vanish into the cloak. At first, you thought it just passed through harmlessly, but you hear an "Ugh!" and he falls and limps against the wall for a second before looking up in your direction with a snarl. All right. That finish your turn? No. Technically, you still have about 15 feet. You go to duck over towards Shakäste, and your face hits something that's not there. It's like some sort of invisible force. You immediately recognize the familiar scent of Caleb's coat right in front of you. Caleb, it's your turn. Into the cage across-- Make a perception check. Okay. Inside, you see two people. You see a small child and a dwarf male, older. Both are looking scared, the child especially, but the dwarf has his arms around the child protectively. Though it is a human child, it looks like they've both been in captivity for a bit and at least he's feeling protective of the child. They're both stripped of any necessary implements aside from just their clothing, and they look scared, but not too worse for wear. That brings us to Protto. He's going to-- Is this working? There we go. Protto's going to dart over to join Ruzza at the back and says, "Quick, send it "down!" Ruzza, who's been holding her action, reaches back and grabs some sort of a lever. At which point-- both of the archways to the front and the back of the chamber that you're in-- you hear this grinding of chains. Sealing the three of you in the chamber. Beauregard, Keg, Caduceus, in the hallway behind, as you spin around the corner, this portcullis suddenly slams down, separating you from the other half of your party. Protto, who has kept you at bay and can see the space between the bars, takes out his crossbow. The one that he can see best at this moment is Nott. He's going to take a shot at Nott. That's going to be a 17 plus four? Plus six to hit. That hits. This is a longbow, not a crossbow. My apologies. That's two plus four. You take six points of piercing damage. Then he's going to dart around the corner. Yes, you can. There you go, so three damage to you. That's going to end Protto's go, as he darts around the corner. Beau, you're up. You hold your action to try to wedge it, look back for his help, and you see him turn the other direction and start walking away. Are you going to continue with your action or still hold it? Keg comes through that. You have advantage on this because Beauregard is helping you because she's holding her action to help with that. The bars begin to pull open ever so slightly, but not enough. You do feel, however, that whatever weight is carrying it down, it's heavy, but with two people you might have a chance of lifting it. But it looks like the bars are too thick to try and pull apart. That ends Keg's turn. Caduceus. Make an investigation check. What'd you get? You start to just trace the stonework with your fingers and then find this really fascinating bit of moss. Soft green, it's been growing in the crevice. You haven't seen this type of moss before. You forget for the moment what you're doing. Top of the turn, that brings us to Shakäste and Ruzza. Now, she's going first because she's a little quicker than you on this one. Ruzza's going to... Let's see here... Yeah, she's going to Vicious Mockery. That's a fun one. Looking through at Shakäste, since you're the one who stepped out of the cage, and they had seen you there for a bit, looks over to you and goes, "Oh, I'm sorry. "Were our bedding arrangements not good enough for you? Oh, we can arrange for a much better place to "sleep, about six feet beneath this." Make a wisdom saving throw, please. Oh, yeah. Like water off a duck's back doesn't bother you. All righty. What are you going to do for your turn? Go ahead and roll another attack. d20, big one. That's your spell attack modifier. Should be a plus seven, I think? Yeah, once again Nefertiti goes grinding through the hallway, slamming near Ruzza. Ruzza quickly ducks out of the way and dodges over to where Protto is hiding. Yeah, that'll work. That's a wisdom saving throw, I believe. Or Sacred Flame is dexterity? I think it is. Either way, let's see what she rolls. That's a 13 plus-- Taliesin, is it wisdom or dexterity for Sacred Flame? Dex. So that's a 19. That's a success. As the middle finger sticks through, she ducks out of the way. She's a wily one, that Ruzza, and she keeps dodging and weaving, dancing around your assault. Finishing up Shakäste's turn, that brings us to Nott. What're you doing? You're on deck, Caleb. You don't see Protto, but you see Ruzza. Go for it. Oh, that'll hit. Six points of damage to Ruzza. I mean, you can certainly try. 18 hits. Roll damage again. Firing between these bars of the portcullis, you fire both bolts. Both of them sink into the armor and probably pierce and intrude too, into the torso of Ruzza. As she falls back against the wall, "Ah, you son of a bitch." (panting) Right up next to you, you bump into an invisible Caleb again. Caleb, it's your turn. Just for the hell of it, make an athletics check for me. All right. You manage to make it most of the way over but its a relatively heavy table for your size and diminutive form. You can probably get it there by the end of next round but you're in process. Finishing Caleb's go, it is now Protto's turn. Protto is going to go ahead and dart back around the corner, ducks beneath Nefertiti and then is going to take two shots at Beauregard but because it is between two portcullises he has disadvantage on the strikes. There is only one he can currently see down this long hallway. So the first shot is a natural 20 but disadvantage. That is a nine plus six. That is a 15 to hit. What's your armor class? Second shot is 19 to hit. So, the second longbow shot releases towards you for eight points of piercing damage. The first one goes wide and hits the wall beyond the boundaries of the portcullis. The second one you see coming towards you and you just catch it. Probably yeah. You go to throw it and it hits the bar immediately upon releasing and shoots off at the side. It skids to a stop at the foot of Shakäste as he looks down at it, confused. Beau. That was the end of Protto's turn. Protto is going to move back behind the corner. Now it's your turn. Holding that. Keg it's your go. With advantage. Beau, as you squat down to get your hands in the position to grab it you're like, "All right, "time to go!" As you go to reach for it, it's already lifted up. You see Keg there just holding it up, both arms overhead. With that, Caleb scoots the table back into space to keep it held somewhat aloft. That would be an additional action, but you can move through the space if you would like. Unfortunately, you had to ready your action on your turn so you don't have any movement. That puts you right up next to Shakäste. Shakäste, of all the friends that you recognize coming into this event, you watch as this short-haired, burly, gritty, stubble-chinned female dwarf in full jagged looking half-plate armor comes up with two heavy weapons one a giant warhammer, the other a battleaxe. The edge of a mostly burned cigarette dangling at the edge of the lip. After holding this thing up and stepping through, dropping it behind her. Question mark? Caduceus, it's your turn. You watch the naturally twisted and gnarled wooden staff that Caduceus carries, which previously had a dozen of small knot holes in it, suddenly begin to exude dozens and dozens and dozens of small beetles that begin to swarm out of the staff and curling onto the ground. You can place it. It's 30 feet, you can't quite get it to them. You're right next to him. This swarm of beetles is right beneath the floating bust of Nefertiti. It won't be able to attack this turn, unfortunately. Right, but how close can you summon it? Right, so it appears 30 feet-- Right, but it's not quite close enough to bite. It's about ten feet away. The rest of your movement puts you right there. As a bonus action? That finishes your turn. At the top of the round, as you're all gearing, this bassy, resonant voice fills the chamber you're in. "Mm." "It's rare that the meat carries itself right to your table." You don't see anything around you. That's all it says. At the top of the round, Ruzza, seeing that the scenario is turning and this trap scenario isn't going in their favor, darts away. Darts further down that hall. Shakäste. Not that you can see. There is still that portcullis blocking your path. The Duchess manages to find her way over to the far corner of that hall, perches up to give you a view, and you can see as Ruzza is making her way down the edge and around the corner, vanishing into this next chamber. Oh god, I'm knocking things over. It happens, I'm sorry. It's fine. They'll be okay in the end. There we go. Ending your view there, what are you going to do? You can spend the rest of your turn investigating the room for something like that, if you'd like. Roll an investigation check. You don't see anything in the chamber. The only thing that you did notice was the switch at the end of the hallway that Ruzza had originally put down to send the portcullises falling. You saw them drop the portcullises, yeah. No, it's a small lever that goes downward and causes them to be released, to slam down. For a tiny bird, yeah. You have an action, if you wanted to try something else. Have Nefertiti roll an attack against the wall. As the bust slams into the bars, the metal rings from the impact, but unfortunately the mild bulging of the metal on this side isn't enough to cause any damage. Does that finish your turn? All right, that brings it to Nott, with Caleb on deck. As it does so, you hear (clicking) and the portcullis begins to raise up. [cheering] No, Protto is ducked around the corner. They both disappeared around the corner, from your perspective. Well, swarm of beetles, yes. Only one way to find out. As you dart and vault over the beetles, they seem to not pay you any mind or really care of your presence, but nevertheless, you dodge the shit out of them! They never had a chance! As you turn around the corner, immediately, maybe ten feet from you, is Protto, who's currently pulling another arrow out of his bow and turning around the corner, glancing over. "Ah, shit!" Your movement got you right around that corner. That's going to be the end of it there. Caleb, you're up. That's as far as you can get on 30 feet of movement. You can use your action to dash if you want. What's the movement of the spider again? All right, so Frumpkin moves 20 feet along the ceiling on the edge, making his way further down, not full enough to reveal the next chamber, but is there nevertheless. Okay, that finishes Caleb's go. Protto's up. Protto runs and disappears into the next chamber. You hear a door open. That's all. That finishes. Beau, your turn. This is absurd. At the moment, this is more of a chase sequence, as you guys are going after them. In this order, as we progress, next up in the order would be Caduceus. Caduceus, what are you doing? You don't quite get that far. The invisibility lasts until the end of your next turn? The invisibility that you get? All righty. As Frumpkin creeps around the corner, the last thing that Frumpkin sees in this area is another cage that is closed and locked, and another humanoid figure that is slumped inside, gagged and bound, chains, manacles behind the back, and similar to the other captives being held. There is a doorway that one of the higher guards is closing behind him, and for a brief glimpse, you see Protto and Ruzza further in the chamber with a torch light source within the next room before the door closes. Are the rest of you moving in further to the next chamber? Make an investigation check. As you turn around the corner, you can see the beetles swarm and Frumpkin both making their way towards the bottom of the door as the rest of your friends are coming along. You look down and the generally pretty rough-hewn stone flooring that most of these lower chambers entail, the step right in front of the closed door behind them seems to have a grooved pattern in it that is mostly filled with dust and dirt. [cheering] Go ahead and attempt to do so. It's plus your dexterity modifier and your proficiency modifier. You manage to get the Mage Hand beneath, and at a quick glance, you can see this is not a mechanical contraption more than it's an enchantment on the piece of stone itself. What you do is the Mage Hand runs itself around the outskirts of it, pulling up the dust and dirt that has settled in to have it blend in with the rest of the stone, curling beneath, and pops it up, and causes it to fold up a bit, lift out the stone tablet, and drift it off to the side and set it down. The trap is still armed, but that part of the floor has now been moved out of the way. You're sending Frumpkin into the next chamber? There is a slight gap. Roll a stealth check for Frumpkin this time. No. He's a spider. Frumpkin curls beneath the door frame, revealing this other hired guard that was back further in the chamber. Protto and Ruzza, they've lifted another barred trap door that guards another set of stairs that goes deeper below into another chamber. They're stepping further down into this next bit, at which point Protto looks over his shoulder and goes, "Hurry!" (arrow firing) No, he gets an attack before you can pull him back. That's a 16 plus six; that's a 24. That is 11 points of piercing damage. A rapid-fired arrow about that long, I'd say, against a spider would look terrible if it wasn't a fey entity that dissipates into dust as it blinks back into its home dimension. How long does your beetle swarm last? Okay. It probably only has a few more, maybe ten, 15 more seconds before it fades. You guys could've followed and got to the next chamber behind them, if you want. You may. You may. She's tried, though. As Nefertiti floats in behind Shakäste as you're stepping inside, the spell begins to blink out, running its course. You see now, there is the unconscious humanoid-- The unconscious humanoid figure in the cage before you, and the closed door where they all vanished behind, and you hear (clanging) Sounds like some sort of metal object or slab has fallen solid onto flat ground. You checked for traps right there, and there was a trap on the floor right in front of that doorway. You disabled it, moved it out of the way, and now you guys are looking at the door. You didn't check the door, you checked the room for traps, and that was the trap you saw. The door does not appear to be trapped. It is locked, however, from the other side. It is made of wood. It has some metal framing to it, but it's wooden primarily. Yeah. You walk up to it, and there are the two people, the small child and the dwarf, in the previous chamber where you were locked, and in the chamber you just discovered there appears to be an older gentleman in his maybe late fifties, early sixties or so. Looks pretty bruised up; one eye is swollen shut, the other looks pretty bloodied as well. He's chained from behind and has the gag in his mouth, as well. Yeah. You go ahead and pull it free-- "(gasping, panting) Who are you?" "They hurt." You can see he looks weak. He probably hasn't eaten well in a number of days. As part of the process of mentally conditioning those they capture, it's minimal sustenance and a lot of mental and psychological damage, as well as physical torture to go along with it. You've seen and endured some of it, but looks like some of these other figures have gone through more of it. Well, his hands are bound. He looks at you with his one semi-good eye, and, "What-- What are-- What are you-- Why?" Make an intimidation check. He looks at you-- "(sobbing)" "(sobbing) Aah," and just sadly eats the berry. "Okay, it's not too bad." "Açaí." "Jusca." "I'm just a farmer, I don't know why they took me." He pulls against the constraints from behind. "Can you get me out? Can you get me out, please?" All right, make an attack roll. Door, yeah. Make an attack roll for the door. Yeah, no; that hits. Go ahead, roll damage. All right, go ahead and roll dexterity. 14? It takes you a little bit, but you do manage to get the manacles off the back of his body. You rolled a? An eight. As you come down with your battleaxe, you all hear the resounding (crash) as it slams into the wood, splintering and breaking it a bit. You can see a brief gap where you've managed to get two of the wooden boards to separate and start to splinter. You're starting to go full Shining on this door. With that impact, over the next moment, with repeated hits, you definitely can see your ability to cut through this. Yeah. As that's happening, the bindings are now freed, and Jusca brings his wrists up and rubs them. You can see where the strain has caused red, bloodied lines across from the tension where he's pulled against the restraints. Sallow, this long-bearded chin out of neglect. He looks up with a faint glimmer of hope and a smile to the rest of you, and says "Oh, tha-- thank you." Still in the cage, yes. Yeah. Go for it. Roll a d20. Plus your dex bonus, and your proficiency bonus. It'd be plus... six, I think? 17.It's going to take you a bit. You're starting to get through it, but these cages are designed to be hard to pick. You take the better part of a minute to do so. In the meantime, you-- In theory, your axe goes wide, and as opposed to hitting the actual wood manages to catch a heavy part of the metal reinforcement on the door frame. As it hits, that heavy impact sends reverberations through your arm and body, like the worst-- Tennis elbow you've ever felt. At that minute, a voice, familiar, creeps in again in the space around you. "What are you planning to accomplish? You've killed a few bottom-barrel "goons, but you're in my domain now. I had first planned to make you into premium contraband when "finished. However, I may just keep you all as my own personal pets." Make a wisdom saving throw. Make a wisdom saving throw, please. 15? Okay. In the moment, the sense of intimidation that your previous employer, Lorenzo, had held over you, and all the memories of what transpired on the Glory Run Road not but a day before goes running through your mind, and you feel that cold sense of fear, that urge to run creep up once more. And you close your eyes tightly and shrug it off. For the first time in the face of this-- [cheering] With your second swipe, you bring both your battleaxe and your warhammer together in one giant swing, both splintering the wood, and the force of the hammer splintering and breaking the two main heavy wooden boards that hold the majority of the right side of the door by where the hinges hold it on. As you break through, the door breaks on the top side, and then swings open, the apparatus which keeps it there, wedged in that door, broken partway and now rendered pretty much useless. The chamber in front of you is now left open for you all to see where the three members, both Protto, Ruzza, and the third thug have vanished from the chamber. You see a table on the far end and a brazier burning with a low flame, and then the stairway below has a set of bars, like another trap door that is a gate that seems to have closed and locked behind them. All right. At this point, Shakäste, you do manage to finally get the final tumbler of this one lock to-- (tumblers clicking, creaking) It opens up, and with that the older gentleman steps out, takes one step towards you, and half-collapses into your arms. He's drained of energy. (thump) He rights himself. He's not unconscious, he just kind of stumbles and then gets back up and leans against the wall, breathing heavily. He looks at you for about ten seconds, blinking the one eye he can blink-- "I-- I make radishes grow." [laughter] "Okay." "Sorry. I haven't noticed. I'm sorry. I try not to make eye contact. They don't like it when I do." He looks to you, first kind of still taken aback by the goblin face, and the sharpened teeth, and the yellow eyes staring back. But he calms himself. "Uh, I think those were the new projects "he took below." Make an arcana check. All right, so Beau. As you approach the gate and go to look towards it, the brazier flame flickers. You do, just as a gout of flame juts out in your direction-- Well, you realize what it is just as it happens, and you're like "Oh!--" (whoosh) A cone of flame just bursts forward from the brazier in your direction. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, please. You take ten points of fire damage as it just incinerates past you. And you take a step back, and the flame is now super small. Like it just expended a lot of its fire energy. In the brazier it's just this low flicker. And it begins to burn brighter again-- All right, go ahead and make a strength check. This is a straight strength check unfortunately, sorry. Just roll a d20, add your-- 15? (creaking) It begins to bend. You can see now where they've left it to lock behind, it latches when it's dropped. And where the latch has stuck in, it's been locked underneath. It's starting to pull apart. The metal is bending. It's not strong enough to break; it will take another round to do so, but it's starting to give. All right. Yes proximity. So, go ahead and make a strength check. 21. Beau, as you're pulling, your muscles getting sore that the veins bulging in your arms and your neck as you're yanking as hard as you can. Keg joins in with you and both of you-- Ping! The latches break off and it slides open, hitting the back wall, leaving the stairs below open. This warm air is billowing up from beneath, at which point I need both of you to make a dexterity saving throw as the brazier now has regained its flame and then (whoosh) sends forth. Another blast. All right, so you succeed. Beau, unfortunately you do not. So that's going to be 12 points of fire damage to you, Beau. Six points to you. You take half damage though. And you watch as the flame now turns to a small cinder and begins to (rumble) rise once more, regenerating its flame power. There is a stone bowl of some kind that is in a small pedestal that looks decorative on the corner that contains a small ember. But the ember itself seems to be magical, and whenever anybody walks within a certain distance of it, it just sends a gout of flame in their direction. Well first off, you both are in proximity; you have the stairs below, what are you doing? All right, both Beau and Keg vanish down the stairs. Just as the flames (roar) over the direction they were, but it passes overhead without any harm. You've managed to pull out of the range of this brazier. Nott. It's pretty large. And it looks like the stone bowl itself is probably built into the pillar, it would weigh far too much for your Mage Hand to move. Dispel Magic-- Dispel Magic is third level. Dispel Magic is third level. All right, you watch as the flame blinks out and is left dark-- [cheering] So you all continue down the stairs after your friends. (humming) Just stops there. Wings tucked up, long beak, breathing really fast. (panting) So, greater healing potion, so that's 4d4 plus 4. So 14. As you all begin to prepare the continuing descent, the stairs only travel down about 25 or so feet before a low, red-lit chamber, and steps that go on beyond. So you have a view down to where the base is. The Duchess begins to coast down towards that space. That's where we're going to take a break. About 15 minute break. We'll be back here in just a moment, guys. For those who are watching and you want to go ahead and be part of the Wyrmwood giveaway, head over to the Critical Role Twitch channel at twitch.tv/criticalrole, enter the code word GenCon. G-E-N-C-O-N, one word. We'll come back with the winner's name at the end of the break. We'll see you here in 15 minutes. I love it! Oh no, she dropped her drink! All righty. Are we back? We good? All right. We on? All righty, welcome back everyone. Do we have a winner from the giveaway? I think we're back on the stream. I have not been given a winner. All right, we'll get it done in chat. Whoever won, congratulations. You'll find out soon. I think we are. We're on. We're live. [cheering] Any other preparation you guys want to do before you descend the stairs? 2nd-level? The base level? All righty, yeah. So that's five temporary-- sorry, your hit point maximum increases by five for the next eight hours for Beau, Keg, and who else? There you go. So that's five more maximum hit points, and you gain five hit points. Yeah, with that. The Duchess heads down into the chamber, and it opens into a T-shaped chamber facing your direction. The stairs here descend down into this area. The room is low-lit with a red glow emanating from two furnaces, one on each side there with faint red embers and bits of ash that flicker out with small bits of flame. Hovering right there? All right, make a stealth check for your Duchess. Roll a d20, add two. Duchess perches right in the middle of the floor, right there. She's sitting right there. You think Duchess is hidden. What else do you guys do? From looking inside and seeing some of the chamber-- I'll give you a little more of a view of what's inside. There's this unnatural heat that fills the interior of this chamber. The air smells of coal and burnt flesh. Hopefully not, proportionally. That'd be a little sad. You can see a number of metal brands hanging against some of the walls, where they are carried over to these furnaces to be heated as torture implements. Further into the central chamber you see a table. You see, in the middle of this rounded chamber, flanked by empty chairs, this stained, stretch leather-topped table, leather draping over on each side almost to the floor. You see heavy chains dangling at the front and the back of it, as this is probably a location where individuals are strapped to and tortured. Two sets of prison barred doors flank the opposite ends that seem to have larger containment chambers beyond there. They look to be heavy and very locked and barred. What would you like to do? Okay, Duchess heads back up. This currently looks to be the only continued path downward, yes. Individual. All right, you watch as this quiet, soundless image of Keg-- You're making the clanging sound. Make a performance check. Her. You angle yourself at the top of the stairway to make sure that the sound of your armor shaking-- At least disseminates into the air as much as possible. The image can only walk 15 feet, because that is the distance of the cube. So the illusion appears near the top-- or near the middle of the stairs-- Descends and steps no more than ten feet out from that and stops. At this moment, you hear (projectiles firing) and you see as a bit of the dangling leather over the table bows slightly. And from the opposite end, something darts across the hallway. One appears to emerge from underneath the table out this way. Another seems to shoot out from this side. A moment passes before two more (projectiles fire). These strange, quick objects moving at a rapid speed, cross by. Another one hits the bottom of the stairs and clangs to a rest. This one you can actually see it. It appears to be a rather long, solid crossbow bolt. Not up in the stairway, you'd have to descend into the actual chamber to see. (impact, sizzling noises) (explosion) What are you doing? SAM and All right. Nott runs down the stairs. Who's after Nott? Are you stopping where Nott is? You can move a little further or elsewhere, wherever you want to go. Over here? Sure. Who else is going where? Keg you go ahead to the opposite wall? Yeah, you can get to just about there. About there? That will give you the basic idea. Shakäste? All right, so the Grand Duchess is currently residing, we'll say, over here by Keg. That will represent he Grand Duchess's current position. I mean, you're staying back up in the stairway. You're staying up behind Caleb, up in the hallway? All right, so your vision, with the Duchess you can see beyond that but you do not have-- The ability to actually hit something unless you move down below. Just a heads-up. All right. Caduceus? All right. (counting) At this moment, make a perception check, Nott. Yep, as you came down the bottom of the stairs. You look down and see the empty chamber. No movement. Beauregard, you were looking around the corner. Make a perception check. Keg, you make a perception check as well, since you're both at the wall. Keg, as you hit the wall and glance around the side, you can see a humanoid shape ducked into the shadows underneath the table in the center, who has pulled a heavy crossbow from underneath the leather and aiming it at Nott, which does attempt to shoot. That is a 17 to hit. What's your armor class? It hits. For that, Nott, you take eight points of piercing damage as a bolt hits right towards the kneecap and actually sticks out the side, you almost falling to one edge. There you go. Reduce that to four. Caduceus, as you walked around the corner, you turn around to see and come face to face with Ruzza, who is back up against the corner, and looks towards you and goes, "What the fuck?!" No, now we roll initiative. Unveiling. This guy's down there. Oh god, Caleb fell. Let's go ahead and do this, guys. You guys got a little cluster at the top of the stairs, goddamn it. Yes. All of you guys. We have 25 to 20. 20 to 15. We have Beau. Than we have Caleb and Keg going at the same time. 15 to ten? No? All righty. Ten to five? What did you get, Shakäste? Ohh. All righty. Oh man! First, with a natural 20 on initiative order, is Protto. What at first you thought was the thug's placement over there, turns out to be Protto, who immediately throws the table up and in front, using it as a block and as cover, and then aims over again with the heavy crossbow, firing once again at Nott. That's a 23 to hit. It's only four piercing damage, however. Really shitty damage roll. Yeah, we're going back to the next combat round. You technically have not gotten your reaction yet. So no. Well, that finishes Protto's turn. Nott, you're up. Yeah, Protto is currently now behind the table and using it as cover. No, you cannot. It was only a matter of time. As you rush up and glance over you can see Protto, back against the table-- Pulling and stretching a bolt and goes "Huh?!" No. He instinctually slaps his hand up and it knocks your arm and it causes the shot to go firing off into the distance. All right, go for it. That'll hit, that'll hit. Ten points of damage. This one sinks deep into the left pectoral muscle of Protto, piercing through the armor and then gets stuck. You hear this expiring bit of air from the throat and he seems like he's now having a hard time breathing. He's hurt, he's not at death's door but he's looking pretty hurt. All righty, Nott-- That ends your turn. Beau, you're up. You do, you see the other thug immediately around that corner, who is also firing from that side across the way. 18 points of damage to him, nice. All righty. So with a heavy clock to the side he gets thrown back into a torch that is in the wall. That catches flame a little bit on his shoulder and he brushes it out. He is looking both distracted and pretty hurt. Go for it, second strike. 14, does hit! Actually, because he is just a lowly guy. He is not as well armored as his compatriots. So... Six damage. Whack to the throat! (gasping) He's now having a hard time inhaling. He's still standing but-- 12 does not hit, unfortunately. You go to hit a third time and he's a little wiser and manages to push off. It's a sloppy parry but he manages to avoid most of the brunt of the blow and pulls back. That end your turn? All right. That brings us to Caleb and Keg. You guys can choose who goes first. You can get all the way over here. All right. Protto? (counting) You kick a chair to get there, but you can get right up against him. You swing with the battleaxe and it actually gets wedged into the table. You have to put your foot on to manage to free it from the wood. 19 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Seven points of damage to Protto. With the warhammer, whack! to the side of his head, he's pushed up against the side of the now partially-splintered table, but he is still keeping his cool about him. He's hurt, but hanging in there. With your bonus action you can, yeah! You're a dual wielder! You got this girl! Does not. It just misses, unfortunately. Protto manages to just duck out of the way as your hammer slams into the bottom side of the table where he has been using to break for cover. And it causes this huge open hole, this gap, almost like a porthole in the top of the table where you can see through. As you manage to pull back your hammer he kind of looks up through it right at Nott. "Aah!" That finish your turn Keg? All righty. You now hear once again, a familiar voice. Crawls from the space that says... "Do not kill them. They have not earned the mercy I give to their kaleidoscopic friends. Let "them bleed, and bring them in chains. Oh, the horrors you'll see." And for Lorenzo's turn... [jeering] Beau, you hear this momentary vibration of metal cutting through the air, before-- That is going to be a 20 to hit. That is 17 points of slashing damage. And 16 to hit. So the first one strikes from behind. The pain shoots into your head and the second swing is a backhanded, wide throw with this glave, now seemingly more jagged and almost larger than the one you saw before. You manage to duck out of the way and spin around, and there, hovering in the air about ten feet off the ground, you see what seems to be the essence of Lorenzo, but larger. You see in that same kind of thickened leather-studded bits of armor and bracers, a bulging, muscular, blue-skinned body. Where once was a bulging bald head with tattoo, two horns emerge from the front. Bits of a blackened beard on once was a hairless, humanoid form, now curling down the front of the chest and back of the head, one central plume behind. You see there before you what is Lorenzo, or at least, his true form. SAM AND And as you look up into the burning red eyes of this strange ogreish-like demon creature, which you do not recognize, all you hear is the chuckle. (malicious chuckle) As he flies back, further into the chamber, about 15 feet up, his back to the ceiling of the interior, that's going to end Lorenzo's turn. It is now Ruzza's turn. Ruzza, who saw you first run over there, Caduceus, is going attempt to cast Confusion on you. So I need you, Caduceus, to make a wisdom saving throw. As you watch Ruzza begin to slightly hum this incantation there is a musical element that is discordant and awful that seems to pierce through your ears and into your brain. For a second your vision blurs, the colors fade to gray. Up is down, the world makes no sense, and as you clasp your eyes tight once more, you manage to shrug off the magical effect. You look back at Ruzza who notices that the spell has faded and goes, "Oh, shit!" And Ruzza is going to run the other direction to try and get away from you. That's going to end Ruzza's turn. That brings us now to the other thug. The one that is up against you. You know. That thug is going to-- Is going to attempt to move away from you. So take your attack of opportunity. 16 will hit, go ahead and roll damage. [cheering] No. He is not moving, and he is unconscious. [cheering] All right, is that a constitution saving throw? Natural 18 plus two, that's a 20. Unfortunately, no effect. You're trading spells, both of you manage to shrug each other off. It's this massive duel of wits and willpower. Do you wish to move, as well? AUDIENCE Shakäste. Your turn. You do. Right at the bottom of the stairs. As the form of this Egyptian-- This incredible ancient Egyptian woman from a world far from here apparates on the other side of Ruzza, go ahead and make your attack roll with a d20. AUDIENCE Got to get that (engine revving). 11 is not going to hit. That's all right. You still have your action if you wanted to-- All right. The Duchess swings over and takes a look. It looks like this side of the chamber is empty. There's nobody else waiting in the wings. Well, you have your action still. And your movement, yeah. Right, so you can move over that way. Ruzza does make a swing back with the sword towards you as you move out of her melee range. That's going to be a 14. What's your armor class? (whoosh) It does not actually hit you, though. You do manage to move away from the strike, no issue, and you still have your action if you wanted to use anything else, like a cantrip. Sacred Flame, that is a natural 18 plus three on the-- so it does not hit, unfortunately. Guys, keep trading blows and dodging and keeping it going. Shakäste, that ends your turn. Back to the top of the round. It is Protto's turn. Protto is going to go ahead and drop the crossbow and pull out two shortswords. He's going to spin and dodge very quickly, quicker than you expected, around you Keg, still staying in melee range. Does not leave your range, so does not provoke. He stays close enough, but whips around and is going to go ahead and make a strike with each blade towards you. That is going to be a 12. It just clangs off your armor, no issue. The second strike is going to be a 14. Then, as a-- no, he's just going to leave that there. That's going to end Protto's turn. Nott, you're up. No, you are not. Next to Keg? Go for it. 12 does not hit, unfortunately. It goes wide. Scrapes against the stone in the ceiling, and ricochets into oblivion. You have quite a bit more movement, but you'll be coming into melee range with Ruzza. But Ruzza cannot make an attack of opportunity against you because she already took one, so you can keep moving. Go for it. That'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage with sneak attack. No, sneak attack! Yeah, because Protto's still next to Keg. Protto's looking pretty hurt as he takes it right in the abdomen (grunts), and his eyes are going wide and (grunting) keeps looking up, "Boss!" You get right next to Shakäste, and you're now right up against the wall, kind of between the wall and Shakäste. That ends your turn. That brings us to Beau. Over there, next to Keg. Yeah, right on the opposite side. As you vault over, pushing that way, the floating entity that is Lorenzo, who's coasting about 15 feet above you, and his wide form, having a ten-foot range with that glaive-- you just leave his combat range and he takes a swing of opportunity towards you. That is going to be a seven plus eight, that is a 15 to hit. You swing towards Protto, Protto ducks out of the way, and your fist instead hits the edge of Keg's armor. Your hand goes back like that-- That does hit, roll damage. Nine points of damage against him. MARISHA, MATT, and Down on the back of the head, and you can see blood spatter out of the nose and mouth across the stone. Looks back at you, like (grunting); still standing. All right. How many ki points do you have left now? All righty. Yeah, so it's the d6. All right; damage on the next one. The first hit clocks the side of Protto's face this weird, scraggly halfling goatee matted with his own blood. His blade still out, he looks up at you, grits his teeth and is the middle of saying, "I'm going to gut you--" (fist impact), and is out cold on the ground. That your turn? Okay. And with that, that brings us to Caleb and Keg. There? All right. [cheering] 19? All of them burst across the muscular, but somewhat still rotund, like a barrel of muscle and blue rhinoceros hide. You see the flames leave these darkened, blackened spots on his exposed belly from the center of this leather armor strapped like a harness around his torso. He just looks at you, "Glad you could join us." Keg, you're up. He's currently ten feet above you against the ceiling. You could try off of the table for a strike, if you'd like. All right, go ahead and make an athletics check. You go and put your foot up onto the edge of the splintered wood that is still damaged from the impacts you had earlier, and as you go to leap, the wood gives out from under you and the table collapses, so you're unable to quite get in range with him at the moment. All right. AUDIENCE There you go. There's Ruzza right there, you manage to get into contact. That'll hit. Nice. Hmm? That was more part of your movement, so-- Two more times, yeah. 19 hits. 12 does not hit. Oh, 12 points of damage! There you go. Oof, all right. That hits, yeah. Go ahead and roll damage again. All right, got it. Ruzza's taken a few hits and you're now starting to see blood streaks across the face from where the heavy flat side of your warhammer has smashed into her jaw. Some of the teeth seem to be cracked, and you see her spit one out onto the stone. "All right, I see your "game again, Keg." That ends your turn? All right, it is now Lorenzo's turn. All right. And with that, after the scorching strikes that were against him, Lorenzo's going to coast through the air, arms out at the side wielding the giant, jagged glaive, grinning, smiling towards Caleb. (malicious laugh) And is going to arc down just enough to catch you on the outside of the glaive's range. Two strikes against you. The first one is going to be a 14 to hit? That is going to be 14 points of slashing damage. The next is going to be a 15 to hit. That is 15 points of slashing damage. And with that, he's going to go ahead and shift further-- Back, just keeping an eye. Keeping his options open, making sure he's not too far from anybody. That's going to go ahead and end Lorenzo's turn, it's now Ruzza's turn. Ruzza is going to expend a level three Hold Person-- Against Keg. And against Beau, who are the two that are currently most visible and bludgeoning her allies. I need you both to make wisdom saving throws. This is a unique setup for the live show, so thank you for being patient. Exactly. You manage to shrug off the effect. You feel it encasing your brain, your body begins to tighten for a second before you manage to have it have no effect. However, behind you over there, Beau's body seizes and freezes up. Ruzza's going to, as a bonus action, look up and say "All right, Lorenzo! I think it's time you "really, er, really show them what you've got, buddy!" She's going to give a d8 inspiration die to Lorenzo. Ending Ruzza's turn; Caduceus, you're up. I like weird. You are. All right, I believe that's a wisdom saving throw for Ruzza? It's a 14 plus two, so 16. What's your DC? So that's half damage from the Spirit Guardians. How much total? So four. Four points to Ruzza. She's at half speed. Got it. Cool. Spirit Guardians is up. That's your action? I don't think you have much in the way of bonus actions. You can, yes. You cannot, because you've already cast a level one spell. Only a cantrip. That ends your turn? Shakäste. You're up. So what is the Command word on that one? Well you've got Halt, which means they don't move and take no actions. Okay, is that what you're doing? It's a natural 15 plus one; it's a 16. What's your DC? Resists the command. I'm sorry! You still have your Nefertiti. Go for it. Make the attack roll. Yeah, that's not going to hit. Nefertiti's still trying to apparate! She hasn't quite taken her full form yet. The spiritual energy hasn't coalesced enough to have an impact, but she's on her way. Would you like to move? All right, so that ends Shakäste's turn. Top of the round Nott. Currently Keg is, yes. 16 hits, yeah. [cheering] She has to make a constitution saving throw to see if she can maintain. That was almost a 16, but turned into a three. So the Hold Person wore off. [cheering] Yes, though hurt very badly. That does hit, yes. Seven points of damage? All righty. Ruzza takes the next bolt-- the first one strikes right in the sternum area and sinks in rather deep. Instinctively, she reaches up and grabs it, (grunt of pain), looks over in the direction where it came from, and at that moment, the second crossbow bolt goes right into the throat. She opens her mouth, trying to make a sound, and instead nothing but blood pours out of the corner. You'll back up a little bit, you said? Over by Shakäste? Or all the way to the furnace? There you go. That ends your turn; that brings us to Beau. Yeah, sure. You manage to-- That is your action. Because you have to grab it, and it's a whole motion to get it up there. Patient Defense, good. All righty. Caleb and Keg. You have ten more feet, you can go in either direction. You have two more spaces. You can go near Caduceus-- Roll for the attack. All righty. That does hit, exactly. (cheering) Flames burst across, you see the leather cracks in one part of the harness. He just grins back at you. That ends your turn. Keg? Possibly, yeah. You give a little jump as you swing; he's just in reach with the table's help. 18 hits. Six points of damage, nice. Aw. But you still get one swing that cuts through and carves through part of the outer leg and calf of Lorenzo. The leg gets pushed back a bit from the impact as he's floating. His large, almost-corpulent form, though of solid muscle, just sitting there, enduring it. His face focus comes from where Caleb was back towards you and says, "Well, glad you could join the party, Keg." That ends your turn? That makes it Lorenzo's turn. No. You've got to jump to hit him, but he's not within your melee range when you're standing. [groaning] Spirit Guardian still slows his movement, I believe. Does it say walking speed, or just walking. Has to make a wisdom save, which is a 12 plus four, 16. So take half damage, roll for damage. He still takes damage. You also watch, as Lorenzo coasts through the air, some of the wounds that he suffered seem to be slowly sealing up. Nothing more than just terrible radiant damage. It blasts him, and as he pulls into the area, he goes, "Ooh. That's not going to do," and vanishes. Caduceus, it's your turn. I don't know, do you want to go see? That's your movement can get you that close. You can use your action to make a perception check if you want to glare through. There? Make a perception check with disadvantage because there is no light source inside that chamber, and you do not have darkvision, which I remembered. Make your roll. 15. Looking through, it's hard to see, but you can make out a few shapes; they look to be humanoid figures that are still gagged and chained on the far-back side of the interior there. Yeah. You're peering in very closely to try and make out the details of an area with no light source in the middle of combat. Okay. You should really get that checked out, Sam. All right, finishing Caduceus's turn. Shakäste, you're up. Whereabouts do you want to go? That's about as far as you can get with your movement. Right over here? Make a perception check for the Duchess with a disadvantage. Actually, no. We decided that the Duchess design had darkvision, so just a straight roll. Whatever you rolled. It's hard to make out anything in there. There is a chamber in there, but there's not enough light to make out the details of it, unfortunately. Does that finish your turn? You can move your Nefertiti, if you'd like. [laughter] There is a candelabra that has low light over there that is giving a faint glow and there are two torches in the sides here that are also giving off this low red-orange-- Nothing in the room, no. As you do so, the flames flare up, and the long shadows stretch from beyond the bars into the chamber and you can see an unconscious figure on the far back end that is also in full manacles chained, and gagged-- facing away from you. You can't see any more details than that. Not with using Thaumaturgy as your action, no. That finishes your turn. Back to the top-- Nott, what are you doing? You don't see anybody in there. You could make a perception check if you want to use that as your action. It's up to you. Maybe? Roll a high stealth check, maybe. We'll see. Good to know. Okay, good to know. What are you holding? You got it. Beau. You got it. Caleb, Keg. Yeah, we're keeping that rule for our game. Absolved of all dam-- no. Roll for an attack with disadvantage. It just burst into stone. Keg. It's possible. So you use your action to make a perception check. You just, looking over your shoulder, see some sort of shift across the stone, like the pattern just moves and quakes ever so faintly unnaturally against what would be the rather still though warm air. No, in the back of the chamber right here. That's your action. Well it was your action to try and perceive where this-- You can't take a bonus action attack unless you've used your attack action before it, unfortunately. You can go there if you want. Or there. Okay. That finishes your turn. As Keg walks over saying, pointing that direction telling the group. What do you tell them? As Keg walks forward pointing in that direction, a familiar voice rings out right before you and says, "Oh little girl, you're making crafting this nightmare too easy." With that, there's this curl of blueish arcane energy right before you. Your hair begins to blow back from the force as a cold temperature begins to gather directly ahead. With that, in a brief instant Lorenzo appears before you in his large demonic form and unleashes-- A Cone of Cold. You do, it happens simultaneously. Go ahead and make your attacks. Well you only make one attack-- no two attacks. I've allowed that house rule. Held attacks get the extra attack feature, so go for it. So both hit. Nice. They're throwing stars, yeah. Sorry. A total of 12 damage from those two strikes. Nott you also got one as well. With a what? Okay, yeah no. Okay, I need Caduceus, Beau, Shakäste, and Keg to all roll constitution saving throws, please. What was that? 13? You just succeed. ASHLY, LIAM, 14. Nice. Beau and Shakäste, you each suffer 44 points of cold damage. Nefertiti vanishes. That's 22 points of cold damage to both Keg and Caduceus. You see the body of the thug you had killed earlier, the body of Ruzza, and the body of Protto. Frozen statues, corpses on the ground turned to sheer flash-frozen ice. There, on the ground covered and encased in pieces of frozen air and moisture from the vicinity, the unconscious and dying bodies of Beauregard and Shakäste. Lorenzo, glancing back down at Keg, who manages to shrug most of this off, says, "Don't worry. You're all next." And begins to back away. You do get an attack of opportunity. That hits. Seven damage. All righty. With that, it goes to Caduceus' turn. Spare the Dying is an action. Oh! Because-- that's right. [cheering] Cure Wounds is the first level. You can. At what level? What level did you cast it at? So it's 2d8-- So 16 plus five-- yeah, that's-- Jesus, 21. 21 hit points! Ending Caduceus' turn. Shakäste, you are stable. You can still move if you want. There? There you go. Caduceus' turn's up. Shakäste, you don't have to make any death saving throws because Spare the Dying, so you're fine, but that's your turn. To the top of the round, Nott, you're up. 18 hits. Roll damage. There goes Nott. That brings us to Beau! What are you doing? You come to consciousness. You're prone. You have to use half your movement to get up. (counting) You are ten feet from Lorenzo. Roll damage. I'm going to use my little Shapeways dice for this one. That's a plus six constitution modifier on this one, but it rolled a natural four. [cheering] Yeah, that hits. If anyone wants to physically attack him. Yeah, in melee. Or actually, for stunned, attack rolls have advantage, yeah. That's my fault for not having him fly to the ceiling last turn. Caleb and Keg? Any higher up the stairs and you won't be able to see him. You have advantage on the attack roll. 16? That hits, that just hits. Sorry, I was doing math in my head. 14 does not hit. Unable to penetrate the hide with that third strike. It hits the outside of the muscular blubber on his giant torso and it shimmies and shakes and then tightens. All right, that ends your turn? All right, it is now Lorenzo's turn. Lorenzo shrugs off the stun at the end, but can do nothing else on his turn, and is still locked. As soon as he gets his ability to speak back, goes, "Oh, y'all being tricksy. I like it." That's going to bring us to Caduceus. You do, yes. No, because it's not your healing spell. (nasally voice) It's worth an inquiry. Most definitely! You could push it. The table is righted now, so it's an empty space. Okay. I'll give you some cover on that. Finishing Caduceus' turn, Shakäste, you are conscious now. What's the range? 60? You can see everybody but Caleb. You can heal everybody but Caleb, because he went way up the stairs. You don't even know where he is. You came to consciousness and Caleb's gone. 1d4 plus your wisdom modifier, which is four. So roll a d4. How much? Everyone but Caleb heals seven hit points. Are you going to stay put, Shakäste? Or are you going to move somewhere? No, you lost her, unfortunately. That's all right. You can still move if you want to; it's up to you. All righty. That ends your go. Top of the round Nott, you're up first. He is engaged with both Beau and Keg. That hits! That bolt impacts and now that you guys are close enough, both Keg and Beau as the bolt hits, the wear and tear in Lorenzo's form is really starting to show. Wounds are-- they're still closing with each round that comes back to his go, but the wounds' closing seems to be slowing, or at least the wounds are getting more and more deep and dangerous. He's looking quite haggard and wounded. Beau, you're up. Go for it. Yeah that hits, roll damage. 16 just hits. Nice. He's looking real hurt. Keg? You go to swing, now being wounded and looking-- a glare of desperation in the burning red eyes of Lorenzo. You swing and he grabs the hilt of your weapon as it swings downward, and holds it aloft and in your face and goes, "Try it." No. The other hand grabs the other weapon, and you're just locked in that moment now. That'll hit, roll damage. All righty. [groaning] You wish you had saved it. She used it last session and they didn't take a short rest. Sorry, guys. Caleb. 14 does not hit. Roll damage. 11 points of damage. MARISHA and (quietly) Fuck. How do you want to do this? [cheering] You watch as Lorenzo, in desperation, begins to take flight. Both you and Beau try and swing for his form, but it doesn't matter at this point. As he attempts to try and make for an exit, the flames curl across the body, leaving ash; dissipating as the outer sides of his form begin to fall away into dust and blackened shale. As both of your weapons and fists swing upward, they hit what feels like rock and scatter it like ash against both sides of the walls. The torso falls and tumbles to the ground, one arm still dragging Lorenzo towards the stairs in this last minute bit of desperation before it tumbles onto its back, the flame curling and burning away the rest of his face and jaw. The hand left there limp before that, eventually, is taken too, leaving nothing but charred charcoal behind. [cheering] One tactical fuck up on his part and that stunning strike turned that completely around. [cheering] Go ahead and make an arcana check. Definitely don't want to make tea from this. There are certain creatures that are, you would assume, distantly related to giant kin. You're used to seeing the ogre-ish, mighty beasts. This was something entirely different. You've heard terms thrown around, like "ogre mage," but this is commonly referred to in children's nursery rhymes-- the kind that are meant to scare kids from going out at night-- as an oni. You glance inside that additional chamber and you can now see, within that chamber, there is a singular figure on the opposite side of the wall, chained up. Your eyes adjust and you pull the candelabra close and you can see the familiar dark gray leather and white hair of a chained and unconscious Yasha on the far end. [cheering] Go ahead and make a check. Do you have thieves' tools? You take a while with it before you realize this particular type of metal seems to be made to endure such spells. That little boost of confidence was just enough for you to find every tumbler within one quick attempt, and with a swift (click and creak) it hangs open to the inside. There you see three figures. You see one that appears to be an older woman, chained and gagged. This is a familiar pattern with all of these. You can see they've dealt with magic users and people who have special abilities in the past, so as a precaution they do this to every prisoner they can. There you see on the ground as well a familiar blue-haired, horned ally as well as a taller, more rugged half-orc friend. [cheering] Thank you for reminding me. Okay. They're all unconscious, yeah. At this point you can see, coming down the stairs behind you, Caleb, the older fellow that you had saved earlier with the swollen eye. Behind him, the dwarf and the child. He seems to have been able to free them from the cage, and they come down and say, "Is it over? Is it safe?" (buzzing) onto your shoulder. One is open, the other is still closed. Yeah, that'll do it. It opens up, and on the inside of the chamber there is just Yasha. Gathering up the rest of those who were captured by the Iron Shepherds, Shakäste shepherds them off to their proper locations, free and far from the confines, outside of the Dwendalian Empire. The rest of you, with your friends in tow, make your way back towards Shadycreek Run and to the rest of the morning light, which now begins to slowly curl over the distant mountains. A long evening, exhausted and tired. You look forward to enjoying comfort, alcohol, and whatever else transpired thereafter. All right. Well then, we're going to finish tonight's episode there. [cheering] Thank you all so very much for coming and for watching. Man, he was supposed to get away. [laughter] There aren't words to describe how much this crazy phenomenon of family means to us, and thank you for your support, your engagement, your support and engagement of each other. This is a testament to a new era in storytelling that we all get to share in. [cheering] Pretty much came straight here from being in the UK this past weekend, so he was barely home and then flew back out to be here with us. Hiding the whole day so nobody would see him, so he could make the surprise drop. Thank you so much. Ashly, thank you for coming along with us for this crazy journey. [cheering]