Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) At careers.com is where you can go to the Careers tab. I feel like Kendrick Lamar should've won at least two of those, but... Thank you, Sam. Thank you, D&D Beyond. You can find them on DNDbeyond.com. That's DNDbeyond.com. Next up, based on tonight's episode, we'll have next Tuesday, at 700PM Pacific Time, here on Twitch and Alpha, Talks Machina, where members of the cast will come, with our fantastic Brian W. Foster, to discuss what transpires tonight. You get to ask questions and submit them, so do so. Asinine Wisdom, next week on Geek & Sundry Twitch, has a special guest. I believe our very own Sam Riegel will be there. Asinine Wisdom. It's at 900PM on Tuesday, Pacific Time, after Talks Machina. A double-dose of Sam Riegel, which is a lot. We have a new show coming up here, featuring the Weave RPG, from The Monocle Society, called Weave. That'll be showing next Wednesday night at 930 Pacific Standard Time, here on the Twitch Channel. Check it out then. It has a great cast of Amy Dallen, Gina DeVivo, Whitney Moore, Becca Scott, and Stef Woodward, so check it out! I hope you like it. Weave is really awesome. I'm really excited to see that. The podcast of episode three last week released today, so if you missed the last episode, or have friends who have been trying to keep up with the podcast, last week's episode is available for download. Once again, we have issue number four of Critical Role Vox Machina Origins. It's available for download digitally, on Comixology, the Dark Horse app, and all other places where fine digital comic books are sold. No! Why would you do that? You know better! It's like watching a video of guys putting their hands in alligator mouths. Like, why would you do that? It's entertaining for us, but why would you do that? Once again, our fantastic charity, 826LA. If you get the opportunity to either give and help out or donate your time to help teach any of their fantastic classes to help children learn creative writing in environments where it's hard to find that type of tutelage. It's a great program. Check it out at your local 826 chapter and see if you can help out. I think that's it. I know. I'll be at Lexington Comic and Toy Con in Lexington, Kentucky. That's March 9th to the 11th. I'll be at Otafest in Calgary, up north, May 18th to the 20th. And A-Kon in Texas, June 7th to the 10th. If you are anywhere near those regions. I've said before, I'm going to take this off the sheet for the future. We've said that a lot now. Hey, it's not my job to update that sheet. Anyway guys, I'll remember this. Super meta funny dumb show. All right. It appears that the dice have been culled. Then let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Thank you for the punctuation. Upon gathering your supplies after a night's rest, you managed to, through the trade of a bottle of wine, get passage across the lake onto the central island, which at one time housed the abode of a witch that had long collapsed. Waiting for nightfall, you approached the center of the grove that existed there on the island and found near this ruin this same fiendish nergaliid, as well as Toya, the 12-year-old dwarf girl who had been affixed to him for the performances in the carnival. You did battle with this large fiendish entity who summoned a cluster of imps and managed to knock a few of you pretty heavily to the ground before you finished it off. We left off as you all were finishing licking your wounds, catching your breath, and now as the moonlit night gets its darkest in the sky, you figure out what the next step is in gathering means of absolving yourselves of suspicion. As you've all now taken a moment to yourselves, you can hear the sound of the nearby crickets getting more and more deafening as the silence crawls over the center of the lake. Toya, the young girl, still lies unconscious. The remains of the devil toad, still partially burnt from the final blow delivered by Fjord, are mostly intact above its shoulders, head, and its legs. What would you like to do? How much of the body? The whole body with all of you could probably fit. It doesn't have the usual-- you could probably fit it. The head it would probably do, but the full body, I'd have to make a few rolls. You already did. No, you do not. It's mostly intact. There are a few gashes on it from the general fray, but for the most part it's still a solid head. Okay. It's a tough form. Not only is the exterior of its flesh blubbery and a heavy rubber-like substance that is glistening with whatever mucus-like liquid it naturally produces, but then beneath it, the muscle sinew is extremely tough. It takes you the better part of 20 minutes to finally get the head entirely off the rest of the torso. It weighs enough to the point where you're going to need one or two other hands to get it anywhere. Toya is passed out. You'd have to try and rouse her. Yes, they turned to ash. Along the brow line there are these small holes that could be breathing holes. You'd have to carry it from there, under the socket, or under the jaw. You approached just after dusk, so between the slow moving in there, the combat, and the rest afterward it's probably close to 1000PM. At this point, Molly, as you're ahead of the group and you're making your way through the trees, Toya begins to stir in your grasp. Her eyes open a bit as you're holding her and she looks up at you, confused, eyes lolling around in the sockets for a moment before they see you and clarify. "Molly?" "What happened?" "Wait, where's Kylre?" She starts trying to fight your grasp. She's going to try and break free of your grasp. Are you going to attempt to hold onto her? While you guys have been doing all this, he's gone on ahead. He's probably a good 40 to 50 feet ahead. Go ahead and roll an athletics check. Yeah, that dice needs to go away. You can choose athletics or acrobatics. No. That still beats her. She rolled a five. All right, wanted to double-check. She's scrambling and as you pull her back she tries to fight for a second and then goes limp in your grasp and goes, "I'm scared." "What happened?" She gets really quiet for a second. You get to the boat and the gentleman earlier that you had passed the wine off to is sitting there waiting. He has a small pouch that's opened with some dried meat that he's chewing on as he's waiting. As you guys walk up, he says "Oh, I see you've finished." LAURA and (shouting) "What in the hell is that?!" He grabs his bag of dried meat, pulls it up, and backs up. "I didn't know-- What is that? What "did you do? What is that?" There's a pause before this tiny screeching sound begins to emit from Toya. This high pitched and barely audible squeak as Toya begins to scream. It's hard to keep her away from that. After Jester throws her cloak over Toya-- She's sobbing into your arms at this point. You feel her body shaking against your grasp. He's recessed to the very back of his boat, wide-eyed as you approach. You've returned to your normal half-orc form. He reaches over, grabs the oar from the side, and lifts the cloak off the face. "It doesn't look like a savory creature." He slowly reaches out and takes it from your hand. "All right. I trust it was a bad thing. So "I'm going to take you back, and then you promise I'll never see you again?" "That includes the goblin." He glances over and takes a closer look. "Let's just get back to shore." He grabs the oar, takes the bottle of wine that he had mostly drunk by himself before, and polishes it off in one series of gulps. As you all gather up onto the ship, he begins to paddle you back towards the western shore of the Ustaloch to the outskirts of Trostenwald. What could people do with the head of a creature like this? Who knows. They could turn it in for-- there's a lot of poor folk here. If they had a large looking odd creature, that's worth some gold. Oh, the-- sorry. Yes, you're talking about-- Yes, Lawmaster Norda. They're not related at all. One of them was, and they have been discovered. With some time, he could be identified. "If there's something you want to ask me, I'm right here." You're all in this boat as it makes its way across the Ustaloch. "Can someone please explain to me what's going on?" "I mean, that's the name I've ever known." "I don't know anything about that. When we did the show the other night, the horrible man--" "Why?" "No. Where's Gustav?" "He was my friend, though." "Gustav put us together for our act and he protected me. I felt safe around him. He didn't "let anybody get too close I didn't want to." "He talked." "Well, we talked about everybody else in the family. We talked about how I missed not having a "family. He didn't talk about himself much, but it was mainly just little games." "No. That was how I got by before I met these guys." Make a persuasion check. As you're talking to her, her eyes keep flickering off of your face and over towards Beau. You watch her curl back into herself and get quiet. "I'm tired." She leans into you, Molly. After a few minutes, she falls asleep against you. "All right, we're here." The boat hits the edge of the dock. He hops off and pulls the rope up. Slowly manages the boat over to the side of the dock, ties it up. There's no boats at the dock that are being manned currently. There are a few boats out on the water that you saw in the distance. There are some night fishermen. There's nobody immediately in the vicinity. "Yes that's fine. Just, please, get out of my boat." "They got in my boat. I-- they--" "No. They took over my boat and forced me to take them to the middle island there." Make a deception check with advantage. He goes, "I want nothing to do with this. Good night." He helps each of you quickly get off the boat. Ties and locks it up and makes a beeline-- Make a strength check. You get it partway up and it begins sliding back into the boat and plops into the boat and goes (bouncing) and you have to catch yourself. It's terrifying. A doily on a couch. Eventually you guys get it up onto the dock. The rest of you guys are doing? We'll get to you in just a second. The rest of you guys make a stealth check, please. Nope. For those of you who are-- That's ten. Okay, before we get to you. As you guys make your way back to the Nestled Nook Inn, you come to the intersection where the alleyway leads you back to where the rope you had originally let down was placed. The rope is still there, in the darkness. As you make your way into the alley a voice goes, "Excuse me." The three of you glance over and you see a crownsguard at the end of the alley that's currently there with his arms crossed. "Can I help you?" He's to the side. You guys are all looking up at the rope now and he's to the right of you. Yes. It's close to midnight at this time. I would like for you to make a-- (laughs) I would like for you to make a deception check, with disadvantage please. As Beau's on the ground frantically searching for a shoe and Nott's there in the darkness, the guard with his arms crossed goes (whistles). He begins to walk and approach you as two more guards close off the other side of the alley and they begin to come up to you guys. Too far. To get across, I would say I'd allow a short rest. Make a sleight of hand check to see if they notice you suddenly casting a spell, or a spell-like effect. Okay, so you Invoke Duplicity. Another version of you appears behind one of three guards. What are you doing? Let's double-check this new ability that I'm getting used to. You create an illusory duplicate of yourself. It is an illusion, it cannot make actually physical contact with anything. Sure. I'll say on the boat across the river, sure. Anyway, you Invoke Duplicity and you appear behind him. Okay. The guard sees something quickly dart into the shadows and continues walking towards you. The guard approaches and goes, "It seems that you have been out and about when you were "supposed to be within the inn." Three more guards have now approached from the front of the building and they approach and begin pulling out manacles and chains and say, "We're going to have to take you to the stockade." You're being locked up right now, as we speak. Oh yeah. Make a deception check. That went into my nose. As you're telling him this, your mask goes (creak). He goes, "Arrest that creature!" You both are put in chains. You're put in chains both arms and legs. They bring you over to the stockade. Mollymauk. I need you to make a stealth check with advantage. You guys slowly make your way through the low grass over towards where the outside of the carnival is. As you approach, you can see there's about five crownsguard that are making rounds around the outside. It looks like where previously they had been keeping watch over the people that were there, since the murder of two of their own, it has heightened the intensity of the watch. It looks like it's fairly well watched. You get the sense, at a distance, that you would have a hard time getting in there. You can try and sneak her in and sneak out, but it seems dangerous. You can try. No, you have no idea. Which I'm going to allow you to do. You stay outside of the outskirts of the torchlight at the very front of the tent and the back of the tent. The fire of the actual encampment has gone out because you don't see any other carnival members. The sisters ran. They fled. You don't see any sign of Desmond or Ornna. Make one more stealth check, for the two of you, with advantage because you still have the ability. You're at the cusp end of it though. You manage to pace yourself, just carefully wait for the right moment, dart out of the grass having her under your arm and she's like, "What? Why? What is going on?" "Okay." You slip her into the tent and back out, none the wiser. Okay. You go back to the inn. You two. You're just waiting? Okay. You make your way to the stockade. As you approach and make your way into the interior, the two crownsguard at the front say, "Hold. What's your business?" "Have you been drinking?" Make an intimidation check. Just keep it in the-- It is indeed. He sits there and glares down at you for a second, your posturing, this filthy, scruffy man in a coat that wandered up out of nowhere covered in a little bit of his own blood. He just looks down at you for a second, "Sorry. She's done for the night." "This whole thing can be solved first thing in the morning. I'll let you sleep it off. Have "some water. Come back when you're feeling a little more yourself." At this point, you hear a voice on the inside, just like, "Good night, good night" and a cloaked figure exits the front doorway, roughly about four and a half foot tall. Norda is off the clock and is currently leaving for the evening to return to her home. There's Norda and then Yorda because I like to make it as confusing as possible. It's funny. When you spell things on paper, they seem so much different and when you say them out loud they're like, "Ah, they're very similar." The figure stops and turns and you hear this audible (heavy sigh). The figure waddles over towards you and pulls the hood back and it's Norda. "All right, what's this about a frog head?" "That would be preferable, aye." You see bags under her eyes. She's had a long day, her hair's a bit frazzled, and she looks like she's waiting for you to finish. "Now this'll be real interesting." She looks past you, and you follow her eyeline, and there you hear the sound of chains as a handful of crownsguard with Jester, Beau, and Nott, in manacles, approach from behind. "These ones, you're talking about, right?" Make a persuasion check. She goes, (sighs) "Hold onto them for just a moment." She walks back inside. A moment passes, and she returns with four other guards. She comes up. "All right. Drag them along with us. Show us what this thing is, and if what "you say is not true, you'll join them. How's that sound?" "All right." It has been close to an hour at this point. Using your second slot. Oh no, you can do this whenever, that's right. Eventually, you guys are led up to the docks, where you guide them. As soon as you pull back and reveal the face, its jaw is relaxed now, its muscles have sat now that it's been left in the dock, and it's pooled at its base. This old pumpkin look. Its tongue's lolling out and unraveled on the ground, what remained within its salivary glands has soaked the remaining wood around its base. One of the eyes has rolled back, but it's a horrible display. The guards take a step back immediately at the reveal, and Norda immediately gets interested, gets close, takes a look at it, and begins prodding a bit with her finger. (sighs) "You say it's a fiend? Because what this looks like is you just murdered one of our "possible witnesses and/or other members of this investigation, so I'm hoping this is a fiend. I "don't know fiends." "Honey, I've been doing this for a long time. I've seen stranger. Hold on just a second." She calls one of the guards over, whispers to him for a second. He rushes off. "Just so happens we have "someone in town who might be able to confirm this for us, might help your case." "Oh, they will be here shortly." Okay, and this awkward period of time with the guards all just standing there, holding you as you wait patiently. Some of them are tapping their fingers. You start rattling your chains and two guards pull the chains taut so you can't do it anymore. Mollymauk, as you begin to make your way back into town, because you're making your way through the dock district along the lakeside and you look up ahead, and you can see there's a couple of torches being held by crownsguard right where the head was left, and you can see Caleb, and then three of your allies in chains. All right, make a stealth check, please. You do not have advantage anymore, that has passed. It's been more than a hour. Yeah, it's not a high DC. You get a little closer, you are still maybe a good 100 feet or so away from them, keeping to the shadows along a building, keeping low. Thankfully it's nighttime, it's pushing midnight at this point. Because you're ostentatiously dressed, but there isn't a lot of light in your colors. As far as you know right now, no one can see you, you're too far away to hear much, but you can keep an eye on them. All right. "I love when they do this! Chain him up." You are shackled as well. At this point, Norda is starting to smile a bit. She's like "Man, if we could have more criminals like you lot, my job would be far easier. I would get home a lot earlier." At this point the guard that had left earlier, who has been gone for about 15 to 20 minutes or so, comes back with a brisk jog. There's another figure walking up behind him, also jogging. You can see light gray hood and cloak around and as the figure approaches into the torch light, pulls back the hood, and you see this long shoulder length curled blond hair. A very very delicate looking elven male, who approaches. "I believe I've been summoned, Norda?" "Yes sorry, this is Archivist Zeenoth. He's been in town for a few days and he comes from the library that knows a lot about a lot of things. I hope that he can help us in this. Zeenoth, they're calling this thing a fiend. What do you know about this?" He steps closer, kneels down next to the head. Hmm? "Yes, these creatures do frequent Xhorhas." He gives some look over, pulls a small book out of his side pouch. Begins to thumb through it, compares a few things. "I'm not a specialist, unfortunately. This creature is very much a very dangerous entity from the far east. I'm surprised it made it this far into civilization before being destroyed. It's a good thing it has been." He now gets to look at everyone, over the crew and goes, "Are you the ones who slew it?" As the figure looks over and stops on Beau and kind of smiles. "Oh I'm an archivist. I'm the archivist of the Cobalt Soul." "No, I'm from Zadash. I'm a bit out of my depth at the moment." "Well, I have business." At this point Norda goes, "All right you know what? This is some serious bullshite. We're all just chilling here at the docks, we have confirmed that's a fiend." "A nergaliid! Bring them back to the stockade. Let's have a trial." They begin to pull you guys back to the stockade. Two of the guards grab the nergaliid head and they begin dragging it along, and you guys are all being pulled. As you guys are walking, she thumbs through and finds the page, begins to read, passes it to the archivist. He begins to read it. He passes it back. You guys all make your way into the stockade. You're not brought to her chambers, you're brought to a much larger room. This room has much more of a stark, barren, stone interior. There are benches built. There is a central kind of a pit. There's about four or five steps down into this pit. Then above that is a desk where Norda takes as the law master. As you step in you realize, oh this is a room of judgement. What are you doing? There is a shared water closet. Yeah, there's two guards still posted there. Most of them have already left because they're carting off the rest of your friends. They look at each other. "Yeah, they've been arrested." "You leave our watch, we cut you." They both flank you side to side and push you ahead a little bit. They are glued to your right and left. They lead you to the stockade. As you guys are brought into this chamber, Norda sets up. Norda, up there at the top, takes her cloak off, puts on her ceremonial armor bits. There's a whole element to the presentation of this. You can see her tiredly putting them on. Sets her hands on the top, "I would like you to present what evidence you have to absolve you of these charges against you and then based on what you present, I'll decide whether or not you're innocent or guilty or require further investigation. Who would like to present evidence first? You! You brought the head of a creature! You're not in chains. We'll start with you." They drag the creature's head forward. She takes the book from the archivist. "And speaking with Zeenoth here, it appears what you said is true. This creature is a dangerous, terrible fiend. And looking at it's apparent ability to feast on the essence of creatures, this explains both the transformation of the old man. This also explains destruction of our two guards, who were recently discovered. Rest their soul. So, that explains that. Convince me as to why you were not working with this entity, especially those of the carnival." She snaps her finger again and you watch as Gustav and Bosun are brought into the chamber, as well as a third figure who you see step out of the shadows. Her hair dark and fading to white, last seen fleeing into the distant fields, you see, in chains as well, Yasha being pulled into the courtroom. (cheering) "That one was caught fleeing from the scene." "I'm certain. You have a trustworthy face. What's the next bit of evidence you want to present, please? Anyone?" "What?" "Strangely, not well dressed enough." "I wasn't going to go that far, but I'll admiss it." "Which one?" Fjord has not arrived yet. We'll say for the purposes of that, as you say that and reveal your hand, Fjord enters through the door like it was a planned arrival. "I don't know what she works for, but I don't trust her." At this point, you watch her pull back. Make a persuasion check. Her eyes are chained onto this goblin. "I defend no rights of this creature! I've been in this office long enough to know that there aren't usually solo workers on something like this. I know these folk. They all protect each other. Who's to say this wasn't their whole reasoning for coming anyway, and something went wrong, and they're letting him take the fall?" "I don't fucking know! Don't tell me how I do my business! Sit the fuck down! Who's next?" "Let him up." They loosen the chains and you get to stand and approach a bit. "All right. Why did this one run?" I would like you both to make persuasion checks. "Is that goblin pissing in my court?" (laughter) The dwarf woman, Norda, leans forward and looks you dead in the eyes. "I've known friends I grew up with who were carved down by your kin. Convince me why I shouldn't hang you tomorrow." "Grimgolir." "Where does your clan operate from?" "That's not too far. Maybe we'll send some folks to pay a visit to your clan." Make a persuasion check. (sigh) She leans back. "I want to sleep. I think you're telling the truth. Most of you. Archivist, does this resonate with you as well? Does this check out, lore-wise? I don't know what the fuck you do." The Archivist is like, "I believe based on what they've stated, at least it's consistent though I'm a bit confused as to the demeanor of the goblin. It's not unheard of to have goblin kin turn against their own. There have been a number of historic individuals of various monstrous races who have been beneficial members of society." "Bring the two others forward." They bring forward Gustav and Bosun. "This is your circus, right?" He goes, "It is my circus and I take full responsibility for what's happened. Sincerely. They have done nothing wrong. They are completely innocent. I brought this creature into our fold and that is on me. Whatever judgement you have, bring onto my head, not theirs. Please. I implore you." "Fine. I'll consider the investigation closed. You're all freed of charges against you. Including the goblin." "I would not recommend trying. Okay. Gustav, what's-- I can't read your last name. You've been given quite a debt for Trostenwald so you shall remain here until you've worked off the debt to the city. To the number of 2,645 gold pieces. To make up for the deaths of our two crownsguard, of the two civilians who have died, and the general cost of this entire investigation. We'll consider what your work is to the city tomorrow. However, the rest of you you're free to go. I'm going to go get myself some sleep." Takes her armor off. "(sigh) All right. I'm going to get a drink." She puts her cloak on and then hops off. With the imposing sight of her on top of a large pedestal and desk, she hops down to her natural dwarven height and it's almost adorable to watch her just skitter the hell out of there. She's done. There's no response. The chains are removed. They free everybody, including Gustav, but two guards are assigned to him to keep an eye over him. Okay. As you are exiting the stockade, in the archway of the doors right outside, you see another figure standing hood up-- like a short hood with a mantle that stops about midway. Bare arms and dark skin, baggy gray pants and is there, waiting. You don't recognize any details about it. You see a cloaked figure there, waiting, looking right at you. Is just beyond the doorway. It's not blocked. I mean, you can exit. They're just on the other side of the door. Every other way in, you don't know the stockade well and all of it just leads further into the stockade. There are other crownsguard inside. You're just going to bolt? Full run? Okay. All right. As you briskly exit and turn to the left, the figure intervenes and side steps right in front of you. No. You don't see much of the face. The hood is up and a little bit of the moonlight is coming, you can see the edge of features. The body is muscular, but thin. Looks not terribly masculine or feminine, but it looks able and it moved at a very quick speed to intercept your positioning. Okay. Okay. As you guys are being escorted out of the stockade, Beau comes back in and joins you. As you say that, you hear a couple (clears throat) and two of the crownsguard visibly bruised that are escorting you guys out into the night air before they eventually leave you to your own devices. The crownsguard have pulled away and now it's just you guys and Bosun and Gustav now, out in the air and Gustav is rubbing his wrists. "Well, thank you everyone for helping. That could "have been a lot worse. And, you know, it's fine. I know it's a lot of money, but shouldn't take me "more than a few years. It's a nice town! Trostenwald is a nice town!" "No, it's not, but you know, it's better than prison." "That there is. I may have to start a small fund for that on its own." "Where's Ornna? Where's the twins? Where's--" At which point, Gustav just begins making a beeline for the circus. Bosun goes, "Oh." (sighs) "I don't know how much he saved. Nowhere near that much, probably." Gustav has spun around and comes back and is like, "Sincerely. I appreciate the aid, but don't. "This is on me. I'll take care of it. This is not your responsibility. It's not your responsibility. "You guys have already done so much. It's fine. I'll take care of it." Make a perception check. Ten? You don't see anybody immediately around. No, Zeenoth was still inside the courtroom when you were leaving. Yeah, it's post-midnight now. "Tell you what. As a thanks, we'll grab Toya. We'll meet you guys-- where are you all staying?" MARISHA and "We'll come meet you at the Nestled Nook and I'll get a round for you all. As a thank you." "All right. Bosun, come on." They make their way off to the carnival camp. As you make your way back to the Nestled Nook Inn, within the tavern, and within the next hour or so, Gustav and Bosun, Toya and Ornna all come in and join you. You guys crowd a few tables together, and under what is generally a pretty empty tavern this night, you guys, for the most part, dominate the center space. The rest of the carnival in presence, Gustav goes and orders a round of drinks to all of you and then sits down. Toya still looks a bit shaken, but seems to be comforted with the rest of the family around her, that still remain at least. Desmond's come and joined as well. As you're all sitting together for a bit, there's a moment of quiet as you're all sipping, and just tiredly thinking over the events of the evening. Toya breaks the silence, "Is the family going away? Am I going to be alone again?" Ornna looks over at her and goes, "Not if I can help it. It's you and me, kid, against the world." Bosun pats Ornna on the shoulder and says, "Well, if you'd have me, you can probably use a strong arm." Ornna looks back at him. Ornna and him have had this rivalry tension for a while. She goes, "You know what? Sure. The trio makes for a strong pack of performers. Desmond, are you in?" And Desmond is just sitting there, staring into his cup and goes, "I see a new family before me. And one I fear that's a story I could only spoil. No, I thank you, but I'll find my own path." And he just sits there kind of quietly in this somewhat sad space. He gives a brief pat and side hug to Bosun before standing up and leaving. Gustav stands up and looks around. "I'm sorry for everything. For all the pain this has caused you, for all the pain it's caused you." Looks at Toya, "For all the pain it's caused you, little one." "Everyone's conscience is heavy with its own reasoning." "I appreciate that. We are our own worst enemy, are we not?" "Well, I think that's the end of my carnival." (laughs) "It was a good run! It was a really good run." "You can go with Bosun and Ornna, if you like. You guys are still carrying on. I mean, I'm not going to keep the tent, I'm not going to keep the supplies. I might hock some of it to try and pay off my debt, but-- take what you want. Start anew. It's my gift to you." They all kind of, "Thank you very much. We'll start small, I don't think we need too much of the ensemble. How we began, back up in Shady Creek." They have simple dirigibles, but they're not very functional. "Bosun and Ornna, you guys can use that tent, right?" "Yeah, I think we'll take the tent." "All right." Gustav finishes the drink and goes, "Well, I'm going to go get some sleep and try and figure out how to put my life together. I bid you all a wonderful night--" "Looks just like the one I lost off my pinky." "That's wonderful, thank you so much." "That's very sweet." They're all over her fingers. Yeah. Gustav puts his hat on. "Yasha, be safe, and punch anyone who gets in your way." "Mollymauk, I hope you find what you're looking for." "To the new family, don't make the same mistakes your forefathers did. The rest of you, thank you." "I bid you all adieu," and he exits. Bosun and Ornna stood up and Toya is there, "Yeah?" "I figure I'll just move on with Bo and Ornna and make a new show. Something with a little less death. That's what I'd like." "I haven't been to Nicodranas." She looks up and tugs on the side of Bosun's sleeve. "You know, I actually haven't been there either." "Hmm. Let's go ahead and make our way. That sounds like a nice change of pace, and this empire is getting a little stuffy for me anyway." You watch as Ornna elbows him and is like, "Oh, no, he's an asshole too. It's fine." She takes it and goes, "It's okay. I know you did what you had to. But when I'm older, I'm going to get you back." Is a twelve year old girl! (laughter) The three of them stand up and give a nod, wordlessly look over the rest of you with a smile of thanks, and Bosun looks to you and makes eye contact and goes, "Take care, brother. It gets tougher for us up north." And they all leave the inn. Well technically, you don't have a map. Traditionally but it can depend. Against-- Yeah. Roll either persuasion or deception. You can choose. Don't-- I mean, you don't have to say but you did. That's fine. All right, so seems on the level. Upstairs at the end of the hallway is a communal washroom. You can find space there. All right. As you guys are all finishing your drinks and standing up to leave the table, a familiar voice pipes in from the center of the tavern. "Beauregard?" And the Archivist who was there earlier during the trial in the stockade. "It's been difficult to find you. Do you mind if we speak?" "Yes, um, would you walk with me? I believe we have much to discuss." "Don't worry. She'll be returned to you. Just--" "All right then. This way please, Beauregard." The elvish man gives a bow and he seems jovial. (laughter) Beau leaves and you guys are able to go about the rest of your evening to rest however you see fit. Yorda is the bartender. Yeah, and Purvon. Yorda. "Right, what can I help you with?" "Right, that'll probably be in the Hillsward. It's a bit pricey, but I don't know if it's open this late." "Oh, I'd put it maybe somewhere in the neighborhood of five silver for a bath." "But you get bathed like proper, multiple people bathing you." "No, Hillsward." "I mean, no offense to you. Their clientele is a bit, upper class." "Alright, fair enough." Okay. Beau, as you exit with Zeenoth. As soon as you step into the night air, a second figure flanks your other side. The hooded figure from earlier that had caught you. "It is only because it's been so difficult to find you. I had to call in a favor. Please, come with us. We have a warehouse." The head turns to you in the hood and you see dark elvish features. A bald head as the hood comes back. What looks to be a female elf of very lithe form who turns to you and goes, "Actually, it is a woman, but I'll ignore that." "It is fine." And she walks ahead of you and the two of you begin to make your way there. They're guiding you towards the Northward and as you step into the dark following their lead, we're going to take a break. (cheering) We'll be back here in a few minutes. For those of you who want to enter the Wyrmwood giveaway, tonight it's a special Valentine's Day promotion from our friends at Wyrmwood. They have four types of dice vaults to choose from where they translate your Valentine Day's message in Elvish. (gasping) So you have some golden Evish stuff there. Don't listen to Liam. To whoever is the winner of this or any of these, they'll go ahead and get you the contact information for Wyrmwood so they can customize your phrase. If you want to be part of this giveaway over the break, make sure to use the keyword toad. T-O-A-D in the chatroom. There's also apparently an anti-Valentine's Day Drow vault they do as well. It's pretty cool. Check them out at wyrmwoodgaming.com but if you want to enter that, the codeword is toad. Only enter once please in the Twitch chat because if you do more than once, you'll be disqualified. Wait for them to notify you over the break and we'll come back with the winner when we return. (Elvis impression) "Oh that was a natural 20." We'll see you guys in a little bit. (cheering) [break] Beauregard. Quietly, they walk you through the night air, through the Northward, to a familiar place the outskirts of the Baumbauch Family Brewery. There's a slight opening on the side warehouse doors where you had previously worked when you first arrived at Trostenwald, and Archivist Zeenoth gestures for you to enter. "Please. If you don't mind, my dear." There is a single glowing lantern that is currently hanging from a rope that is strewn across the ceiling of the warehouse that gives a central source of light to the room. It causes the shadows to stretch out very long across the sides. As you walk in and turn around, the door is closed. The two figures approach. The female elf goes and takes a chair and sets it in the center beneath the lantern. "Please, have a seat." She just sits back, about 20 or so feet, and leans against one of the large stacks of crates as Zeenoth approaches you. "Now, Beauregard. You have been what the Archive would call a problematic student." "I've had to pull in quite a bit of a favor--" "Since I have been assigned to your tutelage, overseeing your progress and training, you've shown great promise, in many ways. You're a seeker of truth, and you have a keen sense for manipulations and falsehoods. Correct?" "When the Archive took you in at the behest of your family, you agreed to undergo our discipline. Our lifestyle." "Believe it or not, not everyone does what they do in this world for coin. We see possibility in you. We, wish to prevent you from blowing out your own flame. Your tendencies clash with our teachings, your dislike for authority." At which point, the woman from behind says, "Your dislike for authority is not a bad thing. It can keep you alive. Authority should always be questioned. Those with more power than you should be held to a higher standard." At which point, Zeenoth picks up, again, says, "But the way of the Knowing Mistress has an order of learning. Your patience is essential to adhering to this path. I know it may not be stimulating at times, but we must prepare your mind if we are ever to prepare your soul." "Look, I just wish to--" At which point, the elven woman goes, "Enough. I've heard enough, Zeenoth. You are removed of your responsibility to oversee Beauregard." Zeenoth's eyes go wide. "This is not a student you can help. Return to Zadash." Zeenoth goes, "Expositor, I do not think that I have been given a fair shot. Please--" "I know this girl, because I see much of myself in her. You cannot reach her. Go." Zeenoth looks hurt. "I apologize that I failed you." He turns around and heads back towards the warehouse doors, which shift open, and close. The woman now steps forward. "Maybe you're an asshole. You probably are an asshole. That's all right, because so am I. Because sometimes you need someone to be an asshole to get shit done." "I am Expositor Dairon, of the Cobalt Soul." D-A-I-R-O-N. "I take it you have heard of our station through whispers." "We are the hidden strength of the library, you are not wrong. We wade in the filth of society. We weed out the corrupt. We pursue the secret evils of the world, and expose them to the light." "We twist the arm of the unjust, until they spill their mysteries. We are the spies. We are the hunters. We are the watchmen to those who rule. We are not kind. We are forthright. We are truth. Do you, Beauregard, want to see the truths of the world?" What's your armor class? You suffer ten points of bludgeoning damage as, out of nowhere, her fist hits you right across the side of your face. You're unconscious? Okay. "Are you listening now?" "Let me be your teacher." "No. What do you want to do now, that that's happened?" "Then do it." "What's stopping you?" Go for it. Roll for an attack. Yep. She dodges out of the way, and as you move past, plucks you in the back of the head with a knuckle. That hits. You take one point of bludgeoning damage. It's a very light tap. With that, she rushes around with a rapid pace to the front of you, feints with an upper cut, and then goes to elbow you in the side of the head. That is a 16. What's your armor class? Misses. You manage to duck out of the way of it. She goes, "Good. Good." Okay. She's going to go ahead and use her bonus action to go into a defensive stance. "Come on." Oh, shit! Two natural 20s in a row! No, I can see it! Roll damage on those first two! Yeah. Roll the dice, double it. 18 points of damage. Then the third strike that hit? You watch as her defensive stance, she's prepared for it, and as you go to swing, she lets it down at the last second, and lets you get some hits in. Wham, wham! But much stronger than she expected. The first one clocks her across the chin. The other one hits her across the temple. The last one-- Just hits her in the back of the head. She stumbles for a second, then spins around. You can see a bit of blood trickling out of the corner of her mouth, and there's a little bit of a scrape of dirt on the side her head where you hit. She turns around. "Very good. You have learned some things in your time." She quickly advances on you. Hits. 18, hits. Okay. You take three points of bludgeoning damage, one per hit. Pop! Pop pop! She is basically going full in with the strike, and is just prodding you with these gentle little hits, showing control, showing that she's entirely able to overwhelm you, and she's hitting different places on your body, strategically. Because with each hit, you feel this burst of numbness in those vicinities. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Okay. After each hit, you gather yourself for a second, she stops and goes, "You are quick, and there is intelligence lying in there. You are also quite nimble at dodging blows. Do you see, with but a few simple strikes, I'm able to extract from you everything I need to know about you." "You see, brute force has its place. But precision, and intent. That can take down the greatest of mountains, by poking the weakest point. Now, I know where your weak points are." Go for it. Nope. With each miss, or, the first miss, she's going to use a reaction to attack you. That's going to be-- She can do that. Ducks out of the way, and immediately uses a reaction to smack you in the head for one point of damage, another bludgeoning point. She's going to spend another ki point to do another reaction. She can also do that. For your second one, yeah. Yeah, the second one does hit. She does not get the second attack. Roll damage on that second strike. All right. What was the damage on that? Eight damage, nice. You crack her in the ribs, and the impact actually does catch her off guard. She ends up tumbling five feet backward across the ground, catching herself in a three-point landing. Okay. Patient defense. You go into that stance that she was in earlier, but holding it for the entirety of this. Her eyes narrow for a second. You see her looking at all the different points that she struck on you earlier, like she's reading some sort of a docket on what your physicality is. With that, she doesn't run at you, she runs around you in a circle and begins to jump off the sides of the boxes, some of the crates that are stacked up nearby. You watch them wiggle as she puts her weight up against them, leaps off-- Okay. Eventually, she uses her momentum to climb to the top with her feet and leap off, then come downward with the knee towards you. You're already in your defensive stance, so her attack's at disadvantage against you. The first strike. 19, 20 to hit? Correct, what the dodge action does is it means any attacks against you have disadvantage. The first one did hit. Second one does not. The third one does. Two hits still get you. Both one point of bludgeoning damage. The knee comes down, and right as it cracks into your head, she shifts to the side and glides off, and as soon as her body glides off, her back is to yours, and her spinning elbow goes and cracks you in the side of the head, but it stops short, just barely hitting you. She's toying with you at this point. Yes, two more points of bludgeoning damage. Make another constitution saving throw, please. This time, opposed to the pressure points being hit, there is the one smack on the side of your head. This pain surges through the side of your temple, and travels through your spine, to all the points she had hit earlier, and your whole body tenses and seizes for a second. Your vision blurs, and your mouth stammers, and you're stunned for the next round. As she lands behind you, and walks around to the front of you, you're unable to, you can't move, you can't speak. "I can start you on this path. You can return to your wanderlust, your allies. Our kind learns more in the world than in a library. Agree to my instruction, to use the skills I teach you, as you return throughout your journeys. One day, you too, can become an expositor." You begin to regain control of your senses, and your speech begins to slowly return to you. "Very well. Your first lesson begins now." She snaps her fingers, and you watch as Zeenoth steps back in, sheepishly. "Is it over, my dear? Is it done?" "I need you to stand here for a second, Zeenoth. I need a body. Let me show you the proper pressure points." Zeenoth's eyes go wide for a second. "I don't believe--" "You owe me a favor. I found her for you, did I not?" Zeenoth sighs, sags his head, and takes his cloak off. "Now, depending on what you wish to learn, there are different places where you can pull the information from the body." Over the next few hours, working with you, and over time-- You both do. "Assholes that the world needs, from time to time." "I'll return to Zadash in the morning. Take what I have taught you. "When you feel it's time for more tutelage, return to me. Do not worry. I have an eye on you." "Do what you must. Travel the world. Use what I've taught you. Learn about injustice. Those you don't trust, follow them. Bend them. Make them tell the truth and admit their guilt. Find where ever corruption is. Root it out and let the system do its job. If the system isn't doing its job, destroy the system." "Because a long time ago, I was a wayward girl with no direction, was angry, and fighting at the world. And someone did this for me." "Perhaps. Who knows. Maybe one day you'll find the corruption inside our own." "Go. Get some rest. Clean up a bit, I think you could use it." "It'll heal. Zeenoth." She slaps him awake. His unconscious body on the ground. (coughing) "Oh dear." "Goodbye. I have such great pleasure in saying goodbye, and good riddance." You make your way back to the tavern, go back into the room, and, exhaustedly, pass out. Let's bring everyone else back in. As you all come to consciousness in the morning, little sore, but recovered--mostly--from the battle that wrecked you the evening before. The fresh smells of cooked meats, and the sounds of various patrons below in the inn tavern floor, rouse you to the morning. What do you wish to do? She's beat to shit. Make a medicine check. Okay. It's actually fairly well made; it gives some nice support to it. I mean, it's more of a sprain than a break. But it helps offer some support to it. It'll heal. Yeah, no, it hurts like a bitch, or it did last night. Or it feels a little better today, but that's definitely going to help give it some support. Good job. You don't have to tell me what you're rolling! Okay. Roll a dexterity check. Why not? It's very well done. There's, like, hatch mark shading. All right, what are you guys doing? The rest of you, while they rush off to go about their errands. Molly and Yasha are heading back to the carnival grounds. You guys, where are you heading off to? You head inside. It looks as chaotic as you left it. You see what looks to be a small bowl of heated porridge that's gathered on the counter, and cross-legged on top is the fantastic gnomish purveyor of the interior, Oglen. "Hello?" "Good day to you as well." "Breakfast." "All sales are final!" Make a persuasion check. You watch as some of the porridge is spilling out the side of his mouth, and he rubs it off. "All right." And he pulls a gold coin out of his pouch. "Might I have the book?" "All sales are final." "Do you want it? I can sell it to you for three gold." Make an investigation check. You guys keep just shaking down this poor gnome guy. Looking around, I mean, a lot of this is knick-knacks and inane garbage, and things that just aren't quite worth what you'd be looking for. You do find one art piece that looks like it's a pretty good art piece with a decent frame, might be worth a little bit, but that's the best you can find. Everything else here looks like it's the dingy side of the Salvation Army. Yes, I'll let you do that. It has not moved from where you placed it. Make a sleight of hand check, please. "It is a music box." He takes it and cranks it. "It was a music box." "I can fix it." He breaks it open, looks inside. "Three days." "Happy sales, as well." Yeah, he did not notice at all. You guys make your way southward. Go ahead and make a general charisma check. Okay. Specific and easily done. Straight charisma. Add your modifier. 11, okay. With your Disguise Self form, it's easy enough for you to ask a few questions, and eventually you are given directions to what is called the Warm Dew Bathhouse. Warm Dew. D-E-W. It'll be one before you bathe there and the other when you leave. (laughter) For as far south as this is, it's pretty decent compared to the other areas. Most of the Hillsward-- you get the sense that a lot of the rural farming community that fills out most of Trostenwald, a lot of the money that gets made goes directly to the central portion of this ward, where this bathhouse is. It's small, but it's really well put together. As you walk inside, you can see there are marble busts set on the sides of the entrance way, each side. You can see nice tapestries that are pulled back over the windows, and as both of you walk in, you see this young man, maybe his mid-twenties or so. Human, but he looks very thin and sickly, like he had a rough upbringing, and his general constitution has suffered for it. He has a warm smile, and he's wearing these long white robes with what looks to be a yellowish scarf that's wrapped around as he approaches. "Hello and good morning. Can I help you?" "I'm very sorry." "That can be done. Of course." Make a persuasion check. "For two hours, that will run-- for two baths adjoining, we'll put it at eight silver pieces." "Wonderful. We'll show you to your bathroom." You guys are escorted to what-- It's really off-putting for the two of you. Not only is the smell clean inside here, but there's the scent of lavender in the hallway, and you hear soft music in the distance. As you walk past, you do see that there is a resident violinist that plays, and you guys are led to these two-- "Right this way." Leads you into the chambers. There is a glass, fogged window, so the sunlight comes through, but no one can see through. There are some linens set out, a towel, and two basins that are freshly filled with steaming water. You are left into the chamber. They're separated by a small wall that's eye length, but you can still talk to each other over it. The illusion stays. Strangely, clothes start apparating out of you. (slurping) You are, actually. There is one incomplete arcane inscription in there. Unfortunately, it's been too burned, beyond recognition. You can see this was a spellbook. Mostly destroyed, but there are two complete spells in there that, if you wish to, you could transcribe over into your book. Those would be Arcane Lock and Unseen Servant. Because you paid for it, there is a hinged, small desk piece where food can be eaten, or drinks could be served while people are taking a bath. As you hear over the wall (gobbling). Plenty of things, actually. No one's watching. There's a vase that's really nice. The doorknob itself is a brass, gold-like material. Using your thieves' tools, you can get that free, if you want. Okay. You get a water flask. Okay. Go ahead and make a thieves' tools check, adding your dexterity. Add the dexterity and your proficiency. There you go. With very little sound, the doorknob comes off, and you have now a solid brass doorknob. There is the vase. It's like that big. It's more of a decorative flower holder over by the window. Easy. You get it. There's nobody watching you! Okay. There you go. Yeah, the linens can be taken. Easy enough. There's some nice clean bandages. Good. While you guys are taking a bath, the rest of you are going off on a shopping trip. Except for you, you're going to-- That's right. You're going. Who's all going together? Where are you going? "There's not much of a specific cartographer in place. Most of the cartography guilds are up "north in either Zadash or Rexxentrum. There might be one in Alfield? We're a bit small over here. "You could ask the general store, or you could maybe go to the stockade. They have maps there but "they use those. You might be able to pay enough for them." "Then maybe check the general store or any of the strange book places might have something "old and lying in the back." "Well, let's see. There's the Hillsbrook Parchment and Binding. There's the Burnished "Bibelots, that I think one of your friends has already been to. Those are the two strange book "places. I'm not much of a reader myself, so I couldn't tell you." She gives you directions. Where are you guys going first? Everything's coming up Jester. All right, so you guys make your way to Lochward General in the Lochward District. As you enter, the older woman, Harper Mince, is there in the general store. It's the large, almost wooden barn exterior. The front door opens two ways, and the inside is wall-to-wall lined with tools for farming and farming equipment for building. There's lumber. There's all sorts of iron nails. It's by all accounts a rural general store. You see on far end is Harper, the older woman there, standing and looking out at the rest of you. "Hi, can I help you? What are you looking for?" "No, we don't sell pickles here, sorry." "We can order some pickles, if you like." "The area? Let me check. I'll be right back." Yeah, she does. She leaves the room. Make a sleight of hand check. With nary a squeak you completely rearrange in a period of about two and a half minutes most of the price cards that are dangling from a number of the tools, their placement. You guys all sit back and watch as this glorious display-- you can almost hear the William Tell Overture begin to play in the back of your head as she rummages back and forth throughout the interior of the chamber, turning things around and sticking them in the ground. It has been completely rearranged. Eventually you hear some rummaging from the back room and some footsteps coming nearby and you quickly stop and return to your original point there and Harper Mince returns from the back room. She has a few papers in her arms. She goes, "I'm sorry, we don't have any maps of the local area for detail. I have a map of the Dwendalian Empire as a whole, I hope that's enough." "All right, let me look at the date here. This will run about seven silver." "Right, yes, let me go ahead and get that for you here." The healer's kit. Looking up the pricing in the equipment section.That is five gold pieces for the healer's kit. (groaning) All right, mark it off. You get yourself a secondary healer's kit. You hand over the seven silver? She takes it and put the ribbon back on it. Finally get to give that to you guys. I designed the layout, but the map is made by a wonderful woman named Deven Rue, who does incredible handcrafted maps. You guys are in Trostenwald, right there. This is north, this is south. This is the Dwendalian Empire. This is not all of Wildemount, this is just a portion. Deven did an incredible job with this. You should follow her on Patreon or Twitter, she does amazing work. She does incredible work. By the way, Deven, who did the map, it is her birthday today. She did an incredible job. The exchange is done, you have your map. Anything else you guys want to handle? There's plenty of tools. There are various packs of supplies. Over time you would run out of it. Good for a while. "I'm sorry, we're a bit out of the center of the country for arcane items. You'd want to go further north for that." "Of course." Take your map. "Thank you very much--" "I-- um..." As you guys all exit, she begins to come around the counter. You can probably get a cart. Technically it's a vardo and the three of them took it. There's a vardo and then there's some carts. You weren't rolling with a pretty heavy-- honestly, most of the room in the carts was either for carrying you guys, whatever small bags you had with you, and the poles you would assemble to make the tent. Are you guys done with your business? Anything else you want to do while you're out and about? There's Natural Remedies, which you've passed before, but not entered. It's an herbal healers establishment. Now, you guys had left earlier, so as you guys head toward Natural Remedies, you guys finish your bath. Yeah. All right. As you guys exit-- "I trust you enjoyed your time at the bath, thank you." Yeah, amongst other things. You guys make your way out and beeline it towards the Lochward to where you would find Natural Remedies. The rest of you guys, as you approach the exterior, amongst the rest of the buildings in the central city, Natural Remedies is, for lack of a better term, humble. It's a small shack, but as soon as you approach it has very strong, pungent smells of funguses. Yep. On the outside you can see, right where the doorway is open, there are strings of herbs that are tied up and left to dry out. On the inside, you can already see that there are shelves of various flora and fauna that are being cultivated for various remedies and means of selling to anybody who wants to come by and procure herbal medicines. Let's see who's handling this one, because you guys have not been here yet. As you enter the main chamber-- Okay, easily enough, so you guys haven't arrived yet. You guys have arrived. As you enter the interior, it's a very musty smell on the inside, too. There's a lot of fungus being grown on the inside here, and you can see that elements of it may have expanded into the corners of the actual room and it's not necessarily the nicest space to be wandering in. It seems natural. Across the way, you see a gentleman of relatively tanned skin, with darker hair that's ratty and clustered. He's in his late twenties or so, looks to be upon closer inspection partial elven blood, partial human blood, and he's in the process of carefully carving a large stalk of what looks like a fungus off of a small pot that he pulled off one of the shelves. As you enter, he doesn't even make eye contact. He goes, "Hello, please, just wait a moment. There we are. Hi, can I help you?" "We have a handful, that is correct. How many are you looking to purchase?" "Four." "What do you do for a living?" "Why would-- Fine, who am I to ask?" "I cut fungus for a living." "I'm not going to ask. Four? Did you want them?" "For four healing potions," and he pulls them out and plops them on the table, "240 gold pieces." Make a persuasion check with disadvantage. Yasha the wheeler and dealer. "No, actually, I think it's rather standard in these parts. But I can put them back." "Oh, I create all sorts of means of tending to wounds and loss of stamina. To be honest, a lot "of people come around here for performance-enhancing fungus." Make a persuasion check. Nope. He leans in close to you. "Mind closing the door?" "Keep curious company, that's true." "Those are magical words for a man of my business. Are you a fan of skein?" "Well," and he goes back into the back chamber, comes back with a small satchel. There's a finely dried, dusted material on the inside, it has a grayish-blue color to it. He goes, "This is "a dried and ground fungus called skein. It's called skein because when you eat it you can see "the weave of time." "It's a woven skein, it's a joke on fate-- never mind." "Thank you very much. It's effective, it's popular on the outskirts where it's not so heavily "controlled and carries a huge jail-time if caught. How much are you looking to purchase?" Sure, go for it. Go for it. Sure. You know what? Make your insight check. Straight insight. Not as good as I hoped 18. Seems on the level, seems excited that somebody's asking about it. You get the sense that maybe he makes a lot of this either for himself or in hopes that somebody asks about it and is seemingly excited that somebody in this bumfuck town, in his opinion, would even have interest. You have once encountered this substance before, and it does seem legit. Hey guys, we're dealing D&D drugs. "I'll put you in at a gold an experience, how about that?" He takes a small little batch of this dried, powdered fungus, and puts it into a small glass vial, corks it, and hands it over. Skein. S-K-E-I-N. I believe that's how it's spelled. God damn it, guys. You're right, I am not making any of this up on the spot at all. Make a persuasion check, with advantage. "50 gold," and he pulls his hair back a bit, "Seems fair." Takes a potion and hands it over. He scoops a little vial and says, "And for fun." He throws it over. TPK by misuse? This has become the longest afterschool special I think we've ever experienced. He immediately gets nervous at her mention of-- "I'll be here." "Of course not. I don't know who you are." At which point, you run outside just as Caleb and Nott are approaching. "Davies." You bump into Caleb and Nott on the way out. Actually, ironically, his clothes do still smell pretty bad, and he still looks awful. That's true, on a gradient scale, he does smell a little better. Easily enough. That's the size of the map. Following the road is longer, but it's safest. That'll probably be close to 200 miles to Zadash. You do have a cart. A single cart. No, you guys traveled around. You went from Felderwin, and curved around to the Ustaloch. Alfield is actually slightly smaller than Trostenwald, it's a stop on the way to Zadash. Zadash is the second-largest city in the kingdom. It was the last conquered bastion of the previous government before the empire entirely took the valley. It was, but now it's more central. It expanded past and took over Trostenwald, Alfield, it expanded all the way into the valley. The Soltryce. Solstice, I can see you mixing it up. The Soltryce is technically in Rexxentrum, which is the capital of the empire. Which is a lot farther. Zadash does have the only other subsidiary of the academy there, but the main Soltryce academy is in Rexxentrum, the capital. But Zadash has some connection to it. Yes, it's huge. For player comparison, it's twice the size of Emon. It's a massive city. No, not Zadash, Rexxentrum. To Zadash, roughly 200 miles or so, if you're taking the road, quicker if you take a straight line, but you're not as safe. It'll be about the same pace as on foot. At a fast pace on foot, you guys can traverse about 30 miles a day. That also means you're moving at a fast pace, so you're not being completely aware of your surroundings, you have a penalty to passively seeing things around you. But you get there quicker. Blindspot. There are messenger services, yeah. Yeah, okay. For the purposes of brevity, we'll say that you find a courier service that runs fast horseback all along the roads from the Empire, and then with approval, outside of it, to the south and west. All right. For delivery to Nicodranas, the cost of the courier service will run you about five gold. That's hundreds and hundreds of miles on horseback. Yeah. Welcome to level... three, after tonight. Sure. It's a young girl with short-ish brushed hair, she's boyish and freckled, and a bit dirty in the edges of her chin, she's in the process of loading up the packs on the horse, and she's wearing simple leather armor, and looks back at you. "Can I help you?" Make a deception check. "Let me check. Yeah, actually, we've got three small parcels on the way to the Baumbauchs there." "That's very kind, thank you." Hops onto the horse and takes off southward. Three parcels. All right. With that, her vocal expulsion is majestic and sudden. Make an animal handling check with advantage, please. The sound that comes out is less of a "Yee-haw," and more of a screech sound. The horse immediately rises up and goes into a very heavy gallop, and the cart takes off ahead of you, and you all struggle to catch up for a bit. With that, you guys quickly try and saunter up, heading northward along the road towards the direction of Alfield, and eventually Zadash, as you head further into the Dwendalian Empire, and whatever fate has in store for you the next leg of your journey. We'll stop tonight's session there. You paid your inn fee. You guys are all level three when you come back next week. (cheering) Yeah, thank you guys for sticking around for a less intense, more character-driven episode, these early days of figuring each other out and forming a fellowship. This is fun, I love it. I know. Thank you guys for watching. Thank you again, Deven, for being an incredible artist, and an incredible mapmaker for working with me on that. Her Twitter-- I should've had this prepared in advance! You can follow Deven on Twitter @devenrue, Mistress of Maps. Her work is incredible. She has a Patreon, which I'm a patron for, you should be too. It's her birthday, so say happy birthday to her. All right, guys, have a wonderful week. Ashley, come back. If anybody from Blindspot is watching right now, kill off her character. I mean, don't do that, but we want her back.