Hello everyone and welcome tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) That wasn't going to happen ever again. The internet has spoken, nobody wants that. Oh yeah, plenty of shade! We do. I love it. Before we jump into the actual story of tonight's game, we have some quick announcements to get through. First and foremost, we have two fantastic sponsors tonight. First up, we have for this evening, Archer Danger Island. As a long-time fan of Archer, I'm excited that today's episode is brought to you by Archer Danger Island. That is the new season that premiers on FX Wednesday, April 25th at 1000pm, so next week, check it out. It'll start there. Season nine centers on the semi-functioning alcohol seaplane pilot, Sterling Archer, as we know, a lush on a lush South Pacific island of Mitimotu in 1939. While the rest of the world is concerned about the impending Second World War, Archer is only concerned with who is buying his next drink. Along with his trusty copilot, Pam, one of my favorite characters, Sterling must navigate quicksand, cannibals, super-intelligent monkeys, poison darts, and pirates. That's right, folks. Somehow they jumped the shark into even better shark-infested waters. I'm all about it. I would love that. I love him so much. He's so great. That's great. There's just a bunch of sharks. Stay turnt for the break. Catch a special video that Nerdist created in partnership with FX, creating our dream Archer Danger Island board game at LDN to celebrate the new season. So check that out at the break. Our second sponsor and returning sponsor, our fantastic friends, eternally with this campaign, D&D Beyond. This Cold War escalation is going to kill us all. Thank you, Sam! Thank you, D&D Beyond. Thank you, our friends at FX and Archer. Running off that, too, to go off to 826 initiative that we're doing right now for this very special fundraising campaign. Many thanks to one of our fantastic Critters, Mark K., who's offered to match every single dollar that you donate, up to $40,000. Many other companies are offering to match donations as well, so as much as you can do, it's going to expand progressively, so thank you for everything there. If you want to check it out, we've unlocked a bunch of tiers and we have a few more to unlock as well. Go to 826la.org/criticalrole, you see where we are and how you can help with their fantastic organization. Once again, reminder, Twitch Prime! If you have Amazon Prime, you can connect your Twitch account and get, once a month, free. Go ahead and give your patronage to a Twitch channel of your choice. That's the word I was looking for. Yeah. Off that note, we have new Twitch emotes available for those who are subscribed to the channel. Based on the various tiers, there are plenty of new emotes with the Mighty Nein related, as well as the nine itself on the dice. Look for that in the subscription tiers. Critical Recap, of course, is up if you need a refresher for campaign two, our fantastic Dani Carr does refreshers every episode. They come out the Thursdays before the episode. I'm sure if you were here earlier, you saw this week's refresher of last week's episode. If you need to get caught up or get your friends caught up quickly to watch live, that's how you do so, so look for it on YouTube under Critical Recap. Not right now. Talks Machina, of course, every Tuesday evening, our fantastic Brian W. Foster will be hosting. Next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific regarding tonight's episode, so check that out. We will have a few cast members there to discuss the events that shall unfold before you later this evening. He also smells like cabbage. The podcast of episode 14 from last week is available for download for all fine podcast users out there. If you're listening to the audio versions of it and you haven't seen the last episode and you're waiting for the podcast, well, you can listen to both and watch tonight. It would be really confusing, but you can. That's an option now, so congratulations. I think that's-- Oh, the comic book that just came out. Issue six, which is fantastic. The final issue of our six episode arc of Vox Machina Origins is available. Check it out if you haven't yet, especially if you were waiting for them all to come out, now you can do that, and we'll have news soon about an actual hard release you can hold in your hands. That's exciting. Don't forget Pillars of Eternity That's right. Pike's portrait was unveiled. If you want to preorder it, you can preorder it at versusevil.com/criticalrole, and that's also where you can see the portrait. Super excited for that. I think with that, folks, our announcements are done. Awesome. Thank you for the update, Laura. No, it's good. With that, guys, let's go ahead and get started with tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Last time we left off, The Mighty Nein had gone towards The Evening Nip, where they had finally crawled into the subterranean, hidden, basement/tavern where The Gentleman does his business. You had encountered Yasha who joined back up with the party. You had a brief discussion with this Gentleman, which led to a bit of card-sharkery from Fjord's end, a fair played game, made quite a bit of money and earned his favor. There you discussed what was to be done with this new arrangement. He took some blood as it was required of him to make sure that he could ensure-- Yeah. You were watching. You guys said that you were possibly looking for furthering some sort of relationship for business purposes, but for now you had an individual who needed to be smuggled out. He said it would be fine, but one favor requires one in return and to prove yourself both capable and he had heard some tales of which you had done within Zadash. He requested that you go and inspect this newly discovered buried ruin, this series of chambers that exists on the outskirts of their underground river escape towards Berleben and the Ounterloch. You went ahead and retrieved Horris, brought him back. He was then, supposedly it seems to be so, sent off and escorted out of the city, safely-- They totally killed him. They probably killed him. (laughs) You found yourself down towards the subterranean docks to this river. By the way, through all of this Molly was having a mild panic attack about his story, encountering Cree and apparently being called the name Lucien and Nonagon. Upon making your way to the docks, you were given two boats and utilizing them to move further downstream towards where the exterior of this ruin was discovered. You all gathered your supplies and by the glowing orbs of Caleb's Dancing Lights ahead of you, we left off with you traversing deeper and deeper down the dark tunnel and river. Usually I do this just before the game and I totally forgot to. That's what I'm here for. That's okay. So Yasha, Caleb, Nott, and the other ship was Fjord, Jester, Beau, and Molly? Heading down the tunnel, the two boats, the width of it is just enough to fit both of you and occasionally you have to pick one or the other as it begins to pinch a bit and then expand. I will say due to weight, unless somebody wants to actively paddle, the boat with Caleb, Yasha, and Nott will probably be taking the lead in those moments. Each couple of splashing sounds that hit as the oars hit the water and the occasional crack of the water against the brook or a rock in the center, you being to maneuver your way through this dark tunnel with just the low light that you've been applying. It gets colder and colder the further down the tunnel you go and while it is moist, you begin to see your breath just in general this low in the ground. We are too, Laura. We are, too. It would take about a mile journey to get to where they said this would be, so you have a few minutes. Is there anything you guys wish to do, prepare? You have time, you're traveling! Holy water, not holy oil. The only light you have is the light from Caleb's Dancing Lights which he's re-upping as soon as it completes its one minute cycle each time. So you guys continue-- --continue down the river for a short time. The river splits up for a bit and actually divides into two tunnels. Make a perception check with disadvantage because of the low light. Hard to tell at this distance and it's coming up quickly. Make a perception check. SAM and 21? It does not appear that the wind is picking up one way or the other, but it's approaching very quickly. I mean, the general sense of ominous dark, future tunnel, but there's nothing supernatural about the darkness ahead of you. That being what gave them the idea that that's where this is. That's where the entrance to this-- You guys are heading east, yeah, a northeast path. So as you're paddling backwards, Yasha adjusts the oar and changes the trajectory of the boat and heads it toward the left path. Do you follow suit? Most spastic rowing partner ever. Heading down the water path does pick up a little speed and seems to dip suddenly before picking up with a mild splash but you catch yourself. It slows down a little bit and you start seeing a few rocks that break the surface and you have to maneuver around them. One you push off with the oar to make sure that your boat doesn't strike it. You're not going fast enough to where it would damage the actual boat, but it could list and get stuck on it if you were to not be careful. You push off, thankfully because you both have light sources here. Okay, it gets just to the very edge of the oar before it touches bottom. The oars are about five feet long. On the water? Okay. As you reach over the edge of the boat and slowly lower your tiny goblin feet across the surface, breaking the water (water splashing). (cheering) Okay. As you're so entranced by this, you glance down just in time to see one of those stones that's protruding from the river seems to have come out of nowhere. Before you have a minute to punch off, it hits you across the knee and bruises the heck out of it. Your whole leg starts throbbing and you're like, "Ah!" So your skiing is now (crashing splashes) underneath. All right, it takes you a moment and Caleb, you go and help get Nott up onto the boat, but as you do, a little water logged, the water splashed over your face a bit. Because at that moment the lights go out. As soon as you pull Nott up into the ship, there's a brief moment where Nott breathes and looks back up with a smile about to say thank you before you see, out of the corner of your eye, one of the stalagmites at the top of the ceiling detach, float down and open up, almost like an umbrella before it lands and collapses on top of Nott. With advantage because it was with a surprise attack on that one, so that would be a 19 to hit. What's your armor class? All right, Nott. That is five points of bludgeoning damage and it is attached to you. You now see a pitch black and gray spined octopus-type creature, that looks from the exterior like any other part of the cavern wall, but has these deep sunk red eyes at the top of its base and it's completely wrapped around the top of Nott, and is currently crushing down on top of her. I need you all to roll initiative. It doesn't count if it's on the floor, dude. There are! Molly, roughly where are you on this board? All right. Fjord and Beau in that order? You now see this entity has fallen and latched on to Nott. So in that degree. All right, 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 15 to ten. Hold on, 15 to ten. Historically. All right. Ten to five. Beau at nine. Wow! Molly, Jester. That's everybody, right? And four. Caleb, you're holding up the rear? First and foremost, Fjord, you're up. It has completely attached itself, and the end of its tendrils coming to these pointed hook protrusions, this thick flesh webbing between each of these tentacles that form the umbrella-type shape, have all engulfed most of Nott, and you hear the muffled (muffled yelling) from within, and the little bit of the feet trying desperately to hold onto the boat and maintain balance. You do. Probably not. You know what you're doing. No, it's enveloped, and is currently wrapped around. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. Eight points of damage, nice. Does that end your turn? No, you do not. You cannot, unfortunately, because-- Well, no, because Eldritch Blast is a cantrip, so you can. Yes you can. Well, you would have had to have done that first. Correct. But next time it gets hit by you, you can add extra damage. Okay. That finishes your go. Now it's their turn. Being attached to there, the strange darkmantle-like beast-- It can, sure. Yep. There you go. strength checks it is. All right. You watch as it begins to slowly crush around Nott, instead its eyes flash red, and you watch as a familiar-looking orb of blackness emanates from it, completely filling this space with darkness. So at the moment, everyone on that boat is blind. You can be blinded, but you have advantage on dexterity saving throws against things that you see. Essentially, but a magical darkness that radiates outside of it. Another one going towards the source of the beam of light that had emitted and damaged its ally sweeps down towards Fjord and attempts to go ahead and wrap around. That is going to be 21 to hit. You take five points of bludgeoning damage as well-- And attaches itself to Fjord, yeah. That brings us to Nott, you're up. You can attempt to. You have to make a strength check to do so. Yes, a strength check. Yeah, that'll do it. So you manage to break free from its grasp. Yep. Nope, it is just darkness. You push it off of you, and you still have nothing before you. You didn't see the darkness emit from it, you've just thrown it off and you're still blind. It's a little off putting to you at the moment. Okay, you throw the creature off, whatever is on you, and it's just darkness around you. You start reaching out for some sort of sign of something in your vicinity. Are you holding an action? No, that's right. That's your turn. That brings us to Beau. 25 hits, roll damage. Six point of damage to that one, all right. It's glomped onto Fjord's head, the rest of it pulling and wrapping into the insides of his armor. You hit it just above where-- you feel the impact, Fjord, but it's mostly absorbed by the strange, rubbery, flesh exterior of this creature. That'll hit, roll damage. Nice. You clock both this creature and Fjord across the chin. No damage to you, Fjord, but you are a bit dizzy from the impact in the darkness around your face. Essentially. Eight damage, nice. After you deck the darkmantle across the face and Fjord, you backhand with a full back fist blow to the side. You see it almost detach, and it's looking like it's scrambling to hold on. That finishes your turn? That brings us to Molly. That hits. Roll damage. As you take the blade and swing, you cut down pretty close to where Fjord's head is. As you cleave through the body actually splits, revealing Fjord's face. As it limply falls off into the water slinking into the sludge. That ends your turn, Molly? All righty, that brings us to Jester. No, you can just see darkness. Make a strength check. Six, okay. You struggle, it doesn't seem to get purchase. You're confused by this. Well, it's a lot going on in the moment and you're trying to figure out what to do. You don't quite have the gumption to get it catching up relatively fast. So it goes just five feet. That would be your action on that one. That ends Jester's turn. Yasha, you're up. Well no, you have no idea. You watched as it slip around Nott and darkness envelop it, and that's all you know. You know the general direction of where it is. You are. You spend your action to create the Light cantrip. You watch as it flickers for a second and the darkness consumes the light. The spell has no effect. Yeah, if you want to. Well, that's an action to do that, technically, so you couldn't. You used your action to do the Light cantrip, unfortunately. So that's your turn? Okay, Caleb you're up. That's Scorching Ray for that? Three attacks. All at disadvantage because you're blind. 16 hits. 11 just hits. All three hit, actually, even blinded. 13 points of damage. All together, right? Nope. It loses concentration on its darkness. (cheering) All right, that ends your turn, top of the round. The boats continue further downstream. Top of the round, Fjord, it's you. You watch as the moisture from the air and some of the water droplets from the river, from the splashing of the boat suddenly stick up and congeal in ice form around the outside of Fjord's body. Correct. It only takes the 1d6 damage when you damage it. That ends Fjord's turn. Another one swoops down and is going to attempt to envelope the one that scorched its ally. That's going to be a 14 to hit. You take nine points of bludgeoning damage and it is attached to you. The one that is still existing is going to attempt to attach to you once again, Nott. That's going to be a 12 to hit. That is a miss. LAURA and That ends their go. Nott, you're up. Okay, go ahead and make an attack with disadvantage, because you are in melee with another creature. The other creature that tried to grapple you is right up against you. So it is still harrying you when you're trying to fire. Yeah, if she hits. Ten does not hit, unfortunately. You attempt to fire and at the last minute it shifts out of the way. You can see Caleb's chest exposed to where you were aiming, and you pull back and fire wide off into the darkness. Yes. 20 does hit. You don't get sneak attack, however, because this guy is not engaged with anyone else. Go ahead and roll damage. I don't know if Frumpkin-- I'd say for now, given the fact that Frumpkin is in a small boat and the creature is flying up, I would not consider it harrying the entity enough to grant sneak attack. But it doesn't matter. Because that was enough to finish it off. It had already been damaged quite a bit in the previous round. So as you fire your final crossbolt into that one it (impact) (splash) into the river below. You watch as it sink below the water as your boat begins to scoot by (scraping noise) and begins grinding against this center stone here in the middle of the river. It's just barely making its way around. Finishing that, that's the end of Nott's turn, Beau you're up. No, that one has been slaughtered. There is one on Caleb over there. It is currently attached to him around his head, yeah. Nope. There's probably about a ten foot distance between you and the other boat. Oh that's right, because you got a feat for it. So you would not have disadvantage on that. Well, we'll let you roll damage for Caleb's because it did work. I forgot that you had gotten that feat. Go for it. The first one was high the second one was low. So with that one moment as Beau's preparing, you manage one blast of the crossbow that strikes square into one of the eyes of the creature. You hear this this strange guttural pain sound as it's still holding onto Caleb, but seems to have taken a big hit. On your turn, Beau? For the purposes of this, roll an acrobatics check. This is a more parkour off of the boat using the weight. So you jump, skip off the ground and-- On the small stone in the center there and use the momentum from that with the staff swinging, go ahead make your strike against the-- Nine damage. With that, you manage to slap that one into two separate pieces that go slapping and sliding against the wall and splatter and begin to slick down the side of the cavern exterior. Your hair's slick back from the blood from the impact and the wound that gets taken. Ending Beau's turn, Beau, Caleb, Molly, and Jester you hear this mild rumble, and you watch as from the somewhat rocky outside of the two sides of the wall these large figures begin to burst from the exterior and begin to slowly make their way towards the edge. So their action and movement puts them right up to there, and this one moves up to there. You see them covered in greenish algae and vines. They look like they're made of earth and stone. You're not certain what the nature of what they are. They're bottom heavy and crawling across the ground and pulling their body forward. You're not even sure if they have feet. They're coming up to the edge of the river. That's going to end Beau's turn. Molly, you're up. They're not yet, no. Okay. Okay. Well, that's where Jester is. So you're like, "Oh!" Jester still has the oars in place. Does that finish your turn? All righty, Jester your turn. All right, make a strength check please. Oh shit! Jester is power rowing as it begins to (motor whir) down the river to about there. You scoot by. The entity gets to the edge of the water and then watches it pass, its body shifting. It looks powerful, but it looks slow-moving. Perfect. That ends Jester's turn. Yasha, you're up. Maneuver around? Go ahead and make a strength check. Correct, which actually you had to roll a concentration check for. All right, so it is dark in here. Remember the Dancing Lights is concentration. No, it is now absolutely pitch dark. It's pitch dark, yeah. Yeah, it dispels the Light, unfortunately. It doesn't encapsulate it. It dispels it. So you begin rowing in the direction in the darkness. What'd you roll? 19? Oh yeah. Without issue, you can row past and just begin to get beyond your friends there. That's going to end Yasha's go. Caleb, you're up. Okay, a couple lights go up again. You guys go from darkness to immediate light again and behind you see the two creatures dragging themselves forward by their upper body. Okay. Top of the round now. The water carries the boats further down-- To about there. We'll say here, with the movement of the creatures, actually, they can't catch up, because you guys managed to push ahead. For the purposes of cinematic movement on this, you guys continue to row as hard as you can, looking back with the light pushed towards the back to give a view. They are failing to keep up with both Yasha and Jester keeping the ships going at full speed. Eventually, they both stop and begin to back up, heading back towards the vicinity where they had originally emerged, disappearing into the shadows and darkness behind you. As the sounds of the underground river begin to fill your senses once more, you settle and listen, and the quiet, aside from the slow rushing of the river, is all you hear. Who's at the front of each boat keeping an eye out? Fjord moves to the front of that boat. Who's at the front of the other? I would like you both to make a perception check, please. 12. Okay. As you guys are moving along, Fjord, mildly distracted, partially from the mist that is rising up from the ice and armor-- Caleb, you focus off to the side, and to the north side of the riverbank you see a shift in texture and a mild rock slide. Part of the wall has caved in a bit and is now pushing into part of the river. Okay. So as you focus on-- What's the range on that one? 30 feet, okay. As you guys drift lazily down the course of the river-- As you move in that direction past the rock slide, you get a faint source of magic further beyond that rock slide. You get a better look at it. Actually, you don't get a better look because you don't have light. That's on the north side of it, yes. Nope. Nothing of magical essence on that side of the chamber. Those with darkvision get a better view as they get closer. At this point, you've gotten close enough for your magical essence so you get a view of this, Nott. You can see on the northern side of it, the cavern wall that has been slowly shifting through millennia of mineral buildup changes into bits of solid, smooth stone and a portion of it collapsed into what this rock slide is. Yasha ignites a torch. The fire burns brightly and the interior of this chamber now is very easy to see the details around you. The water is still cruising by as you guys begin to make your way up along the shore a bit, stepping off to the side of the river and pulling the boats up on the rocks. They're not going to continue to be carried down by the stream. The Gentleman on hard times, maybe. Past about a roughly ten-foot wide portion of this wall that has fallen in, part of the ceiling has come in and above it is just dirt. It's loose rock and pieces of well-carved stone and masonry that have been destroyed, apparently upon exiting whatever was beyond this wall. You feel it on the opposite, the other side of this rock slide. Both of you make athletics checks to get through the endurance of pulling these stones out of the way. Yes. Between the two of you, about ten minutes pass as you watch your two beefy companions, one after another, moving large stones and rocks, scooping them out of the way, some spilling and rolling into the water, other ones being pushed off to the side. I'd say about the time it begins to fade, you guys begin to see a faint purple glow through a breach of this slide leading into the next chamber. It's a very faint pinkish purple light source. Coming from that room. It looks like there's a room or a chamber beyond. You're just starting to expose it a bit. All you're seeing is the light and stone on the opposite end. But there is a gap. There's about a ten-foot space between where you're starting to see this and where you see the light reflecting on whatever this other surface is within. About then, your spell fades. The torch is still up, yeah. You guys manage to pull the stones from it, the final bits leaving just enough of a space where you can crawl through independently. You are now looking into the center of a spiral staircase. Will-o'-wisps generally fade like a dull yellow-green color. Not particularly. As you begin to move beyond, you can look up inside this spiral staircase. Above you and about two feet up the corner, there is a wrought iron cage that is built into the wall, containing a small crystal-like stone that is purple in color that is giving off this light source. There have been different artifacts that have been enchanted with equivalents of either Continuous Flame or a magic that themselves can emanate light. The way it's affixed to here, it looks like it's designed to be a general light source. Essentially, yeah. It's a purple glow stick. Like a small iron cage that is bolted into the stone. Okay, you have two directions. Up or down? It goes up or down. You pull through and begin to find your way into the spiral staircase. It's about, roughly, eight or ten feet wide as it continues downward. It also continues upward. You're entering partway through the staircase. No, no. It's closed. There's an actual column in the center of it so you have to traverse up or down to get more of a view of where it leads. Well, no. It's just right around the corner on the edge, locked into the central pillar. Yeah. It looks like the edges of the cage where the metal has been bent-- It's small. It's about that big and it's pressed into the stone, like the stone was probably ground into various holes and then the iron was put in there and then sealed in. You don't know how easy or hard it would be to remove. All right. What is the marching order heading downward? Nott in front. Who's after Nott? Okay. Who's after Yasha? All right. Jester after Yasha. So Beau's at the back keeping an eye open. As you guys slowly step down the stone stairs, deeper and deeper still-- Go ahead and make an investigation check. Is there a number up top? Roll it again. You guys continue down for about 40 feet or so, very slowly, very carefully, as Nott inspects each individual step, eyes lurking around looking for any signs of uneven stone, of gaps between the mason work. Nothing catches your attention. You hit the very base of the stairway before it evens out. There is a small intermediate chamber that's about 15 feet wide and only about five feet-- sorry. 15 feet long and about five feet wide, and then a thin hallway about four or five feet wide that goes on for about 25 feet. You don't see anything beyond that. There is no light other than the torch light that you have currently. So as you exit the stairs-- It's essentially five feet to each way on the ends. It's a rusty trombone, man. You never seen that? Yes. Yes, Nott. That is correct. It looks to be five feet to each side of you once you exit the stairs, like a resting space. And then there is a four to five-foot wide shaft that continues forward. I know. I'm proud of you. Congratulations! Nott's been drinking enough where she's not entirely certain where things are or where you are. Cats, generally nocturnal? I would say it would have, unless it says in the actual-- I will look in the Monster Manual. I'm fairly certain, having grown up with cats, that being nocturnal creatures they'd have it. They do not have darkvision, according to the rules. But they do have perception on vision. Ten feet ahead of Nott? Frumpkin darts ahead down that long, 25-foot, very thin hallway to the opposite side and in the next chamber, what little bit of light's making it in there-- because it's pretty low light, based on what little bit of torch is coming through, and it's like a lantern light at this point, because only what's coming through that hallway is then spreading out before you. You see a raised platform, about a foot high. It looks triangular in shape in the center of this room, and that's all you can make out with the little bit of light that's there, but the room continues on about another 20 or so feet beyond that entrance before it goes to darkness. Correct. Nott, are you traveling down the hallway as well? All right. As you approach the first bit of that hallway that continues downward, you step in, and at that moment, you hear this (click) and glance over to the right of you, as you checked for traps in the stairs, but not the hallway. You glance off to the side and can see a scattering of holes on each side of the wall, about nine or ten of them at different angles, and one of them goes (click). You glance over before something comes firing out at extremely fast, lightning speed towards you. That's going to be a 26 to hit. You take five points of piercing damage as a long, metal bolt fires out of the hole and sticks you right in the front of the thigh. On this trap, at this floor point? You jump up and down. Make an investigation check if you want to, in the area. It looks like, whatever this trap is, the actual entire stone floor around you is a pressure plate that Frumpkin did not set off. It has not gone off since you've stepped on it, but as you're investigating and listening closely to the stone, you hear a very slow (clicking). Okay, that is 14 to hit? Does not hit? This time, hearing the (arrow firing) out of the side, and being ready for it, you duck out of the way and it splinters off and sparks against the stone. About ten feet from where you are. (ticking sound) Okay, go ahead and make a thieves' tools check, which is your proficiency bonus plus dexterity modifier. Should be plus six, I think? 18, okay. Looking at this central platform here, as you inspect it, listening to where it's clicking, you listen for the holes that are clicking. Most of these holes are not actually functional, they're just there to confuse whoever might notice that there's an issue. Only one of them is active, and you listen very closely and listen for the one that's making the clicking noise, and you quickly take one of your thieves' tools-- or, not your thieves' tools, something on you that can plug that hole. A piece of stone, something that you might have in your vicinity that might function to that degree. (ticking sound) The holes are about that big. (ticking sound) Okay, there is a section of the doorknob that will fit within that hole. You jam it in there, and you push and grind it in there until it feels wedged in the stone, and eventually you hear (ticking) (swoosh) and the door knob cracks for a second, and there's no more clicking. Apparently you have managed to break that device. As you pull the doorknob out-- With disadvantage-- Oh, no that's a 12 to hit. It shoots out anyway, but haphazardly, and then it breaks. You hear a (clanking) on the inside of the wall there, and that trap is busted. Two for investigation? You guys are all just in the back watching this happen. Make an investigation check. Okay, hard to tell at this point. The chamber you're in right now? Looking around, you can see a heavy layer of dust across the floor and the edges of the wall. Oh! Sorry, I thought you were checking for yourself. The portion that Frumpkin can see is just the center platform. The center platform, looking on top, has a series of symbols on it. Looking close, Frumpkin can see they aren't symbols that are drawn on it, they are carved in. Actually, the triangular shape resembles that. The center hole is the deepest. It goes out of sight. The other ones are just mild carvings in the stone. Yeah, you guys are still back waiting for Nott to finish walking through. You're just going to run across? As you're like, "Coast is clear!" Yasha comes rushing past. In the time that it's taken, the first trap has reset. That is going to be an 18 to hit? Ooh, that is 11 points of piercing damage, as it strikes you in the back of the calf, actually piercing through the muscle, and you stumble for a second. You rush past the floor where Nott is. No effect. The third one it goes off. Another trap. That is going to be a 14 to hit. That's going to be seven piercing damage to that one. This one catches you in the back, in the side of your rib cage, under your shoulder blade, and you manage to emerge into the next chamber with the torch now. Wounded-- But you made it through. They're both sticking out of you as you turn around and look in the chamber. All right. As you guys run through, it's still resetting. Who's going through? Who's holding up the back? Make a perception check with disadvantage, because you're now outside of the main light. The rest of you rush through, making it through, the traps have reset. Beau takes a moment there. Looking around the corners, it looks like this portion of the chamber is more of an antechamber or something that leads into the next bit. There's nothing of worth or interest. Okay. You run to the first chamber. It shoots out towards you. That's cocked. That's going to be a 16 to hit? Misses. Just past you. The second platform, Nott's already disarmed. No effect. Third platform. Does come shooting out at you. That is going to be a natural 20. Okay! Let's see if it works. 13 points of piercing damage for that one. 13. 11. You catch it and it embeds itself about an inch into your chest before you pull it out. You throw the bolt to the ground and continue on to the chamber. You only suffer two points of damage. As you guys now have a moment here to take in the chamber around you, Yasha holding the torch aloft, lighting up the vicinity. You're now standing inside a tall, octagonal chamber that rises up about 25, 30 feet above you. A domed ceiling with abstract designs and symbols written in each pie-slots of this octagon around. No. You see in the center where all of these triangular pieces of the dome meet in the center, there is a blue, thick ten foot wide pillar that descends about ten feet from the ceiling, about 15 feet above you. It's square and ominously held aloft. Below that, you see there is that triangular piece of stone and there is no visible exit to the chamber. It's raised off the floor about a foot or so. For each side, it's about two and a half feet. It's that thing. The whole chamber would probably be about 50 to 60 feet wide. From your perspective entering, this would be the front end and there's these two sides there. You have the dome with all these symbols and strange designs upon each of these eight pieces of the octagon dome. What skills are you trained in? Yes. Okay. What do you have? Proficient in? Well, as you look up. First off, as Yasha holds the torch up so you can see the symbols. All of these are from Fjord's perspective. Those are on the ceiling, yes. 22. As you slowly crawl your way around the exterior, checking the stone, checking the placement. You do see that each of these symbols are about maybe half an inch thick into there except for the centerpiece, which you cannot tell how deep it is. The hole in the center goes down for a while, from what you can tell. It's about two to two and a half feet to each side. Yeah, flat on the ground. You do not see any traps around the interior of the chamber. Are you trained in arcana? I will say because of your monk background, I will allow you to go ahead and attempt it as well. If the two guys trained in arcana as well are looking up at the symbols and studying them, you are welcome to do so. If you spend a ki point, yes you do. Those symbols are carved in the ground. Those symbols on the ceiling of each space-- They're on the ceiling in each octagonal piece of the dome; they're painted above in a circle around. Okay. In the focus of intending to cast the Detect Magic spell, you're not as focused on the symbols. However, the two of you, keenly, together, staring up at the ceiling, begin to make out something similar in these patterns. You don't fully understand it, as it comes from whatever knowledge was imparted upon you from this entity you've made a pact with. You, however, in studying various forms of the arcane and coming into knowledge that isn't your specialty, but knowing it is definitely a specialty, you look at each of these symbols, and these are not classically used, they're improvised interpretations, or specific re-toolings of the symbols that mean each of the eight schools of magic. Between Fjord and Beau, you guys get to make out what each of these symbols means. You can give it a shot if you want to. It does not shift at all. Currently, no. Okay. Okay, you step onto the platform. A moment passes. Two. No effect. You can, although in the light source Yasha's currently holding, it just looks like shadow. Okay, you take the torch and hold it over to give you a better glance over it. The hole descends about a foot and a half and stops. Right. It's roughly a half inch wide, so about that wide. Fits inside. Solid walls on the inside. Correct. It is just flush and set in the ground. Make a perception check. Glancing up at it, the pillar itself comes down in a square-shape, and the very base of it has a slight curvature or dome to it, but it is solid. You don't see any seams in it, you don't see any marking. It is just a solid pillar. It's about ten feet wide or so. At this point, yeah, as they began to look around. You said you're searching for anything else in the chamber. Make an investigation check. As you begin to slowly make your way around the room, looking for any markings. The hole is like a half-inch wide. You spend a little while looking for any signs of grooves or where anything's hidden. The chamber is solid, and there is nothing in the room that looks like it would-- there's nothing to grab on to. There are no other objects in here. It's fairly empty, aside from this dome, that octagonal shape, and this small engraving on the ground, and that pillar at the top. No, this chamber is far further below. It's 40 feet below where you guys initially came through, so whatever you sensed earlier would have been near where you entered. It was probably the glow stick, yeah. Nope. One big chamber with no other exit beyond the hallway you entered from. Go for it. Oh, yeah. The next trap you come up to, you leap up onto the side, using your fingers to dig into some of the holes there, and jam about three ball bearings into the one hole that you see is the one where the bolt is actually embedded within, and as soon as you step back down, you hear this grinding noise, and the trap is pretty shattered from the inside. 12. The middle one is still broken. There's only three platforms you've seen that actually lead to this trap. You've broken two of them. The third and final one, you go to attempt to put the ball bearing in there. However, it does shoot forth, through your thumb. That's going to be a 21 to hit. You take eight points of piercing damage. Actually, it goes through your thumb and into your hand and into your wrist, and so you're bolted through there and it's sticking out right there, and you're like (shocked sounds). The shock hits you-- you don't feel the pain yet, you're looking at it jutting through your hand. Okay, go for it. Roll one more time. You're having a hard time breaking it. You hear the clicking going and you're putting the ball bearings, and they keep slipping back out, and you can't find the right way to keep it in. You have too much pain from your hand. (ping) Another one fires out towards you. That's going to be a 13 to hit. So you duck out of the way. You attempt to jam it back in. Angrily, with your one good hand, you take a handful of bearings and jam them inside, holding your wrist there as you can feel the (impact) inside, and then a spring breaks somewhere beneath the stone. All three traps have been disabled. As you're bleeding profusely from your wounded hand, you guys head up the stairway? Him. It's your pet. Marching order heading upstairs? Yasha's in the back with Frumpkin up ahead. Perfect. As you guys progress, spiraling up the staircase, you come by the glowing purple orb that's embedded in the wall, and you're helping Caleb come up the stairs, vision currently focused through Frumpkin. Frumpkin heads above, curling upward another 60 or so feet above where you entered-- so 100 feet above, spiraling, where this base floor you had already inspected was. Eventually, it emerges into a fairly wide square-looking chamber. All right. Frumpkin emerges and looks inside. It's a Baroque-style grand chamber, with intricate designs and a beautiful interior. The floor itself is solid marble squares that are off-color to each other and give almost a checkered pattern to it. Against each wall, the walls are carved to be beautifully intricate with half-pillars carved out of them, and parts that are inset with art pieces once were set, but are gone. There are shelves in places in here, where things of worth were once set but have already been taken. The opposite side of the room, by the way, has completely fallen in. This chamber should be about 80 feet across, but it looks like something has happened and caused it to collapse inward, and the chamber is slightly tilted to one side. There's a slight tilt, a decline towards the left-hand side of the chamber. There are two load-bearing pillars that mark the center of the chamber that lead up to the ceiling, and the ceiling itself is about 30 feet up, similar height to the previous chamber you were in. Make a perception check for Frumpkin. With the low light in the chamber, it's hard to make out any of specific details beyond that, but this is what you can see. The collapsed opposite side of the chamber that has fallen in, and there is rubble and stone and earth that has filled the opposite side of the chamber. There is the nice marble floor and the designs and carvings in the sides of it. It just opens up. The spiral staircase just emerges into that chamber. You guys are about 15, 20 feet behind Frumpkin, yeah. You're getting close to the tip of it-- to the end of it. So what are you doing? Nothing in the vicinity of the spiral staircase, no. Okay. Level one? Seven points for Nott? Okay, cool. Are you guys staying in the staircase or are you emerging into the chamber? So you all begin to make your way inside this chamber. Nothing arcane in nature that catches your attention immediately in a 30 foot distance. Are you heading into the chamber? Okay. Behind Beau, at the entrance way, you don't feel any arcane presence. The rest of you begin to push past, and make your way into the chamber. And once again you see-- That'd be perception checks from both you guys. With Yasha's torch and the globes you have there, you don't have disadvantage. Natural 20. You? Okay, you notice a couple things. One, there is a relief in the center of the chamber, right before the wall collapse covers the floor built into the marble. It resembles two faces and one body in the center. Like one torso leads into two faces that look upward. Their eyes are gone, there's circular empty sockets where the faces are and their emotionless expressions looking upward. Very thinly carved into the ground. Yeah. Looking from above you can see it, but looking from the side it looks very strange because it's a very flat carving. You see that in the center, ahead in the chamber. No, they're looking straight up. There's two sockets to each, and they're empty. Yes. Deadless. Deadlifts, yes, they're looking up from the deadlifts, it's-- You do look to the right and left hand sides of the chamber, you can see all the shelves and inset areas where artwork would have been placed. You do see two upside down acorn-style alcoves that are mirroring each other on each side of the chamber. From this distance, you can't see. They're open. They're maybe about a foot tall and empty in the inside. With the light source you have at the moment you can't see anything inside of them. Looking above you, you do see a set of chains that are hanging from the ceiling that appear to be affixed to some sort of red clay urn or vase that is dangling above. Looking across the way in the rubble, because you rolled a natural 20, you see a faint glimmer of something metallic that catches the light of the torch occasionally as Yasha moves back and forth. Okay. It looks to be some sort of vase or urn that is dangling from chains about 30 feet up. It's about that tall. The full container. It's like a reddish clay color to it. It looks fairly well made, but nothing ornamental, per se. It's dangling from a chain on each side. The light lifts around it to inspect and reveal its coloration. About a foot, foot and a half. There's not much distance. It's affixed to the ceiling right there. There's no dome in here. You're starting to enter the chamber, and there is no ceiling shapes or anything that resemble the previous chamber you were in. It comes to a-- there is a slight curve to where the-- Correct, and the two alcoves in the sides, the two pillars that are load bearing in the center of the chamber. Correct. It is dangling from the ceiling. Just two chains from the ceiling that are holding it in place. Okay. Fjord, you walk through, the relief on the ground ahead of you. And there is that weird source of metallic reflection that Beau had seen from across the way. Okay. In the final throes of the spell, the source of that metallic shine does give a faint, arcane, magical aura before the spell fades. For that one? It would be abjuration. The alcoves? Okay. You head over to the side alcove. Make an investigation check. 16. You glance up inside, it's about three and a half feet off the ground, and you have to climb and scurry up with your small goblin body. Looking inside, there is another clay urn of the same red color, that's set about a foot and a half inside. The other alcove also contains a similar clay-- As you approach, you can see, buried in some of the rubble, a long brass or bronze rod of some kind. You only see about a foot of it sticking out from under the rubble. You get a little closer and look down at it. It looks like it would be about a half inch in diameter, yeah. On the ground? There's nothing directly below it. You walk up to the faces? You go over and sit over it, and you can see a well carved, robed figure. Male on one side and female on the other, but the same features. Like two sides of the same coin. Similar hairstyle. No coloration to it, but a white marble relief on the ground. The torsos merge and extend on the two sides, and they both sort of look up with the emotionless face. And where the eyes are they are vacant, circular holes about that big. As you get closer and look, where the holes are vacant, its only about maybe a quarter inch deep. So they don't go fully below, they're like a quarter of an inch deep. You come towards the urn. You have to pull it out slightly to look into it because the interior is too hard to see from this point. Okay. Sure. You take your sword and wedge it out. It shifts forward a little bit and you look inside. It looks like there is ash in the urn. It's only about halfway full. Make a perception check. All you see is ash inside the urn. Sure, start shifting some of the rock. Make a strength check. This would be athletics to do this. Athletics, sorry. Okay. You start shifting and pull the rocks off. The rod begins to coil. You start moving it and you pull and manage to pull it free from the stone. Some of the rocks falling down and stumbling to the side. You pull out a four and a half foot long rod that is straight towards the bottom for about a foot and then is in a tight coil to the very top where there is a small metallic knob at the very top. You pull it forth and it vibrates a little from the impact of pulling it out from under the stone, and then it comes to still in your hand. A little bit, very faintly. No. You start swinging it. It makes a (air whipping) sound as you swing it around. Okay. As you go to look in the other urn, you glance over at the urn that Yasha was turned away from, and you see this glowing fire emerge from the urn in her direction. Just this small, glowing orb begin to shift out of the urn right towards her back. You are. You get to make an attack. Go for it. Go for it. Oh shit. And that is a 19 against you Yasha. Okay, do your damage. No saving throw, but you do take 13 points of lightning damage. 28 points of damage. All right. So you actually take no damage, because he was holding his reaction and as soon as it emerges, he fires. You watch as the orb dissipates. The faint, little motes of energy shift and vanish on the outside of the urn. You watch as another one begins to slowly emerge and another begins to emerge from the ceiling. I need you all roll initiative. You got Yasha off to this side, going this way. Nott, you're not too far from there. Molly, you were off to the opposite side to look to the other edge. Caleb, where were you? That's right. So you were over by Yasha. Fjord, you were over by where you found the object. Frumpkin was-- ? Okay. And then Beau and Jester, where are you placed? Right. So that would be this relief right here, by Fjord's. All righty. And you watch as Molly-- actually Molly was making his way over there as this happened. And that one emerged. Another one shifts out of the urn that you just had one emerge from. That Nott has destroyed. It dissipated, then the small motes (fwoosh) back into the urn. So, going for initiative here folks. 25 to 20? Oh wow, all right. So we have Nott and Beau. All right, 20 to fifteen? 17. We got Fjord. All righty. 15 to ten? Jester and Yasha. All righty. Ten to five? Oh, Caleb. All right, the will-o'-wisps rolled a 26 for initiative. Yes. That is the entrance where you walked in from. So for their turn they vanish temporarily. You would know this, but it's different from story to story. It's not necessarily the case here. So the three will-o'-wisps come back into visual range, and one's going to be attacking Molly, one against Nott, and one against Beau. The one against Beau is going to be-- that's a nine. That's a miss on you. It goes wide. There's going to be one attacking you, Molly. That is going to be an 18 to hit. That is eight points of lightning damage against you. Against you, Nott-- that is a 22 to hit. You take 12 points of lightning damage. As these will-o'-wisps reach out and strike you, there's a burst of energy as electricity, strangely, like undead, life-sucking energy, electricity begins to shoot through your body. You feel your muscles tense, your teeth and your jaw clench. And you break away and regain composure for a moment, but they seriously hurt you with a brief gliding by your essence. For the rest of their movement, this one is going to shift around this way. This one is going to go ahead and shift this way. This one is going to go ahead and move right there, to melee move Fjord. All right, first up we have Nott and Beau. It is, yes. 12? Does not hit, unfortunately. You fire towards and it (swooshing sound) just dodges out of the way, completely avoids the bolt, as it ricochets off the stonework in the distance. 15. It manages to arc out of the way of the other one. Both bolts go wide from where its position is, striking the stone. No effect. Nott, are you going to move or stay there for your turn? Yes. Beau, while this is happening, what are you doing? The one right in front of you? All righty, go ahead and roll an attack with that. It should be with your dexterity. You're not proficient with it, but it's still your dex to hit with it. A 12? Okay, that-- pulling out a book here, thank you for your patience, (singing) holy water. That's a ranged attack against the target creature. Yeah, no. You try to smash it, but it ducks out of the way. Because you're smashing it, it doesn't hit the ground and shatter, so you still have it your hand. But you swing with it to try to break it over this entity, and it dodges out of the way. They are very quick. Because it was a ranged attack, sure. It's stretching it a little bit, but I will let it happen. 25 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight points of damage for that one. Nice. You do hit it, but it doesn't take as much damage as you would expect. As you swing toward it, it gives resistance to your fist, and numbs it as you punch through it. It does react to the impact, but it's not quite as impactful as you hoped a swing that strong should have been. You did, kind of-- stinging cotton candy. Does that finish your turn? All righty. Finishing Beau and Nott's go-- Fjord, you're up. I'd say with searching around everything, it's been closer to 45 minutes. Your armor is still up. Sure. There we go. You've hexed it. 15 to hit. You Hex it and as you swing your blade, (swooshing sound) it shimmies out of the way. Its light moves with sudden, rapid haste as soon as you try to strike towards it and dodges the blow entirely. All right. Ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. The one that was near you is going to go ahead and make an opportunity strike against you. It made an attack that doesn't include you, so yeah, technically. All right, so that is an 18 to hit you. All right. And you take ten points of lightning damage. Cold damage, all right. So it takes-- the cold does not seem to impact it as heavily as you would assume. It does hurt it, but it seems to be resistant from a lot of the forms of attacks that you are throwing in its direction. That hits. Roll damage. Another fist punch towards the will-o'-wisp impacts, but doesn't seem to strike as strong as you hoped, but it's still taking damage as it runs past. It shocks out at Fjord as Fjord runs by. Using your Sentinel feat to get your reaction hit off. That ends Fjord's turn. Jester, you're up. That's concentration or not? Okay, I'll pull it up. Sanctuary is not concentration. Against which one? Next to Molly. That's a wisdom save? That is a 23. It ducks out of the way before the Sacred Flame bursts into the air, hitting nothing. You get the sense through all these attacks that these things are very quick. That end your turn, Jester? That brings us to Yasha. With your greatsword-- Reckless attacks? Yeah. Divine Fury? Yeah, that's part of your thing, so all that happens at the same time. Your first attack every round. You roll twice, take the higher of the two. 25 definitely hits. You do the damage from your sword. The greatsword is 2d6 plus your strength modifier, which is three? Plus your rage modifier, which is two? That's plus five to whatever you roll, plus your Divine Fury damage. Whatever you roll, plus five. Ten, plus your Divine Fury. Well, how much radiant damage is that? You rush forward, rage, giant swing down with your blade. You watch this burst of dark necrotic energy come crackling out of the blow. It hits, and you watch as it flickers for a second, and pulls itself back together. It's wounded, but it seems to be shrugging off some of the impact barely. You want to stay where you are? You bonus raged, unfortunately. That's your turn, Yasha? Yes. You're not entirely certain, but you do notice, glancing about, that they seem to be emerging from them. Right. It is. Okay. All righty. You swing wide with your first. 17 does not hit. You swing your blade and it ducks out of the way. These are quick little fuckers! Okay. Swing. 11 is enough. It's a stationary object. So roll damage on it. Eight points of damage. You bring the blade in and strike into the alcove, and as you yank it out with the blade, you cut it halfway through the air. The actual urn bisects, sending ash clouding into the air around you, and you watch as the will-o'-wisp (pfft). The urn clatters to the ground. The top of it breaks, the second half hits with a heavy thud sound that's different from the sound of the clay that shatters on the ground. That finishes your turn? I'll say you have to wait until next round. You reach around and finish that whirling dervish action. Caleb, you're up. All righty. The one in this alcove there that's right across the way? 18 hits, yeah. Roll damage on that one. Seven. That urn explodes on the inside of the alcove as the streaking, hot Scorching Ray slams into the clay, causing the top half of it to detonate. The bottom half of the clay cracks, and the bottom still remains in place, the ash clouding out of it. The one-- This will-o'-wisp flickers out. It had been heavily damaged already, and that amount of scattering of the ash caused it to flicker and disintegrate. The bottom of the urn is still holding itself in place, the top half scattered and broken. That hits. Roll damage on that one. Eight? It shatters and breaks. The ash comes clouding down like the slight drizzle of soft dust and ash. This will-o'-wisp vanishes into the space. As you're three-point landing there, Caleb-- Standing, but hurling a-- (laughter) As you stand there, the explosion behind from the Scorching Ray, as the bottom half of the urn from the ceiling-- (tinging, rolling) All right. And we'll come back to that after our break because it's just after nine o'clock. So we'll take a quick break here and be back here in just a moment, guys. Hold tight. In the meantime, we do have another Wyrmwood giveaway. We have a black poisonwood Hero Vault that we're giving out this time. Nice dark wood one. You can keep your minis, you can keep your dice, you can keep all sorts of things inside the small space here. If all of you want to come over into Twitch chat to enter this, you can only enter the word once. More than once and you will be disqualified. Once again, this is only for US residents and Canadian residents, outside of Quebec. The code word for tonight is "river." So come on over, enter that into the chat, and we'll come back with a winner at the break! We'll see you guys in a minute. [break] You are the most jostiest Jost, and as such, being the most jostest, TheMostJost, you win. Congratulations, we're going to get that black poisonwood Hero's Vault to you, so congrats. The brief burst of adrenaline has begun to fade from your bodies, your muscles tense, slowly beginning to relax. The urn shattered, the chamber now still and quiet. No seeming flickering flame of undead energy or source in the vicinity. What do you want to do? Is that a one? You and Molly are doing this, if I recall, before we entered the break. The base of each urn, the lower half of it, is actually a metal-lined bottom. Looking on the inside, as you scoop out the ash, (blowing) get it to empty the space, you can see, very faintly on the inside of the metal, very faint carvings matching the symbols you have seen in the previous room. Each of the urns has all eight symbols in it. Yes. Roughly. On the faces? Okay. You take two gold coins out, and you place them roughly, and they both fit into the eyes of one face. Okay. As you place them, as soon as they occur in there, the relief opens in half and you fall. Make a dexterity saving throw. That's an eight! That's a reaction. What's the range on that? Yeah, you're fine. Fjord suddenly begins to disappear, the floor going out underneath. This looks of fear comes over his eyes as Nott barely releases the spell in time, and Fjord goes from plummeting to gently falling. You glide down, and you look down below you into the darkness. You descend ten, 15, 20-- About 30 feet down, you see something rapidly coming up below you. Looks like a floor or a surface, though it is somewhat amorphous and jumbled that it looks hard to see any sort of shape to it. Okay. With your low light vision, looking down below, eventually your feet land. It's soft and crunchy as your feet land. You glance down and the smell gets you immediately. It's a heavy smell of decay, of dust, and ash. You look down below and your are sunken into a pile of long-rotting clothing. Occasionally, your foot hits something that cracks, and you can see some charred bones that remain within. Yes. It's about 30-35 feet down. Okay. You take it and tie it off to the side. Yeah. As you-- You hear your name and you look up just as the torch-- You reach up and try and grab it. Catch it, (fumbling). Make an investigation check. 21?! You guys hear the sound of shifting and clattering of material and bone-like objects against each other and the stone side of the chamber. You, Fjord, begin to pour through. You're tugging through the clothing that's here has been slowly rotting over time, the material coming apart. As you pull it apart, you see the tunics and the pantaloons, and all the different pieces of clothing that are in here pull apart almost as your fingers go into it. There's no remaining flesh. The decay smell is not fresh decay. It's old, stagnant, long past sealed decay. As you pull through, you do find some pieces of silver and gold jewelry. They're tucked in pockets of some of this clothing. You can see one skeletal wrist that has this really nice-looking bracelet with a chain that goes around the center finger but the bone is snapped off, and the bone itself is still charred black around most sides. Only a little bit of grayish white peeks through in places as you rub your finger over it. There are some pieces of jewelry here that's probably worth a little bit of money. Because you rolled that high, you also pull through, in one of the pockets, you can see a small leather case about that wide, with the lid that's burnt. As you pull it, it tears off entirely. Looking inside, there's a very thin, diamond shaped vial. You pull it out and shake it. It has a stopper on it that looks either a rubber or a coated cork that is buttoned on one side that is built into the actual crystal container's cap. You watch it, swish around, holding the torch up to it, it has a brackish dark brown/black tint to it like thick sludge pond water. Okay. It is definitely magical. I would say abjuration. You have to identify it to find out. No. It ends here. There is a pit and you finally reached the bottom after pulling through. You've probably gone through about 40 or so equivalent outfits. No. Just the vial that he discovered. If you guys want to take a short rest, about an hour or so to take a moment and take a breather. Use your hit dice. Well, you guys haven't taken a short rest yet. They're taking a short rest. You can go upstairs if you want to. All right, that is a potion of necrotic resistance. Okay. Make an athletics check. Okay. Ten minutes pass. You guys climb back up out of the pit? Okay. You guys head up and join. The rest of them are going to be resting for the next 45 or so minutes. You can join them if you want them to wait for you as well. Okay. You guys complete a short rest as well. Go for it. While you guys are finishing that up, Beau is rummaging through the rubble. You spend about 30 minutes or so, and you maybe get about two feet into the rubble, and you're not sure how far back it goes. A lot of the stones now you're getting to are now too big for you to move. No. The ceiling caved in on that side. All right. You guys have all taken your time to short rest-- Exactly. They're about that big in the bottom, and about a heavy bowl size. So what are you guys doing? So you're taking the rod, and you guys are heading downstairs? Using the bowls as well. Okay. You have the three urn vases. You guys descend the staircase, find your way to the base floor. You head to the hallway where you had previously disabled the traps and carefully step across each threshold without issue, they still remain disabled. You make your way into the central octagonal chamber. What would you like to do? Schmidt appears, unseen. You watch as the rod gingerly drifts over to the center place, slips in, locks into place. Nothing moves. Nothing moves. Molly, you have the bowls right? Beau and Molly head back up the stairs. As you look going through, you see there are a few other stone cages that have been opened and left empty. That is one that has not been removed. Okay, make an investigation check. Does not appear to be trapped. Make a strength check to try and wedge it from the stone it's attached to. (grunting) It's not budging. Your lithe tiefling form is not quite sturdy enough to pull it from the stone. Okay. Yeah, I'll give you that. Make a dexterity check. Finding the proper point of leverage to push on. The metal actually unhinges and the stone plummets out, you catch it. No reaction. Okay, which symbol? Okay. Place it in the middle of the star. The metal bowl sits there, the fine engravings of all the symbols on the inside of each bowl don't seem to react. Okay, you have three bowls, and each bowl contains all eight symbols in the inside, so it's hard to match them per se. The rod doesn't shift. You move it the other way and it comes out, you have to put it back in and lock it into place, but it doesn't seem to shift or move. It's a small little metallic knob at the end. Best you can look at it, it doesn't have any markings on it or anything unique, it's just a solid round knob end. Something like that. You spend a good two minutes shifting on the rod the opposite direction where it locks. No movement. You cast Toll the Dead. The dark arcane energy from Toll the Dead begins to gather around the hand of Jester, and as you release the spell you watch this burst of necrotic energy siphon back and immediately attach itself to the very top of this metallic rod. (cheering) You hear a shifting of stone-- this faint slithering sound begins to fill the chamber. The slithering stops. (booming) You watch as your eyes catch something shift above you. That large square pillar that was locked in the ceiling, that dome underneath it opened up and a strange, translucent, cube-like creature comes descending from the center. I need you guys all to roll initiative. (yelling) (impact) (screaming) All right, guys. So let me pull out the gelatinous cube stat block here. That is a super low initiative. That is a zero initiative for the gelatinous cube. Four minus four. Initiative, 25 to 20. Nice! Caleb coming around, finally. Then Jester. 20 to 15. Yes. 15 to ten? MARISHA and Beau and Yasha. Ten to five? As it slid into the ground, it completely consumed the rod and immediately begins to move its way forward ever so slowly in your direction of the cluster group. That being the case, top of the round we have Caleb, you're first. By the way, where do you want your kitty? Frumpkin. There you go. What are you doing? Over here? All right, so it makes a strength saving throw. Natural one. (cheering) Yep. Yeah, magic holds it in place. Correct, yep, for the spell's duration. One minute. (cheering) This giant cat paw has grasped around and is holding the cube in place, its claws dug into it, made of earth and dirt and stone. Aside from the torch that Yasha has, no. There is, yeah. Yes, they are very gone. Well, the torch has been your main light source since you-- You want Frumpkin to move anywhere? Frumpkin's still back here. Nott is over there. All righty, that ends Caleb's turn. Jester, you're up. No, it is not. It is considered an ooze. That is going to be a three. What's the damage on that? Go for it. Six points of radiant damage. As this flame bursts at the side of it, part of it jello-wiggles for a second. It looked like it hurt it maybe, but it just looks like it's a big gelatinous cube. No, it did not. TALIESIN and Does that finish your turn? All right, end of Jester's turn. Beau and Yasha, you guys are up. Moving into it to assault it? Go for it. That definitely hits. 11 points of damage? So 11 points of damage with your hit as you slam it with the side of your staff. It shivers and shakes at the impact and your staff slides through and barely emerges through the opposite side of it, seemingly closing around and reforming where the gap was carved through. Maybe. All right, so you're going to punch it. SAM, LAURA, and Six damage, all right. As you sock it with your fist, it quakes. As you pull your hand back, your whole hand goes numb. All feeling is lost from almost partway down your arm, and you're like, oh, that's-- You can move around-- All righty. Yasha, you're up. Are you moving in to assault it? Oh, right. Because the-- Still hits. It's not hard to hit. It's a giant, quivering cube. Roll damage. 2d6 plus five plus your 1d6 plus two, I think? 3d6 plus seven. 15 plus two for rage, three for strength, and plus two for your-- 21 points of damage. As you carve through, you actually watch a corner of it slide off and turn to sludge and water on the ground. Your blade cuts through a section of it and (wet wobbling sound). No, it hurt it. No, it's still cubic. You carved through a portion of it. All right, does that finish your turn? All right, so you want to back up a little bit? As you pull back a little bit, it gets one swing at you with a pseudopod. Part of it-- --(sploosh) swings out at you-- yes, it does. You do. LIAM and It rolled pretty well for having disadvantage. That would be a total of 16 to hit. Okay. You take 13 points of acid damage, as it slams into you and begins to burn the skin. Acid damage is not halved, unfortunately. And you strike it? That hits. Roll damage. Six damage? All righty. Yes. You punch with your other hand and now both of your hands are numb and you're like, "Ugh!" Your whole torso, Yasha, is burning, and underneath the burning pain you feel numbness under your chin and your tongue's going a little (lolling). Molly, you're up. Okay, you dash up to its side there. 14 hits! Seven damage, nice. You strike through and the ice crystallizes inside. As you cut through, the liquid and the moisture (shattering) leaves this-- Yeah. Stuck in the inside. So that's one carved through. Right, so it's your one strike. It already used its reaction. You strike and then dart back, jump to the back of the room getting ready for you next round. That finishes Molly's round. Nott and Fjord, you're up. Roll damage on that. Technically, yes, you have Beau. Double dice and then add your dexterity modifier. Shit! Is it half your level, or is it your level? It's damage equal to your level, right? That's an additional four so that's 32 damage. I'm pretty sure it's equal to your level. (laughs) Remember, that's actually your archetype. Regardless, you did a lot of damage to it, so 32 with your level added to it, as you strike it with your crossbow. 30. That hits. Roll damage. 39 points of damage in one round of combat. Not too bad! That ends Nott's turn. Fjord, what are you doing? 25. Right there. 30 will be all the way back. Go for it. That'll hit. Roll damage. 14 points of damage. This thing is just getting hit with crossbow bolts and the blasts on the sides of it. It's taking damage, but it's a hardy mass of slime and gelatin. Indeed. That finish your turn? All righty, it's now the gelatinous cube's turn. It's going to attempt to break free of the large Earthen Paw. Well, it's not disadvantage. That is going to be-- what save? It's a strength check. So that would be plus two, that's a 15. No, it can still move as part of its action. It's going to (squelching). Your cat moved aside. I did that to fuck with you. Its engulf is an action, and it already used an action to break free. But it did move over and you guys basically moved out of the way. It's now right next to both Beau and Jester. It did not. You've already used your reaction anyway. That's going to end its turn. That brings us to the top of the round. That is Caleb. Okay. You can move it? Reaches for one creature it can see within five feet of it. Sure, we'll go for it. DC 15 on what? What's the save on it? Right, strength again. That's a 14 plus two, 16. Okay. Slowly backing away. As you step on that platform back there, you feel it buzz for a second, and nearby you hear this whining of metal against metal as the trap is still broken but waiting. That ends Caleb's go. Jester, you're up. All right. Save on that is constitution? Wisdom save! That is strangely a 14. Oh shit, yeah. 16 minus 2. So no effect. Which way? Towards Fjord? So you're going to back away here? You can. It's going to swing at you with its pseudopod as you move out of its range. That's a natural 20. That's some good rolls in the past couple of rounds. That's going to be-- ooh! 32 points of acid damage. I rolled-- it's 3d6. Six, four, six, doubled. No. Not at the moment. So you are unconscious right next to-- She tried to move away. So it hits you from behind, and the last thing you feel is numbness overtake your body as darkness clouds around your eyes and you are out. I'm sorry. That ends Jester's turn. That brings us to Beau and Yasha. Well, it's your turn. No, because that was happening during-- That's since your last turn. So your reaction has come back now. You don't get an attack, but now you do after this. It's your turn. It did, but you guys have the same initiative round. So you used your reaction on your turn last round to hit it, as she was running away, and now it's reset to this round. Yasha hasn't, no. Yasha ran out of range and hasn't been able to use her reaction to hit since then. That's how you got the attack on it. She ran away and it hit her, and then you got a shot. All right. So you're staying where you are and start-- All right, go for it. 21 hits! Nine points of damage, nice. As you slap it with the side of the bo again, you watch and it buckles in places. That hits, definitely. Still hits. You're punching this thing, and you're watching it quiver and part of it is shifting and it's looking pretty damaged in spite of its size at this point in time, so well done. Yasha, what are you doing? Yes, every turn you can do it. With advantage, because you went reckless. Roll again, just in case. Reckless is good because you have a double chance to critical. Yeah, that's it. 22 damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) You see it being hit by Beau and it's slowly shifting its weight towards the unconscious body of Jester on the ground. You watch it expanding to start pulling her leg inward. As you push it all the way into the center of it, it begins to shake and quiver and begins to slowly encapsulate your arm and forearm as it rises up, and your arm is numb. You shake your head and cut out to the side, and as you do, you watch the side of it splash out, almost like popping a water balloon. The interior of it turns to liquid water and begin to spill out as it slowly deflates and liquefies across the ground, like a jellyfish beached. I'll tell you one thing, that restraint saved your fucking ass at the start! It never got to engulf. Never got a chance to engulf. From the middle of it? No, it turns to liquid gel. One of these days I'll get to put one of you guys in. Actually, I guess I'll leave this here. I'll set it aside. What you didn't notice during this process was the pillar above, the base re-closed. Where are the bowls placed right now? On the symbols in the center? What are you doing? Was it a regular healing potion? 2d4 plus two. You guys head out past the traps, carefully stepping across the currently-held traps and you have the bowls in the far hallway. Which is? Necromancy. You're casting? Okay. Which is evocation. You guys all cast your spells. No effect on the bowls. It's hard to see because there's still the ash caked on the inside of it. It's very hard to see with very little light in here. Make an intelligence check. 20? Very good. There is something bugging you in the back of your head. Something that says the fact that these were urns that carried ash speaks to the purpose of these. You can't make the connection here, but the fact that each of these were filled with ash is bugging you. There's something there. They're totally empty, yes. The ash has been mostly cleaned out. Yeah, you have your torch, and you have your spells. You cast Firebolt into one of them. The flame bursts in there as you guys take the torch over to the side. As the fire subsides, you see each of the symbols, portions of them are left glowing and slowly fade. All of them. All the symbols have certain parts of them that just glow for a second in the presence of fire and then fade. Who's going to hold the bowl? You take the bowl, and you hold it out there. It hurts a little but as you hold the torch underneath, it begins to light up. You watch as the symbols begin to glow on the inside of these metal inscribed bits. (flames) Mark your damage on that. As you guys are triangulated around those specific coordinates you've set yourselves, what do you do? All right. You're casting--? As the three of you complete your incantations, the energy unleashed from the arcane and divine schools of magic, you watch as the energy disperses from the spell, and all three go (sucking sound) right into the center rod. It sits there shimmering from the impact. You guys back away, and it slowly goes cold again. On the opposite side of the chamber, you hear (grinding), and you watch as a false wall on the opposite end rotates open, leading you to a hallway on the opposite side that was previously closed. (cheering) You still got it for an hour. While he's doing that, anybody else doing anything? Looking inside, with what low light is coming through from the edges of Yasha's torchlight, the first thing that hits you is the smell. It's a strange combination of old decay, strong rust, and burnt hair. It's hard to describe, but it's a very unpleasant mingling of smells as it hits you. Looking inside, you see a chamber ahead divided into three smaller sections and a center main chamber area. The center main chamber area is what you can most make out the details of. It looks like some sort of inert arcane circle in the center. There's a symbol drawn there with runes around, but it's currently cold and dark. You can't see much further beyond that because you're staying at the doorway, and to the right and left it looks there's two smaller chambers immediately, and then it goes further in. The torchlight extends into the chamber, and you can see a little more now. The two side chambers are almost pill-shaped. They're rounded at each side, and they're enclosed, but open into the center chamber. At each of these rounded edges, as you step inside and glance to the right and left, you can see cage-like contraptions iron domes that are very tight-knit, dark iron rusted metal. They're on the edges of each side. You see load-bearing pillars in the center of the chamber to the right and left, and cold braziers behind those against the walls little domed pieces of stone that once contained flame for light. Across the way you can see two tables with chairs, a bookcase. That's all you can see at this distance. They're bars, but the bars are an inch, inch and a half between each. It's very little space in between. Are you entering the chamber to look? Go ahead and make an investigation check. Best you can tell, there's no traps in this first portion of the chamber. Okay. How drunk are you right now? We'll put you in the drunk status, then. Yasha, you enter with the torch as well? All right, the three of them enter. You guys following behind or are you staying back with Caleb? Regular healing potion? 2d4 plus two. It's better than half. As you guys begin to enter the chamber, you are now stepping into the center of this inert magical circle, with the two cold braziers and the pillars. You see the four cages on the two opposite ends of the rounded, pill-shaped side rooms, and across the way there is the bookcase and the two tables. As you get closer and see, there's two non-lit candelabra. What faint bits of candle remnants are there are mostly melted, and the wax dripping off and causing small pools in the ground, but they've been cold for some time. Perception check. You glance through with the light that's flickering through the various gaps in this iron cage, and inside you can see a similar clay urn, deep red, sitting in the center. You see burnt and tattered clothing at the sides of it. You glance-- make a perception check. You finish your ability. Your Detect Magic is now in effect. Glancing into one of the far end cages-- What did you get, Yasha? You guys hit two other cages on the right side, both the far end close edge of that platform. You're looking in the small cages. You see another urn, and you glance up and see at the very top, there's a chain of some kind that was wrapped in a noose. You see the urn that contains the ash down within, there are remnants of ash around the outside in a circle, and bits of cloth and material, and this chain noose hanging above where this urn was. Make an arcana check. You guys can move to the opposite end if you want to get closer to the table. Looking at the inert circle, it looks like-- You have an instinctual arcane knowledge that's been imparted upon you by whatever this gift has been given to you, so the knowledge comes to you. It's alien but familiar at the same time, and your brain's trying to work through this disconnect. This circle looks like it was once developed to be a teleportation circle, but has since, it seems, been scarred and closed. Caleb has now finished and you guys can enter the chamber. How close do you want to get? There's two tables, both kitty-corner into the further chamber. Yeah, I told you, a couple times. You finished your spell. Yes, currently it looks like Jester and Yasha are in between that space. They're both equidistant. There's a very faint magical aura from the symbol in the center, but it seems largely clouded and marked off. It's like somebody had taped over a blacklit drawing. It's been marred and prevented from use, from what it seems at the moment. Yes, there is. And just to be consistent, here. It is conjuration. There is a very faint magical essence, straight ahead. As you focus and lean forward, it becomes a little stronger. Above the bookshelf, there is a shape, embedded in the wall, that is emitting a slight magical aura. Above the bookshelf, you don't have quite enough light, and Yasha's holding the torch that's being cut off from the roof. As you approach, the bookshelf is mostly empty. Similar to the first chamber you went to, it looks like either everything in here was taken or destroyed. Most of the bookshelf is plain empty with broken pieces, and tattered bits of paper, and no books present on the shelf at the moment. That you see on the shelf as you close in to look at it. As you climb the shelf and look up, above the bookshelf there is, placed ornamentally on the wall, a very wide blade, longsword of some kind is bolted onto the wall as an ornamental display. 19. Best you can tell, there's no trap. Okay. It takes you a moment, because it's bolted in. The blade comes free, and you pull back on it you begin to, "Whoa!" off the side. You guys catch Jester. She plummets off of the bookshelf. You manage to trust fall her, if you will, as she falls from the top. It is a heavy-looking blade. The hilt of it is gold and curls up to the side. It is all these tiny runes inscribed along the edge. The central blade is thick. It's about that wide at the side and slowly tapers to the edge. None of you come from a specific blacksmith background, so you wouldn't know the purpose of the blade, but it looks dangerous. Yeah, it's about six feet long. The tables, by the way, that are right next to the bookshelf, have writing utensils, quills on the side, one has an inkwell that has been long dried over that has a spider web attached to it. Make an investigation check. You don't notice any paper, but as you glance underneath one of the tables, on the bottom it looks like one book has been not taken, or at least had fallen beneath and was left behind. I heard it! It was like (deep thud) on the table. The book, as you pull it out, a corner of it is burned pretty heavily. Correct. There's no magical source from it. Where you found it, there's a bit of an ash trail that leads back towards the far wall, towards where one of the braziers is. You get the sense that maybe whatever was in here may have been thrown in the braziers to burn and this book got discarded or thrown. You open and start looking through the pages. What languages do you know? It would be under proficiencies, probably. Oh, it's not? Okay. You do not recognize this script. As you finish casting the spell, Caleb's hand incantation completes, the eyes light up with a strange yellowish energy. All the words on the page that previously made no sense suddenly shift, go out of focus, and come back into focus in a language that you can understand. It is Draconic. Reading through briefly, and it is scribblings, disjointed and broken in place. Taking a moment to look through, you get the sense this is the journal of somebody named Siff Duthar. Siff. S-I-F-F. Duthar. The pages, the ramblings speak of a coming war. They talk about foolish pawns who follow their gods to annihilation. They speak of the armies of Ghor Dranas washing over the land and pauper and kings alike being saved not at all and being placed on a pike and held like a banner into battle regardless of who they are. They speak of the weakness of flesh and the need to endure beyond the paltry life shell that we're given. It talks about experiments with refugees, finding if the soul is bound to the flesh in any form, be it ice or ash. It speaks of an obsession with avoiding the eternal hunger of The Crawling King, he who tunnels beneath the world and will find him. It speaks of a bounty hunter, who had infiltrated this sanctum after Siff. And while it cost Siff his legs, the hunter was burned into the brazier, flames of erasure. A trophy shall be taken and displayed as a warning. From there, it grows more and more manic. The scrawlings taking you a moment, even with the spell, to focus and make it out. Speaking on quaking within the earth around that shakes the surrounding hills and darken the sky. The betrayer gods come. The power of man must remain. The arcane gifts must bypass their punishment, show them that they are not above their creations. The final notes grow even more paranoid, worried that the secrets that Siff seeks will fall into the hands of Ghor Dranas and that all must be destroyed. All must come to ash and from the ashes, shall rise again. That's the final page before the rest of the book is charred beyond recognition. I can. As you guys are having this conversation, you begin to notice, as you're yelling and talking, your breath is now visible in the air, the temperature growing colder and colder still. You, looking past the chamber towards one of these urns, you see a very faint light, a flicker within where the ashes are. As this happens, the center circle of the chamber begins to glow darker and darker as a shadow begins to emerge from the center of the chamber. Shifting out of the ground, some sort of whipping cloak around a humanoid figure rises out made of pure shadow and darkness. The cloth is tattered and shifting around causing this horrible whipping sound like a wind is blowing extremely intensely, but only localized around this figure. As the face is visible, you see this ghastly flesh-stretched against the skull that's still made of dark gray matter that begins to shift and move with the shadows around it. The voice, (rasping) "Now secrets are yours." We'll pick up there next week. (yelling) We have a week to think about it. You guys were all towards the bookshelf and the tables. It emerges from the center area near the circle, not from the center of the circle, but in that vicinity. He wasn't emerging, he wasn't teleporting in. He was rising out the ground while Molly's off by one of the cages on the side. You did. Yeah. You and Molly are both at the other corners. You guys were sent here to-- This is a game of choices, guys. Figure out what your choices are for next week. On that note, well done, guys! If it wasn't already 1038, we could continue. I know. But depending on what you do, could TPK real fast. No. Thank you guys so much. Thank you for watching and tuning in. Don't forget the awesomeness with 826LA. Archer season nine, D&D Beyond, all our fantastic sponsors. Pillars of Eternity II, we're super excited about that and the new comic. Check all that stuff out. Things to hold you over until next week, at the very least. Thank you so much for watching. Have a wonderful night and a wonderful week and is it Thursday yet? Good night!