Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episodes of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons! We have returning this week our fantastic guests, Ashly Burch and Sumalee Montano. They've been amazing, we're excited to have them back, and going to see what this next adventure of the story's going to have. Before we get to that, we have some announcements to get through, beginning with our fantastic sponsor and friends at D&D Beyond. Sam? Thank you, Sam! I hope that was as useful to you folks as it will never be to any of us. Thank you to D&D Beyond for being our awesome sponsor. Onto the next bit of business. For those who haven't seen the announcement we had today, we are headed to London MCM Comic Expo in October, actually. October 27th and 28th, Critical Role will be in London! Super excited about that. We're looking forward to meeting a lot of you European Critters out there. We've been trying to get an opportunity to go over there for a while, so glad we finally have the chance to come and hang out with you folks across the pond. You can go to critrole.com for details on it, and we look forward to seeing you then. Also, as a reminder for next week, we will not be broadcasting an episode next Thursday. Instead, we'll be doing a live broadcast Friday evening from Indianapolis. It will be airing, this is Friday, August 3rd, at 900pm Eastern time, that's 600pm Pacific. So it'll be an hour earlier than what you are used to, but it'll be our live show at the Murat Theater in Indianapolis. Super excited about that. It's going to be crazy. It's going to be absolutely nuts. Other than that as well, we have up on our YouTube channel now the VOD of our Vox Machina character buildout for Pillars of Eternity Did you really? I think you should, that surprised me. I've never really done a live stream of just myself playing a video game before, so that was very new experience for me. Thank you for your patience. Go check it out if you want to. Be sure to check out the Beast of Winter DLC for Deadfire is coming out soon. You can pick up the game at versesevil.com/criticalrole, and it's a fun one, so check it out if you haven't yet. Reminder that we do our Wyrmwood giveaways during the breaks, and they're going to be happening over here at the Critical Role Twitch chat, so I'll prompt you when we come to our mid break today, but we need you to come over to the Critical Role chat to enter the giveaway, and then head on back to Geek & Sundry, or wherever else you're watching. That'll be at twitch.tv/criticalrole. Talks Machina, our after show discussion about what happens this week will be happening next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific, here on the Geek & Sundry Twitch and Alpha, where our fantastic host Brian W. Foster interviews us, and makes us feel a little better about ourselves after the chaos the previous week had. That was the subtext I was going to go into, but I'll leave that for you, Sam. I believe that's all I have-- It's true! So we're not barraging the audience. Yeah, essentially, yeah. If you are curious about any merch stuff, we do have some new merch coming up at GenCon. You can go check it out at critrole.com for all the details. We've got some other fun surprises for folks that are coming, too. Anyway, much love, I think it's time-- That we dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] They are the worst. You went and had a discussion at the Estate Sybaritic with Ophelia Mardun, of whom you were sent by The Gentleman to interface with and do a deed for her a little over two weeks ago. There it seemed that the intent of your job placed here in this city has aligned with your current goal of freeing your friends and seeking vengeance against the Iron Shepherds, as they currently work for a competitive family to the Mardun house, and in response to them destroying parts of the trade route that the Mardun family enjoys through the center and southern sides of the empire, they wish you to instill damage upon their traders as well, by eliminating the Iron Shepherds. You were given some ideas as to where you might find some help, you gathered your things, made your way north into the seemingly corrupted and haunted Savalierwood, to seek information about these Iron Shepherds and where they are. You narrowly avoided two large, immensely mutated, bone-spurred bear creatures. You sought out and cased the exterior of the Sour Nest, which is the fortress that was given to the Iron Shepherds by the family that pays them and keeps them in their employ. You decided to send your new druid friend, Nila, in the form of a small mouse, over the wall, delivery via owl. She snuck through some portions of the fortress to gather intel, and to get an idea of where you were going and what may reside within. A few close calls, and some discovery of what can be expected within the interior, you made your way back, safely, to join your friends. Upon accidentally spooking one of the outer guards who were walking the perimeter of the wall that surrounds the Sour Nest, you immediately picked up what you had, fled south, back through the Savalierwood, on your way to Shadycreek Run to look for means of possibly finding more help for this endeavor when nightfall hits, and whatever else you can do to prepare for the necessary evacuation of your allies. And that's where we left off. Mighty Nein, as you've charged back through the purplish-gray corrupted Savalierwood, the midday sun barely visible through slight peaking cracks through the canopy above you, leaping and hearing these large growling sounds and hoots, you beeline it as best you can, and as quickly as you can, before you breach into the outskirts of the northern side of the North Clover area. You're now between some of the nearby buildings, and you immediately begin to see some of the relatively shady denizens of this north side of Shadycreek Run that glance over their shoulder, their hooded selves watching you as you pass. You slow your gait, as you are no longer fleeing, per se, but you have made your way back to the town. What would you like to do? At this point it would be midday, a little bit in the afternoon. Yes, The Grunge Gang-- The Grudge Gang, which the Taskers are a part of it. Grudge. Vice versa. The Grudge Gang is the overarching, loose network of mercenaries that sell swords and do not affiliate directly with any of the other political powers. They're all just outside of the system within the town. The Taskers are a small subsect of the Grudge Gang that have taken it upon themselves to keep the peace to a certain extent. Well, you don't know. You've had some experience here. The Taskers, best that you can surmise, you haven't had a lot of dealings with them, they are probably in the neighborhood of 30 to 35 people. They are not a massive group by any means, and they're stretched a little thin, but because a lot of them have friends within the Grudge Gang, and people they've worked with before, they can usually call upon friends if need be, especially if they have some coin to their side and they have a specific endeavor they need to do. Wait. Correct. It's mostly stone. There's elements of wood from a decoration standpoint, but for the most part, it's a stone structure. Lorenzo, felled by a brown recluse! Well that's our next merch piece there. Nope! They may have it there, yeah. You haven't had to acquire gold dust before, but if you were to ask around, you could see if there's some place in the vicinity that might carry it. 130 gold. Travel on foot is about roughly four to six hours depending on how well you can make your way through the terrain. It's like two in the afternoon, yeah. Yeah, she mentioned a Blooming Grove. You've not necessarily heard of The Blooming Grove. Roll a history check, actually. That's not too bad. You've vaguely heard of The Blooming Grove, but it's not referred to that very often. It's more referred to do as The Bone Orchard. Yeah, you haven't been there, but from what you know, it's this strange, ancient gravesite that's been on the outskirts of town, a few miles out, since before the town was built. From what you know, from what you've heard, everyone thinks they're strange, creepy hermits and possibly witches. No one really goes there. Some folk in here tend to put on the air of not being superstitious, but the Savalierwood carries a lot of superstition with it. Some folks, while they may play it off, still seem to get a little nervous about delving too deep into it. You have no idea. Pushing past two to three in the afternoon. Four to six hours depending on how well you travel. That's walking. Your horse isn't going to go any faster than you in the middle of this very clustered forest. There's no path that leads to it. All right. Everyone has their Fitbits attuned? First off, what's your marching order, please? You can take them with you. Because it's like a thick wood. Okay. Who's up front? Who's in the back? Who's guiding what? It depends. Whoever wants to guide this will be taking the survival checks to lead you through. So who wants to be making-- That's a good call. Who's behind or near Caleb? All right, so Keg's holding up the back. Beau in the middle? There you go. I'll put Frumpkin there, next to-- okay. Taking this moment now, you begin to head back away from Shadycreek, and helming this group of ragtag adventures you've under your wing. You tread into an area of the Savalierwood you've not traveled before hoping that your instincts, your smell bag, and the spirit of what nature has managed to maintain itself through this corrupted wood could guide you properly to your destination. I need you to make a survival check, please. Ten, okay. You still have your Luck feat if you want to, unless you want to save it. You have two more points left. One more Luck point. 24, okay! Not only do you swiftly manage to find the portions of the wooded paths that are least blockaded by thorny brambles and fallen half-rotted trees, but you also manage to help the party avoid a few small openings that look uniquely and uncomfortably welcoming. In the midst of a wood like this, you know from your experience as well, that it is not always a good idea to step where it seems most inviting, when you know the wood around you to be less so. As you crest around the second of these open groves, you notice how the ground itself seems to shift slightly, and you watch as for a moment it seems to almost pit as elements of the dirt suck inward. You know the antlion funnels that appear in the sand and begins to come in towards them. The ground almost seems to sink in for a second before righting itself. The grove stands flat once more, but thankfully, due to the survival instincts of your firbolg leader, you manage to careen past two of these patches without issue. Pushing on at a fairly intense speed, within three and a half hours, not even the full four-- You manage to make your way to an area where the color notably changes ahead of you. The somewhat still purple-gray color that suffuses most of the natural landscape within the Savalierwood, gives way to a patch of green in the distance. This is the first sign that calls forth that warm sensation you got when you had checked this path within your smell bag. As the rest of you begin to gather up behind Nila, the closer you get you begin to watch as these winter trees, that comprise most of this northern forest, give way to green oaks and swamp-based plant life. The temperature, as you get to a certain threshold, begins to be not quite as biting cold, slightly warmer with each step. Looking around immediately, the first thing that catches your eye is this large wall of tangled vine and thorns. The same purplish-gray color. The green is still ahead of you. Do you guys want to continue on? Anything you want to do? It looks like a natural wall that curls up about five or so feet. In your way, yes. Make a perception check. A little ways off it seems to dip a bit. Maybe about 100 feet or so to the northern side of it. You've been traveling northwest to reach this part of the forest. You can see over it a bit, as there's only about five or so feet most places. As you get a little bit closer, you can see areas where these tangle of vines are pulled apart or have entirely enclosed, and you see long-rusted, wrought iron bars, a fence of some kind. A boundary that was placed long ago, that has since been slowly taken back by nature. You then begin to see that area of the wall that you had noticed, Nott, that had seemed to be bending, and the vines have actually curled over and bent it downward. It seems that whatever this little section of the forest is-- whatever protective magics that once contained this outer vicinity have begun to give in to the corruption of the Savalierwood. Okay, make a perception check for Frumpkin with advantage because it is still in the owl form. Frumpkin darts up, jumping from tree edge to tree edge, gliding through. There are numerous layers of similar walls. Three different layers, looks like. Whereas the outskirts or the perimeter of this beautiful, protected, ancient gravesite that once held this corruption at bay has slowly collapsed inward, and a new boundary is placed. Then that boundary has fallen. As the corruption pulls in further, a new boundary is built. That third boundary now seems to be in the process of giving in, just like its previous constructs. Within this third area, you can see not just a lack of snow, or ice, or the winter chill, but a nearly humid summer warmth, something more akin to the southern tip of the Empire or even Menagerie Coast. It is an unexpected and extreme shift in temperature and weather. There is something unnatural, or at least magical, that maintains this little pocket of untouched paradise. There you can see small pools, bits of bog where the soft green and browns of compost fall into green, thick, algae-covered bits of water. You can see dozens and dozens of stone tablets, about a foot to two feet high, with bits of script across them, too far to see, that have partially fallen or leaning. At which point Frumpkin looks around and this entire area, from the outer very edge where that first perimeter wall was found, to the inside has all been graves, most taken back by the Savalierwood as it slowly crushes whatever this location is at its source. On the far end, towards the core and the back-- the northern side of this final, defending pocket of uncorrupted forest-- you can see a stone building, maybe 20 by 30 feet, built as an old stone steeple. It stands windowless, open, and the floor of it to each open window overgrown with green vine and leaf. Frumpkin is about 100 to 150 feet from you. Yeah. Frumpkin begins to return, and a passing of one of the clouds gives more sunlight that breaks through what was previously a very dense, gray sky. As the light passes between the small breaks in the tree canopies, the green comes to light with color, numerous types of color. A rainbow of flowers, of pigments you've never really seen before, begin to emerge as the light hits it. Nearly every inch of these gravesites contain a smattering scatter of rainbow colors across petal and stamen. You saw maybe a few frogs, small natural creatures that exist within this space, but nothing that would resemble a human yet. It seems still. SAM and You can certainly try. The areas where the fence has been pushed in is between five to six feet in places, areas where it seems to be pushed down lower to about four to even three and a half. Yeah. You guys could attempt to climb and leap over. Elements of it are thorned and jagged. Make an investigation check. That's fair. It takes you a few minutes and you find a couple of softer pieces of branch and vine that have fallen to the corruption. It's interesting; you touch them and they're supple like vines, but they're gray and freezing to the touch. It's a very weird, unnatural feeling, but it seems supple. Make a nature check. You've studied and seen, within the vicinity of where you grew up and where your clan had raised you and your children, numerous types of disease and natural means of plant life succumbing to illness or an outside force. What you can tell is that this is not natural. This is not some naturally formed blight. There is some much older and much more powerful latent reasoning for this corruption. You lean them up against it and slowly they bow over. All right. Make a perception check. As you carefully place your hands across the elements of vine and root, you manage to keep a keen glance for any sort of bladed, thorned, or hooked elements that protrude from the local fauna. You manage to avoid any of them from catching your coat, catching your flesh, and step, leaping over to the opposite side without issue. You're just going to dash over? Make an acrobatics check. Caleb has shown areas, as he passed over, where you can safely climb. The rest of you don't need to make checks. Nott ignores this entirely and goes leaping and flipping and attempting to make her way over. The actual fence bends slightly at the impact of foot, the iron beneath having wilted due to long-form rust and whatever perpetual weight has been placed upon it from this land attempting to reclaim it from underneath. Nott leaps, double flip in the air, lands on the opposite side, skids a bit as your feet hit a slight bit of the icy floor, but you manage to catch yourself, no issue. Each of you make your way over this element of the forest, continuing on past the next two boundaries, eventually making your way into the central area of the Blooming Grove. The term now striking a bell as you look around and can see these beautiful flowers as the sun rays hit and pass. It's like the color flares up once the light hits it and then seems to gray as it passes on. You now stand, temperature much warmer, and there's just that stone structure ahead. From where you're standing on the interior of it, about 40 or so feet. Make an investigation check. Looking through, there are a few languages that come through, most of them are elven and they are very old. Some of them appear to be 100, 200, 400-500 years old. Whatever individuals or families or bloodlines have been interred in this space have been placed here for a very long time, until recently. You do see one that appears to be maybe about ten years old. Very faint elements of wear and tear. The name on that one would be Elvish and it would be Tyriel Casala. Casala. She knows Elvish, but she doesn't really speak it often, so the pronunciations get a little weird. There is a door, yes. The door itself is maybe four feet wide, it's a single door. It's an old wood-- the bottom half of it is green with growing moss and other bits of vegetation that are set in to the relatively damp wood that it's constructed from. The top seems to be split and warped a little bit over time due to the moisture in the air. Okay, make a stealth check. Make a perception check. Best you can see, no. It's pretty well made. The walls and the roof all appear to be made from stone. There are windows. You can only really see the front and right side of it, the southeast side of it from your perspective-- there is a single window. It is an arched window that looks like it may have been built at one point to hold glass or stained glass, but it is no longer there. You can see the soft, jungle-like flora at the base of it has swooped up and grown over and into the interior of the structure. Best you can tell from this distance, there is no visible light immediately inside, but there is a bit of natural light that is coming in through the open space. Sure, roll a stealth check. Okay. You begin to dart across the open space, dodging through gravestones and as you're passing one of them, there is a bit of a thorned vine that catches the back of your cloak. It pulls taut before you get yanked on your neck, slip back, and Nott slams on the ground giving a little sound. There's a brief pause, all of you hold in silence hearing a distant bird that goes quiet, the wind passing through the trees. You hear the wooden door begins to slowly open as a shaded figure steps beyond the frame. Taliesin, if you want to step in. (cheering) Would you like to describe what they see emerge from this small stone temple? Okay. Make an insight check. 19? There doesn't seem to be any threat at the moment. You actually have not. You would have no idea. It's a chitinous-looking metal breastplate that has a somewhat pearlescent turquoise green-blue tint to it that seems to shift in the light. All right. Making your trek back to the forest. Are you helming this as well? Caduceus, are you wanting to help? Or Nila, I think, is asking for your help in fording this forest, as you have a little more experience. So make your survival check with advantage. 14 and a 14. It's up to you guys. (arrow whizzing away) Go ahead and roll damage. Well, you double the dice that you rolled. You take 16 points of piercing damage, Beau. Okay, go for it. Roll a d10. I think so. Is that what it says right there? It goes for right underneath where the clavicle and the neck meet and catches it right there. That's right! You have to roll to attack. Go ahead and roll damage on that one. What happens is you pull back to fire, and as it gets ready to go ahead and extend it looks like another bolt slips up into it accidentally and it fires two in a row. Beau catches one and is like "Ugh, ow!" and there's a second one that's jammed right into the space between two ribs. Yeah, it's a d8 plus your wisdom modifier. The wound seems to close as you watch this-- You go up by six. You watch as this bright red-pink colored lichen, mossy material, seems to come out of the wound and close it and then turn gray, break away, and crumble off. Where it is, the wound seems to have closed and healed over, like weeks of healing have gone by. In making your journey back toward Shadycreek Run, the sun does set part way through your journey. The forest goes dark, nearly pitch black. Now, I believe all of you but Caleb have some sort of darkvision. At this point, the crickets start coming out very loudly, the distant sound of skittering and animal movements through brush and dry leaves catch the outside of your peripheral. You manage to stop every now and then, as Nila puts her hand up, listening and smelling for anything nearby. Are you guys continuing at a fast pace, or are you attempting to be stealthy? That's true. Are you guys heading back to Shadycreek, or are you heading straight to the Sour Nest? It'll add an hour or so to go into Shadycreek. Essentially this is Shadycreek Run at the bottom of the forest and you've traveled, from your perspective, far northwest to get to the area where you met Caduceus. You're now heading back down and the Sour Nest is on the northeastern side of the city, just outside of it, so you have to scoot and ricochet off. No, you could go straight to it through the forest, but it depends on what you want to do. If you're going straight there or if you're wanting to skim through Shadycreek, it's your choice. The sun set. With that roll you made, you'll be arriving at Shadycreek Run at about 1000pm. Okay, so you head straight to The Sour Nest? All right. Over the next couple of hours, you make your way, scooting as opposed to the more southern direction you were traveling, heading eastward. Carefully making your way on the outskirts of the northern side of North Clover of Shadycreek Run, I need you all to make stealth checks. Disadvantage for you, Keg, unfortunately. Okay. Roll a wisdom check. Wisdom check. You bend in quietly, placing your hand against one of the nearby trees, the bark being cold and somewhat soft from the moisture of the snow that had melted from the day before. You feel the oppressive sense of the central nature that encompasses the Savalierwood give way ever so faintly. Best that you can tell, he's not a "leave no man behind" type individual. He is not. He's definitely a fan of an eye for an eye. Stealth checks. Okay. Thanks to you speaking with nature, I am ignoring one of the lowest stealth rolls. Even still, you approach the outskirts of The Sour Nest. The clouds of the night are broken here and there, the very darkened night occasionally broken by the errant moonbeam that manages to sweep through the open grove where this fortress was built. The canopy itself cleared out, leaving it open for the occasional peek of white through the clouds. The same perimeter wall you see being slowly trained across by two guards dressed in the same hooded attire as those that you previously saw. As you saw as well bringing the three carts northward from the Glory Run Road. As you begin to approach, Keg, unfortunately, manages to step on a hornet's nest. It crunches under your foot, and, for a brief second, you inhale very sharply knowing this familiar sound-- This is not the first hornet's nest you've stepped into. Thankfully, a moment passes, no hornets. It was abandoned and had fallen from a tree. However, you do hear a voice on the wall say, "Hello?" About 70 feet from you. (hoots) "Oh, there you are again, you sucker." He's going to raise a crossbow again. That is a 13 to hit. What is Frumpkin's armor class as an owl? That is four points of piercing damage to Frumpkin. How many hit points does the owl have? So it's five? This owl takes a crossbow bolt to the chest, and is like (flapping). You hear the same voice go, "Fucking hell! What-- Phil! I fucking shot an owl, it's still flying! I hate "this forest! It's bullshit!" You hear this voice a little further away go, "(laughing) You suck!" He's like, "Shut up!" Loads another bolt into it and starts-- You see now is actively looking for the owl to finish it off and regain his pride. Make a perception check with advantage. Yeah. 18? Okay. Hearing the two men banter back and forth a little bit, the errant prodding that Phil seems to be giving to this individual. Beyond that, there's the crickets in the air, there's other nocturnal birds that are starting to rouse from their slumber to go hunting for the night. From the direction of The Sour Nest, Frumpkin glances up and can see, on the second floor, there are two openings you had seen previously on the second floor of this fortress, on each side, and there appears to be a very faint bit of firelight, and a shadow that passes by one, the other, so there is somebody moving on the second floor of this-- Of the inside of it, yes. All right. Very wounded, but alive. Frumpkin happily eats from the goodberries. Yeah, the wounds close slowly, the magic of the goodberries healing the crossbow bolt over eventually. I'd say at this point it's close to 1030. The wall is about 12 to 15 feet. It's not terribly tall. It's about five feet wide. You do know, from previously looking over it, that they've cleared out the forest about ten feet from the outer wall specifically to prevent anyone from climbing over into the space. They are, yes. Okay. You guys wait an hour to get into position. Okay, you keep an out, and you do watch as the two of them-- They're not perfectly in line with each other, and the second floor of the complex does block their vision of each other when they are on complete opposite sides of the wall. But sometimes one of them will be faster than the other, and they'll yell to the other, and they'll go see each other from the opposite sides. How far is Beauregard from you right now? You do know, from the time that you've spent here, that there is no point in which the place is unguarded from the wall. Meaning there are shifts. The perimeter sentinels that you see currently, there are usually two sets that switch off. There is, but you're not entirely certain when it was. You weren't really paying attention. It's a lot of armor. You guys can take a short rest. And you watch. Mercifully, depending on your intent, the clouds break for a while and you have a clear, starry, moonlit sky overhead that manages to create a rim-light on both the wall, the structure, and the two guards. And you wait. And you wait. And we're going to take a break. We'll come back here in a second. At this point, might as well put the fortress out there, so that'll be waiting for you when you come back. You finally found him! We're going to go to break here for a bit, but we have our giveaway at the break! For our fantastic giveaway tonight, we have the purpleheart hero vault with the Celtic knot design on it, which is really pretty. It's magnetized; open it up and you can put your dice; you can put your miniature in there. I'll be giving this away at the end of the break, so hop on over to the Critical Role chat on Twitch. That's twitch.tv/criticalrole and enter the key word once. More than once and you'll be disqualified. The keyword tonight is "stronghold." One word stronghold. All you people in the U.S. and Canada, excluding Quebec, throw that into the chat and we'll come back with a winner as soon as we return. See you in a few minutes! [break] A little late on the draw there, but that worked out. That was awesome. Welcome back, everybody! Before we jump into this, we have our winner of the fantastic purpleheart hero vault. That's going to be Elmosdaddy. Congratulations, Elmosdaddy! We'll get your information and get that out to you ASAP. To give you a little bit of a visual representation of the size of the base of the fortress. That's what you see within the interior of the courtyard. The wall itself resides probably about out here. This is inside the wall. Above that, still-- There's a second floor. The second floor sits right about there. To give a little bit of perspective on that. The black dots on the outside, by the way, are where the windows are visible on the stone. You guys are currently divided on opposite ends of the outer wall watching the two guards slowly move their way around the perimeter. Not yet. All righty. No. No windows in the bottom floor. There is a front double door, and there is a single door in the back that you know leads into a kitchen. It's a pretty big spider. That's a four or five hitter. Shortly after midnight, you watch as two figures ascend from the inside of the wall climbing up different ladders that mark the entrance and exit. They both interface in a brief conversation, hushed voices, and then relieve the two previous guards, who then descend down on the inside of the courtyard via those same ladders and disappear into The Sour Nest fortress. So there has been a guard changeover now. It's past midnight, pushing one in the morning. What would you like to do? Much like how you spend a moment with your smell bag, you watch as Beauregard seems to focus into this strange, vibrant pink satchel or shoulder bag that Caleb has been carrying. About a minute passes before Beauregard pulls back away, this strange trance passing over her. Seven to seven and a half feet. Unfortunately, you guys are on the opposite sides of this. Yes? The two groups would be probably on the outskirts of the wall here and here. Quite a distance. About 120 feet. We'll say you can manage to adjust yourselves to get within range. Make a perception check. (yawns) Pardon me. One of them is human, though maybe 5 1/2 feet tall. The other, because of the moonlight that's coming through, you have a better perspective on him, even at this distance, you guess probably half-elven or just a very thin human. A little over 6-foot. So you have a 6-foot one and one that's 5 1/2 feet. Battle-optimal position. SAM and First, I need you to make a stealth check because you're having to move right up against the wall. This is a ten-foot clearing. Both of you guys roll stealth checks. It is a plus ten to stealth check. What's your total? Yeah. No, you have one because you used one last game. It's a long rest to come back. So 15 and 20? You're throwing a javelin and you're firing. You both run up to the wall. You go ahead and hoist up, hanging on the edge right there. Walks past, doesn't seem to have noticed the both of you. SUMALEE and Rolled a six on his perception. Would you both make your attack rolls, please? Because you are unseen, you have advantage on the attack. That just hits. It was with advantage. Roll again just in case you want to crit. No, not at all. Let's roll your sneak attack damage and double it on top because it's a crit, and then take another shot. 24 points of damage from the first attack. Go ahead and roll damage for the javelin. It's 29 damage. As you throw the javelin up, you get your shot, the next attack. Roll damage for that one. You watch as-- (multiple impacts)-- and you yank back. Make a strength check. (thud) You're dragging the corpse. Hand-over-hand, you're dragging the corpse. He insta-dies, and then got pulled off and then slammed onto the ground and is now being pulled through the dirt and grass. Done, instantly. For you, it's a wisdom saving throw. A natural 12 plus one, that's 13, it's a fail. Yes. Easy enough to do. Go ahead and make a martial arts attack. Technically, you have advantage because he's paralyzed. Yep. That hits, it's an auto-crit because he's held. Roll your martial arts damage. Six damage. You throw him to the ground. He falls and takes an additional five points of bludgeoning damage. After the fall, hits the ground-- off the wall, on the backside of it, he's now face down on the ground, still held. Are you continuing your attack with her or are you hanging, staying up on the wall? Okay. Go ahead and swing the attack. You have advantage because he's paralyzed and prone. Yep. Go ahead and roll that twice and take the higher, adding your wisdom modifier. Plus your proficiency modifier, which is plus three, so it would be-- That hits. Go ahead and roll your damage. Should be a-- d8 plus four. But d8 times two because it's critical. Well, it's-- oh, that's fine, we'll do that. So that's nine-- add the two together-- it's nine plus four. So 13 points of damage on top of that. Right as you're slamming down, go ahead and make your next attack. With advantage, these are with advantage because he's paralyzed and prone. Go ahead and roll damage, crit. 12 points of damage. Yeah, that'll do it. Both of them-- one was enjoying the wind and then darkness forever. The other got a cramp and then got bludgeoned from all sides after being jammed in the dirt and then expired. It was the end of The Sopranos for them, man. It was just-- Hashtag save Phil. They are both done at the moment, it is silent. There is a very slight sound of both their bodies impacting in the dirt, but you're not sure if that managed to reach as far as anybody within the interior of the stronghold. What do you do now in this moment? Cool, no worries. It's about 12 feet. You might want to help him; he's not the strongest person. Just make a strength check. It's not too difficult. Yeah. You (grunt)-- you get on top of the wall, you have the cloak on. Between your acrobatics and your ability, your height, without an issue, you get to the top. You guys now are on top of the wall, cloaked. Where do you want to go? Perception check with advantage please. If they want to they can try. Okay. There does not appear to be any person in the courtyard. Those two guards are the only two that were currently set on the outside. You can see the horses that were pulling the carts that are set over on the side at the moment. You can see the carts that have since been repaired and are currently waiting in rest. You can see the front door to the stronghold, and you can see the back door. You're still on the outside of the wall. You have to make your way through the perimeter of the wall, which has its own front gate, which is closed. Do you want to head to that? The outer wall and out that way, okay. Cast Detect Magic? Correct. Easy enough to do. As you give the Deuce your nod, you watch as his form actually shifts smaller and matches the shape of the previous guard. Finishing your Detect Magic, you do not detect anything magical of the outer gate. It is locked. Okay. Make an investigation check, because you're doing this quickly. 15? Not too bad. You manage to pilfer about 62 gold pieces. Yes. Because you caught him at the moment outside of the town and he had his money on him. No keys on him, no. He felt safe on that wall. The crossbow that he had seems to have snapped in the process of his body being yanked from the top of the wall. His armor is standard leather armor. You didn't stop to check, you're already up on the wall. If you want to. Make an investigation check. 16, okay. You find 22 gold pieces. And a pack of crossbow bolts, 16 crossbow bolts. I'd like you both to roll stealth check with disadvantage. Disadvantage for her because of her armor. Okay, 12, good to know. You're going stealth as well? Roll a stealth check. please. You do, so that's plus ten. Up to an hour. Okay. Eventually, the four of you meet towards the front gate, seemingly, from what you can tell, no one's noticed. Make a perception check. Okay. Okay, you see nobody else inside the courtyard. You occasionally see the flickering movement. It looks like firelight is the source of light that's coming through the two windows on the two sides of the facility you can see. No movement yet. Make a perception check. Okay, you feel like you have a pretty good eye on those two sides of the interior windows. You do not see any movement yet, but you're pretty locked on. What are the four of you guys doing now that you've met at the front gate? Yes. That's your dexterity modifier plus your proficiency modifier. All right; yeah. 23, okay. You take a moment and there are two specific locks that are chained; one on each side that are closed. The one that's nearest to you, easy enough. The one on the opposite side, you have to pull out one of your metallic hooks that slips through a space in the wood and manage to pull it up on the side a little bit. You're essentially reverse-picking it with two hooked picks from the opposite side. It takes you a little longer, until eventually it hangs. You guys are over there. You're making your way into the courtyard now. This door or this door. Your choice. That's the front. Technically, Beau, you guys are walking perimeter on the outside wall. The rest of you cats are currently, essentially, over that way. You guys have just passed through the gate on that side, where it's open and allowing you into the courtyard. You're still focusing as you come inside? Yeah, no magic that you notice on the front door of the fortress. For the duration, each creature you choose within 30 feet of you. It doesn't say at the moment of casting you have to select; just that for the duration you choose. So, my interpretation, I would allow someone to step into the radius, and you could then choose. All right, everyone who's now making their way around the back, make another stealth check. You're still at disadvantage, because you still have your armor. Okay. You guys begin to head around this direction? All right. Going past the barrel pile where you had previously made your way in and out via owl the previous day. As you guys scoot past, you hear the front door of the facility (thudding) (creaking). It opens ever so faintly to the inside, and a figure peers out, having apparently heard something. You see a figure poke the head out and look curiously. "What?" Make a deception check, with advantage given that fact that it's in the darkness and not an unexpected scenario. Guard looks past and closes the door. You guys all continue to the back of the facility. You guys are at the back door. The door seems to be clear of magic. From what you can look at, it looked to be humanoid, it was hard to tell at this distance with the little bit of firelight you saw. Hood was down. Short, black hair, looked a bit sallow. Young, but probably looked older than they were-- Nah, that would have been cool. I should have run with it. You're at the back door. There is a very faint bit that a spider could fit though, yes. All right. Frumpkin is now up, and there is a kitchen. There is a kitchen, you can see there is an oven. There looks to be a bunch of dirty dishes that have just piled up and haven't been washed in a while. There is a path that goes to the right and further down this hallway, and there is a door that leads further in. Okay. That's through into this hallway, which currently ends in two more doors. This way and that way. They are loose. I mean, as far as small gaps in between, very, very tiny. Yep. He wouldn't be able to hear you. Which one? There's two different doors. This way or this way. All right. Frumpkin moves into this chamber, which unveils this chamber. In this chamber, you see a dining area of some kind, and you see there are two of the hired guards in the process of finishing an evening drink. One of them is Phil. One of them is the other guy. Looks like they're having a nightcap. They've been drinking. You have no idea if they're drunk. Frumpkin sees the two of them hushedly chatting to one other and drinking from tankards. Okay. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin because now you are in eyesight of-- I know. What did you roll? That's fine. They do not see Fumpkin. They have had just enough to drink where they did not see Frumpkin. Frumpkin is going where? Okay. That leads into another chamber, a hallway, that continues down and then seems to open into another walkway. Frumpkin goes and opens that one, which leads into another hallway, a very small chamber, and there are a couple of odd pieces of dried goods in the corners, and a wooden trapdoor. Seems to be a trapdoor. No. That is a wall, yes. On the wall over here? Okay. Revealing that. It looks, and you can see this has been storage. Because Frumpkin entered, this is all kitchen storage, and looking down this hall-- That is the gist of what you've seen. You don't know how much of this will stay. Turning around this way, you can see the spiral staircase, the very same where you had briefly managed to dodge Lorenzo earlier in the day, heading up to the second floor. Right as Frumpkin passes that way, this door opens up, and one of the two guards heads this way. A little sloppy, but turns and-- "Ew." He starts walking up, and goes in to try and step on Frumpkin. Yeah, what's Frumpkin's armor class? With disadvantage. That's 12. It goes ahead and stomps down. That's a hit point. What's the speed for Frumpkin? Okay. The guard is like, "Ugh. Hey, Phil?" (laughter) Heads back into the room and comes back with these two metal tankards that are dinged up, and they both start throwing them up to try and smash the spider. With that, the first one misses and (clatters) down the stairs. Well, the first two slams, or tossing of tankards, clanging loudly, do not hit. They both turn around and follow like, "Where did it go?", "It's this way!" and they both come back inside the room, trying to follow where Frumpkin went. They both look around like, "Shit. Ugh. I can't sleep now with that thing around here. Keep "looking." That's the last thing that Frumpkin hears before vanishing. Make a perception check. You're listening right now. You don't hear anything, but you're also on the opposite side of where anybody else would be. So you have no idea. Are you drinking to the point of intoxication? All righty. All right. Make an investigation check on the door. 24. The door is indeed locked. Go ahead and roll for that. Plus six. That's still enough, anyways. What did you roll? No. You fear breaking one of your lockpicks; you remove it. As you guys are having this conversation, you see Caleb flicker his hands through the air, his eyes focused in a distant stare for a moment. You see this strange blue energy sparkle around the outside of the doorknob and the door opens. You're still keeping tabs on it. I'm not going to have you roll just for consistently staring. Okay, you do see a shadow pass by the door-- by the window. Okay. What do you do? To the right is a hallway, an open entrance that goes into a pantry or storage room. To the left is a door that leads beyond the kitchen. You're at a door. It opens, it's not locked. You feel a tickle. Make a stealth check, please, because you're now passing within ear shot of-- Okay. As you turn the corner, part of your cloak seems to have caught the edge of one of the pots that was layered on the table right here. As you pull through, pots start clattering. You guys watch as this whole stack of pots start pulling off into the kitchen. The door here swings open and both of these figures come rushing in. "Hey, what the hell!" They both pull out blades. All right, roll initiative, you guys. All righty. 25 to 20? What do you mean? MARISHA and You guys would have heard it very faintly. Because the door was open, and it did fill what was normally a pretty still evening. That brings us to them. All right. That brings us to 20 to 15. 18, all right. Nott... all right. 15 to ten? All right, I think that's everyone. Top of the combat round at this moment. Beau, you're up first. Hearing this noise, you are on the wall at this point keeping an eye. You guys would probably be at angles here if you maintained patrol and tried to case both sides. You saw them move casually past one window and then move quicker past the other. You're over here, on the wall. You guys have been on the wall this whole time, so you're right over here. Essentially about that high. Okay, go ahead and make a dexterity check. Where directly do you want to aim it? You go ahead and you throw it. It lands. It's going to take a second for it to go off, but it definitely seems to have rolled passed and over in the vicinity just past that corner. That was your action, and I'll say bonus action to pull it out, light it and throw. Along the wall? All right. (counting) That's about as far as you can get right there. Ending your turn. Caleb you're up. So you can have four attacks in a single round. And your movement is twice as much. So you have 50 feet a turn. I'll put this on Keg as a reminder. So you move in (counting) right there? All right, that finishes your go. All right. One of them shouts, "We got company!" over his shoulder, behind. A natural 19 on the dice. Going to move in here, this one is going to move in as well. They are probably going to move right there. They're both going to make attacks on Nott. The first one is going to be a 13 to hit. You duck out of the way. You see the short sword they pull spark across the stone, carving down the side. No impact. The other one uses that moment to try and swing at you. That's equally terrible! That's far worse, actually. That's a six. Both of them (whooshing), no effect, but they're both shouting back over their shoulders like, "Intruder! Company!" That finishes their go. Nila, you're up first. You move inside. (counting) 25, 30. You can get right into that doorway right there. Unfortunately, you cannot get close enough to hit them physically. You're too far away from the combat. Yes. All right, Poison Spray. Yeah, that one creatures does, has a ten feet range. Okay. It makes a constitution saving throw. That is a failure with a natural five, so roll damage on that. It is a 2d12, right? Plus 1d12. Does this damage increase as you level up? A lot of cantrips do. Yes, it does, so roll 2d12. 12 points of poison damage to the one on the left there. All of a sudden, as Nila rounds the corner, extending your hand, this sudden plume of dark purplish-black gas emanates around their face. They begin coughing horribly as it stings the inside of their lungs and throat. That finishes your turn? That brings us to Nott. Which one? All right, you go to that door. It's locked. You can use your action to try and fast pick it, if you like. It's up to you. Because you can do that as a rogue. Go for it. 12? It holds tight. You have currently 20 feet. (counting) That puts you right there. That ends your go. It is now Clay's turn. No, she did not do her totem. You're about there. Ending your go; Keg, you're up. (counting) Yeah, easily. Whoa, you dart past. Nila's standing there-- Yes, she does. Nila's standing there, finishes the Poison Spray, suddenly there's this blur of speed, plate, and hair as Keg rushes by Nila's side, actually causing the edge of her clothing to ripple up and back down into place. They're both there, right in your face, and they watch as you emerge. They don't even have time to process what you are. You're just a shape and anger, and they're like, "Whoa!" What do you want to do? All right, go for it. First attack. That hits, roll damage. Eight points of damage. (smack) He looks hurt, like between the poison gas and that he's hurt. He's not down yet, but he's looking rough. 15 plus seven? Yeah, 25, that hits. Roll damage. 11. With that, he's (smack), "What the--?!" Second hit and he goes down like a sack of potatoes. (cheering) 11. This time, seeing this go down, he dodges out of the way and your weapon scrapes across the outside of the door frame, actually cutting a bit into it. You have to pull it out. Still have your bonus action if you wanted to do a fourth attack. 12. Unfortunately, he just manages to duck twice. The second time actually gleans off the shoulder, but the armor's too thick. No impact. What do you want to do? You have ten feet of movement, yes. You can move (counting). You can't quite get between the two of them, but you can be wedged into the doorway. If they try to move away from you, you will get an attack of opportunity if you want to take one as a reaction. That ends your turn. Back at the top. Beau, you're up. Not quite yet, because it's on an initiative of 20. Make an acrobatics check to leap off the wall. 14, that's enough. You get right to the kitchen. You're just at the door. That's your full movement. Okay. (counting) Okay, gotcha. You glance over just to see this quick flash of Beau disappearing down the hallway. Caleb, you're up. Yeah. Roll an attack. No, Phil's the one standing. 15 to hit Phil, that hits. One of them was human, one looked to be half-elf. Phil is the half-elf. You see this younger looking guy-- Ooh. So ten, plus? Right, cantrip, at 5th-level, it does 2d10. Yeah. Cantrips get better. Okay. 13 points of damage. You feel the sudden burst of warm air up under your outfit for a moment, Nila, as this fire bolt goes firing through from between your legs and explodes into the chest of the guard in front of you. (yells) Backs up, and the flames lick up the front of his armor before he pats them out for a second. That finish your turn, Caleb? Finishing Caleb's go. He's right there. Knock the chair over as you back up. At this point, you guys all hear, echoing off in the distance, (popping). Small firecrackers are now exploding on the outside of the front fortress (popping). Nott, as you were looking off, you see a shape run past and start heading for the door. You see-- Past this way, you see a figure make their way to the door, and put their back to it. They haven't noticed you yet. As they put their back to the door, focusing on where the sound of those fireworks go off, looks back through the doorway, into the middle of the mess hall, hears this commotion and looks right to you. Does see you. Because you're not trying to hide and it is a lit interior. This is Wohn. This is the female human barbarian that had rushed Caleb before. Previously had a great maul. However, is instead wielding a very familiar two-handed greatsword. Wide blade with runic hilt. The weapon that Yasha had on her-- However, that's her turn. That brings us to Nila. You're up. He is not. You can just barely see another individual who appears to be joining the fray across the way. One of the slavers that is responsible for taking your family. Okay. Are you going Poison Spray, or you going-- Okay. You step in-- Go for it. Swing for the attack. Actually, you could, if you wanted to, I'll allow you to move in to flank with Keg. That'll give you advantage on the attack roll. Plus seven, so that would be 18. So roll one more time. We'll take the 18. So that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. That's a d8 plus four. All right. Ten points of damage. You rush in (whack!), as you clock Phil on the side of his head, it slams him against the stone wall. He's like, "Ugh!" His eyes rolling within his skull. He looks pretty heavily beaned. Still conscious, but pretty badly beat up at this point. That finish your turn? You have no visual, unfortunately, because this door is still closed and locked. All you can see is what's in this room, this kitchen, and this chamber here. You have no visual on the trapdoor. You know where it is, yes. Okay, so you're taking the totem. For the next minute, yes. Your choice. Okay. Since I actually skipped over Phil's turn, Phil's going to, out of retribution for the attack, swing towards you, Nila, having had no luck against you, and having not even wanting to touch this weird dwarven blur that's just destroyed his friend. He's going to swing towards you with the blade. That's going to be a 14? What's your armor class? 15? Your shield deflects it off the side. No impact. All right. Phil's accepting his fate. Nott, you're up. She has noticed you, yes. She used her turn to move and dash, so had no action yet. But went up against the front door, hearing the sound from outside, and then turned and just focused on you. Okay. 14 wisdom saving throw. That's a natural six. Falls prone. She falls cackling to the ground. (laughter) and is rolling on the ground, the blade falling out of her grip for the moment and then she clutches it back to her, rolls with it. Yeah. Okay. That's fine. (counting) Yes. Which direction? Around here? (counting) There you go. That finishes Nott's go. Clay, you're up. Are you jumping off the wall or going full square on the outer wall? Make an acrobatics check to try and land. 14? Okay, you fall to one knee, but you get up okay. You don't take any damage. (counting) 30. You're just coming up on the outside of the kitchen. The horse is just (snorting). That finishes Clay's turn. Keg, you're up. Yeah. Go for it. 18 definitely hits. Nine points of damage? Phil is down. Whack up the side of the head. Phil just crumples to the ground. (counting) You have ten more feet. You can't quite get to Nott, but there's a laughing barbarian on the ground. Up to you. So the dwarf moves into there. Yeah, it's advantage on the attack. 11? No. Nope. The first attack, you go to swing and she rolls over from the laughter and just hit the ground. The stone cracks from the impact. Yeah, because that was your second attack. Then you have your extra attack, and then you have a bonus attack. That's how you have an additional attack. So you have two more attacks. 20 definitely hits. Yep. All right, roll damage on that. She makes a saving throw. What is the DC? She rolled a 14. Yeah, that spell has faded. She's still prone and you get another attack, if you like. You still have advantage, she's still prone. 14 does not hit. It misses by one. I'm sorry. However, you are just a frightening display in front of her. That does hit. 11 points of damage, all right. You have one more attack from the action surge. Roll your dice and double it. That's ten. Ten plus your modifier. 14 points of damage. You rolled a five, you double that to ten and then add the four. So 14 damage on a single hit. With that one final burst of interior strength and adrenaline kicks in and you slam twice into the body of Wohn on the ground, the wind knocked out of her. Her eyes go wild for a second before focusing on you, the anger and hatred brewing in her face as her brow furrows. That, I believe, is all you can do on your turn. She does get an attack of opportunity on you, swinging from the ground towards you. She is prone so she has disadvantage on the attack roll, but she's going to try. That's going to be 14? Yeah. It clangs against the back of your armor and you manage to get out of the way. Top of the round is Beau! Nott's right there on the other side. Oh, 40 feet sorry. There you go, that's your 40 feet. By the way, in the background still (fireworks exploding). All right, you're not quite against-- you're ten feet from Nott right now. That's your full movement. You have to use a dash action if you wanted to try and you move at half speed carrying Nott. What are you going to do? You dash. That's five-- (counting) There you go. So you get Nott about there. (counting) You manage to drag Nott to the door. It's locked. Caleb. Yes. Ten, 15, 20. No, you can go two more steps if you want. 30 right there. Damn, this new iPad is eating it on the music. I think it's just slow. The old one disappeared and I have to get a new one. I can't find the bag. It's fine. Don't worry about it. If you wanted to go there as opposed to there, I'll let you stand there. You can just barely see somebody on the ground. No longer laughing. Go for it, roll for the attack with disadvantage. Unfortunately strikes the stone ground and bursts into fire. No effect. Ending Caleb's turn. (Wohn screams). Runs up, charging angrily, is going to reckless attack. Is going to attack twice with her greataxe against you with reckless, so it's with advantage on both attacks. The first attack is a natural 20. All right, so that's a natural 20 on the first one. Second attack is a natural 19 plus seven. So yeah, she hits you with both. First one's a crit. That's cocked. That is going to be 12 points of slashing damage for the first hit. The greatsword ends up striking across your chest, the impact sending you back and Haste disappears. ASHLY, MARISHA, and She has Yasha's sword and dispelled it. Then swings back with a second strike towards you and impacts. That's going to be 13 points of slashing damage. The second strike against you with the greatsword, the flash of white energy, you see the runes on the hilt suddenly spark and that adrenaline in your body suddenly fades and your body becomes super lethargic and you are stunned for your next turn. The Haste has faded and your body is drained. As soon as Haste ends, your body-- That's how it works, that's the downside of the spell, man! Next turn you can't do anything. Nila, you're up. Currently, you walk up and try the door. It's locked. Make a strength check. Roll a d20 and roll your strength modifier. Plus? Plus two? 19? You force your shoulder against it and it doesn't give. The feeling and the sensation of knowing your family is nearby surges in your body and you pull back a few more steps and then charge in. With one aggressive (yells), the door flips open. The actual handle itself breaking and snapping on the wood. Essentially. With a 19, that's exactly what it is. That door is now open and you step through and join the rest of them. You can do a bonus action thing, yes, but your action has been used to break through the door. You could drop it there. As a matter of fact, everybody except for Keg and Clay. Ten temporary hit points. When the spirit appears, so you guys do not get it, unfortunately. So ten temporary hit points to Caleb, Nila, Nott, and Beau for the next minute. That ends Nila's turn. Nott you're up. The door is locked, yes. Okay. The Mage Hand doesn't have the delicate touch. I kind of have, too. So that's your action and your bonus action. Yeah you can move, if you wish to. Okay. Clay, it's you and the horses. What are you doing? 15, 20. 30. You're so big, this was not designed for his firbolg form. That's your movement. (counting) You walk into this chamber and you see everybody else. You also see this weird spectral bear spirit that seems to have apparated in the center of this hallway that looks at you and goes (bear growls). You can! You glance over and take in the scene. That's your movement and your action. Correct. You can, yeah. A d4 plus your wisdom modifier. That's your turn? Keg, you're up. You can't do anything because you're stunned. That's the end of your turn. Top of the round, Beau. You're still 15 feet from Wohn. If you want to be on there instead, yeah. Okay, you're going to attempt to ricochet off of her armor. Go for it. Go for it. I'm just embellishing for fun. Why not? We'll see if it works. 17 hits. Actually, you have an advantage, technically, because she was doing reckless attacks last turn. That hits. First one hits. These are the-- These are still darts, they're modified darts. You would need to get daggers or things that are considered monk weapons to do additional damage. Five damage. Second one, with advantage still. 21 hits. Roll damage. Five and eight. As you're there, getting your brain back in the space and the strength returns to you. You look up at the time the barbarian is pulling back for another round of blows, the giant blade still crimson with your own blood. These two serrated blade-like discs into her chest from over your shoulders. You glance over quickly and see Beau waving to you through the doorway. All righty, that finishes Beau's turn. Caleb, you're up. Well, technically, you don't have advantage. It's advantage on melee attacks, not ranged attacks, but it's fine. 15 hits. So two hits. Nice! Oof. That'll be enough. How do you want to do this, Caleb? She screams out in pain, the flesh itself burning black instantly and cracking as she falls to the ground screaming. The voice slowly thins out into a faint (death rattle) before expiring. Need you to make a wisdom saving throw, Caleb. 13. You take a moment, and push through, and keep your wits about you. The firecrackers have ended. Silence comes over the fortress. None that you see or hear. Go for it. DC is getting higher with each. Total of 15? It's not going through. This is a very intricate lock. It's obviously protecting a lot. Make a strength check, if you want to. You still have advantage on the strength checks because you're a bear for the time being. Roll it one more time. The door is too strong. This one is actually reinforced and seems to-- knowing what it's hiding-- designed to be the strongest door on this floor. Over here? Grab the sword. You pull the sheath off her back and slip it in the haversack. If you'd like to. It takes a moment for you to rifle through her stuff. Investigation. 14? Okay. You manage to find about 38 gold pieces in the pouch that she keeps on her side. You find another pouch that is a bunch of dried meats that have been salted and smoked, like a jerky. You also find another pack that has teeth in it. Just a collection of teeth. Different sizes, different ages. No keys. They've bled out. Not on the trapdoor, the door that leads into it. The door is locked, yeah. (click, creaking) The door opens. All right. You go to the trapdoor. 26? It is trapped. From the underside of it. Roll for reach around. (laughter) This is still another thieves' tools check, so still plus seven. 22. That'll do it. You manage to just lift the trapdoor enough to slide your hand underneath. There is a trigger cable underneath that has been set into a hook. Right before it pulls taut enough for it to snap, you grab it, lift it up, put it onto a shoulder. Using the cable, you pull it back until you find a piece of rock off to the side and hook it to it to where it maintains the tautness. You find another metal ring that is designed specifically to hold the trap when it's not set. It does not go off. The trapdoor opens, and there is a staircase that descends to a lower floor. Okay. Make a perception check for Frumpkin. 15? Okay. Frumpkin descends slowly down the stairs. There's a faint bit of torchlight in there. You hear whimpering. A few voices faintly whimpering. Inside the chamber-- I can show you, actually. I'll be right back. (groaning) So hi guys. Frumpkin slowly descends the staircase, and you can see a rack that is bolted into the wall that has chains hanging from it, a few other sets of manacles, a few torture implements long metal things that are hooked at the end, brands. There are a few spaces that are currently empty where tools probably would normally hang, and there is another door that leads to a chamber beyond, and that's where you hear the whimpering coming from. As Frumpkin looks within, you can see another chamber. You can see another hired figure, at least the same cloaked individuals you had encountered before, same attire, who is currently sitting at the back, up against the wall, and is looking in the direction of the door expectantly. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin. Frumpkin also noticed there is a cage in the corner that contains two figures in there. Looks to be two humanoid figures. With that perception roll and the low light, it's hard to tell. One appears to be larger, one appears to be smaller. Make a stealth check. Okay. Unnoticing, he sits there waiting, arm against the wall. Frumpkin slowly makes his way through this hallway. It bends off on a corner around the side. Frumpkin continues beyond and it curves around another corner here. There is an archway that leads into another room that has two more cages that contain-- each cage contains another figure. The figures in there appear to be slumped down and either unconscious or sleeping. Here? You see Ruzza and Protto, two more members of The Iron Shepherds that are currently waiting there with their eyes towards the entryway expectantly. It seems that they have been notified of your presence. I don't know, maybe the loud firecrackers going off right above? Frumpkin would be here. As they're both standing there waiting, Protto, the little halfling sharpshooter creep, glances up and goes, takes his shortbow and-- Pulls it off his shoulder. Mm-hmm. Yeah, that's the last you see. One in that chamber and then two in there. In that last room it was two. All right. So are you sending Frumpkin upstairs? So you go ahead and descend the stairs into this chamber. Okay. Okay. So you stay at the stairs there, Beau. All right. As you glance through, Clay, you can see the faint light in here, you can see the figure's walking up to the cage, eyes still trained on the door. Make a deception check. No. It's allowing him to do one-- I saw it. 18? "All right, I'll get back to work." "I'm going to finish up." As you turn around and begin to ascend the stairs, you begin to hear what sounds like a child beginning to scream. (screams) Make a deception check. He pulls back. You can see there's a heated spike that's orange at the tip that he pulls out of the cage. He goes (growling). He steps back towards the table at the back and sets it down there, where you can see there are other implements laid out. He comes back to the cage and goes, "I'll be back later," and comes to the door where you are. Opens the door. Steps up the stairs, makes it up through the hatch. Everybody, make an ambush round. He was not expecting that. Oh, shit. Is this on your Shillelagh? What are you doing with this? Okay. Yeah, you all hit. What are you doing? Nah. All right, roll your d8. Eight-sided. That's 12 plus four, 16 points of damage. Whack! Upside the head as he dizzies off from that point, immediately going into Keg. Roll damage on that one. Six damage, and carved from the battle axe. What are you using? It's a 1d8. Yeah, because it's a quarterstaff. Plus your strength modifier? Crack! And then-- It's a sneak attack, yeah. (gasping) Yeah, that'll do it. He comes up and immediately-- and falls to the ground, barely conscious, looking up, his face bloodied and the crossbow bolt jammed into his shoulder and past the rib and he's having a hard time breathing. You watch as Clay, hushing as he just slowly pushes his face in with his fist repeatedly. Caleb, what are you doing? So you coast around here-- Make your way through, down this hall, to the bedroom where you had seen was Lorenzo's room, not present. Crawls over to the next bedroom, two beds. Not present. Toward the stairs where Frumpkin was? Okay. All right. You're at the base, essentially, or near the staircase that leads up and out to this space there. All right. What's everybody else doing? Okay, so Keg is staying up with Caleb. Nila, you head down. Okay, so you have one minute before that spell goes away. Okay. As you enter this lower chamber, you come in with a fair light. You look over on the table and there are the implements there. You step out and there is a moment where you touch your foot to the ground, and something gives way. You see a cable that was run through the ground quickly whip up the air, and you glance up to see heavy netting that contains a bunch of broken brick and stone that falls down from the center of the chamber. I need both Nott and Nila to make dexterity saving throws, please. It only lasts a-- nice. 11. That's a failure on your point. That is eight points of bludgeoning damage to you, four points to you, as this pile of stone fills the corner. You guys manage to step off to the side and pull yourself out of the rubble, but you get the sense now that this room is definitely trapped and there is definitely an awareness within and deeper of your presence. Nila, as you recover from this, you glance up and see the cage in the corner that you had passed when you first entered and you see a hand hanging off one of the metal bars-- a tiny, familiar hand a bit of fur that covers and vanishing into the faint, grayish-blue tint of what is Asar's hand. Make an investigation check. Plus? Investigation. No, she didn't use it last time, she saved it-- All right, go for it. (groans) Well, you still pick the one you want to, so you go with the previous one. You don't have to pick the one. Pretty sure that's how the luck feat works, right? From best you can tell, there is nothing; no contraption adhered to the cage. It's just a cage. You come up close and look inside. You can see Kitor, your partner, is slumped in the back of the cage, unconscious. With what little bit of light is in here as you focus-- you have darkvision, so you can see in his unconscious face he is still breathing, but there are wounds and scrapes. You look and see Asar, who is awake, who is currently holding a burn puncture right in his abdomen. He looks up to you, the sweat dripping down his face, and goes, "Mama? Mama!" and leans up to the cage and puts his hand over the outside of the bar and reaches out for you with the other hand and entwines his fingers. "Mama, you came." If you have a heal spell, yeah. Yeah. What's your healing word to your son? What's the word you say that heals him? What phrase? It's up to you. Roll a d4. Sure, I'll let it. It's all right. I think it's a plus four? Yeah, okay. Looking really hurt from whatever injuries he's sustained, you watch as the injuries slowly close up and he breathes a little heartier again and looks at you with a renewed smile, his hand still entwining your fingers, and says, "Mama, I want to "go home." Well, make a strength check, just for the hell of it. Because life gets weird. Okay, you move into the corridor? Like this? You begin to (strains)-- and you watch as Nila's arms pop with the muscles filling with adrenaline and emotion as the metal bars bend ever so slightly. Just enough to maybe fit Asar through-- not your mate. You pull them just enough and you reach through and he pulls his way, and you help him grab his shoulder, and slowly you pull your son free from the cage and into your arms. The bars have gone as far as they can go, and you continue to pull, the emotion in there. Your strength is waning from the physical exertion of getting even that bit of the metal open. You can try, yeah. Go for it. Sam! Buddy... Roll for Healing Word. Okay. I'm going to need a new iPad. This thing is crashing and falling apart the whole night. Great job. All right. Make an investigation check. Sam, we're not making money for charity. You can slow your roll here, buddy. Yeah, to heal. In the immediate chamber? Focusing on this, you don't sense any immediate magical auras within the chamber. Nothing that you can see in the immediate area, no. You watch as Kitor (rouses). One eye is swollen shut, the other opens a bit, and you watch as the swelling slowly goes away from that eye. It's still purple from the outside, but the swelling has diminished from the healing effect of your spell, and he looks up. "My mate." He looks down at his hands and looks out and sees that Asar's been freed, and he looks out at the strange crew-- looks towards both of you and (gasps). "Help me." He stands up in the cage; his hunched form is crammed in by this cage that was not designed for his firbolg body. Nevertheless, he reaches out and grabs the bars where you had started. "On "three one, two, three-- (strains)." He's going to go ahead and make a strength check with advantage. That's a natural 17... and a natural 19! I love it when it works for the narrative! (laughing) "That she is," and pets the back of your head. Kitor picks up Asar and throws him over his shoulder, now standing in his full form, just below the ceiling of this chamber-- taller, even, than Clay. "Thank you. Let's go home." "Good luck." You watch as the three of them, given a second chance at life and freedom, step through the door where you entered and vanish up the stairs, the heavy footfalls dissipating as they grow further and further from you. The two of you, who have been focusing-- that point, the Haste spell having coursed into your body-- glance behind and see as the family steps through the kitchen door and exits. There's only one path left to find the others that were taken. And that's where we'll leave tonight's game. Thank you for playing with us! It's a fun one, yeah. Thank you for coming. You were amazing. It's the best game. It's the best game! Everything fits so well into place. Yeah. Aw, man, we get to pick up this next phase at GenCon. Apparently, yeah. This is where we got to. Oh man. Oh, boy, that's going to be fun. No, you've been so great, thank you for joining us, seriously. And for bringing a character that I think all of us are absolutely in love with. Well. On that note, let's go ahead and close tonight's game-- Yeah! No, we're still on. (laughter) No, we're still going! Aw. Thank you so much for joining us; you're amazing. I've been wanting to have you on for a while, so I'm glad we could make it work.