Hello everybody, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) I know, not a whole lot has changed at the moment. A few things, a few little bells and whistles here. But yeah, we're at our own place, which is crazy. I know. Perfect. So welcome, glad you guys can join us. Guys, still with the clap thing too much. Before we jump into tonight's game, let's get through our announcements. First and foremost, our fantastic sponsor for this evening, and has been for quite some time, our friends at D&D Beyond! Sam, if you want to take that away. Oh, I can probably do that. Oh yeah, no problem, I'll just throw out the next three weeks of story I planned out and totally rework everything to accommodate this. I don't need to sleep. Ever. (infant crying) Yes, I am perfection. Mother, I bring news from the womb. The newly revamped digital character sheet from D&D Beyond has released! What's been added improved desktop and tablet views, better at a glance information, additional ad hoc customization, custom themes, shareable links, and an updated PDF export. To celebrate, D&D Beyond is giving away a complete legendary bundle to a random viewer. To enter to win, go to Twitter.com/DnDBeyond ('n', not '&'), and reply to the pinned tweet with a shareable link for one of your D&D Beyond characters. The giveaway ends this Sunday at midnight PM. I love you, Mama Willingham. And strangely accurate. Yay! Maybe they shouldn't have started with me. Boom! Well done, Sam. Laura and Travis, direct all that fury at Sam, please. Thank you, Sam. A couple of quick notes here we are headed to San Diego Comic-Con next week for our Critical Role panel and, as we announced today, we're also going to New York Comic-Con later this year. For details on either of those events, go to Critrole.com for all the information. It's there for you. The "Nott the Best Detective Agency" shirt is up in the store right now. Once again, head to shop.critrole.com to check it out. Our fantastic, terrible detectives. We'll see. Yeah. Starting this week, the Wyrmwood giveaways are back for Critical Role intermission. The giveaways will be hosted on the Critical Role Twitch channel, however, and moving forward, so when we're coming to the break, if you want to jump over to the Critical Role Twitch, it's Twitch.tv/criticalrole. There, you can enter the Wyrmwood giveaways. Keep an eye out for that and we'll remind you before we jump to the break as well. You can watch our hosted stream and our sweepstakes there, at that location. As a reminder, Talks Machina, our after-discussion show about whatever transpires here at this table, is every Tuesday evening. The next episode will be next Tuesday at 700 PM Pacific time, hosted by our fantastic Brian W. Foster, if he can get away from Lancaster long enough. He'll be giving out prizes for Gif of the Week, for Fanart of the Week, and all that fun stuff, so check it out on Tuesday. Other than that, let's go ahead and jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. And welcome back. So. Welcome back. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein were making their way north after making a deal with the Gentleman in Zadash. They had completed the first of two tasks for him, the second one requiring them to make their way to the northern city of Shadycreek Run, outside of the Empire, to meet with a business operative of his, who had been busy with some other elements and needed some help to reconnect about what their business together was. Along this journey, you had made a stop in the gnomish city of Hupperdook, where you discovered the work-hard-play-hard gnomish society, got all your money taken from you, got it returned to you as you found out the thieves were the young children of a family, the parents of which had been arrested and had been imprisoned for a while. You went to the prison, helped destroy one of their long-haywire guardians, and paid off the rest of the fine for those parents, to set them free, returning them to their children, and decided to leave your temporary companion for a while, Kiri, with them, as a safer means of continuing her journey, now with her new family. With that, you gathered your things, found yourself a better crossbow, and began heading back on the trail along the Crispvale Road and making your way northward. There, you had set up camp for the evening about a day's travel outside of Hupperdook, and during the night, while Yasha and Fjord were taking their watch, wakening Jester with their conversation, and the three of them deciding to step away from the camp as not to wake the rest of you, they were... Well, they went missing. We begin today's story as morning slowly creeps over the distant mountains. The cold, frosted dew on the tops of the nearby grasses glistening like tiny crystals, the bits of sunlight begin to just break past the ridge. The sky, previously clear the night before showing the stars above, now is matted with cloud cover and small breaks that show the blue sky above. The cold weather is definitely shaking you awake as you all begin to come to, rubbing your eyes. Glancing about the cold atmosphere, you come to the hard, dirt ground patch that you had cleared out for your evening's rest, your packs and tents ready to be reassembled... But it's just the four of you. Make a perception check. Looking about, there is a faint mist that is still burning off that clouds your vision far enough to the point where you can't quite see some elements of the mountain range you had just come from, but glancing about around you, there's no sign of your three companions. There's no visuals that guide you to where they might be. As you go about to their sleeping arrangement spaces, everything except for whatever they had on them as they took their watch is still there. The haversack is left behind, the rest of their goods lying on the ground where they were left. Yep. The falchion's always with him. He would have a belt with pouches and such, but no, that was on him at the time. Those are not there, unfortunately. Essentially, everything but the equipment they had on them-- in fact, if you look, you can see Jester's shield is there, currently untouched. Yasha doesn't have much on her. Whatever she does have, she generally keeps on her, so she hasn't left anything behind. You don't see any weapons. Yasha keeps her weapon on her at all times; Fjord, from what you understand, weirdly never seems to have need. But Jester's weapon is left next to the shield as well as you begin to rummage through. Make an investigation check. All right then. As you begin to rummage around in the nearby grasses, tossing over the remains of their left behind materials, even pushing through the fire just in case some of them may have fallen in, no sign. You'd make an investigation check then. Not within the next mile or so. Okay. Okay. (laughs) So, as you are both losing yourselves amongst the nearby grasses, and trying to look for any sign of where they may have been, you are focusing on your spell. What are you doing, Beauregard? Go ahead and make an investigation check. This is amazing. Knocking it out of the park, y'all. We'll get them out now! In the time that you guys have begun to shout, you're continuing to shout their names out, and forge through the nearby grasses. Caleb, you complete your spell, and Frumpkin's form suddenly, slowly shifts, then, with a puff of steam and smoke, turns into the falcon. Lands on your shoulder. (caws) You watch as Frumpkin takes off into the sky and does a few loops. Go ahead and make a perception check from a bird's eye view, which makes it a little easier. There you go! When humanity fails, bring in the hawks. With a quick, singular pass overhead, you watch as Frumpkin sends you an immediate bit of information. You focus through the eyes, and glancing down, you see a clearing where a large portion of grass, maybe about 60 or so feet from where you guys are, has been pushed down. And you see tracks and drag marks and grooves in the dirt. All right. You guys rush over, and there you can see on the ground this patch of disturbed grass that has been pushed down, along with the dirt that has been jammed and shoved up into small side piles and trenches that were dug in. There's definitely signs of a struggle here. At a quick glance, looking around, footprints and signs, there looks to be somewhere between five to eight sets of footprints you can see from all different angles. And you can see three grooves being dragged through the dirt into the grass, towards the road a little bit northward. Yeah. You guys go ahead and follow these the best you can, eventually making your way to the outer side of the Crispvale Road, the path that you were on already, but a little ways north of where you were. And there you can see the grooves end, and a number of sets of heavy wagon wheels begin, or at least have previously pulled off the trail and then pushed themselves back onto the road. It's hard to tell which direction wagon tracks go in, necessarily. Make a survival check. (laughs) Could be going north. Could be going south. You're not entirely sure. Northeast or southwest. You're not entirely certain. The tracks seem to be traveling either in the northeast direction that the road goes that you were traveling, or heading back towards Hupperdook. What you do notice, though, and what keys you in that this has something to do with this, is the tracks grind off the road by about five or ten feet, and that's where the grooves of these dragged individuals or sacks stop. And then it pushes back onto the road. Make another investigation check. It's better. In looking through near where these cart tracks begin, there's no signs of blood. Going back and following the grooves through the dirt, you find a few small traces. No, just standard dark, dusted-over blood at this point. Make a perception check. 14? As you look off, looking for any sign of change, there's the fog at the far peripheral of where you're watching. Nothing on the road, except for a couple of tufts of scrub brush, catch your eyes, until you see a dark shape on the road to the south. Moving. It looks to be a shadowed outline of a person. They run out in half an hour. It's like a Game Gear. I think Molly's already off. So you've nocked your bolt into your crossbow for the first time. As it winds back, you crank it, and it slips into place. You hear this faint spring tension. As you're preparing for this, Molly and Beau start rushing up. Okay, so you head off into the brush? Make a stealth check. 12, okay. Good to know. Molly, as you get closer, the shape takes more form. As the mist fades and your proximity grows closer, you see a squat figure. Wide and muscular, armored, with a sack over the shoulder. Ashly, if you want to enter? Ashly Burch joins us at the table. So Ashly, if you'd like to describe what Molly sees as he approaches? Roll a perception check for me. Oh! We should get that for you. We got plenty. Yes. So roll a d20, add your perception modifier. So you see one figure coming towards you, difficult to make out gender, of lavender skin, curled horns filled with jewelry, big long coat of multi-colors, maroon, but then it goes into a rainbow pattern almost, with two glowing scimitars to each side, staring you down. Behind that, you see two figures a little bit beyond your sight to make out all the details, but one seems to be a tall humanoid, the other seems to be much shorter and smaller, probably halfling, gnome. And then off in the bushes, not hiding very well, you see another figure, keeping low to your left. The de-escalation has begun. This tiny figure, hooded, with wrappings, and a creepy porcelain doll face that covers-- A giant falcon (caw) lands. It's harsh but functional. Walked over as you poured the drink. Make a history check. You have not heard of the Iron Shepherds before. You have some base knowledge of some families that might do business in the outside, but the information you've been given so far, the Iron Shepherds don't ring a bell. There it was. I was waiting for it. If someone else wasn't going to get there, I was going to do it. So thank you for taking it. There is an aspect of that name that does ring a bell the last name. At which point, you look over past the camp where they are, and there's a cart and there are a number of horses that are currently hitched to it at the moment. For a brief moment, you're like, Oh, the thought of not having to travel on foot sounds fantastic. As you guys pack up your goods, get the rest of your material packed up, couple things to keep in mind. Looking at the map, if you want to pull it out and get an idea of the direction you're traveling. As long you guys can see it is more the job here. You can travel with your horses-- With your horse and cart-- Look at that! Timing. You guys are currently right... here. So you just left Hupperdook, you're on the Crispvale Roadway making your way to the Crispvale Thicket which is the large forest at the crossroads. You can travel about 24 miles per an eight hour day at a normal pace with the horses and cart, you can go 30 miles at a fast pace, and you can force a march to go for another hour, or two, or three afterward but you start making constitution saving throws or take exhaustion points at that point. But you can get quite a good distance depending on how fast you're going. The cart keeps you at a slower pace. If you were to leave the cart behind as an option, you could go faster. You have six horses between five of you, as long as one of you takes the horse head you can have a pack horse, essentially. It's going to be hard to direct it, unless someone keeps it hitched on the side. Having an additional horse right now, how are you going to get that to come with you at a fast pace... without a rider? You can probably carry a few things. You still have horses to help carry things, most of your gear you can still put on yourself. Are there any large things? You're not carrying a manticore head anymore. The main pack, I'd say you can-- I'm going to say the shield's not going to fully fit in it unfortunately. It's a fairly wide shield and won't quite fit. A tent you can probably mangle and push in there and you manage to get the tent in. But the shield someone will have to wear on their back or strap to a horse. You can put the shield-- strap it to a horse, it's fine because it's just an additional thing you're strapping on to it. It's up to you. It's just the additional horse is going to be a problem if you're going to travel at a fast pace. No, there is the Crispvale Thicket ahead which has the crossroads, but there's no town there-- Hupperdook behind you, or, honestly, Nogvurot or Shadycreek Run. So which one do you leave behind then? Welcome to the Mighty Nein. As you say goodbyes to Loaf... You strap your materials to the horses you are taking with you. So you're going at a fast pace. That's 30 miles. SAM and You travel in day. Which will get you well within the Crispvale Thicket. As you guys are riding, who's guiding this trip? Who's keeping an eye on the road ahead of you as you go? You can do that. Sure. This is the one thing you see strapped, laying over the back of his horse. This giant, rolled up, thick, blue and silver tapestry. As you take the full tapestry or just a piece of it. All right, so yeah-- it's you are just-- Yeah. There you go. Okay. You've traveled this path before, so it's well known. Who's keeping watch? Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check for me, Beau. All right, as you're heading down into the center part of the northern side of the Marrow Valley. Keeping a look ahead, you can see just as you crest over this one little embankment, the Crispvale Thicket ahead of you. This beautiful cluster of dark-green trees. The clouds have completely taken the sky back and it's this low, gloomy gray as the air gets chilly, as the day progresses onward getting closer and closer to dusk. You manage to get to the outskirts of the thicket itself. You see the trees growing thicker and the actual canopy of dark green pine trees starting to gather. You now have the opportunity, if you want to, you can travel into the crossroads and head north, or you can skirt around the forest off the path. Those are your-- because you haven't-- you're basically having to go to the center and then back north, but you're on the road the whole time. Or if you wanted to skip past it, you'll travel a little slower-- basically a similar pace. Well you don't know. It just depends on your-- Make a survival check. Looking about, you gather the faster route would probably be to skirt around the outside of the forest. Because you don't have to switch back even though the terrain isn't quite as well tread. However, you've left the cart behind which means the one factor that would've really come into that, is no longer an issue. At this point, in the main road, there are a number of tracks. Whether it be horse, foot, and cart and wheels of all different sizes. You're not able to really tell what's the freshest from a glance. If you want to get off your horse and inspect you can try. That would be survival. You glance down-- From atop your horse you look down and see these smattering of patterns, and as you get down closer it just becomes dirt, and you have no idea how to discern what came when. So, which path do you guys wish to choose? So you're going through the thicket or around the outside of it? Okay. So you're skirting the outside of the thicket. Okay. As you start cresting around the side of the forest, within the first mile or so, you see an abandoned homestead. Maybe 200 feet or so away from the forest on the northern side. It may have been at one time a small farmhouse, but part of the roof is caved in. There once was a window that had pane glass that has since been shattered, and you can see jagged edges along the bottom side of its sill. Right now? I'd say it's probably close to four or five in the afternoon. You have a couple hours before dusk really starts hitting. Frumpkin could, yeah. And it's a one story farmhouse. It's a modest home. Single story, maybe from first glance, three to four rooms, and the partially collapsed roof on one side shows you that's it's been in disuse for some time. Who knows how weathered it may be on the interior. About four or five in the afternoon. So you guys continue. You didn't get close enough to inspect. Yeah. You can certainly try. Yeah, Frumpkin's wingspan in this form is pretty wide, wider than the window. So Frumpkin would have to land on the window and then probably gingerly step in. You guys watch as the horse rides off to the edge. Keg leaps off the horse. Stomps up and just kicks the door open. The door is already partially ajar so it (creaks) and it falls off the top end and leans against the back inside of the farmhouse. There's a brief moment where you feel a couple things settle, a slight creak and the fall of dust, and as you step inside you can see the furniture is in disarray. There is a layer of dust everywhere. There is a smell of old rot and mildew. And glancing inside, you can see there's another window on the opposite side that's also been busted out. This place is pretty thrashed. Are you looking for-- Well you make an investigation check on that. And you make an investigation check to look for things. And if you want-- Yeah, go for it. Oh. Sadly no booze. What did you roll? Hard to tell in this space. A lot of the furniture looks damaged, some of it looks burned weirdly. As you, looking around on the inside, you're rummaging around for any possible books or anything that can be useful. You don't find any books, you do manage to find a bundle of unused torches, five. You have a handaxe that's a little old and rusted, but it's still functional. It's well made. That was left under one of the shelves that had fallen over. And you find a mostly filled oil lantern. While the glass of the actual lantern is broken, it still is pretty filled with oil. So if you wanted to-- if you had a container, you could fill it and have a flask of oil. Then you can go ahead and fill it with oil. Now you have a flask of oil at your disposal. No crests. You glance and you do see a small, iron symbol that looks like a star or sun. You recognize it to be the symbol of Pelor. It probably was a mantle of worship here, but it's, looking on it, the metal looks scarred, strangely. It's almost like elements of-- as you pick it up and glance at it, the pockmark scarring on it is strange. And the mantle around it, you can see, a lot of the wood and stonework seems to have been smoothed over in its damage. Yeah. It snaps off. You get a torch, and you get a torch. Okay. So how long does it take for that? Ten minutes, okay. Wait. All right, so Caleb-- you're having this moment where you're waiting as he's just poring over this tome and drawing a circle on the ground and inscribing strange symbols in the air. It doesn't make any sense. You're like, "Ah, magic stuff." Everybody else roll a perception check, if you don't mind. 17, what did you get? Beau and Keg, you guys hear some noises out back. The horses are getting a little restless and nervous. They're like (anxious chuffing) and you see two of them are starting to clomp back a bit away from the house. Starting to pull at the reins that have been hitched off to the side of the home. At that point, trying to take in what is sending these horses into a weird tizzy, and you feel this faint vibration in the ground, this very subtle quaking. Okay, still utilizing the same perception checks you have, looking in both directions, nothing. There is-- you're maybe a little over a hundred feet or so from the tree line. Which is what you were staying close to, to not be out in the middle of the open field. But you don't see anything coming or going. Okay. You do. There's this faint (soft rumbling), and it seems to be moving in shifts or in pulses of intensity, getting more intense and some of them longer and some of them shorter. No, that's what you're sensing. Okay, you guys are headed for the trees? Spell's lost, Molly and Caleb start running out of the home to the tree line. And you're just going up on the roof? You're still on horseback, you can jump off your horse. Right, right. So you're leaving your horse there and if-- you can try and look up on the roof. Part of it's collapsed. You don't know the state it's in, but you can try. Okay (galloping). You start heading back to the tree line. What are you guys doing? You can't, you haven't sensed anything. Everyone has just started getting nervous and rushing for the tree line. You can hear the faint rumbling, and it is getting louder. You're about 20 or so feet from the tree line. Okay. Your horse begins to head in a southward direction. So you're staying by the house? Make a stealth check. Caleb and Molly, you guys are riding towards the treeline. First thing you notice is a splash of dirt to the south. You see a small detonation out of the earth in the direction of where your horse had been traveling off. You see something emerge from the ground and your horse ride up and hoof down and begin to run back in your direction away from it. It seemed to cut it off at the south. As it is running towards you-- You see something spray or splash in its direction as it turns, and it whinnies in horrible pain before it collapses onto the ground, spinning. It lies there on the ground, making this horrible (squealing) sound. As you're watching, from what you can see in the distance, its flesh burning. It looks in a really bad place. At this point in time, Molly and Caleb, you hear the vibration as the ground bursts to the right and left of you. Let me get the map, since that's where we're going now. Yeah, we're going to move this map out of the way. There is Caleb. There's Molly, just on the outskirts of the forest, this way. Bursting to each side of you, you see these large insectoid creatures that burst out of the dirt and ground. Beau, you are right over on this side, as you left your horse on a southern direction there. Both Nott and Keg are about 100 feet that direction. Yeah. While you guys are over by the house, you watch as this is going on, and there doesn't appear to be any action immediately near you, so you're quite a distance away. You can. If your horse is still right by the-- No, your horses rushed off towards the-- Your horse is still there, that's right. You still have your horse there. You can jump on your horse and head that direction, if you want to. All right, so you rush onto that. I need everybody to roll initiative, please, because we are now in combat. 25 to 20? Beau's up first. 20 to 15? Molly's up next. 15 to ten? Caleb, what did you get? All right. And? Ooh. Not so great for Keg. That's all right. Top of the round, Beau. There's a third one down that way that's maybe about 30 feet away from you that is heading your direction. It's up to you if you want to pursue that or come help out your friends. Yeah, you should. Yeah, you can easily get there. 15 hits. That is a six, a five plus one. It does not save. As you rush up to the side, you look for what-- and what you see now, at a close look, is this massive almost eight to nine feet tall to its head, insect-like, large cockroach-type creature. Its chitinous armored body is segmented in places. There's large antennae and these massive pincers come out of its mouth, with its strange insectoid eyes, this gooey saliva that's dripping out of the center of its mouth. As it spins around towards you, you see a moment where, between its plates and its body, seems to be a soft, muscle-like underbelly. You jam your fist in there and attack, and it seems to lock up its body for a moment. Roll damage. All right, so that's your first strike? Nice. The first strike ends up as just enough to cut past its defenses to stun it. As it's reeling from the impact, your other blow, crack! with your staff to the side, hits it, and part of its armor cracks inward, exposing more of its tender underbelly. Okay, you want to learn three things from it. What do you want to learn? Dexterity saving throw is zero. Plus zero. Plus one. No vulnerabilities. Still have a bonus attack. 13. Technically, your attacks have advantage while it's stunned, so you get to roll again. Does not hit. Even while stunned, you swing back with your fist, and your knuckles glide off of part of the armor that is still hardened, and it hurts your knuckles and you pull back a second, but it's not immediately able to do anything back at you. That's your turn, I believe? All right, that ends your turn? Molly, you're up next. (counting) 30, so you're just out of range of it, but you can use your movement to move up to it. There you go. You do. You watch as Molly fades out of existence and then appears, Nightcrawler teleport-style right behind Caleb. Go for it. Yep. So 13 damage? 19 hits. 11 points of damage. All right, that'll do it. With that, you teleport next to it and carve it asunder. It screams as you slice through it all three times, and you bisect it in the center of where its thorax begins. Falls to the ground and crumples into pieces, its greenish blood spilling into the dirt and floor of the forest underbrush. All right, ends Molly's turn. Nott, you're up. You do. You have 25 feet of movement. Perfect. There you go. Finishing your go. Nott, you are way off that way. You're about 100 feet away, yeah. That's 30 feet. You could dash as a bonus action, if you wanted to. It does seem to lose your stealth, unfortunately. You could be low in the brush, but you're not moving quiet, carefully. We'll say at that point, that'll get you about to the edge of the board there. Keg is going to be catching up to you at this point. Okay. Got you. That ends Nott's turn. It's now their turn. As one of them that previously killed Beau's horse-- To that side there. Another one bursts from the ground-- --On this side, and skitters over this direction. This one's going to move up to there. If your horse is there, it can't quite move to that space, which is frustrating it. That's fine. It'll pull back a bit, then, and stay there. Actually, no, because you killed the fourth one, so it's not present. As they all turn around and, watching its one friend get cut down, they begin to line up, all three of them pull back and its pincers open as it releases this splashing stream of deep green-like liquid that sprays out in front of it, for 30 feet, five foot wide. Nope, this is a saving throw scenario. I need Molly and Caleb to make dexterity-- actually, for this one, it's just Molly and the horse, because it doesn't quite get to Caleb on that one. Yep. Okay, so you take half damage. There you go. You take seven points of acid damage. As it streaks across your body. Your horse does not make the saving throw. Your horse gets sprayed on the side and makes a horrible, pained neighing sound as it falls to the ground, its body now acidically burning away. It's not surviving this. This one right here is going to spray you as well, Molly. Another dexterity saving throw, please. 11 does not succeed. You suffer 14 points of acid damage as another stream blasts into your back and shoulder, burning through your flesh, and the side of your face begins to pull away and smoke. Back here, this one is going to shoot in a stream that hits Beau, Caleb, and the horse. I need you to-- Dex save, yes. Your horse made it, though. That is 14 points of acid damage to both of you. The horse takes seven. It's hurt, still surviving. That's going to end their go. It's now the horses' turn. Yeah. This one's running. Yep. And it's going to run off the battlefield there. He's dead. All righty. That's going to end their go. Caleb and Keg, you guys are up. On horseback? That's a fairly good distance speed of 60 feet. That'll get you up to... we'll say up to there. Pretty much right to the edge of where that is there. I'll say because a horse doesn't get any attack on-- and it would normally get an action, I'll let the horse dash. So that'll get you right up next to this one. Yeah. Just for the hell of it, make an acrobatics check for me. What could possibly go wrong? So as the horse is galloping, you watch-- You watch as Keg gets up on top, holding the reins. (hoofbeats) Pulls the warhammer out and then at the right moment just leaps off while pulling the battleaxe out, doing a flip in the air, landing and coming down with both weapons. Go ahead and make your attacks on the opposite side of it. 17 hits. Yeah, that hits. So go ahead and roll both those damage. Six and 12? Nice. Still have your bonus action. Yeah, because you're dual wielding. So you attack, attack, and then attack. 15. Still hits. Yep. Armor class of... Nine points of damage. Oof! So as you come down, both weapons (whack) clanging onto it, you hear the armor crack from underneath and you watch as its light green blood begin to seep through the wounds you left. As it turns around, this weird clicking, sucking sound out of its face, you laugh-- --and slam it in the side of the face with your warhammer. (screech) It pulls back and it's now bleeding out of its jaw as it looks pretty hurt. It is, yes. 12 misses, unfortunately. (ping) The bolt streaks off-- actually, it hits the side of Keg's armor-- Shearing off. All right. Caleb, you're up. All righty. All right. So you are Hasted there. You're going to move as far as you can to Nott. There you go. That finishes your turn. Top of the round, Beau you're up and hasted. You step around the trunk of the tree. You get three base attacks, correct. (singing) Haste. (hits) That hits. All righty. Nice. Third strike. Yep, that'll hit. Seven points of damage on that, fantastic. And you still have your bonus. Two more attacks. (cheering) So you do get one more hit. So roll damage for that. 11 damage. That's okay. That'll do it. You just spin around, the adrenaline pumping through your veins from Caleb's spell instilling you with unnatural speed. You rush forward and just (hits) and just do the fastest full on combo. You watch as she basically pummels this giant nine foot insect creature into submission. It falls to the ground as you're just pummelling its face until it eventually collapses and sputters out the remaining breath before it stops moving. Fantastic. You still have... 75 feet of movement. Because you're hasted. Oh, yeah. You go around the tree and then tap it on the shoulder. Just to be a dick. All right. That finishes your turn, Beau? All right. Molly, you're up next. All righty. So move over and push into this space-- Because it's an ally, I'll let you move into the horse's space there. That'll hit. 14 points of damage, nice. That'll hit. Advantage is nice. Ooh. No, it's still alive. (groans) That one hadn't taken any damage. Oh wait, no! Oh sorry. I was writing that down under the wrong one. My apologies. Yes, it is dead. I was writing it under the wrong one. So as you dart off behind, the first two strikes you unleash carve it into two pieces. You watch as the creature, as it's turning around to hiss and rear back, its pincers about to carve into your face, you watch as the head just rolls off of its body and there behind you see Molly standing there with the blades out. Okay, you're going to-- right there? Okay. That finishes your go, Molly. Nott, you're up. The inner range is what? It's just out of your 30 range. So mysteriously... Perfect. All right, so. As the image of Beau appears before, just standing there quietly shifting, holding its space. You can use your movement to go behind and then hide if you want to. All right, so go ahead and roll a stealth check. You teleport through campaigns. You're somehow in campaign one. All right. That finishes Nott's turn. All right. So it's now that guy's turn. Currently surrounded by Beaus-- Too many Beaus. It's going to go ahead and see if it can gather which one is the real threat. Rolls a natural 19. So even with its low intelligence, it can discern the nature of which-- Really? Puce? It's going to go ahead and make a bite attack towards you, Beau. That is going to be a 12 to hit? Yeah. It just reaches out with its pincers. You manage to go ahead and duck out of the side and slam your bo into it, causing it to just completely miss you. It rears back. It does not regain its acid spray and that's its turn. Both horses just go running off the board into the fray. Or away from the fray. All right, that brings us to Keg. You can. Nine damage to that one. Seven points of damage. The first one swings wide, no impact. The second one slams as a backhand into its armor, causing it to crack. Using that opening, you pull back with your battleaxe and jam it into the wound, carving in deeper. It's looking pretty hurt, but it's still standing. Anything else you wanted to do in your turn? You're going to hang back? That's what happens when you get Emmy award winners at the table. You get that. Yeah, that's about it. You've peaked at this point, we're done after this. It's all downhill. We'll work on it. That ends your go, Keg. Caleb, you're up. As you finish your attacks, you glance over your shoulder as you hear this sound. You look in the distance; you see Caleb-- who at this point has been this dirty hobo in the background-- all of a sudden, fire these three mystical arcane missiles that glow and arc off anime-missile style, through the woods, avoiding trees, and all three slamming into the sides of this creature. Go ahead and roll damage. Ten total. (multiple impacts) It sits there for a second after the impact, leaving these large craters in the side of its chitinous armor where it's cracked and bits of liquid are spilling out of it. It looks heavily wounded, but it's still alive. You're going to stay where you're put? Revealing her position. That's all good. That finishes Caleb's go. Beau, you're up. That just hits. 13 does not hit. Unfortunately, no. Nothing is actually flanking it. 18 hits. 15 points of damage on the first hit? Beau, how do you want to do this? As you and Keg are both there clamoring on two sides of it, the image of yourself on the opposite end, what do you want to do? As you crowbar off a large part of its exterior insectoid armor skeleton, it exposes this horrible yellowish, sinewy muscle interior as all the striations are pulling off of the armor. As it's exposed, it tries to go in to protect itself, but you're too quick, and you zero in and plunge your fist into its body as it falls to the ground with a horrible sucking, guttural, slimy death and pull it out. Technically-- Okay. You can go ahead and make a medicine check. No, the shield was strapped onto one of the horses. You're not sure but it looks dire. Sure, if you want to go ahead and step up to the horse. Make a medicine check. Unless this horse gets some serious treatment, it's done. Instantly mercy killed. Nott, you do manage to catch up to the other horses. They didn't go full sprint into infinity. They slowed down and once they got a safe distance from the action-- you manage to recover two of them. There's still your horse by the house; you still have three horses. You can go check. Go ahead and make a medicine check as you approach. Water Closet looks not long for this world. Okay. Water Closet is still technically holding onto life. No. Water Closet's final horrible moment is its riders cutting its tongue out. Correct. It's possible. As you guys begin to try and work out your arrangements and the horses, unfortunately, due to the heavy nature of your armor and the broad form and heavy body of Keg, it looks like you won't be able to fit Keg and one other individual on a horse. But there are other combinations that might work. You and Molly can do it, yeah. Keg's about as dense as two of you. Unless I am mistaken-- I'm going to go ahead and check one element of this because it will-- The battle was pretty quick. You still have probably another hour and a half, two hours, before sundown. If you want to go ahead and take a shot at trying-- Yeah. New toys. TALIESIN and I've wanted to have a setup like that since high school. And now I can. You've never encountered these creatures; you don't have much of an understanding of their anatomy beyond the experience you had extracting the aspects from them, which actually would give you a little better idea of their physicality in some places. Because you looked at their constitution and dexterity, I'll say that you know that the tendons and some of the muscle sinew that they use in the inside of their body is very strong and very tight and can be used as cording. It can be used for anything that would involve a very strong piece of cord or rope. That could possibly be harvested. It's a dangerous process, you can certainly try. I don't know, you can certainly try. It's trying to carefully remove a giant sac of natural acid from a creature's body. You want to roll the dice? All right. Well, you have to pull it out. You have to remove it. You watch as they pull this pack out and Beau, reaching in, pulls out this strange, 12-sided construction. It looks like it's some sort of an opaque crystal, almost like a marble type of color. It's grayish and it's undulating with some slight pulsing light, like a faint heartbeat, with these golden handles affixed to it. As she pulls it out and begins to focus on it, there's this moment of distant meditation before she comes back with a breath and places it back in. It's a strange sight. Do you have a blade to harvest? Super bright right now. I will say, because of your understanding of its body from extracting the aspects of it, do you wish to utilize nature or medicine for this roll? Giving you the choice. Go ahead and make your check. Just a straight check. Skill check with medicine bonus, whatever that may be. You've seen Beau be pretty precise in combat and pinpointing the weak elements of an opponent's body. This is almost poetry. The surgical precision in which Beauregard takes the dagger and cuts, pulls, rips, pulls and lifts. Tucks, finds, cuts, removes, and within a matter of about a minute, a minute and a half, there is a sac about the size of a basketball-- the ends have been tied off and feels like a water balloon. Make a dexterity check, just a straight dexterity check. That's good. You do not just puncture a balloon while looking directly at it. You manage to find one of the areas that taper within this organ, whatever it is that was removed, and manage to siphon it off in a way where you can fill the rest of your vials, however many empty vials you have. Yeah. You have three vials of acid now. It's more of a tossed weapon or used to dissolve things. You guys have taken a short time-- it's taken about half an hour or so for you to go through this process of extracting that and carefully filling these vials and discussing amongst yourselves who would get what. You have about an hour until dusk hits. About an hour until dusk. Yes, about here is where the forest begins, and that is where you began your confrontation. You're right on the edge of the forest. Make an athletics check. Yes. Like a monkey that was raised in the jungle, you watch Beauregard leap from branch to bough, effortlessly diving through this forest. The afterglow of Haste. You make it up into the canopy. Make a perception check. Even at the tallest tree, most around you, all you can see are other trees of varying heights. Looking in the northeast direction, beyond where you just came from, you can see the house, you can see bits of natural rock that maybe had either been left by some long-ago volcanic detonation in the distance, or pushed up through the ground by tectonic movement, you're not sure. You see elements of stone that have broken through bits of the grass and open fields, part of the natural fields here. You haven't actually traveled this far north, so it's unfamiliar topography to you-- you've only heard about it-- but it's interesting to see that the further north you get, the more rocky the terrain seems to get in the direction you're traveling. You do see, far in the distance, what could possibly be the road that you're getting to, but it's a ways off to get to that direction. You guys continue for the next hour or so, skirting along the forest. You guys gather some kindling, get back to your three horses and your comparatively uncomfortable riding arrangement, and continue on for another hour on the outside of the forest before the sun does eventually vanish. The graying sky is getting darker and darker, the faint bits of orange that poke through-- it's not a beautiful sunset, you only catch the faint hues that manage to push through the gloom, but the sky grows dark enough to the point where you think you should set up camp. Are you setting up camp at the edge of the forest, on the inside of the forest, on the outside of the forest, what's your preference? Okay. You guys set up camp. Who's keeping first watch? You guys want to both individually roll perception or one aid the other? With the help action. Go for it. Plus? All righty. As everyone's settling in, begins to find their initial portions of rest, you guys have your small fire there on the edge. Molly, you glance off deeper into the forest... and your eyes, even at this distance, catch a faint glimmer of matching flame. You see a faint bit of firelight sparkling about 200 feet deeper into the forest. It is dark, yeah. It's probably pushing 1000, 1030. Owls are nocturnal yes. You would know that. Okay. You don't have your long rests yet, so don't mark that yet. Okay. So as Frumpkin begins to crawl through the forest in the direction of the fire, we're going to go ahead and take a break. Yeah. It's almost nine o'clock so we're going to take a break. So we'll be back here in a few minutes. Thank you for coming along with us for this bit so far. We'll be back to continue from where we left off there. We do have our first giveaway at our first break in the new studio. (cheers) Critical Role. I did. Like twice. All righty. Break time guys, let's go. [break] One, two, three, fuck you. As Frumpkin begins-- [owl hooting] Yeah. We're in a forest at night, guys. Frumpkin makes his way through the dark tree bottoms, eventually coming upon-- actually, this would be a more creepy setting for this, I think. That's better. Frumpkin slowly comes upon the warmth of this distant fire, closer and closer until coming around the corner, seeing a small fire heating a cauldron of some kind, some metal bowl. A bit of steam is rising off of whatever liquid is in the interior. You see an elderly woman in darker, tattered clothing that drapes off of the body, hunched but tall, very tall, like six and a half feet tall at a hunch. Make a perception check for Frumpkin, please, at this distance with disadvantage. Yes. The skin of this woman is a faint gray color, almost a gray-blue tint. The hair is this matted mess of tangled white and gray that is pulled back and tied behind the head where it cascades over the shoulders. The ears are long and pointed, out to the sides a bit. The nose is wide and pressed up into the face. She is going back and forth from this little hovel that's on the opposite side, that's built between two trees a large thick one and another that seems to have fallen and come to rest at an angle next to it. In that small cranny between the two trees, you can see this little hut built of thatch and sticks and rope to construct this little home. It's almost like an arch that's holding it up. Near the ground of this cauldron, you see a child of some kind that is sitting on the ground, holding knees to its chest. It looks to be a boy. Yes. At the moment, no. It looks like she is going to and from this little homestead and putting things into this cauldron. Okay. You watch now as the woman takes a small clay cup and dips it into this cauldron and pulls out this steaming mass of liquid that she's contained within it, turns to the child, walks over and kneels down beside. Places the long fingers along the shoulder and hands the cup to the child. The child takes it, looking at her, and slowly sips from it. Burns the mouth a little bit. Beauregard, you're leading up? So not stealthing? Roll a stealth check, Beau. Who else is following Beau? Stealth check from you. Nope. A short rest-- You didn't call it out. I will allow a short rest before you guys went to bed. It's fine, I'll allow it. The two of you have branched off and are stealthing, you think. What are you doing, Caleb? Okay, and what's your stealth check? Okay. What are you doing, Keg? You have disadvantage, however, in your armor. The anti-Wheaton has been found. You can never touch Wil Wheaton, or you guys will cancel each other out like the bad guy in Time Cop. Oh my god. Strangely, the stealthiest of all of you is the dwarf in plate armor. Exactly. All right, Molly, you're staying 30 feet back? You all slowly begin to approach this fire, seeing the shapes and the figures described by Caleb previously. Beau, you step forward and your foot catches an under root and stumble for a moment. You hear the scrambling of her arms across the bottom of the forest floor, the moving and shifting of leaves and branches. The old woman looks up in that direction and looks back at you, immediately making eye contact with you about 30 feet away. Her arms immediately jump up in your direction as she begins to shout, "You! You will not take any more of us! I will sooner die!" Make a wisdom saving throw. Yes. You feel some sort of magical force suddenly penetrate your mind, and this sparkle of colors begin to spray in front of your face that completely distract you and obscure your vision momentarily, but you blink out of it and find the effect drift off of your brain. The old woman goes "(panting)," and reaches down and puts herself in front of the boy, between you and the child. Make a persuasion check. Her immediate tension drops slightly. She's still maintaining a very defensive position in front of the child. One hand is still up, but it seems that she's pulled back a bit from the aggressive stance she was previously in. As she lifts her face a bit, you can see a bit more of her expression in the light as the hair pulls away as she lifts her chin. You can see that the face is humanoid, but with a wider nose. The skin is grayish, almost a blue tint, with bits of a soft fur. It takes you a second to recognize where you've seen these features before. This appears to be the same type of race that Pumat Sol is. It is a firbolg. You can see there is a series of necklaces that looks to be bones and rocks and stones that have been polished that dangle around her neck as adornments and trinkets. A few bird skulls hanging on it, as well. The child, also you see, is a young firbolg, as well. Knees tucked against his chest. You can see that the child looks scraped up and bruised, and appears to have been injured. "Not my son, but we have lost a few, yes." Looks past you, for a second, to Molly, who is not being stealthy, either. "How many are you?" "Very well." Okay. "I apologize, I've been on edge for a number of days. You seem to know these people or "have heard of them at least?" "I'm sorry. I am Jumnda. I'm a healer in my aged years for the Guiatao Clan. We are small in "number and, now, yet smaller still." Guiatao. G-U-I-A-T-A-O. "This little one is Umbo. He is awake now, which is good fortune. I've been trying to bring "him back to health for a couple of days." "Yes, he is under my care now." The woman, Jumnda, looks around for second and takes a deep breath. "Three days back, the "clan was in celebration for the coming of age for young Duma. Roasted boar was prepared, and the "twenty of us were dancing around the fire when the murderers came. Slew Toffah and Wolya with their "arrows as they danced together. Others fought. Fennis died protecting me, and I managed to grab "Ombo here as he had been beaten within an inch of his life to unconsciousness. We fled. But I "watched as they grabbed others in nets, pulling them away as they screamed and yet made no noise." You know exactly who and what she's talking about. The methods are very familiar. "When they left, I "returned to nurse those I could back to health. Nila, by some luck, was off when the attack "happened. She returned to find her love and child taken. "They were lucky." "Had you been awake, you might have had the urge or instinct to defend them." "Well, you're as brave as Nila." "She was. I don't know where she is or if she has fared well-- if they've found her. I think she overestimates her capability." "Her son was Dua." You may. 15? SAM, TALIESIN, and "Well, if we indeed have an enemy in common, you are welcome to stay with us." And she glances across you. "I can perhaps maybe tend to some of your wounds. We have tea that's ready that may "help you in your journey ahead." "I'm afraid that is beyond my capability." "Well, if there are more of you, they are welcome as well. I do not know if I have enough "tea for everyone if there is more, but--" "No." "I see that you have encountered some of the ankheg variety." You gather over to their space. It's a nice, lived-in space. You get the sense this is the home for this medicine woman, who doesn't live directly with the rest of the village. She inspects your wounds, has some balms and natural remedies to help prevent infection. The tea, while it is not necessarily delicious by any means-- it is very herbal and medicinal-- it does fill you with a sense of rest and relief, and what restlessness you may have been struggling with through a night's rest is absolved. MARISHA and As you guys manage to say here for the evening, you get the benefits of a long rest. You come to consciousness. Now in the morning day, which is a little more peaceful. You awaken. Over by the fire the little boy, Ombo, is sitting there, currently with these two small wooden pikes that are jammed into the side and some squirrel-like critters that are hanging on them that are put towards the fire, cooking. As you awaken, Ombo turns and smiles. Doesn't say anything, but looks over and inspects them and then brings them back and hands them out to you. You don't see her at the moment, but you do hear a bit of rustling in the actual little hovel in the tree archway. You can. You notice that the horses have actually been brought closer. They've been hitched together to one of the local stumps, to the circle here. It seems that in your rest, your very deep rest through the evening, a lot of things have been tended to and taken care of in your presence. As part of your long rest, and the tea which you took in the evening, you do have advantage on perception checks for the next eight hours. Okay. He freezes on the arrival. He seems to smile again, looking up at you, looking up at Frumpkin. Stays frozen in place. At which point, the doorway opens from the hut and Jumna emerges with a small pouch of some kind. Steps up to the rest of you. "I see you have awoken. I know you'll be on your way shortly, but "maybe this can help." She pulls back the top of the leather pack and reaches in, and pulls out a cluster of moss that has been dried, and holds it out to whoever's closest or wishes to take it. "Should you find yourself in a wounded state, this should help you with some rapid "recovery of the wounds." It acts as a greater healing potion, but it takes a minute to administer, so it's a non-combat scenario. "No, it is crumbled and then ingested. You can also put some in the actual wounds, if you "like, but it is meant for ingestion." "Just north is what I know. North, northeast?" "If you find her and whatever state you find her... if it's not a good state, will you promise "me to at least bring her back so we can give her a proper burial?" "That's all I can ask." "Anyway. I thank you. Ombo thanks you. And--" No, not at all. He does have a giant owl on his shoulder and is currently preoccupied with the owl. Ooh. Make a sleight of hand check. Eight? Okay. It happens but-- The trick is very visible, what you did, the kid still seems amused. Smiles. Frumpkin ruffles his feathers, looks a bit spooked. "Thank you for hopefully doing some good in a very dark world." "Uh... that does not ring a bell?" "I apologize, I do not." As you guys gather your things, get the horses ready, Ombo approaches and gives a little wave. You watch as Jumma approaches from behind and rests her hand on his shoulder. Looks up to you and says, "Please, be safe." Charming adjacent? As you vanish into the treeline, Ombo the child seems transfixed by the owl's behavior before disappearing behind the trees, and you guys find your way back to the open fields of the northern Marrow Valley. So. Now back on horseback, what pace are you traveling at? Are you still going at a fast pace? All right. Are you going at a normal pace, or a fast pace? Sure. All right. It is absurd. There are sketches across the spectrum of silly-faced interpretations and caricatures of the people you've met, of each of you. There are little notes to The Traveler throughout. You see people that you've liked in the past looking beautiful, with tiny bodies, you see people who you've hated in the past getting stepped on by a poop monster. It's childish in all the delightful ways that you'd expect from Jester's capability. There are notes. (pause) I will say, Laura is not here to specify necessarily, that there are passages in Common to The Traveler. What languages do you know? And there are a number of passages in a language you don't understand. Meatier passages. Longer ones. So you carry on at a pretty good pace, and you're traveling rather swiftly. Though traveling at this speed, it's harder to perceive things at a distance. Thankfully, this renewed vigor from the tea that you had for the evening may help you in that endeavor as well. So, who is keeping watch on the roads ahead of you? All right. Go ahead and make a perception check with advantage, and minus five to whatever you-- Correct. Okay then. For the next eight hours or so, you guys continue on the trek on the outskirts of the Crispvale Thicket. Eventually coming to meet up with the Glory Run Road that heads northward to the direction of Nogvurot. You can see there's a road sign that specifically points up to Nogvurot, southward to the crossroads. Following the map and the path you've charted out, in your experience as well, you travel for quite a ways along Glory Run and then just head straight north towards the Quannah Breach, so you'll be going off into just grassland and scrubland at a certain point. Essentially. About then eight hours hit, you have another hour or so before the sun begins to go down. You can continue to push for another hour if you'd like to, and all take constitution saving throws, it's up to you. You can do the one more hour, or you can stop and set an early camp and get another evening's rest. But, you do not spot anything along the way. It's a beautiful open field. You probably have maybe two days' more travel before you get there. No, you travel for another hour of additional movement, which will get you probably another six miles ahead, then we'll see if you get a point of exhaustion. You push for the ninth hour. I need you all to make constitution saving throws, please. Caleb, you take a point of exhaustion. The rest of you do not. On ability checks, that's all. As the sky grows dark, the still gray clouds that have taken the sky overhead, the temperature is dropping significantly. It looks like it's going to be a particularly cold night. Do you wish to continue pushing on? Make a perception check. You've push now past hour nine, so you cannot have advantage. Nine. Best you can find looking around, there are a few small boulders or pieces of natural rock formations that have pushed up out of the local hills, as you are moving through this more hilly area of the northern valley, but there's no alcoves or caves that you're catching a vision of that would give you safe and out of the public eye. There's only one way to find out. You can travel for another hour. Okay. Make a perception check. It's the owl, technically, not him. At this distance, it looks like it's straight, moving, rolling hills and bursts of stone. First watch is you two. Do you wish to combine your perception checks for this watch, or take them individually? Roll individually. First watch manages to go by. You both keep a very sharp eye out in the distance. Nothing seems to catch your attention, though the night is getting quite cold. Towards the end of your watch, snowfall begins to slowly descend upon the northern valley. All right. So, Molly and Beau taking the second watch, would you mind deciding who's making perception checks, please? Taliesin Want to both go for it? Marisha Yeah. Okay. As you guys go to bed, the both of you keep an eye out for the rest of the evening. For the rest of your watch, at least; and seemingly uneventful. Yeah. The rest of your watch goes uneventful, leaving to Caleb the final watch. All right. Make a perception check. Actually you and Frumpkin can both make separate ones, I'll let you do that. I can pull those up pretty quick. All right, so that would be a plus one. That rely on hearing or sight, so you have advantage on it though, because the owl does have keen hearing and sight. Thirteen, okay. Looks like this watch is uneventful as well. You guys had a clean night. They all seem pretty asleep. (hooting) Your watch comes to a close just as the morning light begins to crest into the sky. There's a mild break in the clouds on the eastern horizon over the Ashkeeper and the Dunrock Mountains. You're still getting a mostly cloudy sky, but there are occasional bits of morning light, faint light blues and yellows, and soft white. The snowfall that has come throughout the evening and packed up the very chilly cold night is beginning to faintly thaw, but it is still a very cold morning. As you all begin to come to consciousness and gather your things, the clouds close once more, and you look off towards the northeast side of the valley and you can see another darkened cloud coming with more snow and a less forgiving turn of weather. Although it's a ways off, you can see it this far away. You pick up your things, horses at the ready. Do you continue your journey? Anything you want to do before you head off? Okay. You have to set two horses side by side and use your staff there to give you pull ups. There's not any trees here, but you manage to pull it together. On the road while you're-- You're just Chuck Norris-ing it between the two horses. (galloping noises) (Schwarzenegger voice) Always pulling up. Always. Pushing on at what pace? I imagine continuing at your hurried pace? Pushing on for the remainder of this day, who is keeping watch? Go ahead and roll perception for me, please. Yes, minus five because you're traveling at fast pace. Still an 18. That's good. About three or so hours into your journey, Molly, you look up ahead and you can see a cluster of horses and a couple of carts heading your direction, heading southward. You're not quite there yet, but you're getting close to where the direction you should continue on breaks off of Glory Run, but you're still on the road. You do see a small caravan making their way southward in your direction. Okay. You guys move off to the side. Make a perception check. Glancing off, as you approach, you begin to make out details. You do not recognize this troupe, and the cart seems like there are tarps and cloths laid over large bundles. They are obscured from view specifically so the contents cannot be seen, which is not what you're looking for. They don't want anyone to see what's under the tarp, which is not the usual operation that you've seen. The folks that travel southward, they're dressed like normal traveling merchants not of a wealthy regard, but those who probably bring common supplies, things from the northern side, bringing them southward. It looks like they have supplied up for a trade run and they're heading southward. As they ride past you guys to the right side, they give a nod. The next rider gives a nod. With the perception roll you made, it's hard to see because they've covered it specifically. You can see underneath edges and pieces that are pushing out, and the shape in places. It looks like they're bringing farming supplies. It looks like they're bringing possibly grains and foods. It looks like things that would be easy pickings. They're not the kind of people that can defend it, so it's maintain mystery and keep pushing. Okay. You continue on. On this next leg of your journey, we're riding on your perception roll off the road, your natural 20. I'll let that stand for a bit. The pace that you've been keeping on this without being kept by your cart has gained you quite a bit of ground and about another two hours or so into this afternoon, your eyes catch another cluster of carts facing the same direction you are. You may. It takes you a moment of getting close and you're about, I'd say, a quarter mile back from this troupe. You can see the familiar two larger carts, one smaller. It stinks of familiarity to you. They're moving, yeah. It's mid-afternoon at this time. You've been traveling since shortly after daybreak, so it's three o'clock in the afternoon. You have another hour or so before you hit your eight hour mark and your horses start tiring and you start tiring. You're a couple days' travel or so from it at this pace. Yes, it is. I'm going to have to ask you, Keg, to make a wisdom saving throw, please. That is not a success. You feel, strangely, though it is out of character for your intent, magically compelled to offer up a fair amount of information that would seem useful in the coming scenario about these individuals. As much as would seem useful for this. Yes. Interpret that as you feel necessary. You do know that he walks with this nasty-looking glaive. It's a polearm with a large hooked blade at the end of it that he uses as both a symbol of station and a very dangerous weapon, if need be. Gives him reach, gives him range. You're pretty sure there's a sorcerer, you're pretty sure there's a druid. You don't know a lot about magic stuff, but you know one of them seems to be more nature-based and the other seems to throw spells, but is cock-sure and charismatic. The half-elf is a very short, pointed pixie cut that is ashy blonde. The spell comes to a close now because you have fulfilled the suggestion. Okay. Frumpkin takes off and begins to coast at a fair enough distance to keep an eye down. Make a perception check for Frumpkin with advantage. Yeah, he's an owl still. Owl has keen sight and hearing. Frumpkin, getting a nice view from this distance, makes out that there are three carts. There is a figure at each cart. The two larger ones have two horses at each front, the third one has one horse. There is a rider on each of the horses, or at least there is a rider on the smaller horse and there are two that are sitting at the front of the carts that are currently holding onto the reins of the other two. You do see, sitting next to the individual at the reins at the front, a very thick, muscular man, bald with tattoos across the back of his head-- With the glaive resting at the side, staring ahead. Everyone else seems to have hoods up and are trying to keep their image obfuscated. Lorenzo, he has a cloak on and stuff, but right now he has the hood back. You really don't see anybody catching their attention. He seems to be enjoying the air across his hairless head. You see seven figures. As far as you know, most of that process happens once they take them back because usually it's a grab and run type scenario. But they do usually have them manacled, hogtied manacle style and gagged. About two days, yeah. Two days at your pace, probably three days at theirs. All right. (laughter) It was going to happen eventually. About a few more hours, sundown hits, we'll say for the purposes of the narrative here. They pull off to the side of the road and begin to set up camp. Keeping an eye on this in the distance, you watch them. Keeping far enough away, making sure you're not in eyeshot of them, as part of that, I will say two of you helm a stealth check to see whether or not they see you on the road behind them. Well, it lasts for a day. All right, you take your fragment of possibility. So... go ahead and roll. It's afterward. You can roll it and then choose to. It's like a luck point. All right. You guys stay back and watch as they pull off and make camp. With that, as the cover of ever-encroaching night becomes your ally, you begin to arc around on the opposite end of the road going behind one of the larger hill grades, which manages to hide your horses as you speed up and take off ahead. To do this, it's going to cost you an hour of pushing past, so everyone make your constitution saving throws please. Okay. All right, so Beau and Caleb, you both take a point of exhaustion. So you're going to have disadvantage on ability checks. All righty. So, pushing forward on this, you come to a point-- how far ahead of the road of them do you want to set up your ambush? 60-foot. Maybe. Right. So who's taking a look for a good ambushing point? So roll for disadvantage because it is night. Even though you have night vision, it's only a short distance. Correct. All right, you find a place-- (laughter) Three carts, two larger ones and one smaller. All you saw was just goods in the back. You haven't inspected them for weak points, you're not the brightest bulb in the shed necessarily when it comes to these things. They're cages, they're made mostly of metal and they seem to hold. They got locks. Keeping an eye on the area as you're having this conversation, you glance around and there's an area not too far ahead that you can just see a little bit of the moonlight breaking through the clouds. The snow has not quite arrived yet. But you can see there are these two small hills that flank the sides of the road not far ahead where you can see there are some boulders that protrude. it looks like there is a tree stunk-- stunk?-- tree stump and an old rotted tree that's sitting on another one. It's not a very big tree. If it were to fall it would just hit the side of the hill and be on the side of the road. No, they're not very high, they're maybe seven, ten feet tall at the highest? And it looks like there's been some erosion on the sides where they've just slipped on certain edges. Okay...? Both of you make a dexterity check. Well, this would technically be a grapple, so it would be athletics for you-- --and then it would be athletics or acrobatics for you. Completely pulled out of your grasp. They can't see them, from what you know. From what Keg told you, they're magically cloaked until you get there. No, from what your experience would be, they would probably go to the hideout, to their little homestead deeper into the Savalierwood. They would drop off their payload and celebrate, probably, for an evening of revelry, and then come back the next day to begin the process of preparing them for delivery, which involves breaking them. Presumably. There are also people that would-- --would help them. They have allies. I mean, they're working for one of the tribe families, so yeah. To set the alarm. Okay. I'm going to pull out the map of the location so you guys can plan out positioning. Well, the location of hills, if you were to use that one. I have multiple-- I have multiple maps prepared depending on where things happen. I have multiple maps with different scenarios. This is the scenario that you've found. MARISHA and This is the path heading in a north direction. These are the two hills. This is the tree. How would you like to set this up? How do you want to do this? I could see you probably do something like that, sure. You have a little bit of time. So where are you going to fluff the bushes up here? Like what are you doing? Point it out to me. (laughs) All righty. You can try. You can certainly try. Make a strength check. This would be athletics, actually. So make it athletics, because this is you, not just lifting it, but also bringing it along. You begin to drag it, actually. You watch as this burly dwarf woman with a five-o-clock shadow that is now coming into actual faint stubble grabs it-- --begins just dragging it through this big groove in the ground as you pull it over. Where do you want to put it? And you have this tree here. That tree is actually somewhat hollow. Not completely all the way through, but there is an alcove in it where some of it has rotted out. All right. So Nott, I'll go ahead and mark you as-- this will be where you're hiding, just as a note there. I'm excited. We've been gone for two weeks. I'm like, let's do this. That tree is maybe 15 feet, 20 feet? Actually, that one would be 20 feet tall. That you can do. You can certainly try. Go ahead and roll an athletics check for this one. Just-- 15, okay. So you're able to carve into it, and use your knowledge of where to hit properly and where the strength should be applied, you manage to cut a few wedges into it. It begins to move slightly, and you're like, now's the time to stop. Okay, so Molly, you're going here? Beau? Bush two here? All right. Beau's going to be here. And you're going to be behind the tree? All righty. That's the north side. The leading cart, yeah. The carts are about that wide. They'd be going through one at a time. You have no idea. I think it lasts for an hour, or until-- Yeah, it ends for a target that attacks or casts a spell. But it'll last for an hour concentration, yes. Yes it does. It's still you concentrating on the spell. They both are. You can only have one or the other. It's like 500-- Okay. Are you guys happy to pull the trigger on this? Okay then. You have your placements. You've set the scene. The evening requires some rest, if you're to prepare for this by the morrow. So, you set up a small camp here, without light? Without fire? You're setting up camp without fire for the evening? Or are you lighting a fire for warmth? You set up the tent behind the hill. You spoon for warmth. You muster through an evening of uncomfortable but necessary closeness, which, it's a very cold night. A faint bit of snowfall greets you in the morning. Not enough to coat the place in white yet. It's these soft little flakes making their way down. A ways up on the road, a few miles out, there is a front of gray heading your way. It looks to be a wall of snowfall that probably is going to be coming about mid-day or so in your direction. There's some mist in the distance. You come to; you shake it off. You're a bit stiff from a night of not necessarily comfortable rest, but a long rest is had. You lose your exhaustion points. As you take a moment, Caleb, the bells go off. You do, if you want. You would have to redo it again. Whoever wants to do it has to do it now. Okay. You guys aren't treating it like a-- Whippets from Xhorhas. This is great. As you guys are in your places, the first cart comes up. All right. As this one comes through, you notice the person who's guiding it is your friend, Protto. Continues to push it along, and they separate as they see the coming pinch of the road. Behind that, you see the central one. This has the one figure that you don't recognize who's driving the cart, and walking alongside it is Lorenzo. This one begins to continue forward, and this pushes forward as well. On the sides of this, there is the half-orc druid. That's Dwelma, and Ruzza, who's the half-elf. In the back is the small singular cart that's being ridden by one figure, and there, helming the end, is Juam, the human rage-filled warrior, the one that you've had the better experience with. Correct. Pushing forward until about there. Are you doing this? Roll a strength check. The tree immediately falls forward off the side, snapping at where it was left. Actually, all of these tree pieces were sent by our friends at Steamforge as gifts. I was like, "I get to use these at some point," and you guys are using them tonight. Falling and snapping right at the front half of the cart, breaking through. I'm going to give Protto an attempt to try and dodge out of the way. He succeeds with a dexterity saving throw, because he's quite dexterous. He jumps back into the front of the cart, and you watch his lower half vanish as he stops there. You don't know. Actually, that's a valid point. I'm going to have you guys all roll stealth checks. Yeah, I'll say in advance. All of you are pretty stealthy, except for you. As the tree falls onto the ground, all the horses suddenly rear up, and you've actually broken where the horses are attached to that cart. The axel snaps. At which point, the carts back up at this point. There's a shout in the back and you hear Protto go like, "Boss, what is--" At which point, you're doing what? First, for the sake of order here, because we are engaging in a series of aggressive actions, let's all roll initiative, please. First order of business here for initiative. I'm going to sit down for this one real fast, write it down. 25 to 20, anybody? Beau and Nott up first. 20 to 15? 14, you said, Caleb? That brings us to-- What'd you get? As the tree snaps and hits, he shouts back. Immediately the group looks out at all sides, taking this as a means of assault, Lorenzo glancing over and directly locking eyes with you, Keg. There's a look of taken aback and surprised. Before any reaction happens, though, you do get your action. You are casting Slow, you said? How many can you target with this? Up to six? That'll be quite a lot. You can get all of these guys, if you want to. Well, let's see, because it's (counting) 40, yeah. This whole section here. There's six people there. There's the one who's helming this horse, the one who's helming these horses, the back of the cart, and then those four. For the two thugs that are on the horses, two and a three. Natural two and a three. They are both slowed. Ruzza does not succeed. Ruzza is slowed. The druid does save. The barbarian-- the barbarian does not save. And Lorenzo-- that is a 17. Saves. This all happens. Combat has begun. Starting at the top of the combat order Beau, you're up first. Oh! Got you. I put them in the wrong order. Okay, that's your action. (splashing) He looks at it, sees you dart by. Okay. He can't make an attack of opportunity on you. This big one there? You dart in, and as soon as your vision comes through, you come face-to-face with a metal cage. Right there in front of you. For you who can watch, the back half of Nott is still visible. The entire cart is filled with cages. Front to back. The cages are blanketed by some sort of illusion. Correct, but just the front half. It looks like Nott vanishes partway through, like you've stepped through part of a doorway. On the inside, you see a very sweaty human man who is gagged and leaned up against the cage like, (whines). He looks up towards you. That's all you've got. You can just get to the druid at 40 feet. (counting) You do have to get down there. Make an acrobatics check. You manage to land without losing your footing. You get right up to the druid there. That is. That is a natural 15 plus three is 18. Go for it. 20 total? Okay. All righty. 15. What's the DC? Okay, going into defensive mode. That finishes Beau's go. All right. It's now Ruzza's turn, who is slowed. It doesn't go off until the next turn. Ruzza's going to step back, looking towards Lorenzo, and goes, "Boss, this is so weird." It's weird to hear this slowed-down, deeper voice coming out of this female half-elf, but nevertheless, here we are. As she steps away and begins-- She does give a bit of bardic inspiration to Lorenzo, because she's technically not a sorcerer. That's as much as you know. Oh, that's right! So they're not doing that. Still saying that phrase, but not in an inspirational way. Is going to cast, glancing over in your direction as the source of it. Once you cast the spell you reveal yourself, buddy. That's how it works, unfortunately. This is going to be-- Yeah, let's do some Hypnotic Pattern. Why not? He begins (slow incantation) and slowly backs to here, getting up on the hill, climbing to get some better visual perspective over the battlefield. That's going to end Ruzza's turn, Molly, you're up. You can get right there. That's 30 feet there. 30 feet. Flanking? To there, you mean? Yeah, you can do that. Yeah. Go for it. You do. I assume you had your rites prepared. Seven points of damage? All righty. That hits, roll damage. 12 points of damage! You're carving through. She's not slowed by the impact of the spell and taking these wounds, hurting her quite a bit. She's not horribly maimed, but is starting to show some wear from the strikes that she's suffered. That ends your turn. That brings us to Lorenzo. Hmm. Lorenzo, watching you and your friends, shouts out in your direction and goes-- Well, he's not slowed. "Keg! I don't know what you're trying here, but I think the line's been drawn." He's going to step over here, pushing through the horses, leaping over in the direction of where Nott is there and is going to shout out, "Hey! Move aside!" and holds his hand out in front of him. That's going to end his turn. Protto is currently like freaking out by this, sees this all happening, narrowingly missed the tree slamming into him, goes and pulls out his bow and nocks an arrow into it and is going to take a shot. Let's see, the one he saw dart that way's going to be Molly. He's going to fire at Molly. What's the range on it? Yeah. Is it a 30 or 60 foot range? For your Blood Curse of the Eyeless? 60 feet? Yeah, that'll do it! Amplified, so disadvantage on-- He gets two strikes. First one with disadvantage is going to be 16 to hit? What's your armor class? 15, so that hits. Because you're adjacent to an ally of his, he gets sneak attack bonus on that. That's going to put him-- To be fair, it's a shitty sneak attack roll. That's a total of 14 points of piercing damage from the first arrow into your shoulder. The other one is going to be-- He did, yeah. 16, on this one. Because it was an 11 and a ten he rolled and it's plus six on his attacks. Okay, the other one just deals six points of piercing damage. He's going to jump off and move over here, up onto the top to get a good view since he's a ranged guy with his arrows. He's keeping down and getting ready for that. That's going to go ahead and-- that was his action surge and everything, so he's done. Next up. Bear with me, guys. There is a lot going on right here. Caleb, your turn. Yeah, you had the ambush round technically because it was the trigger, Slow, and then everything happened at once. The tree triggered the ambush seeing you, so the only one who got a round off was you for the spell. Okay, go for it. Roll for attacks on that. Minus two to their armor class. Goes wide. 17 hits. That would hit! Okay, so two hits. It's 4d6. Not a bad opening round. Yes. To maintain? They still have to make a concentration check to see if they can finish with their casting, yeah. That is a 13 plus two. That is a 15. So yeah, they're fine. Is that the end of your turn, Caleb? Staying where you are? Okay! You go prone? Caleb goes prone. Okay, now it's the thugs' turn. They are slowed, so they can't move too far. This one is going to move back. That's as far as he can move, and he's going to pull out his crossbow and he gets one shot, because of the Slow spell. He's going to take it towards you, Caleb, with disadvantage because you're so far away. The bolt goes wide. This guy here is also slowed. He's going to attempt to back away. They do not. He's going to attempt to use the edge of the tree for some cover as he takes a shot at Beau. Yep. And that is going to be a 13 again! Now it is Juam's turn, who is slowed, and right here, next to Caleb, is going to take a strike at you. Not technically-- only gets one attack, so the first one would've been 12. Oh, you did! That's right, you do not. I'll have to double check. That's the two thugs' turns. That's Juam's turn. Keg, you're up. No, it makes sense! We've all done it to some degree. Which, the armor that Lorenzo is wearing-- you've seen it before. It's studded leather, but it's straps and hooks. The theme of it resembles very much elements of his profession, or at least reminding you what he does. So the oil weirdly does make it strangely erotic. It's your turn, you have 25 feet of movement, so that'll only get you about five squares of movement. Are you running towards the action or away from it? Make an acrobatics check to leap down. Okay, so you lose the last five feet of movement. That's your movement there. Your javelin has a pretty decent range. Does it have the ranges next to it in the app? That's okay, I have it here. The javelin-- it's 30 and 120 feet. So it can go 30 feet without disadvantage and 120 feet with disadvantage. So you might as well. Protto is. Right up there on the hill, getting his arrows nocked. Completely passes over. No, you can't. That's where you are. You can take another javelin attack, because you have three javelins. You get one more swing at him. Both javelins miss. You're shaken by this experience. It's now Dwelma's turn. Dwelma is going to cast Dispel Magic. Not unless you have the War Caster-- Mage Slayer, I mean. The magical effect, which is the Slow effect. If it's any spell third level or lower, the target ends, so Slow fades. Not from being stunned, she couldn't. MARISHA; Oh, well, cool. Feels really good about failing it twice now. MATT; Sorry! She's going to move to this side. Actually, and is going to run. So you both get attacks of opportunity on her. 12 is not going to hit! Not with Barkskin, sorry. Actually, no! She doesn't have Barkskin because of the ambush. She hasn't had time to cast it, so it's an AC of 11. You do hit! She is stuck there. No, she circled around. It's when she leaves the range, so she gets stuck there. That ends her turn. Now Lorenzo's turn's going to trigger. I think it just misses you. It's right there. As a Cone of Cold bursts forth from-- (whooshing) Lorenzo smiles as his friends have come out of the way, and this burst of freezing cold arcane energy swirls in front of him, flash-freezing everything in front, including the cart, actually. Nott has to make a reflex save. Beau and Molly have to make-- sorry, dexterity save. Oh, that's a relic! Nice! Go for it. Oh, buddy. All right. Okay. What did you roll? 19, okay. Nott, you take 41 points of cold damage. Okay, so you use your reaction to halve that. Molly, you take-- that would be 20 points of cold damage. Beau, you take 20 points of cold damage. Yep. As it triggers and the frost finishes off in the space there, Lorenzo, grinning, looks over his shoulder back at Keg and goes like, "Am I going to have to make a lesson here?" That brings us to the top of the round. Nott, you're up. Go for it. Make your lockpick check. Dex and proficiency, so it would be seven, yeah. It's not enough. You spend a moment and the lock is not going. These are pretty intense cages, and you look over there, and Lorenzo's standing there with the glaive. You move through a very small gap, they're pushed up against each other. Make a strength check to see if you can push through; you might not be able to. You can't push through it; the cages are too close. The small gap there, you try to muscle it, but there are two to three people in each cage, and you can't push though. You could try, you're partially obscured. Lorenzo's eyeing in that direction. Okay, make a stealth check. You appear, within your mind, to have vanished from the current sight. All righty. That brings us to, finishing Nott, Beau, your turn. Go for it. Oh, snap! Ten damage. Oof, Dwelma's looking rough. Yeah. Although technically when the Slow spell finished, a Hypnotic Pattern may have gone off. Yeah, that would have gone off. So make your wisdom saving throw, if you don't mind. Yes. Glancing around the area, it looks like the people that were right on the outer edge of the cages are frozen. The guy who's near you, he's fine. They blocked the impact there. It was your latter half that was sticking out that got blasted. 22, all right, so the Hypnotic Pattern does not affect you. Well done. She goes down. Like unconscious and bleeding out. Yeah, if you want to. You could. You are. Okay. Make an acrobatics check. You get over the horses. Where are you going to stand, on the cart? There's not a lot of room here to stand to fight and you'd have to get over-- I'll say you can get back right here. Sure, why not? So you're on the horse. Yeah. Yes you are. That ends your turn? That brings us to Ruzza. Ruzza, who watched the druid go down, sees you over there being really defensive and looks around. He's going to attempt to cast Hold Person at level three. I need Mollymauk and Beau to make wisdom saving throws please. Completely resists it. Shit. Back up around the tree trunk there. That ends her turn. Molly, you're up. Thank you for sticking with us. I know this is going late, but I want to see how this turns out. We've been gone for two weeks. Consider it a bonus episode. It's possible. You can climb over the cart if you want to. It's up to you. Okay, make an acrobatics check to try and get over the cart without issue. Ten? You lose some movement, but you still have enough to get right there. That's as close as you get. Lorenzo's technically supposed to be in that space. No, you do not. Take your damage. Nice! Ten does not hit. That first strike carves past. You see blood spatter across the edge of the hillside. Lorenzo's like, "All right, I see what you're doing. One for one." Slams the glaive onto the ground. That ends your turn, Molly. It is Lorenzo's turn. Lorenzo's going to go ahead and make two glaive attacks against you. You're still level five. First hit. You guys watch as Molly falls back unconscious, Lorenzo looks confused. His vision still obscured, the blindness. Yeah. Actually, you're not flanking, because you're at an angle. You're on the horse. So no. The first strike slams down into Molly's chest, the blade actually sinking about seven inches into the chest. Blood spatters out of your mouth. You can use your reaction to make an attack. As Sentinel you can, yes. 14 does not hit, so it misses there. Lorenzo looks back over towards Keg. Looks up at you, Beau, and says, "An example it is." Molly, in the brief moments of consciousness, what do you want to be your last words? No. This is done. Molly, you have a brief moment. As the consciousness and life leaves you, what are your last words? As it slams into his face, "Respect," and then twists the blade. The life leaves Molly. It's now Protto's turn. Protto is going to take a single shot, because he used his action surge. Now that he's gotten two javelin tossed, he's going to fire at you, seeing that you're in the proximity. That's a natural two, misses, off your armor. You're not even paying attention. You're looking over at this and you feel it deflect. No impact. Caleb, your turn. Okay. The thugs take their turn. Both of them are going to-- They're both going to back up and take two crossbow shots at Beau. You have your Patient Defense on? That is still a 16 and a 17 they rolled. That's right! First one, you deflect out of the air. No, she already used her reaction. And the other one is-- You use your reaction to do it. But it rolled a 15 to hit. You, watching this happen, hear it deflected off. The other one you catch and drop, still looking down at Molly's not-moving body. As Lorenzo now grins back at you and says, "Is it time for another, or have you learned your lesson?" "Then another life it is." All right, that ends thugs' turn. He does not see you. (counting) You're the closest there. The barbarian goes pulling in, is going to use an action to move up into melee with you, but that's their turn. This is not looking good, guys. Which brings us to Keg. Keg, you've seen these situations before. What are you going to do? Can you reach who? No. With the tree there, about there is as close as you can get. You can use your action to move, but you wouldn't be able to do anything else. You can. You move up over the log, and it gets you there. Make a persuasion check. Okay, that's your turn. Dwelma's bleeding out. Nott, your turn. He got hit once. You hear Keg shouting and mid-battle parleying. Okay. You pour acid on the lock. It's going to take a moment. Acid isn't an immediate thing, if you're not going to splash it on somebody. It has to eat through metal. You would know that as an alchemist. All right. I think the signs are pointing in a direction. What are you doing, Nott? Beau, it's your turn. You see Nott run. With just your movement? Right there. Beau, you see Keg rushing to parley. What do you do? Okay, he's going to make a dexterity saving throw. I know. He fails. (flames erupting) Roll a d6 damage. He is on fire. Just d6 fire damage. Four points of fire damage. There's now flames curling off of his body. He's taking it. Roll for it. (whoosh) He's not even looking at you. He's looking at Keg. She has his attention. 18 does hit. Okay. There's a reflex for him to go ahead and take an attack of opportunity on you with his glaive, and then he flickers and looks back to Keg, seeming more interested in what she has to say. That ends your turn? All right. Ruzza's going to walk up. The moment she does anything, what were you going to cast? Okay. As you're watching her very carefully-- She's going to do it. She's going to step up and cast Cure Wounds. Molly's dead. Cure Wounds isn't going to affect him. She reaches out and touches Lorenzo, and he heals up a bit. She starts to try and pat the flames out a little bit and he shoos her off. Now it is Lorenzo's turn, because Molly doesn't have a turn. Lorenzo's looking at you and says, "Looks like we have an eye-for-an-eye scenario." Points off at Dwelma, who at this point has bled out. We'll say yes, she's bled out at this point. "You say you want to be an example, huh?" "Sure." Puts his hand up, flames still curling up and burning his body, which, roll another d6. Puts his hand up with the glaive in the air, and you watch as all the other thugs looking off pull back their crossbows to the side. The barbarian in front of you, Caleb, this woman whose face is twisted in absolute rage, (panting, snarling), puts the hammer down. Lorenzo says, "We're going to make an example of our old friend. Round up what you can. You walk with me, Keg," and leads you back over to where the rest of you are. As the warrior steps back, still burning, takes and leads you here. They begin to move forward and push the carts, begin to push the log off of this to the side, and the warrior woman grabs the front of the cart where the horses were and begins to drag it forward. As it begins to pull away-- It's a flash freeze, and then it goes away. It's not like it keeps it there. As this one pulls forward, one of the thugs grabs the body of their druid and throws it over the top of the cart where she seems to vanish, except for a leg dangling out the side of the illusion. They go forward. Grabs your shoulder and pushes you down onto your knees. Do you do anything? Looks at the three of you. "The Iron Shepherds have a reputation, and I expect you to "tell everyone you come across what happened here today, and what a mistake it is to turn against "us." Pulls the glaive back slowly and leans into your ear and says, "That's a bit too quick. I want "you to live with the memory of what you did today," and kicks you in the back and knocks you onto your face. Turns around, finally pats out the flames. "We're moving on! If I see any of your "faces again-- (chuckles) Well, at least you'll be able to see your friend on the other side." "Fuck me, indeed," and he turns and joins the rest of the caravan as it begins to pull back on the path, leaving the four of you beaten, bruised, and glancing off at the lifeless, bloodied body of Mollymauk Tealeaf. And that's where we're going to leave tonight's episode. (exhales) Uh, sorry! No, this is part of the game. That was a terrible convergence of events. It does. Wow. I'm going to sit down. Well, thank you guys for sticking with us this long. I know it's been a late night. Our return after a week off, and the drama has certainly kicked in. We'll pick this up next week. Let's use this week to love each other. No, please don't. Everyone here is playing the game as best they can in the moment, and honestly, a lot of it was dice swings and a lot of it was circumstantial, and this is how the game works. It's going to make for a great story, and will continue to, because you guys have one fucking villain now in your campaign. Oh, this is going to be delicious. Be kind to each other. We love you all very much. Let's take a week to remember Mollymauk. Not with what you got.