Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role where a bunch of us nerdy ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Before we dive into tonight's game, we got some announcements to get through. First and foremost, we have two fantastic sponsors tonight. The first of which is our good friend D&D Beyond! They've been with us since we began this campaign. The new book, Mordenkainen's Tome of Foes, releases tomorrow. I got one last month and it's amazing. Oh my god, it's so good. It has the Astral Dreadnought, I'm so happy. Hope you guys never have to fight one. You can order that now on D&D Beyond and check out the wonderful content there. If you order on D&D Beyond, you also receive the Rrakkma Adventurers League gith-focused introductory adventure for free. If you know what that means, we're of like mind. The githyanki is such an amazing part of D&D lore. Go Razi! Anyway, as a reminder, Tome of Foes is also available in D&D Beyond's legendary bundle, which is still 25% off using the code 826LA. If you want it to do the legendary bundle, get the huge discount, Tome of Foes is included in that, so go and check it out. It's amazing. Thank you, D&D Beyond, and hope you enjoy the new release tomorrow. Sam? You want to talk about our other sponsor for the evening? You are a master at building tension. He's thrifty. Don't ruin the illusion! The faery escaped and left us presents. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, Backblaze, for your amazing support. Getting us on track here, we have the Vox Machina Origins hardcover that will be on sale next week on 5/31. Very soon, on May 31st, you can find it on the Geek & Sundry online shop, check out all the details on critrole.com. It's pretty awesome, we're excited. We're happy to bring it to you physically guys and not just digitally, so check out that. We have the Stream of Many Eyes coming up with our friends at Dungeons & Dragons. The event starts June 1st and if you're in LA, you can check out the show live and in-person. Check out dnd.wizards.com/some. Stream of Many Eyes for more info and tickets. Ashley will be there playing in my game on Friday. Me and Marisha, Sam, Travis, and Taliesin will all be participating in the stream as well. Check it out throughout the weekend. There is a lot of guests coming in there playing some D&D and unveil Wizard's next big story. It's okay, you've got stuff going on. We'll see you guys there. Some of you. We have our fantastic Talks Machina every Tuesday at 700pm Pacific. Our fantastic host and maestro of cabbages, Brian W. Foster, will be there with a few guests from the show to discuss the events of tonight's episode. It will be available on Twitch and Project Alpha so go check it out there. Also, a reminder for Twitch Prime If you have an Amazon Prime account, you can sign up to subscribe to a channel on Twitch for free every month, if you manage to merge the two accounts together with your Twitch Prime and Amazon Prime. So yay! The Critical Role Live dice sets are currently back in stock and in the store. Oh shit. To finish up, I will be flying bright and early tomorrow up to Calgary to be part of Otafest. All you wonderful folks in the Canadian area, come and say hi, visit our panels, signings, and all that good stuff in between. I'll see you guys there. Unless we have anything else to discuss, I believe that it's the end of the announcements for tonight. That also heralds our diving back into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Apparently, going back full circle. Back at 255 and zero. Last we left off The Mighty Nein have been caught up in the political turmoil of the Empire, noticing that the king has declared war on the eastern realm of Xhorhas, specifically the Kryn dynasty. There was an assault on one of the garrisons in the east. There were many lives lost and the sky now darkens. You've begun to decide what it is you can do and what your current plan of action is. As you began to gather your things as you decide where your next trajectory would be, you were summoned to the King's Hall, and brought before the Lawmaster of the town of Zadash. She implored you if you're interested, having proven your mettle in the past and in the Victory Pit not too long ago, if you'd be interested as signing off as legionnaires to help aid, protect, and do work for the Empire at home while all the military forces of the Righteous Brand had moved to the east to engage with the enemy. You took it under consideration and left, went back to gather some more supplies at your inn. You were delivered a missive from an old friend, Kara, saying the The Gentleman would like to speak with you. That was where we left off. Mighty Nein, having just returned to the Leaky Tap, being briefly met with Kara who delivered this information and then vanished back into the afternoon, what would you like to do? If I recall, it's later afternoon. And we got there. It's late afternoon, I believe. You make your way across the Pentamarket, to the familiar down, dank, and broody interior of the Evening Nip tavern. You pass by Clive, who gives you a nod. You head towards the hidden staircase down to the subterranean tavern. There a different sound catches your ears. There's the familiar sound of warm music and tavern flair, but you also hear rowdy shouts and cheers and the occasional sound of something heavy against a skidding table. As you slowly descend toward the base of the curved staircase to enter the main chamber, you can see some folks are sitting at the tables, The Gentleman is in his far corner at the back, and they're all watching a small circle of people in the center as two individuals in the process of beating the shit out of each other. Bare fists, bare knuckled. People are making bets, laughing and cheering, and throwing beer and various objects into the ring to mess with them. It is mid-craze scuffle at the moment. As you guys step down into the main area, the large ogre bodyguard stands and turns back. His low guttural grunt come through his protruding jawline with a (grunt) and gives you a sign to continue inward. "All right." Getting a glimpse here as you watch a bit of parting between shoulders as everyone's standing end to end. You hear this heavy crack and the two people nearest to you bow backward. Apparently, one of the two fighting individuals being thrusted into the circle is immediately pushed back into the center. You hear another couple of swings go before they both breakaway. You can hear the heavy breaths of them now exhausted, pouring with sweat. You recognize them, one is Louis, one of the agents who fled from the research facility that you were then going after, and the other is Thed, the halfling fellow with the neck tattoo that you saved in the sewers not but a week and half earlier. They are both bloodied-- Yes. Yes. They are both bloodied and tensely attempting to pummel the other into unconsciousness. The people seem to be happily cheering it on as they go. There were three people that went there and fled the research facility. Yes. Jester ascends to one of the nearby untaken tables and watches down into the mix. Thed crawls upward, fists up in front of his face, trying to guard. He goes for a duck, and comes in for an uppercut. Louis slaps it away, but it still manages to catch the edge of his jaw. He slaps his head a little bit to the side and as such he pushes off, and gives a kick to the chest of Thed, who falls back a second and goes to his back leg, and comes forward with a huge haymaker. Louis tries to back out of the way but it comes at an upward angle, slams into the side of his temple. You watch as his face goes starry eyed for a second as he tries to grab the edge of one of the chairs to catch himself. Thed runs up and then knees him right in the center of the chest and stomach region, and you hear the (pained moan). The whole group goes "Oh!" around, and you watch as Louis pushes off the chair and steps back and tries to back swing towards Thed. Thed slaps it out of the way, and goes in for a headbutt. It's at this point that Louis appears to have pulled something from his back pocket, and as he swings his hand upwards, a scattering of sand and dust goes into Thed's face, who backs up going (pained yell), starts to rub it right into his face. He begins to step away, trying to get his fists up. Louis uses the opportunity to go forward and sweep his legs out from under him. As he hits the ground, chest up, he goes into a double handed hammer fist right down into Thed's chest. The air escapes him. Once again, the crowd goes "Oooh!" There's a slight in the back from the Gentlemen, who's trying to watch over the shoulders of everybody. This first time he's acknowledged your entry, he gives you a look over going, a bit of a smile from the distance. Louis goes for a secondary blow. However, Thed manages to push off. His smaller halfling form able to dexterously dodge out of the way. He's got one eye partially open, the other one watering thick, and he waits and paces himself for a moment. Louis, however, follows up behind it very quickly and goes for a knee straight to Thed's face. It slams in, and as he backs up you can see the nose is permanently pushed to one side, and blood is pouring down the front of his face. He has a hand up. You can't tell if he's going to say he's going to stop or if he's trying to defend, and there's no one looking over this battle to stop it if it happens. Louis comes in to try and finish off what he started. Thed waits for the final moment and then ducks down below, gets underneath and between the legs of Louis, and lifts, throwing him up, ass over tea kettle, until he slams on the back of the ground. He turns around, wiping the other eye out of the way. He pulls his leg up and attempts to stomp down onto Louis's neck, and connects. Immediately there's a (choking) and he's holding him to the ground and jamming and grinding his heel into his throat. Everyone's shouting, "Get him!" Louis is desperately trying to pull the boot of Thed up off his throat, but Thed's able to keep it down. He's pushing and pushing. He spits blood right in the face of Louis, like onto one of his eyes. The consciousness of Louis begins to fade, eyes roll back, and then eventually, as the rest of his body goes limp, they pull Thed off. "Yeah!" They cheer and lift him up and carry him off. They pull Louis up into a chair and start slapping him and pour water in his face. He comes to consciousness and spits out a tooth, and then the crowd's energy begins to die down a bit, and they drag them to different sides of the room and the people being to go about their business, get another drink at the bar. As you're doing that, some of the crowd that had began to disperse suddenly turns and starts tapping each other. (laughing) Do you wa-- Okay! You both charge into the center, starting seemingly with no purpose other then the necessary adrenaline to kickstart the rest of your evening. I need you both to roll initiative. Roll initiative. Okay but-- Hold on, let me check real fast. Saving throws, not ability checks. You don't get advantage on your initiative. You feel this sudden strange surge of adrenaline and energy. Time around you seems to slow ever so slightly as you watch Jester starting rushing in, swinging towards you, faster than you expect though. What are you doing? At first level? Okay, so it's a relatively soft punch as you're using it as a delivery method for the spell. So it doesn't do any actual punch damage. However, you do have to roll to see if you connect, so a melee spell attack. Go ahead and roll damage. I believe that 3d10 necrotic. Let's thumb wrestle, and you shoot him in the head. Like what? Suddenly your energy is instilled within your body, your vision goes wide, all the colors come into focus and you look up to see Jester to distract yourself from the sudden sensation you've never experienced before. The one thing you see is this fist connect with your chest, and you all watch as a series of blood vessels in the sides of Beauregard's face and neck suddenly burst and splash blood in different directions. You see white for a second. Your body racked with pain and you recoil briefly from the sudden shock to your system. You've got two attacks now. You don't have your shield for this because you're fist fighting. So your AC is technically two lower. What's your AC normally? Yeah. You roll damage. And then she has to make a saving throw. I believe it's a constitution saving throw. Seven points of bludgeoning damage as she begins to pummel you repeatedly, across the front of the face, down into the side of the torso, and I need you to roll a constitution saving throw please, Jester. Okay, as she continues down your torso there's one portion on the back of your armor where your spine is exposed beyond the clothing you're wearing, and after she finishes the round she uses the momentum and strikes straight into base of the spine where the nerve would divide down to the pelvis, and your entire body locks up, all your muscles all spasm at once. You are stunned. The haste doesn't give you a fourth attack. What does haste does is it gives you-- An extra attack action, yeah. You have your bonus action so yeah. You can attack with your staff if you want to, whatever your main attack is and then you still have your bonus action. Yes. Correct. Hold on, she is stunned. Attack rolls against her are at advantage. You roll again. This hit you do pull back and hit the armor unfortunately, and your fingers snap back a bit, you feel the numbness from the attack. Mm-hmm. That hits. Roll damage. That's six bludgeoning damage to you. As Beau recoils from this and steadies herself from this round, Jester you are unable to move. You're sluggishly trying to get your joints to function again, you try and speak and it comes out in a stuttering phrase that fades away, your tongue not listening to your impact. TRAVIS, MARISHA, and Too close to home. That ends your turn. Back to Beau. You are no longer stunned. Let me double check and see when the actual stun wears off. Until the end of your next turn, so you still have advantage on attacks against her. 12 points of bludgeoning damage as the staff slams right into your clavicle, shoulder area, almost knocking you off your feet. Correct, yes. Technically, you're still stunned until the end of her turn. 18 hits. This is still the second strike with the staff after one knocking her back from the shoulder blow. The wind gets knocked out of you from a sudden blow to your stomach area. All right, go ahead and take your damage. All of a sudden your vision goes black. For whatever reason where we saw the brief burst of the veins from the first strike from Jester, you watch as bits of crimson begin to pour out the corners of Beau's mouth, as her eyes go over black. You don't have advantage, it's just a straight roll for your attacks. Eventually your vision comes back, but your knuckles hurt from the fact that you just punched twice in the thickest parts of her breast plate. Because of haste, you do. Yes, and that one has advantage. That hits. Roll damage. And with that-- Jester got one good opening blow, and then-- I mean, partially, but you also chose a fist fight against a monk, which is a rough scenario. The whole crowd goes, "Yeah!" Jester's unconscious. You watch as one of the patrons of the bar comes up with a small jug of water and throws it in her face. She's at one hit point. Not at the moment, no, and you're still affected by it. At about this point in the conversation, the adrenaline leaves your body, and you almost keel over. You become, suddenly, super lethargic and exhausted. The crowd begins to go back to their scenarios. Some of them seem confused by the display of joyous hugging afterwards. Some seem to be down with it and are like, "Yeah, this is what it is about!" Sitting on one of the table edges, you see Dweez, the little creepy gnome who you met earlier, who's like, (breathy laugh). At this point, a familiar voice kicks up from the back corner, "Friends, come sit. Thank "you for such a fine display of sportsmanship." "Apparently." The Gentleman now sits there. His comfortable attire today comes in a billowing linen, a dark navy blue shirt that frills at the wrists. You can see his rings and jewelry available as his fingers are crossed and partially stapled-- steepled in front of him. Not stapled to him. That's a whole different thing. Ah! Oh god! You spend an hour here, and you'll be fine. "Thank you for coming so quickly." "Rather tenuous times these are, wouldn't you say? Word is the breach of the Ashguard "Garrison was a massacre, and now the skies there hang dark with ill-magic. I'm glad that's hundreds "of miles from here, though. Now with the bulk of the military moving east, and the Crownsguard "stretched thin, we should begin bolstering our plots, yes?" "Well, a distracted empire is an easy empire to bend to our will. Or at least, to not pay "attention to what we're doing." "Oh, I have no interest in political endeavors. Just the more confused they are, the "better for business." "I have a few possible jobs here, if you're interested. I don't mean to act so quickly, but "word comes to me that you had been summoned to the King's Hall. I would hate to think I missed the "opportunity to get more work under your wing, before losing you to some unfortunate, state-based "conscription. First order of business, should you be interested." He leans forwards and sets his "glass a little further from the edge. His voice hushes a bit as he leans in, "I've some friends to "the north, whom I've been needing to reconnect with. Allies, who would be very profitable "partners in these times. I'm rather strapped for attention, at the moment, and I have a hard time "trusting some of these other louts with detailed missions!" "Anyway, if you have any interests--" "Indeed." You glance back over your shoulder and see Louis at the bar, who's still dazed and "drinking a giant cup of ale and wiping the blood off of his whole torso. "If you've interest in "making coin, doing some interesting work and getting to see most of our beautiful, imperial "countryside, I can go on." "An old friend of mine, named Ophelia Mardun. She has a base of operations about 350 "miles northeast of here. Past Nogvurot and the Quannah Breach, on the outskirts of Shadycreek "Run. I'm sure you've heard of it." "A sovereign town, outside of the Dwendalian Empire and outside of the law. That uses the "Savalierwood to keep the Crown at bay. Spoken of as a haven for criminals, thieves, murderers, but "really, it's home to the truly free entrepreneurs of Wildemount... and criminals, thieves, and "murderers. Now, Ophelia is unable to enact on any partnerships at the moment, as her current "business is tangled up in some of the local riffraff and she's requested aid in stabilizing "her situation. What I propose, as you've already proven yourselves effective problem solvers, "self-starters with enough sense of honor to see a deal through, is for you all to travel northward, "past the Silberquel Ridge to Shadycreek Run to parlay with Ophelia. Help her in absolving her "from her current mire of complications and return with her here to Zadash. For this task completed, "I offer an advance of 500 gold pieces and a purse of 4,500 gold pieces upon returning with Miss "Mardun within the month." "Yes?" "She will, once you manage to free her from her predicament." "I do not. That is the intent and language she used, when last we had correspondence. I think "the nature of her business, much like ours, is meant to be on an absolutely necessary basis only. "I'm sure once you speak to her, you'll have better information on that." "I do. If this seems to be beyond your depth, I'd hate to see the coin go to someone "else, but I understand." "Understood. That underground tunnel, that you've already visited, happens to be a major "artery for our smuggling business, leading straight up to the Lebenda Swamp. The Lebenda "Swamp is a useful place to lose things or people, until you need to find them. As well as a direct "route to my contacts in Berleben. We've been rather worried that no shipments have made their "way south by the river in weeks. After sending your friend up to Berleben last week, it was "discovered that our safe house and storage facility in the swamp has gone dark. One of my "men, as well as a handful of theirs in Berleben, went to investigate and never returned. Now the "swamp-folk are a superstitious lot, an unfortunate facet with working with them." "And the like, I'm sure of it. My contacts in town are refusing to investigate, recounting "howls from the deep swamp. I would need you to head up to Berleben. Locate a fellow named Febron "Keyes, usually hangs around the Keystone Pub in the Puddles. The Puddles is the part of the town "that is, heh, sinking. He's my point man for shipments, and the only one who knows where our "safe house in the swamp is that hasn't gone fucking missing. Meet with him, secure the safe "house and its contents, and return to me. Consider a 250 gold piece advance and a purse of 1,750 gold "pieces upon completion. Heck, if you can handle both (laughs) and with timely mind, there might be "a bonus." "Oh, he's in Berleben. He should be fine. This is all based in the swamp." "Febron Keyes, (chuckles) he's memorable. Based by his fairly emanate lack of teeth. His one "wandering left eye. A bit of a skin condition." "But he's good at the work he does." "Keeping his mouth shut and knowing where the secrets are and not giving those secrets up. "He's been pressed for it a few times and has proven to be trustworthy, and I admire that." "The sooner the better, as the longer these shipments continues to elude us, the more money "we're losing. Like I said, a timely manner, there may be a bonus." "Those are the two at the moment. If those don't tickle your fancy, I'm sure we could have "another opportunity in the next week or two. I just would hate to see these go to less qualified "individuals." "Of course." "You mistake this business as some sort of a push for an inherently equal pay, my friend. I "don't know what business the Crown wishes to offer you, but I can guarantee you it has a ceiling." Make a persuasion check. You're leaning on one leg a little bit, unintentionally leaning in. "I'm sure we could provide a few supplies. Remember, we try not to dip into our own "contraband, but we could assume that we could provide some things, yes." "We can provide paper and ink, sure." "Of course. Well, drink, be merry. You know where to find me." There is that, yeah. It's more like a shufflepuck thing, with the sand on the side. Yeah. The darkest table is the one that is tucked right inside the spiral staircase, where you enter. Which normally has somebody sitting there, but at the moment, it looks like they're getting a drink. If you swipe it now you'll probably piss somebody off, but you'll get the table. As you guys approach, you can see the same muscular, thuggish individual with the tanned skin and the thick bracers around his rough and tumble exterior, begins to approach with a large, fully filled flagon of ale. Who stops, sees that you're sitting there and grumbles to himself and finds another seat. But you are as private as you can be in this relatively not private space. You have a table. The Branson of Wildemount. Okay. He's back at the far table. He's currently drinking and it looks like he has a small book of some kind that he's thumbing through. SAM and Make a perception check. In this low light, it's hard to see. But when you were speaking to him earlier there was a layer of general moisture across his skin. The shirt he's wearing now is a navy blue, linen, billowy shirt, open in the chest a bit, you can see a bit of his chest hair and frilled at the sleeves. You have a map for that. You have to go around the Silberquel Ridge. Lebenda Swamp. Quannah Breach. Northeast of Nogvurot. Actually, northward is not Xhorhas, technically. Just east. Yes, the Greying Wildlands are in the north. You don't get an exhaustion point, you just become stunned for a round. Yeah. You're fine. No. It just stuns you for one round. Which in combat is really bad. Oh. Sorah. She is. She's not right by the Gentleman. She's actually sitting at the table in the-- or sitting at the bar 15 feet away from him, but she's always in his direction. She's perpetually hawking his presence and ensuring that nobody tries anything funny and that she can get there quickly if she needs to. He's in the process of thumbing through a small book. He's finishing a sip from his goblet and watches you push. "Ah. That was quicker than I anticipated." "Which one?" "Very well. And you're not choosing the Shadycreek Run?" "I need it to be taken care of so if you won't do it I'll find somebody else who can." "Time is of the essence here." "You can indeed. If you do both, I'll be happy to reward you with something nice at the end "of it because that's quite a feat." "Very well. Well, I'm happy to know we're doing business together once more. I would "recommend, if you're heading to Berleben and Lebenda Swamp to take the Bromkiln Byway. We do "have the river, but one, you have quite a number of individuals that aren't the most quiet, and "there are certain things that exist throughout that 70-ish mile journey you'd be taking underground." "Either way, it's still 70 miles to Berleben. That's a long journey to take "underground if you are--" "Not quiet and inconspicuous. Our smuggling run usually goes in groups of two to three at most "to keep it quick and unseen." "You've already been there." "Yes." "Which is why I'm saying, if you choose to otherwise, that's up to you, but I would recommend "taking above ground on the Bromkiln Byway. It's a well-carried road. It sees a lot of foot traffic, "shouldn't be that dangerous, and it's nearly a straight shot to the swamp." "Whatever decides to take up residence down there." You have five horses, if I recall. "Seeing as how you're accepting both, that would put you in the business of acquiring the "advance from both, so that would be-- Dweez! Please retrieve the advances. 750." There's a brief break before you hear the familiar chuckling, and three large sacks are put up onto the table. "750 gold. The advances for both missions." "Dweez, gather what we can spare from the supply cabinet, please." He wanders off for a moment, and comes back with two small, over-the-shoulder satchels. He sets them on the table. (chuckling) Opens the little lids for them and pushes them forward. You watch as one of them falls forward and clattering out a few inches or so, some vials in there. "The one on the right "should be able to tend to any wounds you sustain along the journey. The one on the left can aid "you, should you find yourself pricked with some terrible disease." "Disease, not poison. Unfortunately, we have not that." Two vials in one of healing. They're both of greater healing. The other one is cure disease. "We can provide you with paper and ink, should you be so interested. Dweez?" "None that I've cared to remember. That would be more of a question to my ally there, if "you don't mind. Speak with Febron. He is very familiar with the area and can give you the "information you seek." "No, I would not ensure such a mission to him." He glances past you, in the far corner you can see him now leaning over the bar, two full cups in, starting to get a little dazed on the stool. His hand does this. "Anything else you require?" "Anyway, if our business is complete. I appreciate your patronage, I look forward to our "continued partnership, and I wish you all the luck." "Thank you." Dweez comes up from behind a moment later with a stack of regular parchment and ink. He hands it over. It does not look like it would be the necessary enchanted or prepared inks that you could use to scribe spells per se, but it's parchment and ink. "That's up to you, I can't pay you unless you come back, but if you complete them both, and "do so in ample time, I'll be happy to pay you when you return from both. Just send word, if you "could, upon clearing our safehouse." "Precisely." "All right. Thank you very much. Good luck." He just glares at you. Glowering at Nott as you all step away from his corner of the chamber. You've almost cleared out-- Between you and other patrons in the recent weeks, they've cleared him out. It's not an endless emporium. As you do that, he turns around and a hand slaps onto your shoulder, the finger and thumb of it go from the front of your chest to your small back as it grapples you and spins you around and goes (grunts) and then releases you. Four. (laughter) He starts pulling at his jaw. It's almost like getting a charlie horse where you can't stop the muscles and he tries to stop it. Eh, he probably deserved it. You guys ascend the stairs back into the main front of The Evening Nip, and the rest of the afternoon is yours. What would you like to do? Okay, Caleb is just-- Well, there's some things. Massacre in downtown Zadash this afternoon. As you guys charge over to the Pentamarket, you make your way to the exterior of The Invulnerable Vagrant. Stepping inside, there is a rather chill, customer-less interior, as two of the regular Pumats sit at the front. As you step into the chamber, "Oh you're back so soon. I "figured you had completed all your intended means of purchasing." "I can go ahead and look. You're starting to really diminish our stockpile." "That I'm pretty sure we can supply, is that right? You checking the back? "I know it was there yesterday, we got plenty of incense. Don't worry, we got you covered." He comes back in with two sacks of very strong, pungent smelling, incense that, when burning, has a more pleasant scent. These have been treated specifically for rituals and various arcane means. You get 30 gold worth of incense at your disposal, and the 100 gold worth of enchanted inks and scribing materials and paper that you can utilize to make those notes and transition it into a spellbook. "That's one of the few items we have left. Yeah. I apologize, it's a little embarrassing, "we've all been talking about how it's really embarrassing. "It's hard to have a shop without inventory." "Oh, yeah. Right over here." Goes and pulls one of the boxes from the shelves. It has a glass top and he presents it to you. There's a velvet interior with two little alcoves inside where these very beautiful, silver bracers with scrolling and runic sigils carved into it across the band are present, "These would make a better defensive capability for someone who does not "themselves partake in the use of armor." "Well, that sounds like it's meant to be." "1200 gold pieces." "What?" "Okay, they'll be here waiting for you." "Thank you." "Thank you." "Thank you." "Thank you." "I apologize, didn't mean to send you into an existential financial crisis. But it's a really "powerful enchantment and--" "Fair enough. Okay well, Pumat Prime worked very hard on those. When you come back to get them "I think you'll be very happy with amount that you've spent to keep yourself alive." "I'll go ahead and bring it up with the big guy himself." "Fantastic." "Yeah. Okay, thank you." You guys hastily make your way to the cart. The rest of you guys gather the carts and the horses you have at your disposal. Prepared yourself for exit from the town. Eventually Caleb and Beauregard catch up to the rest of you. What would you like to do? Roll for kitty biscuits. The Bromkiln, yeah. The Bronchial Byway, the life breath of the land. I enjoy it, and I'm sure every Dungeon Master out there who watches knows exactly how I feel when it happens. You gather your things up into the cart, the horses begin to push off and you make your way through the city streets of Zadash to the Northern Wall. You can still see some of the townsfolk coming out and going about their day, but the general air of tension and nervousness still holds court throughout the city's streets. There are clusters of crownsguard. They're escorting the Righteous Brand to the eastern side. You make your way to the northern side of the city where the Signet Wall district begins where you have the large fortresses, where the military stays, and the barracks that surround that region. To the large gate that exits the building out into the rest of the Marrow Valley. As you make it through the large, raised portcullis, along with a few other folks that are in the process of making their own journey into the north or to the west or to the east, you step out onto the dirt road, into the green blowing fields, the cold breeze that's blowing beneath the graying skies of Wildemount and you push off. Being here for a while, it seems strange, but also welcoming to be back on the open road for a moment. You glance around and take a deep breath as that clean post-rain air still seems to linger in the vicinity. As you make a sweep on the horizon, with the rolling hills and patches of trees, catch your vision off to the far east on the outside of the Signet Wall district, you see hundreds if not thousands of soldiers, all gathered and making their way east in small troops. Here the mainstay source, the bulk of military power in the center of the Empire makes its way to war. You see horses, siege engines, and large ballista on wheels all being carried and prepared for the journey to the borders of Xhorhas and beyond. With that, you pick up and continue northward, making your way long the Amber Road, towards to where the Bromkiln Byway carves off to your destination. First, I want to ask you guys what pace are you travelling at? You can go slow pace if you try to be super stealthy. Normal pace is fine. Fast pace you go quickly, but you threaten exhaustion if you continue to push that way. You're looking at about a 75-mile journey. With the cart and the horses, you're looking at about 30 miles a day at a normal pace. You're probably looking at two nights' stay on the road before you reach your destination. LAURA and You guys push forward and watch as, behind you, the large, looming walls and towers and buildings of Zadash that had been your home for weeks disappear slowly behind you. Once again, you're embraced by the wilds and open landscapes of the valley. You take a moment to reflect upon the insanity and craziness of the urban atmosphere and the peace, as well as the unknown, that comes with traversing such an open plain. I'd say you have maybe a few hours before the sun sets. Right as you hit the intersection between the Amber Road and the Bromkiln Byway, the sun has set. The sky is dark; the clouds prevent starlight from coming through, and what moonlight would be visible is choked, giving you only the faint glimmer of the moon's location behind the cloud cover. What would you like to do? It is. At your current location? Make a perception check with disadvantage because it is nighttime. Then you can both make individual rolls, or one of you can aid the other. You take your advantage on your roll. As the night has fallen and you spend the better part of the next hour trying to look for any physical representation of safety or cover, it is just open rolling hills and field. There might be places where you could stay low and perhaps keep relatively safe, but nothing that sticks out to you, unfortunately. What do you plan to do? Which is a good thing because it gets cold at night out here. It'll only get colder the further north you go. Even at night here-- most mornings in Wildemount, at least this area of Wildemount, all the grass is frosted, the windows are frosted. Few moisture survives the evening without some sort of frozen state. As the temperature begins to plummet continuously after sunset, you begin to find a place to set up camp for the evening. Beau takes the torch, ignites it, and sets a small fire. You begin to set up a small circle and maintain warmth by taking what bits of-- and it's very sparse vegetation. If you want to check for anything to keep the fire going, roll a survival check. You manage to get some brush gathered, you're probably not going to be able to keep the fire going all night. Let's say if you throw in three torches, that'll keep a modicum of the flame going through the night. Not the most heat, but it'll be enough to prevent you from dealing with the biting cold as you rest through the night. Who's taking watch? As the rest of you manage to find yourself asleep for the evening, Jester and Fjord take the first watch. Do you wish to make a perception check? Which one of you is helming? Advantage. Keeping an eye out there, other than a couple bits of whistling wind that blow through in segments, you don't pick up anything shifty, and your watch comes to a close without issue. Next watch? Who's helming perception check on this? So you're aiding. Technically, because it's night, it would be a straight roll. The goggles are only a radius. This is a general awareness, so it's just a single roll. You're helping her to maintain. Keeping your senses around you and looking about, the watch seems to go through, uneventful. I know. With that, your watch comes uneventful. Third and final watch. Nott and Molly. Who's helming this one? Advantage on yours. Actually, it would have been the first one. I started to realize, it's advantage, but disadvantage because it's night. As you guys get part way through your watch, conversing, muttering about the recent events, the sun comes up, uneventful. (as Luigi) Let's-a go. (as Matt) With that, morning comes. Without the necessary heat, the fire, the torch, goes out, and right as the frost begins to cause you to shake yourself awake, the morning comes, melting the dew, and you are prepped up on your cart and ready for the next length of your journey. If you wish to see if she's telling the truth, roll an insight check. She's hard to read. She seems honest and forthright in what she's saying. Who's helming watch as you guys are traveling? Make a perception check for me. That's enough. As you guys are continuing, about midday or so, you're hitting the noonday sun, and some of the clouds have broken up briefly. You notice a tiny distant curl of smoke over one of the hills. Just a lazy little line of darkness across the-- It looks very localized. You cannot see. It's over one of the larger hills that's blocking what its source is. It's about a mile or so off of the road if you were to go ahead in that direction. It could be. It could be chimney smoke. It's not a billowing column. Continuing onward, about ten minutes later you get just around the edge of where that hill was, and you can see the source of the smoke. There, nestled between a small cluster of trees and a bit of natural rock formations, a small shack that the smoke is coming from. Continue going forward on the road? Yeah, it's about a mile away. Yasha's going to the shack. Is it just Yasha? Okay, so Yasha, Molly, and Fjord are heading to the shack. As you guys make your way up, cresting the hill, down into this small, localized valley toward where the shack is with the clusters of trees and the edge of a small forest cluster is a little bit past it. You approach the shack, and as you get towards it you get a better look at it. It's made of simple masonry and stones lodged together to create the outer walls of it. It can't be more than 20 feet by 20 feet in size. It's not a large abode. There is one brick chimney where that single curl of smoke that was visible off your end was there, there's a wood chopping block on the outside with an axe embedded and left in it with couple of pieces of firewood off to the side. There's a tanning easel set there for whoever has been utilizing it. There is a front door. You see a window that has no glass in it. It's maybe that big or so, it's more for keeping an eye out, or looking through it. Perception check. Looks fine. You get off the horse. This soft paw starts tapping you in the face. Command, right. You still blow, and the fur gets in your nose. Fjord, you head around back? In the back, there's a couple of cured and salted meats that are hanging from the back of the ramshackled roof that ends, and curves down a bit. Over time the weathering has caused it to curl under. There is another doorway that leads in the back. It looks like there is no window back here. There is a single window out front, and there are two doors in the front and back of it. You hear a little bit of rustling, a couple heavy footsteps. You hear a large metal rod shift, and it creaks open, about two to three inches. There you see what I can only describe as an elderly full-blood orc. His head wreathed and tangled grey coarse hair, like a crown around the top of the head that goes past the mouth and over the chest to about mid-point there. A foot-long beard around his chin that ends at about the bottom of the clavicle, or the sternum. Muscular and hunched, his gray-green skin looks thick and weathered, and folded crow's nests under where the nose and the mouth is, the two heavy tusks protruding from underneath the lower jaw. His eyes are sunken and bloodshot, around the side of the yellow sclera. One hand opens the door, while another one remains out of sight. As the face pushes forward to inspect you, a low voice says, "Your business?" "Everything is fine." "Have you news to share?" "Good to know." The door begins to close. Leans further in. Make a charisma check. Okay, all right. Glaring at you with one eye peeking through. There's a bit of a grunt, and the breath emanates, and it smells of heavy pepper and dust. A bit of smokiness to it. The door opens slightly more, and the head peeks through to give you a good look over. "Maybe for trade." "What do you have to trade?" Reaches out and-- "Gold doesn't hurt other passersby." "Tools are helpful." "Vegetables. Fresh produce, maybe." He opens the door a bit further and looks to the left. He looks to the right. You're off to the side of the wall, though, so you don't see him and he doesn't see you. He goes, "Come in," and opens the door fully and steps back. You can now see he had, in the other hand, a really nasty-looking, somewhat rusted battleaxe that he had right around the door, just in case. He goes and sets the loop of the handle of it and puts it over a knob that's in the wall and then steps inside his small hovel as you look in the inside. It's fairly bare, but there are lots of furs that have been skinned and cured that are up on the walls that are hanging, from wolves, from badgers, different other creatures that he's probably hunted and brought in here for the tanning process. You see, hanging on the edge, a handmade piece of hide armor that has been recently stained, and as soon as you get close you can smell the stained scent off of it. You get the sense here, based on the tanning stuff set up outside, that that's probably part of his trading business. "It's also for trade or purchase. Also, I have meats. I have pelts." He thinks to himself for a second and considers the time and energy he's put into it. "Handmade. 15 gold pieces." "I give you two pounds of meat." He coughs a bit, goes over, and starts grabbing the armor and pulling it off of the knob and setting it down, grabbing some meat. He opens the back door and steps out and starts pulling it off of some of the racks of nails on there. Yeah. You're staying where you are? Okay. Make a perception check. Ten? Okay. He grabs the meats, sets them in a small sack, ties it up, hands it over. The armor he preps and folds and sets over, hands it to you. "I'm aware." "Good luck." He closes the door. You hear (deadbolts locking). You guys mount back up on your horses and make your way back to the rest of the group on the cart. It's hide armor. It's well-made, hand-crafted hide armor, for anybody who would have use for it, whether it be using or reselling it. That's up to you. You guys continue onward for the rest of the day until, eventually, the sun sets and you find yourselves with evening quickly taking the sky. Who's helming the search for a good place to camp? Perception check with advantage because the sun is still up. So he got advantage. You glance off, and maybe about 30 minutes up the road you can see a small forest, maybe two or three miles in diameter. It's a cluster of trees and would probably be a way to camp off of the road. Make a nature check. It is meat. It's good. It's a little dry, but it's salted. It's cured. It'll keep for a while. A little chewy. Make a nature check. It's good. Yeah, you can do that. You manage to set up right as the sun completes setting. You build up this little campfire in the center. You set up your bedding around it. The cart is a little ways off. Unless you're putting the bedding in the cart and putting that there next to it? Okay. You put the cart there. Thread around the edges. Okay. Who's taking first watch? Roll a normal roll because you are keeping an eye through darkness. Night vision is only out to a certain radius. You both maintain the first watch as you continue looking out towards the darkness beyond the visible trees that are refracting what little bit of light makes it to their bark. Looking into the shadows, your watch comes to an end, uneventful. Make an investigation check. It takes you a little while. You start getting a little nervous, because Yasha just vanishes in the darkness, saying, "I'll be right back," and is gone for like 40 minutes. You do come back with a handful of small posies. They're nothing special, but they're flowers. You guys finish your watch. Who's taking the next watch? All right. Nott and Caleb. Who's taking point on this? Go ahead and roll. This would be a straight roll for you. The lanterns, they're helping you see the close vicinity. I'll say sure. How far can the lights go out? What's the range? Yeah, so roll with advantage. 22? Nice. You guys are sitting there for a bit, enjoying the time by the fire, conversing. Caleb, you're keeping an eye out beyond the various tree trunks. You hear the snapping of a twig and you see some shifting of shadow. A few things. As you glance around and he's pointing this out and you begin to come to consciousness-- At that moment, as soon as you finish casting Mage Armor, there's a little flash of arcane energy and two arrows come shooting out of the shadows, right towards you. Natural 20 and a six, which would bring it to ten. All right. You suffer five points of piercing damage as the arrow catches you right in the left pectoral muscle, and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You feel this burst of poison begin to pulse through your veins. You are considered poisoned. As you guys all see this happen, you glance around and you can see a bunch of small shapes beginning to skitter from around some of the trees. This growling sound, almost barking sound. There's a few strange, furred wolves emerging from one side, two or three of them, their eyes glistening as the light from the fire manages to catch it from an angle. Behind them, these two heavy forms begin to emerge, and one of them goes, "Oh no! They've awakened! Gonah!" "I know, Emmett!" And we'll come back to roll initiative here as we're going to take a quick break. No. We have a water break. We'll come back on that and roll initiative. As your guys' campfire caught someone's attention. For our Wyrmwood giveaway tonight-- Tonight we're giving out our fantastic ziricote dice tray from our friends at Wyrmwood. I'm pretty sure, yeah. This is the wood that I use on mine. Very slick. Tonight's keyword is "memories." If you want to, come into the Twitch chat. Enter the phrase once. More than once and you'll be disqualified and, unfortunately, it's only available to friends in the U.S. and Canada except for Quebec. But we'll come back with the winner here at the end of the break. Thank you. We'll see you back here in a few minutes. [break] Glancing around, you see a cluster of goblin-like creatures coming out of the nearby forest, helmed by two large ogres that are yelling across the way. It is very shadowy and dark. You can't even see. A cluster of wolves also are circling from that side. I did not have the cart and horses with me, I thought I did and I left them at home. We'll say that they got spooked after the arrows were fired and are off the side of it. To that note, everyone, I need you to roll initiative. Oh my god. Oh shit! I-- (concerned sound) Okay. All right, to that note, friends 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? Wow. Ten to five? Jester and Yasha at the same time. Top of the combat round, after the arrows were fired and Caleb is wincing and pulling back from the blow. As these creatures begin to come out of the shadows, preparing for their continuation of their assault, Beau, you're up first. You're right there. Caleb nudged you awake. Looking this way, as he nudged you, you see the wolves, these goblin creatures here, and this large, looming ogre that was shouting across the way to the other ogre, who's now pushing past the tree and coming into view. As you dart past, it'll put you right there. As you rush up, grabbing your staff from the ground, getting the sleep from your face, you run towards it. Swing! Ten misses. Both first strikes attack. That's your attack action. You swing twice. You're still groggy from being woken up and your blows go a bit wide. The ogre laughs as it palms away one of your strikes. As you get into a stance, you look down and there's the wolf growling, its jaws open, its teeth exposed. The goblins are taking their turn now. I rolled really high on their initiative. They are goblins, as now you've gotten a moment to look. You see them in their greenish skin. They're wearing bits of cobbled-together leather and hide and pelts of whatever they've scavenged around. They have bits of red and purple paint smeared on their face in some war paint style. They're all like (goblin sounds). You, speaking Goblin, know that they're essentially shouting commands. "Don't engage! Pull back and fire!" They're all keeping their distance, at this point, this close up to fire, they're starting to back away and rotate, firing volleys of arrows again towards everybody in the center. That's going to be two against Caleb, one against Nott, two against Yasha, two against Jester, and two against Fjord. Actually, it should be only one against Fjord, because there's only eight goblins. Yeah, so two against Caleb. That's cocked. That's going to be a 12? And a six. Okay, both miss. Both deflecting off of the Mage Armor you put up before. That's going to be one against Nott. It's going to be an eight. You duck out of the way and it goes vanishing into the darkness beyond. That's going to be two against Yasha. That's going to be a nine? And a 23? You take four points of piercing damage and you need to make a constitution saving throw. Four points of piercing damage, and make a constitution saving throw. 22. The arrow hits you, and you feel the poison pulse through. You flex and grit your teeth, and your body manages to prevent the poison from taking root into your system. That's going to be two to Jester. That's going to be a 14? And a 19! That's five points of piercing damage to you. Make a constitution saving throw. Natural 20. You manage to shrug off the venom of these arrow strikes. One against you, Fjord. That's going to be a 15. Misses. As you have your shield now. You did. You took five points of piercing damage. Just splinters across it. With that, they all begin to dart back behind cover. This one vanishes over here. This one's going to dart over to this space there. This darts behind here. They both vanish behind the tree there. They all just dash into the shadows and vanish behind the various trees around you. That finishes the round. Caleb, you're up with Fjord on deck. All righty. Wisdom save. 16 is the DC! All right. For that ogre over there, that's a failure. He's going to be slow. All right. Then the other goblins there. That's an 18. It succeeds. That one there. That's another 18! Two in a row! Sorry about that. Right there? All righty. You are maintaining Slow concentration on him. No, he's just poisoned. That being the case, that finishes up Caleb's turn. Fjord, you're up with Molly on deck. As you suddenly watch him, already a sluggish creature, moving at an even more sluggish pace, the shadows around, all of a sudden, jump off of the nearby tree trunks and cling to the interior of its form, around where the nooks and crannies are. Almost like a small-scale Venom symbiote at times. Southeast. Around this way, or this way? Okay. That's ten. 15. 20. 25. You do get past this guy, who does get an attack of opportunity on you, if you'd like. Okay. Five. Ten. 15. 20. 25. 30. That's where you get, there. Right there? As you rush past, you spin around with the sword and shield in one hand. I mean, you haven't drawn your falchion yet. Yeah, so you just spin around, releasing from your grip-- You do. One attack for each. That does not hit. The second one hits! The first one, the goblin has a shield affixed to its wall and it knocks it out of the way. The Eldritch Blast just poofs without any sort of impact. The second one does hit the other-- it poops! The other goblin goes flying back about five or six feet, tumbles to the ground, and is not moving. Finishing Fjord's turn. Molly, you're up. You do. Is this with your Rite of the Dawn? The scimitar gleams with this faint, glowing, radiant energy, this luminescent glow to the blade as he swings towards the singular goblin. Make your attacks, if you'd like. 16 hits! Yep! Correct. 11 points of damage. That'll do it. You rush up and carve right through his torso. You do. That's (counting) 30. You can get right up behind with that goblin. Go for it. As you swing towards it, it manages to take a shield and deflect the blade, and your scimitar sticks into the side of the tree, and you have to pull it forth and dislodge and prepare yourself for the next round. That finishes Molly's go. Now, the ogres take their turn. This one right here, next to Beau, as you charged up and attempted to pummel it, go in a defensive stance, (chuckles). He's going to make two greatclub swings towards you, with disadvantage, because you have your-- Even with disadvantage, that is a 19 to hit? I rolled a 19 and a 13. That hits. The second one, that is an 18 and a 14. The second one misses. The first one, as it swings down towards you with heavy aggression. That is 13 points of bludgeoning damage as it slams into you and you hit up against the tree. As you barely catch yourself and right, the second swing goes through, and with that, you manage to pull underneath, your defensive stance ready to go, and you jam the club into the tree. The tree actually shakes, sending a bunch of leaves and a couple of birds scatter out from the inside as the ogre pulls the club back. Correct. With that, the ogre goes ahead and-- Actually, he's just going to move over here, and is going to shout at the dogs, "Go! Carve face!" The dogs get ready to pounce. Ogre only has 20 feet of movement. Yep! Yeah. He's like (heavy movement) (confused grumbles). Not within distance, however, pulls a javelin out of a small pouch on the side and right there, in immediate view, is the tiny goblin that, at the moment, the ogre thinks might be one of his own. Instead, is going to assault the mage that affected him with the Slow spell and still, throwing it slowly, it goes in your direction. It's the only action it takes, though. That is going to be a 23 to hit? Natural 17. That's the javelin, which does-- (pained inhale) 14 points of piercing damage. The javelin sinks into your stomach and embeds itself about four or five inches into your torso to the point where the javelin's now holding itself out from your body. You immediately grab it, and the shock hits you that it managed to drive itself so deep inside. You aren't even aware of the damage it's done to your internals, it's put you in a state of shock. That's going to end that guy's turn, but it gets to make a saving throw to try and resist the Slow spell. That is going to be 15. Your spell DC is 16, yeah! It rolled a natural 17, minus two. Not very wise, these guys, so he remains slow. However, I need you to make a concentration check. It's a constitution saving throw. You manage to maintain your Slow spell on him, no issue. The ogre's turns are done. Nott, you're up. Over this side? All right. 15, 20. Okay. It is. Essentially, because you're aiming for such a small piece there, I was going to add five to the armor class, but a natural 20 hits. As he's pulled back and clutching himself, you hit the book that's harnessed under his arm. You feel the impact-- nope! You fall prone on the ground. I will ask you to make another concentration check because you are averting your gaze and attention from the creature you are focusing on. Ten? You're fine. Ten is the DC you had to hit. Yeah, just out of the corner of his eye. I do need you to make a deception check, but with advantage, because you managed to pull this off pretty well so far. This is just to convince others. 18? As far as they're concerned, Caleb is dead. Well, in order to do the bonus action strike, you have to have attacked with your action. It's either two attacks or something else. You have a bonus action, yes. I'll say sure. Make a deception check. Yeah, I know. 13, okay. This would be deception. Okay. They look at you, confused. One of them looks over towards the horses. The other one seems to be holding his ground, but it looks like one of them is in the moment of looking off to something else. That ends your turn. Jester and Yasha, you guys are up. Yeah. As far as you guys know, Nott just turned on you with the rest of the goblins and shot down Caleb. Okay, there you go. You move over, stepping over the campfire. You heal 20 hit points, Caleb. Do you continue to play dead? Okay. The spell doesn't have an effect on Caleb. Sacred Flame is an action though, isn't it? That's okay. You can move. You still have like 20 feet of movement. At half movement, you grab and start dragging Caleb face down through the dirt to about there is as far as you can get him through rocks and sticks. Twigs and shit are getting caught in your hair. Yeah! That finishes Jester's turn. Yasha, what are you doing? To this guy? You step forward past there, and you get right up into the grill of the slowed ogre. As you guys watch here, the campfire suddenly dims. The flames flicker and cool to this low, orange glow from the vibrant yellow flame it was before as Yasha steps past the flame. Behind the shawl, two large, skeletal, black wings emerge from the back of her shoulder blades. It has that effect, but it's still visible, I'm pretty sure. The effect is only within ten feet. You look at a somewhat translucent, skeletal wing structure with membranous, undead-looking wings. As that happens, this dark energy emanates from her body, and for a second, the white tips of her hair go completely black. As she steps forward, striding, with her blade in her hands-- Currently, Nott, you're the only one who can see this, but her eyes go jet black. Entirely full darkness, a void of light where her eyes once were as this happens and she strides forward. Charisma saving throw on his point, there. Well, you're more than ten feet. Unfortunately, he does succeed. However, you do manage to maintain the rest of your ability. Yep, you have two attacks. Oh, no, this is an action to do that, so no, you cannot attack this round. No, because you get two attacks for the attack action. But that's your action. Yes, you may. As you step up to this ogre, your wings unfurled, you give out this heavy Yasha roar that echoes in the space around you as your wings flex out even further. This dark energy pulling in, and the ogre's like (confused grunts)-- looking taken aback by this unexpected display of power. Going to have to look into that. Is that your turn, Yasha? All right, it is the wolves' turn. There are three wolves. These wolves here, watching you drag Caleb backward, all rush in to charge against you. No, because they moved outside of your range there. This one does. You get one attack of opportunity against that guy. Go ahead and roll for it. If you hit him he gets-- That's cocked. 12 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. He doesn't get to move. 12 damage? As the wolf rushes from you, you crack down with the staff. It yelps. It's still standing, but it's hurt really bad. It's limping and turns around towards you with this heavy growl, this angry glare at you. It's going to attempt to attack you with disadvantage, because you're still in your-- 18 and a 17 plus four, that's going to be-- I'm rolling really good, yeah. I know! It's almost like I have a dice that lets me do that. And double fours on the d4s. That will be ten points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a strength saving throw. Yes. 19, okay. It does not knock you prone. As it strikes you, it attempts to push you off your feet, and you resist it using your hand against the tree to push yourself back up and get back into position. The two other ones, however, are going to go against Jester, and because they have Pack Tactics, they both have advantage on their strikes against you because they're coming at you from flanking you as a wolf. First one is going to be-- A 20, on the first one. Not a natural 20. No. That's going to be double 19s on that one, Jesus Christ! I'm rolling really good tonight! Both hit you. I am. I'm excited. The first one is going to be eight points of piercing damage, and the other one is going to be nine points of piercing damage. I need you to make two strength saving throws. Yes. Yes, two of them, please. You manage to resist being knocked prone, as they both begin jumping at you and clawing. One of them bites towards the back of your armor. You throw it to the ground. You almost get knocked off, but you kept yourself there between the two of them, standing, Caleb at your feet. He's going to attempt to make a dexterity saving throw. That's a natural four, nope. That's full damage on this wolf here. 15 points of damage. That wolf suddenly is blasted in freezing cold energy as you yell in response to its assault. As you pull back and look, the wolf is frozen solid, and tumbles into a bunch of ice chunks. Off the battlefield. That ends the wolf's turn. Top of the round Beau, you're up. Go for it. Yep. That misses. The first one hits. Six points of damage. So you have two more strikes. Against the ogre as well? 19 hits. 14 also hits. Roll damage on both of those. d4s on those. Nice, 18 points of damage on it. That finishes Beau's turn. It is now the goblins' go. You come after the goblins, don't worry. You're coming. This one here, who's up against you, Molly, is going to throw the shortbow over its shoulder, pull out its scimitar, and lash out towards you. That's going to be a 15 to hit? That hits, then. You suffer five points of slashing damage. It strikes across you, backs up, pulls its shield up, and is getting ready to defend itself from whatever assault you bring back at it. It's going to stay right there, because it's liking the tree cover to its side, but keeping an eye over its shoulder to Fjord, who tried to fire at it previously. These two goblins are going to step out and they're going to both fire at Fjord, who is advancing towards them. That is going to be a 20 to hit. And a ten to hit. You resist the poison, no issue. This one is going to use the rest of its movement to dart behind there. This one's going to move behind there. These two here that are along with Nott are going to ignore Nott. This one is going to start moving this way towards where the cart ran off, and it's off the grid there. This one is going to saunter up right next to Nott and make a shot at Yasha. That's a natural 17, so it's going to be 21 to hit. You are raging, though, so you take half damage. Which is good, that'd be seven points of piercing damage reduced to three, so you take three points of piercing damage. You do have to make a constitution saving throw. All of the arrows they have are dipped in some sort of a toxin or venom. It poisons. They get the poisoned condition. With that, even in your form, the poison begins to take hold, and where the wound catches you off the side of the throat and the back of the head, the veins begin to pulse black as the poison begins to take hold. You are poisoned. You don't take any additional damage, but currently all of your attacks are at disadvantage. It does, actually. Poisoned Disadvantage on attack rolls and ability checks. It's pretty rough. That ends that guy's turn. There's one goblin back here. Seeing that Molly is currently engaged, it's going to rush up behind and attempt to flank the back of him. It's going to make a strike with its scimitar, with advantage because it's flanking you. That's cocked. Even its highest roll there is a seven plus four, that's 11. It goes to strike and you see it coming, hearing the little footsteps behind you, you duck out of the way as it strikes, hitting air, and now you're holding them off on both sides. I think that's all of them that have gone, so that is going to lead us to Caleb. Correct. To get these two here? Go ahead and roll the points for sleep. It's not concentration, so you get to maintain Slow. 20-foot radius? The 20-foot radius sphere? 13 hit points total? This one falls unconscious, that one stays up. Ten foot radius, then. That would be there. Half the size. Fjord, you're up. Five, ten, 15, 20. All right, go for it. As you draw your falchion out of the side, you focus on it, and as you do so, this spark of electrical thunder energy engulfs the edge of it as you strike downward. That hits, roll damage. An additional 1d8. 18 point of damage. With that, as you cut down into the goblin, the blade sinks in partway through the torso, and then the burst causes it to tear apart in two different directions, exploding, spattering across the tree and the side of the ogre that's ten feet in front of you. Doesn't seem to notice. No, it's an action to use the cantrip, then you get an attack as part of it, so you have to decide between doing two attacks with your invocation that you took, or-- Your movement? You're not quite flanking, you have to get one more square to be flanking with Yasha, but Yasha can possibly move and make that flanking on your turn, if you'd like. That ends Fjord's turn. Molly, you're up. 19 hits, that works. Eight points of damage. As you carve through, it cuts a giant gash down the front of its body to part of its thigh. It's wounded, very badly, but still standing. Carved that goblin right there. That'll hit. What you do is, you strike once and it sticks into his body, then as he's still living, you double down push, and force it the rest of the way down, carving it in half, and it splits in half and is destroyed. Striking down overhand towards it behind you. Total of 12? Does not hit. He's ready for you, and the shield catches your blade. It sticks into it for a second, and shoves it off with you. I forgot to attack with that other ogre last turn, but that's okay. He was slowed, it's fine. Now the ogres go. This one is going to continue to pummel you, as now you've pummeled it, so it gets two strikes against you. That's going to put him at a nine, so the first strike misses. Are you going full amplified? The second strike also has disadvantage. That's going to be a 15. Both swings go wide as its eyes suddenly are filled with blackened blood, and it can't see where you are. It hits the side of the tree and the tree actually tumbles over onto the ground there. The other ogre who's now in front of Yasha as you approached it, it's caught off guard. "Smash scary thing!" It's going to take two strikes towards you. Yeah. It was one action as multiattack. That's going to be a 14. What's your armor class? That's going to be a 13. Second one misses, but the first one does hit. That is 17 points of bludgeoning damage, halved to eight. It's still (grunting), it's like it's trying to push through molasses every time it strikes or swings at you. It's going to attempt to shift around, not even noticing Fjord there at the moment, around this way. Fjord, you do get an attack of opportunity against it. That hits. Roll damage. It is not. It is considered technically a giant. Nice. That finishes your reaction on that. Ogre's turn is done. Nott, you're up. Okay. That hits. Ogre is a big target. You do. Ooh, nice! As it's looming around, it gets struck by Fjord as it's trying to stomp around Yasha, trying to pull away from that situation. You shoot towards the base of its skull and it sticks in and the left arm for a second goes numb and it has to flex its muscle to snap the bolt in its neck, leaving part of it still lodged in the base of its skull, but at least now it's got the use of its other arm back, and goes to clutch onto the club, still moving slowly and sluggish with every movement. That's your action? Okay! (laughter) As you do so, it was literally holding the shield in front of it, and you just shoot the shield. (growl) That finishes your turn, Nott? All right. That finishes your turn. That brings us to Jester and Yasha. Jester. Wisdom save for him. That's going to be-- Right, dex. It's a 13. Roll damage. Oh shit! Where do you want to place it? There you go. Roll for a strike on that wolf. 16 hits! Nine points of damage to the wolf. It clubs down-- (yelp) You watch as one of the shoulders breaks. It's barely standing. It's like (groaning). Does that finish your turn? Up to you. What do you want to do? Okay. Yasha, what are you doing? You have disadvantage because you are poisoned still. You're raging, but you have to roll twice and take the lower, unless you do reckless, in which case it will balance it. What was that first one? The first attack? 16 hits. Second one is? 13 still hits. It's a big target. Its AC is lower because of the Slow spell. He's like super-easy to hit. His armor class is effectively nine right now. That's true. 23 for the first hit? How do you want to do this? (cheering) As you pull him over the blade, it pushes up into the clavicle and up into the throat. It emerges, actually knocking your bolt out of the body because the blade managed to shove it outside of it, and as it slowly gurgles to the ground and collapses, the Hex is gone, the Slow is gone, and the ogre is gone. I know. I hit my sleeve. It's all good. I got it! Yeah, magnets. What's wrong with that? You have another attack, if you want to move and attack something else. Oh, easily. You saunter up aside from Beau. Beau, as you're pummeling, you look over your shoulder and have Yasha arrive, eyes black, giant skeletal wings. Fear effect only happens when you initiate it. It's not-- Correct, 2d6. Plus five. You do get to deal extra necrotic damage to it, equal to your level. Because of your transformation. An additional five damage to this. 21 points of damage. That finishes your turn. They've been beaten around quite heavily at this point, and it looks like some of them may have been previously wounded from something else. You have carved a giant chunk out of its torso. That finishes your turn. The wolves go. One of them is still asleep. The other one that's currently being harried by three of you is going to attempt to strike-- ah, damn it. There we go. Lollipop. It's going to attempt to strike at you. Nope, that's a 14. At this point, that finishes the wolf's turn. The other one is sleeping, unconscious. Top of the round, Beau, you're up. Five damage. That hits, roll damage. (whacking) (snarl) You actually jam it in part of the giant wound. Part of its muscle is flopping over from where Yasha had struck him. All right. Two strikes. Hits. All right. Seven and six. Nice. You're pummeling its torso, and its belly is (jiggling). That ends Beau's go. It's now the goblins' turn. Yeah. They're going to flee. This one's just running. You don't have a melee weapon ready. Because you have your crossbow out. Yeah, it doesn't work that way. Sure, I'll let you do that. Strength bonus, not dexterity. Okay, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. One damage plus your strength modifier. What's your strength modifier? You do one point of damage to it as you slug it in the back of the head, it runs off the board in this direction. This one is going to run this way. Yes, you do. Go for it. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Five points of damage. You strike past it. It keeps running, charges this direction. The ogre right now, being surrounded and watching the rest of its fellows run away, is backing up and looking, "Where Emmett?!" Oh yeah, thank you. He's blocked from my position. He is going to, seeing everything else fleeing, scatter as well. Just runs off the map. That finishes their go. Caleb, you're up. Okay. You're casting it at level two? Yeah, so it's two missiles each. Go ahead and roll damage. 1d4 plus one per missile. He gets hit by both, continues to run. He's wounded, but still alive. Seven for this one? The one that's running past Molly, both missiles hit it from two different sides, and his head pops open from both sides of the force damage hitting it. Its body runs for like three more steps before it (boom) onto the ground on its own. Okay, finishing Caleb's go. Fjord, you're up. Molly, you're on deck. Okay. You have your sword in your hand, and the shield. Okay, so you drop the sword. Cast Hex to strike this fellow. Go for it. That hits. Hits. Roll damage for each. Do that twice because you hit it twice. 13 points of damage? How do you want to do this? (cheering) Okay. Beau's been pummeling it, Yasha carved into it, it's looking like it's ready to flee. As it turns around this way, it sees this flash of greenish light out of the corner of its eye, looks back. They both impact right in the chest, outside of its shoulder blades in the back, two blasts of crimson, leaving these two smoking holes in its chest that you can partially see through, and it falls back, knocking this tree over in the process. The rest, the surviving goblins have seemingly scattered, leaving you in the battlefield with one wolf that is unconscious. (laughter) That finishes Fjord's go. Molly, you're up. Go for it. Yeah, roll some damage. The wolf is misted. You get right up next to Beau and that's the extent of it there. That ends your turn, Molly? Ogres are done. Nott, you're up. You start giving chase? You run; you see him. You get up to this point and you can see where he is. He's 60 feet away from you. He's right where he is, essentially, and you got that far. He's 30 feet from you. Go for it. Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Mm-hmm. Seven points of damage to him. All right, he has seven from him. Yeah, magic missile. Yeah, that's enough. You release the crossbow. It falls to the ground, breathing hard and tries to stand up, falls down to its knee again, and then collapses on the ground, no longer moving. Nope, not at the moment. Okay. You move up to it. We'll get to that next round. For the narrative purposes of this, nothing is currently engaging you in combat. The wolf that is on death's door is currently unconscious and bleeding out from the spell that you gave it. Make a perception check with disadvantage, because it is dark and at night. Nah, he's gone. It darted off. One survivor made it. For the purposes of ease here, you've managed to finish off the wolf that's currently unconscious really quickly. Molly, you're standing next to it and it's on the ground. You had the bonus action, because you didn't use it. You're going to run up and put it out of its misery. You guys gather at this point, and with your wounds, the poison still (throbbing) in your veins for both you and Caleb. Around the corner, you see there's the horse cart, about 30 to 40 feet from where you are, and there's one goblin grabbing a bunch of sacks. He's like, (excited panting). He turns around and sees all of you standing there in the clearing, and goes-- He goes into a full sprint in the opposite direction. Roll damage. Level one? That is a 12, so I think it succeeds. It's unfortunate. 20. You watch him run. These what would be five missiles, anime Gundam-style. The goblin (panting) (poofing) It's harried repeatedly with these missiles impacting him. It's pretty rough. With that, silence falls upon the field. Your cart regained and the goblin running off spooks the horses a bit and they pull the cart another ten feet or so, but they eventually slow down. At this point, the wings fold and vanish. Her eyes come back to normal color. The white tips of her hair return. You don't see anything. You seem to be relatively alone. It's less a Xhorhasian language, and more one that you're not quite certain why you understand it. Make an investigation check. You don't recognize them. Short bows, scimitars, grungy, some of them coated with excrement and other things to make them nasty when they carve through and infect wounds. Large greatclubs that are carved. On some of the scimitars. They look nasty. No. But there are a few pouches that haven't been spilled or utilized entirely of toxin. With that investigation check, you manage to pull five vials of toxin, unused. Each one has a single use on some sort of a weapon. Yeah, it's middle of the night, maybe one or two in the morning. There's a crack of thunder. The rain begins to come down as one of the slowly encroaching storms begins to pour down in the middle of the night. Taking the final watch? Roll perception for me if you don't mind. Disadvantage for the darkness. Sure. What did you roll? As you complete the final watch, the rain doesn't subside. The flashes of lightning and the rolling of thunder makes it a bit difficult, but the exhaustion of the previous battle manages to combat that enough for those of you who want to complete your evening's rest, you do. Until eventually the glow of the morning's light brings you all to consciousness once more. The rain reduces itself to a drizzle. You gather your materials, do the best you can to warm up, shaking yourself in the cold, damp morning. Gather your cart, slowly head back towards the roadway, and continue your journey towards the Labenda Swamp. And that's where we will end tonight's episode. If I didn't have anything to do tomorrow. If I wasn't flying to Canada tomorrow, I could keep going. Yeah. I think you did. He was too busy with his own. Anyway, thank you guys. We'll pick this up next week on Thursday from there, as we have about a day's worth of travel before you get there. With enough speed, you will get there before the next dusk.