Welcome to Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Travis is in a good mood. Glad you guys can join us. Before we jump into tonight's episode, let's get through some quick announcements. First and foremost, we have our first sponsor for the evening our recurring friends at the wondrous D&D Beyond. Sam, you said you were prepared in advance for this one. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. Very Tim and Eric of you, I respect that. There we go. Yeah, I can see it. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, D&D Beyond. Our second sponsor for the night actually comes from inside the family. Those of you who are familiar with our first campaign got to see him performing as Garthok for one of our guest episodes, and he's been on a number of shows here at Geek & Sundry. He helped write the theme song for Critical Role. Actually, he wrote the theme song for our show, amongst many other songs for the series. Jason Charles Miller has a new album coming out this week called In the Wasteland. The art looks really cool, the design there. It's available now. You can find it wherever else music is streamed or sold; you can buy an autographed physical CD copy of it from Jason's website, which is jasoncharlesmiller.com. If you like rock, country or metal music, anything in between, you'll probably like this album. If you've ever heard his previous work, it's pretty badass actually. I'm very picky with my music and his stuff is great so check it out, I hope you like it. We have a great little video at the break also to discuss this fantastic album. So thank you, Jason, and I hope you guys enjoy his new stuff. Moving on. We made the really exciting announcement earlier this week. If you haven't seen we launched our new online store and we're working on brand new shows for our YouTube and Twitch channel. We have also put up on Critrole.com shop the new Mighty Nein shirt. It's already selling out really fast in a lot of sizes, but we already have more ordered that are coming in, so we'll update you guys as soon as those come in. If you are of those sizes that are sold out, we'll have more soon. We're super excited about all the things coming up. Critical Role and Talks Machina will still be here on the Geek & Sundry Twitch and in Alpha, so do not worry. All the new stuff will be coming on our own channels and let you guys know as soon as things come forward. Super stoked about that. Also, wanted to let you guys know friends of ours in the community, I know that some of you guys are familiar with Web DM they do fantastic work, fantastic streams and they're doing, on June 24th at 100pm Central Time, this weekend, a fantastic fundraiser D&D stream. With a wonderful all-female cast we have Satine Phoenix, Lysa Chen, Autumn Umphress, Syd Shields and the DM Emma Lambert will be running for the benefit of The Girls Empowerment Network in Texas. Tune in at twitch.tv/webdm or twitch.tv/criticalrole. We'll be hosting them as well so you can check it out. It's going to be a wonderful game with good people involved and a great charitable event that you can help be a part of the cause. So look forward to that. No. The standard editions of Vox Machina Origins, the comic, are still available through Geek & Sundry and Alpha online shops. Details are at critrole.com. Talks Machina is every Tuesday evening at 700PM Pacific where our fantastic host Brian W. Foster talks about the episode that's happening tonight next week. Watch us next week and a few of us will be there, present, to discuss what will transpire. I believe that is it and that is all for the announcements. Anything else guys or shall we--? Then, without further ado let's jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Yeah. That's fine. You'll be fine. You gathered your things and went back to the open road where you headed to the crossroads, did some trading. Through the evening, jumped into a few old friends who were looking to rob you, sent them on their way. Then continued northward until eventually you came upon the outskirts of the-- what was it-- Silberquel Ridge-- there we go, brain not working-- to the gnomish city of Hupperdook. Upon arriving in the city, you took in the industrial sites the elements of it that are heavy machinery and the creation of new types of clockwork-based technologies, the stacks of soot and steam sent outward, the war machines being developed for use to the eastern lines where the conflict with Xhorhas is now brewing. You made a friend by the name of Rissa who said, in exchange for a round drinks in the evening, would show you around the town for a bit. Upon making your way to the upper level, you were given a brief tour of the vicinity which seemed strangely empty. The streets very well decorated for some seeming celebration, but nobody present. As the sun slowly went down, the town came to life as all the work whistles blew, the sounds of merriment began. And suddenly, as the sun goes vanishing behind the distant mountains, the golds and oranges and subtle purples of the sunset begin to take over, the sound of music and laughter begins to take the streets. So, Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? "Right, yeah?" "Like I said, welcome to Hupperdook." "Well, I mean, what else is there to do for the night here but that?" "There's nothing else to do! You've arrived, go and get your stuff somewhere and let's have a drink!" "You owe me a round anyway." "Yeah. It's part of our culture, our gnomish heritage." "Why? Because it keeps us working hard every day. Sure, maybe our general longevity, for "gnomes, is a little shorter than most, but what a life we lead." She reaches out and she's leaning out the cart as you guys are heading through the street. These kids run by with sparklers in their hands and she reaches out and plucks them from their hand and picks it up it's all (popping) around and she passes it over. "I can already see I'm going to like you folks!" "That's the way we do here." "You can." "Well, in the tavern." "Oh, you can lock the doors!" "Because you put your lips to it." Make a perception check. Candy necklaces, big giant pacifiers. What you see is waves of fast moving families and people. Gnomish, some dwarves, a few human-sized folks rushing by. It looks like some of them are rushing from work to get home to disrobe from all their dirty clothes and jump back out with their party attire, or they're already on their way to wherever their destination is. You hear fireworks going off in the distance and the occasional flashes in the sky. But you don't see any vendors at this juncture. At this point, who's helming the cart and the horses? Okay. Rissa saddles up, sits right in the little bench next to you at the front of the cart and takes part of the reins. "Helping to guide you to where you're trying to get to go. Follow me. "Tug to the right and it's got about two blocks down that way. It's going to be hard to miss. Look "for the large arch with the various spiraling ivy vines against it." Yeah, make a perception check. During this travel, as you're keeping an eye out, she seems to be just focused on the task at hand. That's what it could mean, or she could just not be trying to steal from you, but it could be either. You don't know. After pulling around the side, you come to this large celebration square where there are three stages set up. There is a large maypole in the center, and they're currently lifting up and tethering these large colorful streamers of multiple colors. People are gathering baskets of flowers. A few get tossed and you catch it, and they're made of cloth. You get the sense here that they don't have access to a lot of fresh flowers here in Hupperdook based on the rocky terrain and the perpetual tossing of soot and ash into the atmosphere. Also, if the celebration is that often they probably continue to reuse the same elements over and over again. As you come over into this corner, there are bands starting to play, music being set up on the outside, people are starting to sit down with blankets and families are starting to gather in this area. To your left, you see the large ivory archway with the ivy that's twisting across the top of it. Rissa reaches and tugs your hands to the left to gear the cart in that direction and goes, "All "right, Blushing Tankard right up this way." There's more laughter and there are two vendors now on the outside, one of which is currently selling flower necklaces or bands. The other has clusters of sparklers and firecrackers. You walk up, and there's a young gnomish man in what would be the equivalent of his late teens, or early twenties, got a very prominent Adam's apple, and very thin for some of the gnomes you've seen around there. He glances up to you, holding a small barrel filled with various small-scale explosives. "Hi, can I help you?" "Three, all right. I'll just get this together." "Well, do you want three of everything, or do you want a pack?" "Packs of ten." "Packs for both of ten." "All right, pack of each. That will be five silver." "Oh that's--" on the other side, the next person over there, a portly-looking fellow in his middle ages or so, resting inside of his neck, rescinded inside. "Hi, yeah, the flowers are going to run about five copper per string. So do you want just one?" He's got a bunch of them tied up in his hair and hanging off his neck. "Braids are across the way over there. Cindy does the braids." "All right, that's five copper, thank you." You're going to keep collecting pathetic characters to fight with you? It's the best front line you can hope for. (bouncing) You go back and look at it, and you realize there is actually a tiny little fuse on it. Roll for an attack. You don't even have to roll damage. She tosses it in the air and it arcs, this tiny little firecracker, this little gray rod and then this little streak of flame fires up and hits it. It detonates with this loud pop! sound and you see sparks around it. It dissipates a moment after and in the vicinity, about seven or eight nearby gnomes, two of which children, all go, "(gasp) "Yeah!" Start clapping and cheering. Ten, so you have nine now. Well, communally, not much at all. You, make an intelligence check and have advantage because of your alchemical history. Yes. You know it's had minor applications for a while, but it's only really been applied in very condensed and common use for, like the explosives you found in the mine, clearing out spaces in underground caverns, or for the detonation of localized rocks that are in the way of paths trying to be put in mountain ranges. Small scale black powder like this you haven't encountered, really, so this seems to be a relatively new use of this particular compound. You've barely come across it at all. You've read about it. Actually, the dynamite sticks you found in the mine were probably the first ones you encountered in your experience. Not a lot of use for it in the small farming town of Felderwin. You have before, but they're saved for very rare occasions, like the coming of a ship that's been long gone from shore or particular times of the year for celebrations they would go off and for that in particular they would put ship barges out on the water and they would fire them up from the waterfront. Having it this close is intense and even that small burst right there, there was a flash of heat that you haven't really had before and it's really exciting. Most everyone you see here is gnomish. You've seen a handful of dwarves, that's the next prominent people that live here and then a smattering of human and half-elf. Right now, you guys have just come to the outside of The Blushing Tankard. There is. Okay. You guys, leaving Caleb and-- you're staying with Caleb while he sets up the perimeter. As you guys enter the Blushing Tankard Tavern, it is one of the larger taverns you've been in. The floor space has 20 or so round tables scattered amongst the floor. There is a stage in the far back where the music hasn't quite started yet, but there are musicians setting up. You can see a violinist who's currently tuning. There is a piano in the back, and outside a couple of taverns you saw in Zadash, and your experiences from when you were on the coast, pianos aren't as common in tavern spaces. Usually reserved for the upper class, for private performances or higher-end social events. However, the tables are filling up already, people are rushing in there. Food is passed around left and right. In the back, there's a group of gnomes that are currently clapping the ground on their table, singing some sort of tune, a shanty. One of them is up on the table, clapping his legs there. One of the barmaids comes by and slaps him. "Get off the table!" What would you guys like to do? All right. Okay, go ahead and make a performance check. There's a few moments of this going on before you suddenly hear this (throat clearing). You turn over your left shoulder and there is a half-elven gentlemen in a very nice doublet, who is currently holding a handful of sheet music. "Um, you're at my piano." He twitches at the off-tune hammering of the keys. "I'll be right back." He turns around and wanders off for the moment, clearing his ear with his pinky. You guys go to get rooms? You head to the front, it's a very long bar that wraps around the right side of the entire chamber. It has two hatches that can open up. From the inside, you see two individuals. You see a male gnome with a massive mane of red hair. Clean shaven, middle age, and he's smiling and running around, getting drinks, sliding them down the bar, filling things. He's the gnomish redhead equivalent of Tom Cruise. Spinning the bottles and pouring them out. On the other side you see a female dwarf, with this awesome, well-kept, chinstrap beard who has beautiful eye makeup on and this very colorful, silk, billowing blouse that tapers at the wrist with a flourish. She's currently filling out drink and snack orders, and they're both workhorses. They both have smiles on their faces, and they're chatting with regulars. You haven't quite caught their eye yet, they're in the midst of other business. A dwarf, yeah. For the hell of it, both of you guys roll charisma checks, please. Just roll a d20 and add your charisma modifier. So the better part of 15 minutes pass of you guys waiting there and being overlooked until eventually the dwarf woman stops and goes, "All right, sorry about that, didn't see you there. "You're a bit higher than the usual folk. What can I do for you?" "Both of those can be done, lassie." "Four rooms, all right. Let's see then. That's one gold piece per room per night." "This is the mini bar, my dear. But don't worry. We can bring drinks up, we can bring "companions up, we can bring what you need up, just let us know." All right. But really fast. SAM and It's impressive. A little off-key, but overall impressive, the speed of the composition. Right as she starts crescendoing, about to get to the quiet part (speedily playing The Entertainer), a hand slams down on the keys, and that same half-elven gentlemen leans in once more and goes, "If I might please request my instrument returned to me, my dear." "Thank you." "I am." "I have a tipping hat." He pulls off from the side this wide-brimmed hat that comes to a point in the front and floppy in the back, and he sets it up on top of the piano. "Well then, I certainly hope the first few tips come while you're at the bench." And he sits down at the bench and pushes you off of it. "I saw." Cracks his knuckles, sets his music down in front, starts getting ready. The other performers to the side are watching this out of the corner of their eye and laughing. They're enjoying the tension that's brewing. You guys get your rooms situated. As the keys are being passed out to the different rooms, drinks are being handled. "So are you looking for something strong or something strong?" She leans into you and goes "I like you. You're colorful." "Thank you. First one's on me, how about that?" "Hold that till later on. That event's not till later tonight." "Is this your first time here?" "A bit. Well, we have some performances going on, and then we have our contest. Our weekly "Hour of Honor. So just don't drink too much if you're looking to compete." She pops the top button off the top of her blouse and gives a better look at her dwarven cleavage. I realized that I could do it as I was doing it. As she does that, she reaches down and pulls out a dark red glass bottle with a large cap, which she pulls off. This tiny glass, passes it over to you, and you look at it. You're used to seeing liquid splash quite often, this sloshes at a slower pace. It's a thicker liquor. It's surprisingly sweet. Strong, the burn kicks in afterward. You like it. "That's up to you." "Would you like one of the same?" "All right, that'll be five silver pieces." "Oh my goodness, thank you!" She puts it in her cleavage. Pours you another shot of it as well, hands it over. All right, it burns, but it's good. It's like a sweet thick honey liquor that coats the throat, and the coating at first feels nice until the burn hits. It's good. Yasha is with you, but the player's in Japan, filming. As you glance around, Yasha's sitting towards the back, and towering over most of the clientele here, and not necessarily uncomfortable, but unsure what to make of the jovial atmosphere. There is the faint corner of a smile, but the awkward, anxious smile of not knowing what to do and afraid to step any direction and crush somebody. At this point, Rissa's like, "Well, if you've got your rooms taken care of, we're looking "for a place to sit, then." She glances past and you can see patrons are starting to get really rowdy. They have these rope-hung chandeliers in three different spots, and you can see one person is jumped up onto one and is hanging back and forth off of it. Some people are like, "Yeah!" All of a sudden, the dwarf woman at the bar goes, "Oh, for the love of--" clambers over with a speed you didn't expect from her, rushes over and grabs the ankle and tears him down, off onto the ground. "Not in my bar!" Are you talking to Rissa? "I imagine if they're not paying attention." "My gnomish eyes spot what looks to be one open table across the way, right there." Rissa points, and you can see, past the way, there's one table that two people are just getting up from and leaving. You and Rissa go into a full run. You beating her easily. You get to the table and scoot into the side. As she approaches, you watch as two male gnomes intercept her, and block her path. One of them goes, "Uh-uh, sorry Tinkertop, table's not for you." She goes, "Fuck off, Fitz! I've worked "hard enough. I saw this table fair and square." The other one goes, "You don't work, Tabletop, "just like your brain-sick dad. This table's for working folk." Fitz glances over and says, "Go ask "your pops to make you a table to drink at alone. Might buy you an hour before it breaks." They both look wildly confused. "No, no." Make an intimidation check. As you lean forward in that tense glare, a little bit of a liquor-based burp comes up abruptly and breaks the intensity of the moment. "Oh, someone's starting early, not too bad. No, "from what I've heard about these folks, their blood's fire, but on the inside they're nothing but cold and clammy." He goes and flicks the edge of your nose, these two little gnomish punks. All right, which one? The one that just flicked you in the nose, his eyes go black and you can see the bit of crimson pooling at the corner of the eyes. He goes, (stuttering), stumbles back, and hits the stool, and falls onto his ass. "What's going on?!" Go ahead and make a sleight of hand check. You manage to pull six silver pieces and three gold pieces out of his pocket. Right now, no. Strangely enough, it's only money, and only that amount. The one that gets slapped in the ass by Jester is like, (stuttering) "I apologize. Rissa, "we didn't know," reaches over and goes and grabs the friend. As soon as Nott jumps on and starts thrashing around on him, "Get that thing--" goes and pushes you off of its body, picks up the other gnome. At this point, his eyes come back, and the little strings of blood are curling down the side of his cheek. He goes, "What happened?" They both just get lost into the crowd. Rissa looks over her shoulder at them leave and (laughing). "Me too, indeed!" "Fitz and Ashton. They're both a couple of punks. I've known them since I was a kid." "Well, Tinkertop." "Eh--" She curls into the bench around the table and leans one shoulder onto it. "My father's an inventor, a tinkerer of some renown at one time. He's had a rough few years." "That's just him being an arsehole." "All sorts of things, toys, contraptions, occasionally whatever he's told to make by the "Starosta, but he's just a bumbling twat, really." He's probably in nap time right now. Tomorrow, maybe? Another round of just traditional ale drinks for everybody would probably run you, we'll say three silver pieces. As you guys gather around for a second, Rissa livens up a bit after that conversation. "But anyway, you've asked me a bit about myself, what about you? What are you here "for? What brings you to this godforsaken place?" "Looking for work?" "That's not the first time we've heard that." "I'm just going to call that unintentional ignorance, but, no, gnomes don't live in "mushrooms. Don't be saying that around here very loudly, not all folks will be taking kindly to that." She grabs one of the tankards and starts drinking heavily from it. "Anyway!" The music begins to kick in even louder. The celebration has kicked into a second gear here, once I can find the music transition. MARISHA and The crowd begins to hush for a moment. From one of the back rooms, a door opens and a range of brightly-colored gnome dancers come rushing into the room to a swell of cheers and applause. You see four dancers emerge, across the spectrum of gender, and take to tabletops and begin to stomp and click their feet to the rhythm of the music. The musicians begin to finally pick up and build. The pianist you met earlier is starting to make his music happen. It's beautiful and echoes through the room, the placement of it. You get the sense now, whether it be some enchantment or some intentional acoustic presence in the room, but the music carries well and seems to bleed from everywhere. As the dancers are up on the tables, these silk scarves rainbow-colored, from their arms, twirl into large circles and shapes, and they have this worked out, fantastic choreography in unison. They begin to leap from tabletop to tabletop in a circular fashion, making these large arching foot leaps and landing again. Folks cheer with each land, the music whirring itself into a frenzy. Folks are starting to toss coins towards them on the table. They, in the middle of it, will spin, catch one and pocket it and move back into the dance. You get the sense this a very practiced and fairly often performed as to how well-oiled this machine of a performance is. Snatched out of the air. Make a dexterity check. This is going to be a contested dexterity check between you and a dancer. As you reach for the coin, your fingers almost touch it before everything goes dark as a wooden shoe-covered foot (slamming) across your face from the dancer who catches it between two fingers, looks down, retracts the foot, and as you get your vision back and look up, the dancer gives you a wink and goes back into a spin. As the dancers begin to gather, leaping from table to table, they start getting closer to the center of the room. They begin to spin together until eventually they clasp hands. Some of the bar hands grab the tables and start pushing them together in the center, telling the patrons to step back a bit. As they do, the circle continues to get tighter as they leap from table to table, holding each other wrist to wrist, arm to arm. As they do, the silks are billowing out and you can see them extending. The silks they've been holding seem to have been a bunch hidden within their sleeves. As they billow out, they widen until it's like a parachute of rainbow colors that just spin in this circle. It completely engulfs them; all you see is the tip of their heads within this swirl of color until eventually the music comes to a climax and with a heavy stomp, all the colors fade, and the dancers bow. Everyone in the room starts cheering and clapping. (applause) The dancers smile and step off, walking around with hats in the front, taking tips from people at tables as they adjust the tables back to their original point. Everyone else goes back to their meals, and you see them tossing the odd copper or silver piece into their hats. Kiri is off to the side. (chirping) "For the most part, yeah. As the evening goes on it tends to gather around the places where "drink is running freely, until everyone passes out, then wakes up, hair of the dog, usually takes "himself a bit of Fuse and then gets back to work." "A Fuse is the hair of the dog drink that we brew here to get everyone waking up and back to work." "I don't know how it's going to mingle well with non-gnomish tracts, but I'm willing to watch and try." "Me too." (laughs) "Hour of Honor?" "Look over there." She points to the far wall, and they're starting to set up lights on it, these glowing lanterns they have on pikes. It's a collection of wooden name plates. She goes, "Once "a week, there's a contest where the previous holders of the Hour of Honor can take challenges. "Whoever provides the most monetary amount to the challenge gets to go one-on-one with their team, "drink to drink, until only one's left un-puking or un-passed out." "The remainder gets the coin, I think a percentage goes to the house and gets to take the "title and a token. That token is worth a free drink to each member of that team in this bar "every night." "From what I've seen, it can depend on if people are that interested or that competitive. "Some folks put up the few gold they've earned for a few days if they're feeling lucky. I've seen "people put upwards of 20, 25 gold sometimes, which is quite a sizable sum." "I can hold my weight, but I'm not much of a competitor, if that's what you're asking." You've probably been here for the better part of an hour or two, just getting your paces, having drinks and taking in the performances and the music. "I'd say you probably have another hour "before it begins." (like Jester) "I am Kiri." (like Jester) "Yes, I am very sweet." (like Caleb) "Doesn't matter, though." (like Jester) "Okay." (like Jester) "I know her." Rissa, at this point, goes, "Well, first off, you're assuming they're all women." "I can honestly say I do not. Sorry." As you approach the bar, the dwarven woman, who's in the process of cleaning a spill on the side, looks over and sees you and does a triple-take, like-- "Well, would you look at this "strapping mass of green and tooth." (laughter) "What can I do for you?" "Mighty forward, but I can't say I'm not interested. I've got a few more hours on my shift, "but if you hang around--" "Well, it's been a while since I've--" She goes and starts pouring herself a drink. "How many?" "Three companions? All right. I have to go and connect with a friend here and see what's "available, but that's certainly doable." "Well, that depends on what you're asking for. Is it only for the hour, is it for the "evening, what the requests are--" "For an hour? Three? That'd put you about, say, 20 gold." "I can do that, yeah. She's small. I can hold her down." "It's awkward for me, too." "Good, then you go out and have a good time. I'll hold the bird down." (like Jester) "I can send a message." (like Jester) "Okay. I don't know if it's smart." (chirping) She holds her little dagger in front of her. (like Jester) "Okay." He's not going to leave his friends behind. As you're making your way out, the dwarven lass reaches out in your direction, Fjord, to flag you down. "So, just asking how soon are you wanting this companionship sent to your rooms, and--" and her finger's playing with the front of your armor on the edge of the bar, and goes, "I could give "you a discount." "Would you like me to cancel your request, then?" "All right, I'll hold on to this until then. Well, hopefully see you around." Gives a hint of grinning stink-eye in your direction, Jester, and back to Fjord "Take care of yourself, lad." At this point, Kiri, who's not that far from you because you're still in the bar, says (like Jester) "Don't eat humans, okay?" Yasha goes, "I'm going to take her upstairs," and heads off to the chamber. There's a big, bassy (impact) that you can feel in your chest. There's a flash of color outside, and there, out maybe 20 feet, looking up, Molly. There's a flash of the firework in the sky going across his horns and form. You walk out in this fair. Most people who have gathered here, they're sitting there, they're eating food, and they're watching the fireworks as they go off. There's a few folks out there, candle dancers, they have these light candles, and it's this very slow, meticulous dance. They're moving in the darkest places of the corner and give this almost will-o'-wisp-type performance. It's really enchanting, and borderline creepy at times, when you can't actually make out the forms of the dancer in the shadow. People are watching and keeping an intent look on it. Otherwise, the rest of this thoroughfare is apparently here, though you're not sure how much businesses are open, since most people are in the process of recovering from a day of business. What do you want to do? What else are you guys going to do? Oh, yeah. There aren't a lot of them, meaning there's not an endless supply, but you go back to the same people that are just up the road to the right from the outside of the tavern. You can find the same two vendors you spoke with earlier. Make an investigation check, and you make a perception check, Caleb. Was it a natural one? Oh, so not quite a natural one. You come upon a number of vendors that have already given out all their flowers, so you're having a hard time finding anybody that still have any for sale in this main central area. We'll come to that in a little bit. Okay, good to keep that in mind as we move on. You go back to those two vendors. They're both set up on the side. The one guy with the sparklers is still set up there, and the guy with the fireworks is still resting there on the edge, and the other guy with the flowers is set up on the side. There's one guy with the sparklers and the fireworks who's there, the thin, somewhat dopey-looking, young gnomish guy, and you have the flower vendor, who's slowly settled into himself, like a barrel of a gnome. "Hey! Welcome back." "I don't really have anything more powerful than these." He's, at this point, locking eyes with you, Nott, and there's like a look of recognition in his face. "I don't have anything of that variety. I'm sorry." "Sorry, we're closing shop up for the night." Then he goes and closes up his little satchel and walks away. At this point, you guys are caught up with the rest of the crowd as you guys have meandered your way and look up and you can see the rest of your party has been wandering the street. It's pretty damn good wine. At this moment, Caleb, in listening to this conversation, your eyes focus on a sign post behind her on a building that reads Bent Binders. No. The windows are closed. Make a perception check. As you look through, the combination of the two of you, eventually the glass fogs up and you can't see anything. But from the brief moment you had, on the inside, it looks like there are a few shelves that contains some books. It looks like there is actually a binding press and tools for bookbinding in there. It looks like they have books for sale, but it's too dark for you to see if they are blank or if they are actual books at the moment. You cannot tell yet, no. Just like Christmas, you must wait 'til the morning. (laughter) Make an investigation check. TALIESIN and Actually, as you guys are fogging up the window, you pull back and look to the left, and you can see this adorable little gnome girl with deep tan skin, her hair pulled in these cute little puffy buns in the side of her head, and she has this little basket that is just filled with these different-colored silk-material flowers. She's standing there, smiling, and you can see an older gnome sitting in a rocking chair behind her with a big old pipe coming out of his mouth as the hat is half-covering his face and he's just sitting there, rocking next to her. "Really?" "Hi." "Oh, my goodness. Thank you so much. Okay." "Dad, how much is a flower?" The guy sitting there rocking goes, "Take them a silver apiece. "Sorry, copper." "Yeah." "Copper." "You will get ten flowers from me. Lickety-split." She goes and takes out a handful, counts them in your hand, "One, two--" "--three-- I am five." "Yes. He's a good dad." "What number is that?" "What?" "Oh, I'm very special, too." "Yeah!" "The house is two buildings down that way and back one street. You could see it has the red "brick on the base, by the door." "Okay. What's your name?" "Tara." "Nice to meet you, too." There's this pause, and she goes, "Okay. Bye." Then runs back and goes, "Dad, dad, dad," and starts taking the copper and puts it in his hand and he's, like, "Oh, that's a fine job." He pulls his hat up a bit and takes the coin. He looks over to you as you walk away and-- Make an insight check. Seems like a nice enough dad. Yeah. Anything else you guys wish to do? It's starting to get relatively close to that hour window. There are crownsguard. It's interesting, because there are half and half. For the large gnomish population here, you see half of the crownsguard are gnomish, and many of them have some form of firearm slung over their back and shoulders. The other half appear to be human or half-elf. The human/half-elf crownsguard appear to be less jovial and really paying attention to the chaos and generally trying to keep an eye out for anything untoward. In comparison to the rest of the people that are currently celebrating, yes. But even the gnomish crownsguard seem to be taking their job seriously, but they're still part of the event. You get the sense here that everyone else gets to celebrate and party at this hour and they don't get to, so they cheat a little bit. Honestly, there's more crownsguard at night than you expected. When you came into the city, it didn't seem that heavily guarded, but now they're out in a pretty serious force. You gather probably a combination of there being wartime, or because the nature of what this city builds. As you're glancing out, on the outside of the ledge of this upper area, looking down, there are a number of torches out by where the construction yards are down below. Either people are working through the night down there, or there's a fairly heavy presence of crownsguard present around these partially-constructed devices and machines of war that you saw being worked on earlier in the day. The gentleman who's selling the flower bands is sitting, already smiling, and goes-- Yeah, it has a few uses on it per day. You guys return to the Blushing Tankard Tavern. The music's still blaring. Drinks are being thrown around. A bunch of people are singing big, old songs and clanking their tankards together and spilling onto the tabletops. The floor is already slick with spilled liquor here and there. It is a party that hasn't stopped since you left. As you guys begin to enter, the dwarven woman who you had spoken with earlier gets onto one of the central tables and slams her foot on the table. Everyone starts looking over and she goes, "Attention, "arseholes! Might I have your leering eyes upon this supple and available specimen of a woman?" You hear some whistles. "Oh, thank you." She bends forward with a wink to the crowd. "It's as you've "all been waiting for The Hour of Honor!" "Yeah!" Cheers, clapping. "The tokens and titles are at "stake. Ol' Blemmy and his crew hold this winner's tokens for the last three weeks," and she gestures over and you can see a team there, mostly of gnomes. Ol' Blemmy is this dwarf with one giant gash down his face, and the snow-blind eye in that socket is sitting there with this tuft of a beard that has been so unkempt that you can't see his mouth. It's this gray-black, salt-and-pepper bush that disappears into a chin beard. You assume he's grinning beneath there. Kind of, yeah. Beard Papa? "They're not willing to let them go! Who wants to put up their coin and their balls to "topple these nobodies?" (chuckling) Folks start standing up and tossing some coin on the table at her feet and shouting out, "Five silver!" "A gold piece!" "Three gold over here!" People are standing up and their groups are starting to get amped up and ready. She's like, "Keep them coming, "keep them coming!" "Whoa. By the colorful newcomers-- hi there, sweetie!" "Do we have more than ten gold here to try and take down these giants of drinking?" There's a moment, and this one group in the corner, these coal-smeared gnomes that come from-- you can assume now this is probably a heavy mining town. They're sitting there with elements of their leather work clothes still on, and they're all thinking and talking amongst themselves, and they all pull in a few more coins, and one of them comes forward, still wearing leather gloves from the day and pops down, "15 gold." "18." He goes back, talking to them. Comes back, "25 gold pieces." At that point, everyone goes, "Whoa!" With a flourish, you place the rest of the 30 gold piece pot on the table. "Ooh." "So?" Turns back and looks back at the miners, and they all go (heavy sigh). They gather their gold off the table back again, and Irena goes, "Well, if that's it, it "looks like our contenders for the night are-- (quietly) what are you called?" "The Mighty Nein!" Cheers and clamoring continue around, and everyone starts shouting and yelling. "All right, let's set up these drinks people!" With that final slam on the table, she leaps off onto the ground and starts heading off towards the bar on the side. The other bartender-- the gnomish gentleman there is rapidly clearing out tankards and drinks, and he's starting to pull up bottles onto the countertop. They start pushing tables into the center again once more as the crowds begin to circle around, and Ol' Blemmy and the rest of his rather rough-looking crew that have seen some life in their time-- They're all pretty much gnomish middle-age, which could be anywhere between 100 to 200 years old, and you can see the weathering on their faces and their clothing. They look like they nearly drink professionally. They step up to the table and they figure out what order they're going to go in. You guys figure out what order you're going to go in? There's five on their team, and talking to her a bit, she goes, "All right, there's five competitors. You need to pick five of your team to compete." Who's sitting it out amongst you guys? You need five, yeah. As you're coming down, you notice, Jester, the crowds are all gathering, and there's this big circle appearing around the central-- they have two tables that are set up with a single bench each end. You can see a third table behind it where there's probably going to be the dwarf woman overseeing this venture. You do see this little gnome girl that's walking through the crowd, and her hands open, and people are-- It's not Tara, actually, but it's a rather dirty-looking gnome little girl who's thumbing through and getting pushed around a little bit, her hands are out in front. She takes it and, "Thank you," barely audible voice, and continues wandering in the crowd. So, the five of you guys are doing it? SAM, TALIESIN, TRAVIS, MARISHA, and At this point, the dwarf woman comes back to the top of the tables there, looks out, "All "right, friends! I am but your humble evening mistress, Irena Clommop. And it is my pleasure to "present to you tonight's esteemed head-to-head drinking battle between Ol' Blemmy and crew, and "The Mighty Nein. First up of Blemmy's crew, we have Duncan!" You see this one gnome gentleman come forward. Patchy beard, more of a Stonewall Jackson type, missing the centerpiece there. His eyes are bloodshot and red. His hair's slicked back with some sort of a thick oil, and he's wearing a leather apron over a white, stained shirt with the sleeves rolled up past his elbows. He sits up, gets on one end of the table, puts one hand on his tankard, and is waiting for his competitor. "And on The Mighty Nein's side, who's competing against old Duncan?" "What's your name?" "Molly! All right. So we'll take turns." She grabs this small barrel-- it's a handheld barrel-- she pours both of your drinks to the brim. "When I clap hands together, you both drink! It's not "first to finish, but it's one drink after the next. First to pass out or lose their drink "forfeits. So with your drinks full, let's begin!" With that, I need you to roll a constitution check. Roll a d20, add your constitution modifier. You watch as Duncan, takes it (gulping). You're drinking it and getting through it fine. You're partway through your drink and he's already finished (slam) on the table. It was a natural 20 on his end. You finish the drink, and you're like (burp), a little effervescent, but it's there. So that's one loss on your end. How the rules work is that the first to three losses is the one-- in these competitive spaces. No, that was just how fast he finished. The idea is you both make competitive constitution checks and the first to three losses in that competition is the one that either barfs or passes out. Yeah, essentially. At that point, as soon as you guys drop the drinks, "Next round!" Fills up both of them, the crowd starts cheering. Go ahead and roll. He rolled a two plus two, so, four. This time around, you manage to finish a little sooner than him. You put it down; he's like (burp, then chuckling). Roll again. Fills up for the third round. You finish your drink a little bit sooner than him, plop it down. (burping, grunting) From behind him you hear Ol' Blemmy go, "Don't you lose it, boy!" A voice that grates like it's been slammed across a hundred years of seawater. Roll off again. You finish your drink. He takes his next one, pops it down, and you both stare for a moment. (coughing and spitting) Down the front of his shirt, the crowd's goes like, "No!" Tries to scoop it back up, and they're like, "No, and you're out!" Irena kicks him out of the chair, "And he's done! First round goes to The Mighty Nein!" He gets off the ground, dazed. You are fucking drunk, Molly. He topples back to you guys, you see Duncan get pulled back in the crowd, and Ol' Blemmy's like (inaudible muttering) and under his breath, you can hear a string of curse words. "Next up, we have Ruth!" You watch as this rotund, tough-looking, oval of a gnomish woman comes up there, her hair pulled into really tight braids in the side, with bright freckles and this grimace. This woman has seen some shit and lived. She gets up to the side, takes the same tankard, and goes, "I'll show you how it's done, Duncan. Fill it!" Make a persuasion check. With that, the crowd starts picking up on Beau, and the name, "Beau! Beau! Beau!" begins to resonate through the crowd. You lock eyes with this gnomish woman and you can see there should be color, but the irises are gray-- slate gray-- and it puts you off. There's this intensity to her that you're like, "Oh. This is--" Go ahead and roll. No. But people are definitely invested in this victory. Go ahead and make your first roll. You both chug, slam it down at the same exact time. Both hold tight. It was a tie. They fill up the drinks. "And next round, go!" Roll for it. You both (gulping)-- you finish just before, slam the drinks down. (heavy exhaling) That's one victory on your end there. Roll again. This time, she doesn't even break eye contact with you. She tilts to the side (fast gulping), finishes it in seconds and slams it down (heavy slam, belch) and burps in your direction while you're still drinking, and it catches you. That's a loss on your end. Yeah. Next one. Nice rolls! These are not saving throws, right? This is the actual check. Got it. On that, as you both fill this next set of tankards, you drink, and you finish just before she does. Both slam down, and she's starting to have to tough into it. You can see her grinding her fingers into the woodwork. This is a lot of drinking. That's two victories to you, one victory to her. Fill up the next batch, the crowd's still shouting, "Beau! Beau! Beau!" Next roll. This time she toughs it in, she grabs with both hands and chugs it down. The foam catches the corner of her mouth and she finishes it and she wipes it off and sips it off her finger. That's a victory on her end. You guys are both tied, the next roll's going to see who takes it. "Beau! Beau! Beau!" Her left eye's twitching as she's glaring at you. She did. With that, you both chug, maintaining eye contact. You get partway into it, and then (coughing and retching) and you begin backing up into the tankard. You try and pass it off, and then as you drop the tankard to gather yourself, (spitting) it sprays onto the table. "Oh!" The whole crowd worked up for Beau's victory falls into a series of sad awws. Ruth finishes her drink, sets it on the table and (teeth sucking) turns around and goes back. "Next up, we have Valkin!" You see now, this very young-- looks like the runt of his family line of gnomes-- comes forward. Looks very thin, bright-eyed, and very stark contrast to the rest of them, as he gets closer to the table and sits down. "Who's my competitor?" Puts out a hand, "Caleb, it's a pleasure." "Best of luck. May the best gnome win." "Yes." As you guys gather, the crowd begins to pull in a bit. The evening mistress leans down at you and goes, "Don't worry lad. I can see you're nervous, but just let the throat open and take it "in." Leans back, "And first batch, go!" Roll off. Oh shit! Unexpectedly so, little Caleb finds his taste for alcohol in this one, and with but a moment's notice, downs the entirety of his glass, finishing it before Valkin does. Who says, "Oh, "well done. That's impressive." Fills both of them again. Next round, go for it. Your confidence overtakes you as you go into the second round of cups, and you manage to finish, but you have to stop halfway through. You have to actually go (heavy breathing) for the second serving. You take it down and finish it; however, as you pull your glass down, you can see Valkin's there, leaning. "I can tell that. Well done, well done." Their drinks are filled. Go for it. Both of you guys make individual performance checks. He does not seem to be distracted, unfortunately. What did you roll? As you take a moment and (grunting and huffing)-- You manage to finish the last bits of it, and it takes a moment. You can feel all the suds of the mixtures of drinks you've had tonight billowing in your stomach and churning. You hear the (gurgling) in your stomach. You're like, oh that's not good. That's a second loss on your end. They fill it up. Next roll. 14? With this, you see Valkin-- he rolled a nine, plus three, so you win this one. He goes and takes it, finishes it. You both, within a second of each other, finish the drink and, "I got this. "You got this? I got this." "No, don't! Don't touch." "Ah no! Don't do it please!" Fill up the last batch. You guys both, final roll. Natural 13 on his end. With that, he finishes the drink and goes, "Told you! Boo yah!" Gets up from the table, turns around, and (thud) faceplants right in the ground. Crowd goes, "Yeah! "Caleb!" Pick him up. You pull your way away from the table. Success is yours. That's now two victories on your end. One for Ruth there and two final competitors. "Second to last competitor, the powerhouse, The "Walking Brick herself, Tanya!" This dwarven woman, who looks like Rosie the Riveter on steroids, comes around the corner. She has her sleeves rolled up past the deltoids. She has these massive hands with a bit of the dwarven hair gathered on the outside of the forearm. Big, square jaw, missing the two front teeth, and she grins as she sits down. She has most of her hair up and tied into this cloth. She got a bit of the coal smears on her cheeks. "Ah. Evening to you." "Oh, like all the time. You?" "Well, good luck then. I'm happy to see how long you last, big boy. Fill it up!" They fill the drinks. Take your first swig there. You both finish neck and neck, but you still manage to get it down faster. As you both stand there, she looks at you with a nod of being impressed. "Not bad, not bad." "Oh, we've just gotten started." "Fill her up!" Fill the next round. She beats you with a 16. As she goes ahead and finishes off, sets it down and just waits for you to finish, fingers crossed, and goes, "Cute, cute. Not as strong as coming out of the gate. Is "that all you got? You going to lose the wind in your sails there, green boy?" You hear this voice go, "Ah, ey ey! He's mine." They fill up the two drinks. Make a deception check. Eight. You manage to do so. She doesn't seem to be paying attention to you. Caleb, you're getting really nauseous watching Jester do this little dance off to the side. Make your roll. No shit! Okay! That's two victories to you, one victory to her. With that one, you finish it abruptly, slam it down, and you're like oh, you're actually gaining a round. That weird swirling in your stomach has faded and you've come into your own in this game. She's looking-- you see the sweat appearing on her brow. She's like, "That's okay. There's more where that came from! Fill it up! I "got his number, come on!" Make a roll off. What the shit! And with that, Tanya goes down. She gets halfway through the drink before, "No. Sorry," and looks back towards Ol' Blemmy before she leans forward and stumbles out of the chair. One of the other people picks her up and pulls her to the side, and Ol' Blemmy's just sitting there, fuming. She goes, "And with that, it looks like Ol' Blemmy's team has fallen! That's three victories-- " at which, Ol' Blemmy puts up a hand and goes, "Not yet! I haven't competed. One of theirs hasn't "competed. How 'bout we make a deal? Last fight double or nothing." They look at each other going, "I think that's a little rich for our tastes." "Who's going to come after me then?" Okay. "This? This is what you bring before me as an offering?" "I'm going to crush you, little green one." It's great. When he talks, you see the bristles of the beard-- You can see as the evening mistress up at the top goes, "All right! Looks like we're going to get to see Ol' Blemmy strain "through his baleen after all! Get to the sides of the table. Let The Whale take a drink." MARISHA and The dwarf sits down. His mitt completely encompasses the tankard with his giant dwarven hand. "Against Ol' Blemmy we have?" "Otto!" "And drink!" Pours the drinks, make a roll. Are you going to go with it? 17? You both chug down. You manage to finish quickly, slam it down. Oh, this isn't as bad as you thought. You've have much harder liquors than this. The froth is filling at the edges of his mustache and as he pulls it down, there's a coating of foam from the drink resting there. A tongue comes out of nowhere, this Cousin Itt broom-like beard, the tongue takes the suds in. That was a victory on your end. Next batch. Make the roll. 18? That's pretty damn good. Ol' Blemmy finishes his drink. That's two for two victories on your end there. He's not had the best luck rolling these last two rounds. He finishes it down, "You're small, but I can see why they call you the Bottomless Pit." He grabs the barrel from the person and fills his own last tankard, hands it off. "Let's "go." Take the roll. If you really want to, sure. So you're like, "Ah!" catching it underneath. The crowds like, "Yeah!" clamoring. Go ahead and make your roll. As it's coming down, it's splashing on your face a bit. You're trying to catch it all. You manage to catch most of it and you finish it. You realize that the liquors that you've been having are not been mixing well with this particular drink. You're starting to feel-- oof. That's a victory on his end. All you hear is this subtle (chuckling). Roll for the next one. No, but you're blessed. All right, make your roll. He rolled a natural 16 with a plus four modifier, that puts him at 20. (cheering) TRAVIS and As you both finish the drink, everyone is like, "Yeah! Oh--" The whole crowd backs up for a minute. Ol' Blemmy leans forward and goes, "Wait a minute. Are you a fucking green--" and passes out on the table, the saliva pools before him. The crowd goes wild! (cheering) "Oh, it get you free drinks here for the rest of the week. Or until someone takes it from you. "Yeah!" Cheers go up there. Already, there's somebody off in the corner who's whittling a block of wood and carving "The Mighty Nein" into it to put on the wall. The rest of Ol' Blemmy's team begrudgingly come up and drunkenly pass forward their tokens and pass them over to you. You have five drink tokens. Five of you can drink for free at this bar. It was double or nothing, so that's 60 gold. They end up having to pony up the rest of it. There's a 20% cut for the house though, so that's 60 gold, losing 20% of that. That's 48 gold go back to you guys. Okay. Everyone claps you on the back and starts cheering and shaking your hands and stuff. "Oh, that was amazing!" "We will in the morning." "Well, if you're looking for a meal-- " "I have a friend who's an herbalist who has something could help with that." "Oh! It's up, third floor. There's a bit of a water closet. Just aim for the hole, please." You guys are trashed. I'd say you take a hit point. Nott, you are intoxicated. You are fearless. In the midst of everything dying down, people are starting to get pretty sloshed, and the energy level, while still rather rowdy, some folks are starting to tap out for the night. Jester drags Caleb into the center of the tavern floor, takes hands, and Caleb, almost running out on autopilot, who does have some minor experience in the past. Go ahead and make a performance check with disadvantage, Caleb. Disadvantage, because you're drunk. Caleb, a moment passes before Jester begins leading you, but you guys continue, the two of you, to have a very nice little waltz in the middle of the area. Quietly, the music begins to change. What was once the rowdy bar music transitions into an actual waltz piece as the musicians notice this happening. The three fourths begins to pick up. One two three, one two three. As you guys continue to dance, a few other couples begin to get up and start faking it. They don't seem to know, but they're watching, playfully making up their own waltz-type maneuver. An impromptu, half-assed waltz begins to develop here in the center of the tavern. You guys begin to join this as well. Which one of you is leading? Molly's leading. Nott's at his beck and call as you guys begin to dance around in a circle. Beau and Fjord, you're drunkenly staring at this. Oh, that's right. You're still upstairs. Fjord is passed the fuck out upstairs. Jester goes and tucks Caleb into one of the rooms, in bed comfortably. Are you going to amplify it or not? Make a constitution saving throw, Beau. Yes. You manage to sober her up a little bit, but you're still pretty tipsy. From going blackout drunk, you're now heavily buzzed and right at drunk. What's interesting is, as you finish this, out of some of the pores, the actual alcohol is drawn out, hovers in the air for a second before dropping on the ground. Oh, no! No! Not like that! LAURA and Do you leave Fjord in the bathroom? Okay. You guys all make yourselves back to your rooms. As you check inside, Yasha is asleep in a corner, there with her sword at the side, ready. Curled up against her chest is Kiri, also asleep, bundled up, a little bustle of feathers. You guys eventually find yourselves to rest for the night, sleep. Long arduous morning comes to, as the sun comes up through the windows. The sound of distant, wandering roosters crowing at daybreak break you into consciousness. The hangovers are real. Beau's doing okay. There's a little bit of a hangover, but not too bad. Jester's totally sober. Yasha's sober. Jester, as you and Beau start to get ready, you guys start gathering your things. Beau, your coin purse is missing. (gasping) You still have your money on you. Make an investigation check. You spend a few moments looking around, and it's nowhere to be seen in the room. All right, is everybody else waking up? No. Nott, Molly, Fjord, your coin purses are gone, and we're going to take a break! Your books are still with you. Your diamond you keep with your components. That wasn't missing. It was just the coin purse missing. We're taking a break. Hold it! (laughter) And welcome back. Returning to where we were, The Mighty Nein, coming to consciousness, most of them with a roaring hangover, have come to realize that all of their money has been pilfered. Other than Jester and Yasha, everyone else appears to, at some point during the evening, lost their monetary gains. As you guys are finding this out, what do you do? Kiri is with Yasha. (chirping), (like Jester) "Go fuck yourself!" To your memory, they didn't. Shortly after the competition, tucking their tails, they went to find another place to drink and not have to be in the eyes of people that watched them lose. You guys head down to the bottom floor of the tavern, and it is empty. From seeing it so busy the night before, it is just 20-odd empty tables. There is Irena at the bar, who's currently sitting down in the process eating a sandwich, probably looking a little hungover herself. Sitting at a far table, in the middle of cleaning out her fingernails, is Rissa. You walk up. "Good morning. You're all looking appropriately fucked." "What can I get for you?" "Breakfast can be done, let me grab that. Sid! Sid, more breakfast!" "No, why? Did someone take all your money last night?" "If you're not paying attention and you have a lot on you, well, that's your own fault." "I don't know anyone particularly, but it happens sometimes. That's why most folks that go "out only take a few coins with them." "If you're walking around with a bank in your pocket, I mean, you're asking for it." You turn around and the cart is protected. There are crownsguard that patrol the main area. It's not as busy as it was last night, of course. It seems they come out in full force. A lot of them seem to sleep during the day and then come out at night to keep watch, because that's when a lot of things happen, but there are a few. There's one that's posted on the far corner. It looks like nobody's messed with the cart because it is out in the open. Are you referring to-- Okay, so you've exited the tavern. The food is being brought out to you slowly over the next 30 minutes or so. The crownsguard looks to you. He's human, a bushy, not really well-kept blond beard. "Morning." "You all right there, buddy?" "I can see you're newcomers to the town, then." "You don't say." "To conspicuous folks? Maybe. It happens every now and then, we try and keep an eye out "there. As with any place of business, there is always going to be some element of theft. Nothing "we saw out of the ordinary, but we can begin to investigate if you like." "You are, profusely. I can't say there's a specific region. If anything, the workplaces here "are not teeming with that element. The industrious nature of the city keeps itself busy in a very "visible place. Perhaps, somewhat here in the Idleworks Shelf, there's the residential areas of "Silver Falls. Those are probably the more likely areas. I wouldn't look in the lower half. Up here "in this shelf and beyond would probably be the most-- Are you sure? I don't mind, I could "probably keep an eye out. Is there any information you have about these individuals who robbed you may be?" "Yeah, I think you should go do that." "You too." He sits back into his post, looking a bit confused. "I don't know what you're talking about. Which little girl?" "Oh yeah, the beggar. She comes in every now and then. Some folks help her get along." "Not that I've seen. She's like a waif. What're you talking about?" Make an insight check. I mean, as best as you can read she seems to be forthright. As best as you can read. Okay. So what's the saving throw on that? What's the DC? No, she fails. She goes like, "What's going on?" Because if I recall, yeah, she is aware of the spell. She's like, "What sort of trickery are "you doing here? I don't like this. I'll ask you to leave." "There are many shady figures that come through here. It's a town." "There was a lot of people here last night. I know you're asking me-- Look, I'm a "shady-looking character sometimes as well. I can't pick it. There's a lot of hard-working people here." "I did not steal your money!" "No, I don't know who stole your money!" "I don't know. You damn well pissed off Ol' Blemmy. He's a possible one. Otherwise, I don't "know if anyone got too friendly with you last night. I mean you've got to get close to take your money." "I didn't send any people up to your rooms, because you told me not to pay for-- I was holding "your cash, which I've still got by the way. And the offer still stands. But--" "I don't know, probably." Rissa comes up. "I can help you?" "Not personally. I'm sure there are folks out there." She rubs her temples and you can tell she is a little hungover herself, too. She's like, "No..." "I saw them come in at one point, but then leave when they noticed I was still hanging with "you folks, so thank you for that. I appreciate that." If all the rest of you are in the area? If anybody else steps into that zone, you have to make a saving throw. Make a saving throw. Charisma, right? Yeah, you resist it. Rissa goes, "I mean, it's possible, I imagine. People are distracted. They're working "hard. They're having to push out double time in a lot of their work to get things out to the front "lines. It's possible." They are, but they're wooden and a little bit bigger than an actual gold coin. "Yes? What you asking?" "No, it's just me and Syd." At this point Syd brings out the last of the food, the male gnome who you saw when you first entered. He's like, "So, all of your food is ready. Enjoy." "Through a friend of mine." "Why are you asking me all these questions? I didn't send anyone up to your room, "and I'm not going to spill all of my business propositions your direction." "Not really, lass." "No." She nods and takes another sip of her morning coffee, and goes, "Aye, they're about two "blocks down from my father's... shack. A couple of kids that-- although at this hour they're probably "working at the anvil." "I don't know. I haven't hocked stolen goods around here. I'm sorry." To which one? You have both Rissa-- "What, of the band?" "Here! He has a room on the third floor." He was Weimar. She's like, "Oh, all right. Fair warning-- pardon me, rough morning." "So where are you wanting, are you looking for the boys? The Steelbringer's Forge first, or "going to my pop's place?" "Okay, follow me." She gets up and finishes her coffee, sets it back down, and you guys take whatever scraps remain of your breakfast and make your way back out into the street. "Both? I'm a businesswoman, but I've got my needs." Okay, so you cast it. You're in the tavern. You're not getting anything. In the town, getting the cart around can be a bit of a pain. It's comparable, but you also have to deal with a cart. Rissa leads you further through the Shelf. At this point, once again, the town is fairly quiet, and most folks you do see in the street are in the process of carrying supplies. There are a few horse-drawn carts that have stacks of metal ingots that are being taken from above or below, or vice versa. You can see partially made metal plates and curved structures of larger things that are being developed and created separately and then all being brought to a singular location, probably down near the artillery yard. It's a very interesting black and white, day and night separation of how the people live in this city. A short jaunt around, probably the spell does fade before you get there, but you're still not picking up any blip. About a few minutes after the spell fades, you get to the outside of a small shack. It's got metallic siding, there are rivets in it. You see it has a roof that is metal sheets. There is a smokestack on top that's giving out this lazy smoke drip that makes its way into the sky, and a sign out front that says "Tinkertop Inventions." MARISHA and She goes (sighs). Rissa rolls her eyes, and knocks on the metallic door. "Yes? Come in." "Dad, "it's me. I have some friends here, they just want to say hi. They got thieved." "Oh, that's all "right, come on in, certainly!" (sighs) She opens the door, and on the inside, you already hear the whirring of hundreds of tiny clockwork objects. On the inside, you can see, wall to wall, clocks of all sizes. Some broken, springs exposed. Some that are fixed, and clicking away. Some that have small sculptures that move in a circle around a central area. You can see partially made pulleys, small toys that are set up on the corner, some wooden, some metal, and all of them have some sort of built-in clockwork locomotion to them, though they are currently still. There are two sets of lanterns that are hanging in the back, giving the faint light which is, as you enter, giving this dark silhouette to a lot of these objects, but as you walk into the light and look behind you, you can see the detail work in them, and they're very beautiful and very well-made. It's at that point you hear a (crash) "Ah! Ugh!" You glance over and you can see, hopping up and down, running his hand like this, this older gnome character with patches of white-gray hair, this big bush of a white beard. It's well-trimmed up here and then comes to a point at the bottom. Very large spectacles with a number of smaller and even smaller lenses in the front of it. He's currently wearing a leather apron and sleeves that are rolled up, and one of his hands is currently now bleeding on the edge and he's like (distressed noises). "I'm terribly sorry about that! Come forward! She said you're "the friends of my lass there. How are you doing? What's your names?" "Oh, did you, dear? That's so nice! You're making friends." Rissa's like, "Dad, please stop "it. Look, they just wanted to come by, they had some questions, I think. Do what you're going to "do, please, so we get going." The boys, she mentioned earlier, are a few blocks down, or a few buildings down and up from where you are. "Well, at the very least let me introduce myself! I'm Mastermaker Cleff Tinkertop!" "Cleff." "Creator and experimenter of all things metallic and clicking!" "Thank you so much! I appreciate that! So yeah, what can I do for you?" "What's--?" You look over and Yasha's still behind. Kiri (chirping). He's like, "That's a mighty big bird!" She leans forward, looks up to him. (like Cleff) "She's a mighty big bird!" He's like, "That's a nice trick on that one! I like that." "Do you like--" and he pulls this small contraption, it's actually a miniature version of what you saw those large bolt throwers that were constructed out front, where it has this bowed arc and there's a small, blunted stick in it. He goes, "All you do is pull back on this trigger." Ping! It fires off, narrowly missing the side of Beau's head, hits something, and you hear glass shatter in the background and he goes, "Oh, maybe not that one." Puts it back. (cranking) And hands something over to Kiri, who accepts it. There's a moment where things are awkward and there's a tension, and you're about to go-- before it opens up and from the inside you see this tiny metallic bird, its wings flap up and down. A music box begins to play (metallic song) and Kiri, looking at this, begins mimicking exactly the sound of the music box (metallic song). It's almost one beat behind it, until it synchronizes, and she's mimicking at such an incredibly fast pace behind it that they're almost in unison, until eventually it slows down and comes to a stop. Kiri looks back to you (chirping). "Oh, that one, it's a beautiful piece. I'll be happy to let it go for about three gold pieces." There's a whole smattering of cool contraptions, now that you're looking at the back, too. Some that look like they could be armaments, almost. Some that look like they're the insides of larger machine pieces. "Ah, proud of, now? I have one thing I'm working on, if you want to see it." "Okay! I've been hoping they'd pay attention to this. Since the whole war's going on, I think "it'd be quite useful. I've lost some good favor with folks in power, but I hope maybe this will "turn my fortune around." He goes around, off to the shelf, and pulls this down, and a bow of some kind that's affixed to this large device. It looks like a crossbow, but it's got a heavy crank on one side, and it has all these extra grooves put in where it's easy to assemble a bolt in there. The actual shaft of it is made of this polished, treated wood, with metal casing where the grip is. It's like a half-clockwork, gear-based crank hand crossbow. "Well, you lower the bolt into here, and you crank it back real fast," and it's like (squeaking) as he cranks it, "I probably have to oil this. Crank it. Then, you just release!" This one goes, just parting Caleb's hair, into the roof above. "Well, this one, you see, I had a friend of mine go ahead and help prepare it "with some magical enchantment." "I call this one The Tinkertop Boltblaster 1000." "This one runs just over 2000 gold." "Well, it's my prototype, so if I'm going to let it go..." Rissa's like, "Dad, they don't want it, it's fine. No one wants all your bullshit, please." "You wouldn't say that if you'd known what some of his other things have done." He gets quiet for a second and recoils, quietly hurt. He goes, "It comes with the job sometimes. Not everything "works out like you hope." "Uh--" and Rissa's like, "Ah, it's-- you don't have to answer him. We can go find the "boys." "It's all right." Make a persuasion check. 20? You see his trepidation there, and he goes, "You look like you've got an honest face, "so I was working on a job here for the wardens of the Gearhold Prison down below. I was helping them "and came up with, at their request, what would be a clockwork warden. Something that could help keep "watch over some of the more dangerous and difficult inmates of the prison below. And I did "it. I was very proud of it. On its first foray, it had some faults I didn't see coming, and we "couldn't control it. It began to just destroy whatever was in its way." "More or less." "They tell me. They keep it down there still. They've sealed it off and it's been "there for the better part of two years and every now then, they like to remind me. I didn't mean "anything bad by it. I was just doing my job and I thought I was very proud of my work. I didn't see "the problems there. I was just trying to help." "They come by and tell me." "Thankfully, not many. I'm still paying off my fine. They were going to try and destroy the "thing, but unfortunately they've had to allocate their attention to many places, and now with the "war coming, I don't know if they'll ever get to it. But as long as it's down there, it's a black "spot on my name, and her name." Rissa goes, "Dad, just please stop it." "I don't want to send any more people to their death, at the very least." "Good for you." "A learned lesson for the rest of you." "I'm very proud of you. I mean, that sounds very kind of folks that wandered in here naught "but a few moments ago." "Oh, I don't want it back, I just want it gone. I want it destroyed, I want it taken care of "and buried. I don't want to touch it." "You." "I don't think it could be used for anything but just killing what's in front of it right now." "From what I know. You'd have to go ask the Wardenhelm. I don't go down there places. I mean, "I can't expect you to do something like that. It's very sweet of you to offer." "I mean, in a theoretical space, which is where I live most of my days, if you were to put "this blight to rest, I'd be happy to give this to you free of charge and my thanks." "I don't--" "I don't delve in those places. I'm sorry." "I don't know what's going on!" "I deal with more detailed arms. If you're looking for simple, you're probably going to go to "the Steelbringer's Forge." Rissa goes, "That's where the boys will probably be. That's where they work." "Thank you very much." "I'm always looking for fine oils. Clockwork tends to need to be lubricated." "That's all right. Don't worry about it. That's okay. If you come across some oil, I could use it." "Rissa. I like your friends." She's like, "Thank you, Dad." "Have you found work yet?" "No, Dad. I'm working on it." "Right, I'm working for them." "Good, good. Proud of you." "Oh, no. It's still a living. That's more than some folks in the Empire can say." Any good gnome is incorporated. I mean, that's a cultural thing. 13th birthday they get their S Corp set up. It's great. (laughter) "Of course. I expect nothing. I really appreciate you being so kind. Good luck." "Take care of my Rissania." She's like-- You can see her shiver at the door and then just run out. "Goodbye! Take care!" (ping) Something shoots off. "Oh, damn it." As you all leave and exit out, she's out there fuming outside. "He's something. He's certainly something." Okay. You pocketed a bolt. MARISHA, TALIESIN, and "Right. Come on, I'll lead you over to where the boys are. You going to rough them up again?" "Right. Just right around the corner. Come on, I'll show you." "Aye." "I know. He's just... he's difficult at times. It's hard to scrape under a family name "when it's been through the ringer." She gives you a look over. "I agree." You guys are led down past a few buildings and then around the corner, and while most of the heavy metalworks is done down below on the ground floor of the base of the mountain, the more refined metalworks are done up here on the Shelf. As you approach, you can already see the Steelbringer's Forge, which has a number of shields and swords on display, armor bits, and you can see simple tools are crafted here. As you step, already looking into the main chamber door-- which is open, because it's so hot in there, they have to keep a breeze going through-- there are two forges going at any given point in time. There are two anvils set up. You see a few gnomes at work and indeed, both Fitz and Ashton are both working as assistants. They're not actually banging the hammer, but they're both helping move things and quenching into the water and then helping gather materials and holding the metal and rotating it on the anvil as their bosses are hammering down. They don't seem to notice your arrival. (hammering) "Hold back, boys!" There is one male gnome and one female dwarf that are both sitting there, grabbing their nearby warhammers, look around. They look over and see the shadows in the corner. "What beast brings their way into our workplace? Name yourself!" They look at each other. The dwarf female goes (hammering) back to work. You see the two assistants look over and go-- and put their heads down and keep focused on their work. The gnome says, "Just take a break. Hi, can we help you?" "What did you do?" He slaps with a cloth, and the assistant's like, "Ah! I didn't-- gah!" "What did the boys do? What'd they do?" You can see across the way Ashton's like, (gasps) and the dwarf goes, "Well then, best go "talk to them." Gives them a little kick to the side, and they both take their hammers down. They take the metal off and put it back in the forge to heat, and they both rest and cross their arms and watch. The two boys look at each other and sheepishly step forward. "Hi, miss. What can we "do? What are you asking about?" "Yeah, what can we do?" Rissa goes, "I don't know. Kind of like to do it in a place of business, that way we can keep "it above the board, you know?" They both grab nearby stools and sit down. "Deal." "Deal." What's the DC on that? Which one, Ashton or Fitz? Fitz looks at you and goes-- and looks right to Fjord, the spell seemingly taking effect. "Oh, no, you know, I'm just--" His eyes go wide. "No, not at all, no. What? I wouldn't. I earn my money." Ashton looks back. "No, sir, we were just looking-- we were just joshing, we were just "playing with Rissa, that was all!" (whimpering) "I don't know! Maybe, um--" Make an intimidation check. I'll let you both make one, because you're doing it together. They both look at each other and like, (stuttering) "There are probably some people who "could've taken things. I don't know. There are shady folk in there all the time! We don't have "your money! I swear I didn't do anything!" (sobbing) Ashton's like, "Come on! Get it together!" and kicks him and is like, "We're being completely "honest. We saw nothing, we took nothing. We were just getting our rocks off freaking people out, "and then we went back and got some drinks." "Not personally, no. Most of them end up in the Gearhold." (screaming) They both look at each other. "Well, originally, he used to be an ice sailor up north, "by Ice Haven, but he retired ten years ago." "I don't know!" Ice sailor would be a person that forges the frozen depths up north. The people you see on The Deadliest Catch? It's that kind of a job. Sure. "Okay, okay." He looks to Ashton. Ashton's like, "Okay! (stuttering) No, we'll ask around! We'll do-- "that's okay! When the bosses-- " "You can look when you're done with the forge. When the whistles "blow? Have at it." Fitz is like, "I have to work! It's my livelihood!" Their spirits are pretty crushed right now, and they're both like-- They both look at each other. "On a good day? We give them about a gold for a day's work." They nod. The gnome steps forward, takes the coin, if you present it. That's four gold, so that's three of them for the two gold. He goes, "Okay, you boys go get "your work done here and we'll find some replacements, and you hope they aren't better than "you are." The boys are like, "Yes! Yes, sir!" "Yes, sir!" They get up and grab their stuff and then dart out into the street. The two forge workers-- There's a pause, like the two workers at the forge look at each other and look at you guys and go (laughs). "I'm not going to lie, those boys are going to be pissing their pants for a week after "that. That was enjoyable." "I hope so. They need it. They're a couple of pissants. Anyway, we've got to go find some "replacements, but thank you for helping out with the transition, at least." They both look at each other and be like, "Maybe ask down at the Assembly Yard? There's a "bunch of weird folks that wander down there." "Lifelong industrial hammer workers. Not a lot of craft and skill. Mind gets a bit addled." "Of course. Anyway, we've got to go get back to work." You guys wander outside? "Oh, no. We don't specialize in firearms. Those are all regulated by the Empire. Those are "designed down in the Assembly Yard." Or that would be the Iron Lot is where that would be made. No, they seemed pretty standard. I mean, well-made. Looks like a lot of places like this are in the process of developing weaponry, not just for home use, but probably sending it out for the field. She goes, "The Assembly Yard is down in the bottom half of the city, so it's say about an "hour, hour and a half walk?" "Well, that's that way, about 25 minutes to get to the actual Falls themselves, and you see "all the little towers over there, those are where all the homes are assembled in that place." With Rissa guiding you guys back, you manage to make your way outside of the main Idle Shelf area and in towards the cluster of the Silver Falls. As you approach, you can see the beautiful, very wide waterfall that cascades down about a thousand feet, across the mountainside, until eventually it falls into this large lake, where you can see columns of steam are rising up. The closer you get, you begin to realize that there is an element of this lake, this waterfall, and some sort of a steam engine-type mechanism built into the surrounding rock that they use to fuel probably the furnaces and elements of the technology within this city. As you begin to hit the residential area, you can see these large, somewhat crooked-looking towers that themselves are maybe what would be the equivalent of 1500- to 1000-square-foot apartments, but stacked four or five on top of each other, with spiraling stairs on the outside to go to each level. There aren't a lot of folks currently at home, other than stay-at-home dads or moms that are watching children, some folks that are putting out laundry on lines that are connecting between multiple towers and are dangling up two or three stories above the street. But they're all made of dark irons and blacker metals, so it gives the district this very weirdly-- what's the word I'm looking for? A whimsical Industrial Revolution feel. It's a unique mixture. Kind of. Or a hint of Howl's Moving Castle in places. There's also that spray of the waterfall hitting the lake behind, which gives occasionally this light misting of water through the air. You can see faint bits of rainbow that come through where the mist hits the sunlight as it makes its way across the waterfall spray. Mm-hmm. No, not at all. Oh yeah, very much so. Okay. As you make your way through, you're not entirely sure where Ol' Blemmy is, but you make your way towards where the middle, Rissa says, of the district is-- Sure. Make a perception check. It's a 2nd-level spell. Do you want to cast it again or not? The tokens? Okay, you cast Locate Object. You concentrate and focus, extending your consciousness, focusing on one of these wooden tokens, the one that was won by one of the members of your party. (pop) You get a blip behind you. Not quite in the district, but right where the Idleworks Shelf transitions into the residential area on the Idleworks Shelf. You get (boop). You guys dart after Jester, making your way down the road, running, (panting). You're closing the distance. You weave through a couple buildings. You're out of the residential part of the district again and you're back into the Idle Shelf, but on the very back end of it. There's warehouses and there's small buildings, and eventually, you come to the destination and it looks like it's a small building. There's a sign out front that just says, "Butcher." And it's boarded up. You see Kiri pulls out her knife and goes, (like Jester) "I can send a message." (like Fjord) "Shh. Nice" There is a roof, yeah. It's one story. It's not a huge building. It's maybe three rooms? Make an acrobatics check. She's already up. Okay. All right. You guys surround it. (landing footfalls) There isn't a skylight, per se, but you do see there is a little smokestack that's about three feet wide or so. Two and a half feet wide. Make a perception check. 14. Glancing inside, it's dark, except for you can see the little beams of sunlight that are coming through the slats of wood on the roof. Glancing inside, looking through, you can see four figures in there that are currently not moving and they're all clustered together in the far corner. They look gnome in size. They're huddled together, and they're not moving. You look and they're starting to look around, like they might have heard a noise. No, there's a door in the front, and a door at the back. The door in the front is like a sectional door, a top and a bottom, looks like it can be opened separately to sell out or wants to bring and sell meat over that side. The back is just a general door; it looks almost like a storage space or a back entry to it. There are windows, but they're boarded over. You can try, yeah. You can certainly try. (loud popping) It goes off. On the inside is a flash of light. You hear screams. You guys all burst inside. As you break through the doors, wood splinters on the inside, light breaks in, and in the corner you can see what looks to be four gnomish children. Two of them teenage, two of them younger, all scared out of their minds. The teenagers are trying to protect the two younger ones. You can see a pile of gold around them on the ground. They're just like (panting). There is a gnome girl, the equivalent of like 17 or so with very brown, curled hair, it's this uncontrolled mass, dirty on the cheek. A younger boy with short red hair is the other protector of the two. Their clothes are pretty dirty. Then there's the younger girl that you saw wandering through the tavern, who's on the ground clutching a stuffed bear. You see a boy that's a little older than her, about nine you would say, equivalent, with very long, brown hair that's around the shoulders, and they all just look scared. She's not talking. You look up as she comes out the bottom in a big old plume of soot. Just covered. The older girl, "Look, we don't mean nothing, we're just trying to get by, okay? We "didn't realize how much you had on you, and to be honest, it was both exciting and scary. Just don't "hurt anyone, please." "Take it." The girl looks sad for a moment, saying, "Not for a little while." "We've scrambled coins here and there over time, keep on by. Most everyone here only keeps a "few coins in their pockets. Hence our surprise when this came about." The younger boy goes like, "Yeah, we don't expect this kind of a payload." The older girl goes, "I'm Gail. I'm 17." The older boy goes, "I'm Austin." The little boy with longer curly hair goes, "I'm Jude." The older girl points to the little girl and goes, "That's Layla." They all look at each other, and the older boy sits forward and goes, "Well, they got "arrested." "Got arrested for idol worship. False worship." "No. Changebringer." "Avandra. It's been in the family for a long time. Every six months, the tithe collectors come "through, and they noticed they'd forgotten to put away their idol worship. They locked them up. "They've been in the Gearhold ever since." You know about those. Those of you who've been in the Empire, part of living in the Empire is about every six months or so, there's a tax man, a tithe collector that goes through, usually with a couple crownsguard. You recognize them by black cloak with gold trim, usually dark clothing. They go building to building, business to business, inspect ledgers, ask about their business, look at the means in which they're living, and then make an estimation of what they owe. They then collect the money and move on their way. But you know this from your studies, this is also used as a means of inspecting for any illegal activity and anything that goes against the Crown. Often a lot of people get arrested for that. "We are." "Gilda and Wallace Schuster. We're Schusters." "Only about three months." "So far, so good. Most people don't seem to pay much attention to the younger kids." "We just grab it and run, we didn't know how much was here until we got back." "Right, no, I understand." Gail says, "We understand, sir! We've learned our lesson!" "Thank you." "I've been trying, best we can. Our parents worked as butchers, so we had some food to keep us "going for a while, but when stuff got thin and begging wasn't working out, we, you know, did what "was necessary. And I'll do what it takes to make sure my siblings stay healthy." "We've held up here. This is where we grew up." "Anytime now, really. It's been six months. But we ain't much of a business at this time." "I hear stories, they round them up and throw them to Rexxentrum in orphanages, and we "don't want to go there." (nervous chuckle) "How would you intend on getting my parents out of the prison?" "I mean, legally? We'd probably stay here and reopen the shop." "If it were by means where people would come looking for us, we would definitely be heading "somewhere other than here." "All right." Hey man, attach them all by chains to your armor, and you guys are the new Dread Emperor! Insight check? Yes. Do I believe him? Frustratingly so, yes! TRAVIS and I find it amusing. Let's see, we had about three days traveling there. Since you left, you have about two and a half weeks, I'll say, estimated at the moment. I would say, off the top of my head, a little under a week. At this point, it's probably pushing one or two in the afternoon. You did, yeah. Do you give that to them? The kids hungrily accept, and devour, evenly dividing amongst them. They feed the younger kids first and then whatever is left over, the older ones take. They say, "Thank you, I really "appreciate that." "All right." "We'll keep that in mind, thank you. Thank you kindly." Is it a ring finger, a finger ring? He puts it over his thumb. For his body and size, it goes over his thumb. It's still a little loose, but it'll stay. "Thank you. I don't know how we'll repay you, but--" Yeah, Yasha's like, "No, if we're going into a prison to kill something, I want to be there." Kiri goes, (like Nott) "That sounds adorable!" (like Jester) "Okay!" (chirping) The little girl walks up and touches the feathers, and you see the feathers of Kiri's head (rustling) and her eyes close for a second as she's scratching the side of her head. (cranking) (music box chiming) It starts playing, and the little girl leans in and they all close in quickly. For a moment, you can see this little unit of kids meeting a new friend, and a friend meeting new kids. You're like, okay, they might be okay for a little bit. They all nod to you. Kiri looks to Fjord and (dagger unsheathing). (whispers) (like Jester) "Okay." (like Fjord) "Stay quiet." Leaving the kids there, you all quietly exit the building, reaffirming the doors you had kicked in. There you go! You manage to get the doors back into a sizeable place and begin to discuss how you're going to tackle this next endeavor. And that's where we'll finish this week's episode. We'll pick up next week. Well done, guys! We'll see if-- See if you can earn your Tinkertop Boltblaster 1000. Hey man! Good game, guys! Awesome! Oh my goodness.