Hello, and welcome, everybody, to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and shout dirty things at me and play Dungeons and Dragons. Way too late on that draw. But yes, welcome! First and foremost, before we jump into tonight's game, we have some announcements to get through. Before we get into the formal announcements, first off, those of us who were at the Stream of Many Eyes this past weekend had a great time. Hope you guys who tuned in to check out any of it have looked on YouTube to see the videos. We had some fun games with some great DMs-- I had the opportunity with the Force Grey game-- and we all got to play with a bunch of other great people in the community. And Deborah Ann Woll is an amazing DM. She's pretty badass. But yeah, anyway, hope you guys enjoyed it. But, bringing us into our first announcements tonight, we have our fantastic returning partner-in-crime for this campaign thus far our sponsor, D&D Beyond. Sam. Fun note to that, actually, too the Dragon Heist adventure, I was one of the story and creative consultants on for that book. A little bit, every now and then. But I got to put a little bit of my flavor on there. So many great people put it together; I was just happy to be even a part of that. Great friends, guys. It's really-- just exemplifies the relationship. They don't actually go invisible, but continue. Fanta-core, I'm down with. Dangerous and well-branded. Save those for the next Sam Riegel bundle you can buy on D&D Beyond six months from now. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, D&D Beyond. To that note too, as well, I released a couple small updates to the Blood Hunter that went up on D&D Beyond as well, as well as on the DMs Guild. So for those who are playing, check and see if there's anything that affects your class. It might be the case. Minor tweaks, but things that I think will help improve gameplay and more fun, so. All right. The standard edition of Vox Machina Origins are still for sale, apparently. We're sold out of the special editions. Seems to be the case. But the standard editions are still available. You can go to critrole.com for information and detail on that. Or the Geek & Sundry and Alpha online shops, as where you'll find it for purchase. Let's see. Talks Machina, of course, will be happening about this episode, tonight, next Tuesday at 7 PM Pacific Time, with our wonderful host, Brian W. Foster, and a number of our cast members will be attending to discuss the insanity that is imminent to occur this evening. So check that out. Don't forget to submit your fanart or gif of the week to submit@talksmachina.com. And a reminder, through Twitch Prime, if you have your Amazon Prime account, you can connect it with your Twitch account, and once a month you get a free subscription to a Twitch channel of your choice. It's free, and you get to support some of your favorite creators out there, so go check it out if you haven't. (Kermit voice) Oh, I'm just trying to make sure that you get your proper announcements there for your game. Okay. Let's play some D&D. (laughter) Hello, and welcome back. (laughter) Welcome back, everybody. (laughter) Banyan. It's a bangin' tree. Just want you to know, of all the trees I've seen, it's pretty bangin'. After investigating the scene and trying to pick up details about what had transpired, you found a number of bodies that had been put up, left to bloat, and die as a warning for those who had made their way in. On the inside, it looks like the interior of the safe house had been cleaned out and summarily dragged through a subterranean tunnel. Following this tunnel down below, you found strange, twisted-looking merfolk called merrow that seemed to have been living in these partially submerged tunnels, this system beneath the swamp. You engaged in battle, killed a number of them, and upon sifting through some of the remnants of what was dragged out of the safe house, you discovered Cali's quarry, which was a bowl that could speak to the Scaled Tyrant, Tiamat. You decided what to do, and after a brief confrontation, the bowl was handed over to Yasha, who attempted to sunder it using her Magician’s Judge, which succeeded the item was left shattered into pieces. Cali, with her quest complete and not wishing to put herself into any further danger, decided to leave, bidding you all adieu, and clambered back up through the strange, dug tunnel that leads to the surface. You guys were left to think about what the next course of action was before Fjord made a brief swimming excursion into one of the far-off tunnels that led to a larger chamber and a base of operations where more of these merrow live. From the outskirts of what you could see, more remnants of what was taken from the safe house existed further in. Mighty Nein, you've seen Cali clamber off. You guys have taken down from the heat of the moment. What do you wish to do? Kiri pipes up. (like Jester) "Bird-Eye Fjord." (like Jester) "Bird-Eye Fjord." (like Fjord) "Sticking." Okay. As you guys are making your way up and climbing using the roots and the rope and the interior, you begin to, now that you're not focused on what’s below, notice that a lot of the earth in this particular tunnel-- that isn't too wide necessarily, it's about three feet wide in most places-- You can see the claw marks where it's been dug out. The softer portion of the ground where you landed upon emerging from making your way down, you can see a lot of the earth and chunks of root that have been carved out. It wasn't a natural tunnel or something they discovered; they dug up into the safe house to retrieve whatever was inside. Nevertheless, you all make your way up into the hollow base of the safe house tree. You guys can set up camp if you'd like to. (like Jester) "Mimicking things." (like Jester) "Long time." (like Jester) "I am Kiri." (like Jester) "Yes, I'm very sweet." (like Jester) "Go fuck yourself." (like Jester) "Go fuck yourself." (air horn blaring) At this point, it's probably just past dusk. There's a little bit of blue cresting into night time. Light's coming through the trees, but it looks like you're about half an hour out from a pitch black sky. Okay. Make an arcana check. Okay. Assessing its design, paying attention to its construct and the handles, and the edging of where the different facets of it are affixed to this cage-like exterior to it, you really have no idea what material it's made from. The faint magical essence that comes off of it, and with the training you have had across the various schools of magic, this seems hard to pin down. You're not sure the source of its magic, but it does seem very old. It seems like it's been shaped or it's been polished from whatever its raw form was at one point in time. Okay. Yeah, using it as a pillow. All right, the rest of you find yourselves to sleep, or is there anything else you wish to do before the night’s done? Any order of taking watch, or are you all just resting under the protection of Caleb's silver thread? Okay. We'll say that was for your first watch. While you guys are having that conversation, one of you roll with advantage on your perception check, or you can both roll separately, your call. Oh, leave him hanging. That's true. Good in-character moment there. As you guys are finishing your conversation, your watch comes to an end without incident. You rest so easily with the blood leaking out. You finish your watch, you wake up Nott and Jester, and you guys take on your second watch. Do you want to both make a roll for perception or-- Okay! Worked out great last time. Okay. While you guys are taking some time, concentrating on listening out for anything and feeling pretty solid in your ability to maintain vigil across this dark, eerie night in the center of this hollow tree, you don't hear or see a goddamned thing. But a little twinkle hits your ears, Caleb. As suddenly something down below, by the pool on the opposite end of that kidney-shaped interior cavern, seems to go off. Yes, you come to consciousness. They are awake. She's all curled up in the corner, like (trilling) with her feathers all poofed up. Okay, roll a stealth check for Frumpkin. Cats can do some pretty crazy shit. Okay. Frumpkin drops down onto the soft and makes it around. Focusing on it, you can see that another merrow has emerged into that chamber and-- nope. Goes around and sees the bodies there lying in the middle of the space. He (growls). He goes and drags him back a little bit, begins rifling through whatever it might have had, and looks over right at Frumpkin. Grabs the trident spear and throws it. You weren't close enough to do that, I don't think. 100 feet to snap him back, or is it shorter than that? Double-check on that real fast. "As an action, you can temporarily dismiss your familiar." It doesn't say range. "You can "cause it to reappear within 30 feet of you." That's what I forgot. So you can do that. The last thing you see, briefly, before Frumpkin vanishes, is this three-pronged trident rocking through the darkness, with what faint little bit of visibility that Frumpkin has, not even being able to see much down there in the darkness before disappearing. (chirping) (like Jester) "Go fuck yourself." Holding your action, if it comes back around, the spell is either fizzled or released. So you can wait for something and then cast the spell as an action. If you ended up holding it for a few minutes, yes, because the idea is that you're casting the spell and then holding onto that last piece of the incantation. No, you pulled the rope up. You guys take a moment in silence. Two minutes pass. Three minutes pass. Then you hear this ever-so-faint grinding of root on scale. This merrow sentinel slides, slithering like a snake out of the curtain of roots that currently cover that one portion of the wall that leads further beneath the safe house. All of you guys take a surprise round. As soon as it emerges to go ahead and inspect, it's like, "Huh?" Yeah. It emerged and jack-in-the-boxed out towards you. That is a four, nope! Ten radiant damage. Good to know. Oh, buddy. (whoosh) Nothing. For the purpose of it all happening at once, just one attack. Two strikes. It's whatever your attack action is. Misses. Both miss. Unfortunately, because you guys don't have any light in here, when it emerges, you're all swinging in the darkness hoping to hit it in the direction of where it is. You would be, yes. Is this Magic Missile? That misses. All right. Both hit. Roll damage. All righty. On your first attack? They are considered monstrosities, so consider that for any damage you deal to them with your sword. You're not raging, so you don't have the plus two. Nor do you have your-- Correct, because you're not raging. That's enough. Even with all of your misses, you watch as it emerges, and then (multiple impacts) and slumps. Yeah, as you grab it, it starts sliding back into the tunnel. You grab and lift him-- he's heavy as shit-- and you all together manage to slip it into and onto the floor. Fair enough. What little bit of light you have in the chamber right now is a little faint, radiant glow from the sword that Molly currently has that is like candlelight, if anything. Frumpkin emerges, you send Frumpkin back down. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin. The loudest cat you've ever heard. Frumpkin is the neighborhood cat in heat at this point. He makes his way down through the tunnel. Make a perception check with disadvantage for Frumpkin because he’s now coming around the edge. Would it cancel out? I would ask you to keep the stats of your cat on you for future reference. They have advantage on wisdom perception checks that rely on smell. I'd say sure. Yeah, it'll cancel out, so a straight roll. Okay. Frumpkin heads on down, keeps an eye out on that space, does a little pass. No sign of any other emerging or present merrow. Slowly lowering the rope back down the tunnel, which one of you is taking point on climbing down? You make your way down, the rope aiding you in the process. You get to the bottom, you as well. I'd like you both to roll stealth checks, please, as you emerge in the lower cavern. You two gingerly step your way around the edge, back to the site you can see of the three corpses of the merrow there in the center of the opposite side of the cavern. As you make your way around to the other pool, you can see the water, disturbed relatively recently, isn't perfectly still, but it's nearing there. It's coming to rest. No sign of anything down there. Five minutes go by. Yasha, you begin to drag the bodies back into the central pool. They sink. All right. You complete the latter half of it. Okay. You finish the spell, you sense the arcane, unseen net of the alarm click in, and it's prepared and set to keep watch. You guys make your way back, climb back up the rope, and make your way into the interior of the tree, seemingly without incident. Yasha takes final watch. Go ahead and roll a perception check for me. Both of you guys make perception checks for me, please. As you guys complete the third watch for the evening, you sense the morning come as the temperature, which previously had gotten quite chilled, is beginning to rise a bit, though now you can still see your breath in the air. A faint bit of bluish light begins to appear at the outer edges of the driftwood piece that is wedged in the doorway to make it look flush with the rest of the exterior bark. You all complete a long rest. You have your abilities back, your hit points full, and you are ready to continue. Sure. Okay. In the early dawn hours of the new day, as the blue begins to slowly become brighter in the distance-- I would like you to roll a dexterity check, please. Take advantage because he's not moving. Maybe it's the tensile strength of her arm muscles, but such a large instrument seems unexpectedly delicate across the features of your face. It's not a complete shave, there are areas that get missed because it's not a very fine implement, but for the most part, the stubble gets closer to your face. There are a few sections that are unevenly smooth, but it's an improvement from where it was before. It's as good a shave you can get with a greatsword. Manages to avoid nicking any major arteries, and as you complete your work, you're proud of it, the sweat on your brow-- Caleb has no idea of how it looks other than you reaching up and touching your chin as it finishes. The rest of you come to consciousness. (chirping) Pulls the knife out. (like Fjord) "It's an amphibious assault." (like Jester) "Yes, I'm very sweet." All right, so Pass Without a Trace. It's true. Pass Without a Trace. What's the range on that? So you may want to go next. You may want to go next then if you want that to affect other people. Okay. You, for the moment, wade into it and (burbling). You guys watch as Fjord, once again, disappears beneath the surface of the water. Now with the confidence of knowing that there is a breaking point and air ahead, that fear doesn't creep up into your brain and you rush for it. Making your way through, make an athletics check. 12, okay. You manage to find it through, and then come up quietly, just-- Yeah, Apocalypse Now and/or The Descent. You slowly emerge from the water. Yeah! Glancing up, your range of darkvision is 30 feet or 60 feet? 60 feet, okay. Racial features, it should say. 60 feet, great. That gives you enough perspective for now as you come up and look. You can see this chamber, and you got a brief glance at it before. Most of it is natural rock, but there are elements of it that look like it was once an old bit of mason architecture. You can see edges where there are actual stones stacked and placed. Walls that have seemingly been partially reclaimed through the ages. You can see two large central pillars where stalagmite and stalactite met eventually and created a structure in the center. A large portion of the floor is submerged in water, and you see different paths and avenues of it that curve off and vanish. Probably openings to other tunnels beneath. The pool you're in right there, looking up you can see there's that weird set of natural stairs that step up in front. You can see four of these merrow creatures, two of which are in a conversation off to the left, two that are currently rummaging through what looks to be piles of things that have been pulled up and placed toward the top of the stair. You can hear the clinking of metal and things falling and tumbling down the stairs. You see a fifth figure that's at the outskirts of your visual range that's currently faced away and looking at whatever's on the other side of that upward pillar. But nobody else seems to have noticed you emerging at this point. You haven't made any shifting or movement. It's possible if they were looking carefully for you. You don't know how far their darkvision extends. Looking around you can see there are small mounds of various minerals that have long dripped from the ceiling from condensation and various water flows that have come through this interior cavern and built this hard, rocky platform that's emerging just outside of where the pool ends. So you can bring the rope around and affix it to that. Make a stealth check as you do so, please. He is, yes. That's a natural one. You lucky son of a bitch! Through whatever grace your patron has granted upon you-- The merrow are too distracted with whatever they are in the process of doing to notice you slip and hit an elbow, send a pebble falling. You get low and finish tying it off. They don't notice. No. It seems pretty solid. Easy enough. So after a few moments, Fjord emerges back where you guys are waiting. Your swim speed is half your movement. 15 feet. Oh right, with that it is, yes. From where you are to the-- make a survival check. 13. Best you could estimate, it's close to 40 or so feet. He's back. Coming back on the rope, it's a lot easier. Your first dive down took a while to feel your way through. (chirping) Kiri leans into you. "This means we are friends." She woke up early. Okay, all right. You're casting Pass Without a Trace first? All right. You finish casting the spell. The shadows, already super dark in here with almost no light source beyond what Caleb's providing, they coalesce around you and the rest of the members of the team as you all dive into the pool of water. It's black. To Caleb? Okay. Blessing of the Trickster on you, that's advantage on your stealth checks. I need everybody, including Fjord, to roll a stealth check, please. Plus ten to your stealth score. They rolled really high. That's some Vax numbers right there! You guys all quickly emerge from the water below, your eyes focusing. There is no light source in this chamber. So for those of you-- you have your darkvision on. You guys all have darkvision, I am pretty sure, except for you, Caleb. So you're relying on the rest of them to give any sort of presence-- Yeah, so. I would need you guys to place yourselves amongst this pool. Kiri and Nott exist on the outskirts. As you guys glance up, the first thing you see is there is one merrow right there who's currently talking and discussing with one right here. Place yourselves where you want to be. There's one at the base of this, right there. Up at the top, facing away, is the one that you had seen at the top of the stairs, Fjord. As you guys all emerge headfirst from the water, everybody gets a surprise round except for Yasha and Molly, unfortunately. You two did not roll high enough to beat the stealth. They rolled pretty high. Everyone roll initiative, but you guys will be out of this round. 25 to 20? I know. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? Ten to five? Okay, hold on. Nott, you're not engaging? Just for the sake of it. Wow, guys. That's still better than Fjord. You all emerge from it. Yasha, you would be first, but your stealth, you did not surprise the individuals from this round point. He doesn't notice you guys, that's a seven. Beau, you're up first. Now that you're getting a better view of this, you can see a low mist is pouring down the stairs and is filling the space around them. All of this is water, yeah. (counting) Easy enough. You get right to him. You'll splash in the water. You won't make it all the way to the opposite side, or you may, but he'll get an attack of opportunity on you as you dart out of his melee range. Actually, if you wanted to jump across, I will say because he’s surprised, and he isn't aware that you're there quite yet, if you want to leap across, make an acrobatics check, if you still wanted to try and do so. You will land in the water. You'll be about waist-high in the water, if not more. Correct. 20 hits. First one hits. Nope. 24 hits. Roll damage for that fourth attack. Natural 17. It resists the stun, I'm sorry. But it's doing damage to it. As you slam into it again, turns around. It looks like it's surprised and reeling from the impact of it. Gills flaring angrily towards your face. Some spittle flies out of its growling mouth. That finishes your turn, Beau? Jester, you're up. Right here, or this side? Floating in the air. Oh snap, all right. Go make your attack roll. Nope, swings wide. However, it has apparated and is useful in future rounds. That is a natural three. Seven points of necrotic damage to him, got it. Not too bad. That finish your turn, Jester? You're going to stay where you are? That finishes your go. Caleb, you're up. How big is the cube? Wait, you mean from you? Possibly. You would. For you, Molly. That's to signify your Haste. Keep that in mind. You're still in the water, thrashing, trying to make your way to the edge. Molly, you're up, but you lose this round, because you were not part of the surprise. You were lagging a little behind, as Yasha-- best way I can do this quickly, because they're losing their turn as well. That brings us to-- Nott isn't even paying attention. Fjord. On the edge there? No, you can go into the water if you want to go further. You want to get up to him? You can get melee range. You're in the water, and you're swimming in the water, but because of your armor, it doesn't reduce your attacks, so you're not taking disadvantage on your attack rolls. Fjord, take your one attack. 14 hits. It is. 18 points of damage on that guy. If he moves at all, on his next turn, he takes an additional 2d8. Good to know. This guy there? He's been Hexed. Does that finish your turn? As you pull back, the energy sparks around, and there's this weird movement in the water like it's thrashing, the booming energy keeping that one merrow locked in place, as the other one, the Hex coalesces around its chest and holds it. Wisdom checks, got it. That ends top of the round. Now Yasha, you can take your turn. The ambush round is over. 18 hits. Nice. You rush up next to Beau, cleave down with the blade. It carves through part of its torso and it retracts and tries to pull itself lower in the water to make itself harder to hit. What are you going to do? You have a second attack, right? Go for it. Eight misses, unfortunately. Next one swings, and a miss. Now the merrow all go together, because you guys left a big old gap of initiative there. Correct. First part, I'm going to say-- Let's make it fun. This guy here is going to take his trident and chuck it right towards Beau. They have the cords still attached. That's a 17 to hit. There you go. With that to there, first off, Beau. As it strikes you in the chest, you take ten points of piercing damage, and I need you to make a strength check for me, please. A strength check. It was a 14. You get pulled through right next to it there, in the middle of the water. As you fall to the ground, it's going to attempt to bite at you. Since you're in the water, outside of your terrain, I will give it advantage on the strike, because you're now thrashing water and swimming, and it's in its own terrain. That'll be 18 to hit. With the bite on you there, you take an additional eight points of piercing damage. At that moment, this one here is going to turn around onto Fjord, and is going to shift this way and unleash both bite and claw attack against you, Fjord. 17 to hit? For that claw attack, it's going to be 2d4. Seven points of piercing damage against you, Fjord. It's going to pull back after it finishes clawing into you. It's going to try and bite down with its jaws. That's a 19 to hit. You take another seven points of piercing damage. The one behind there, who sees its friend digging into Fjord's torso and body, watches as it finishes its round of strikes and then under-handed throws its harpoon towards him. That's another 18 to hit. With that, you take ten points of piercing damage. I need you to make a strength check. As it pierces, you grab it, and it manages to careen into the side of your hip, and it hits bone. You feel it grind against the inside with the pain. You beat it. Rolled a 15. So you do not get pulled. It does not give him his follow-up attack. However, he's going to move forward to get his follow-up attack anyway with the rest of his movement, and is going to attempt to bite you, and is going to miss. That's a nine. He goes to bite and as you pull the harpoon out, and turn back your shield you bash the side of its face and it manages to pull back. It scrapes across its fish-like face, but no impact or damage. All right, that's going to finish his go. The one that is right next to you, Yasha, is going to shift around, not leaving combat with you, but going behind the pillar to give itself some cover from anybody who's out in the vicinity. It's going to attempt to make two strikes against you. Yes, you do. Three. Yep. Roll higher than a ten. Constitution saving throw. 15 works. All righty, that's good on your end. For you, Yasha, you didn't use Reckless last turn, right? That's a natural 20 on that first strike with the claws at you. That is going to be 14 points of piercing damage, reduced to half so you only take seven because you're raging. And the bite attack against you is a natural two plus six. No, that misses you with an eight. However, that finishes their round and this guy up here who now spins around and sees the rest of you come inside begins shouting out in a language you don't understand (snarling). As it's holding up this staff that has this almost crystal spike of natural crystal at the end of it, it begins to chant something under its breath. And as it spins its hand in the air, you watch as the ceiling above you in this chamber begins to grow into this low cloud that spirals out, encompassing the entirety of the interior of the chamber. You see little sparks of lightning arcing through the cloud as it spools above. Beau, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, since you're the one closest to it. Correct. You suffer 16 points of lightning damage as you get struck by lightning in the water. Which you watch as technically now, yeah, if any of you are in the water when the lightning hits you, you have disadvantage on your saving throw because you are in the water. Didn't matter this time because you failed anyway, but you watch as the bolt strikes Beau and she starts thrashing in the water as the muscles tense. There's a giant burn mark on the side of your head. Looking pretty rough on that one. And it's going to go ahead and spin itself over to the edge this way, using the one below. Getting itself between the rest of its merrow compatriots and you guys. That finishes their turn; Beau, you're up. Go for it. If you want to move around to get onto land, otherwise you're going to be having a hard time in the water here attacking them because you're constantly swimming. You still have movement, yeah. So you can move five, ten, 15, 20, 25 there. So you manage to whip around, get out, up onto land and not end up with a disadvantage on your attacks. 15 does hit, yes. 12 does not hit, unfortunately. But the first strike, as you pull up, cracks it right in the jaw. The next one, it manages to bash your arm out of the way and it deflects off the side-- no impact. All righty, the first strike. Okay, so as you get up on land, you focus and looking around side-to-side, make sure that you're aware of everything around you and get ready to defend and deflect. Okay, that finishes Beau's turn. Jester, you're up. Go ahead and roll the attack for that guy. Okay, all right, what was the number? 15 is its armor class, so yeah, that's fine. Well, 13 actually, so that definitely hits. Seven points plus your wisdom modifier. There you go. 11 points of damage to him. All right, how do you want to do this? (cheering) Yasha, as you're engaged with it, both growling at each other, you watch as suddenly its body crumples into the stonework. It slips into the water and vanishes beneath the waves. So that's your bonus action. You still have your movement and action. Right there? All righty. Cure Wounds is touch, so you have to be right next to him. Okay, what's the range on that? Caleb, you're up next so be ready. Right now? None, there is no light. 60 feet? All right, yeah, so you can do it from there if you want. Natural 20. TRAVIS and No, that's disadvantage on wisdom checks, not wisdom saving throws. Hex doesn't affect saving throws. Yeah, but, for instance, if you had said strength checks, then every time it tries to pull somebody, it would have disadvantage on that. But now you know, going forward with Hex. Going to stay where you are? All right, that finishes Jester's turn. Caleb, you're up. The one that's attacking Beau, or the one at the very top? All right, go for it. Disadvantage on all the attacks. 15 just barely hits. 14 misses. So, one of them hits. The two other ones careen off and you watch as they streak out into the darkness past this merrow, what looks to be a priest-like entity up there that's commanding the storm. Exploding on the rocks behind it, one hitting this piece of long-lingering temple-like interior. And one finally strikes it in the chest. Go ahead and roll damage on that one. It does make a concentration check. Natural 17 plus two. It does succeed in maintaining concentration. That's your turn. Caleb's done. Molly, you're up. The other one? Or do you still have the one activated from before? Which one? Here? Okay, that will put you right there. So you rush up to the edge there. You used your bonus action, you have your two attacks and your hasted attack. So two attacks. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Eight points of damage, nice. All righty. You're using the d6's for your-- Cool, so as you rush up, you swing the scimitars in this blast of speed. Two of them manage to strike true to its body, cutting out a piece of it. It's looking pretty hurt now, starting to bleed out where the wounds are hit. But it's growling in your face as it spins around. Its fins curl up from the side and you can smell this awful, swampy, almost sulfurous smell from its breath in your face. Is that your turn? All right, that brings us to Nott, who is waiting patiently with Kiri. Is that your turn? That brings us to Fjord. Okay! And Blink is not concentration, correct? Yes, all right. So with that, Fjord vanishes from the battlefield. We'll use this as a spatial positioning device of where you were before. That ends Fjord's turn. That brings it to the top of the round. Yasha, you're up. Fjord vanished. You see two now turning their eyes towards Mollymauk who's right there. There's one across the way that's currently barrelling on Beau and there's the one at the top of the stairs right now that looks like it's commanding a giant storm. Over here? So that's five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 35. You're in the water swimming, so your attacks are at disadvantage right now. If you wanted to do Reckless, you could counteract that, but you'll be taking-- Wait, so that was disadvantage? Got you, so the first attack was what? That hits. So your first attack hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. 19 points of damage, nice! All right, and you have your second attack, with disadvantage. 15 hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. This is-- you only do five additional damage on this one. Right? So 15? Damn, nice roll! As you, in the water, cleave out once with the blade in this giant splash arc of water from the middle of the pool in the center, it carves across the side of its back. (snarling) It turns around towards you right as you bring the second strike up into its abdomen. It pushes off the blade and it looks pretty hurt. It's bleeding out of its wounds in the middle of its stomach and its back. That finishes your turn? That ends your turn. It's their turn. So, I will need you, first off, to make a dexterity saving throw. As you come up and carve into the back of it, the one on top hisses and directs its finger down towards you as a bolt of lightning arcs out of the-- Yeah, saving throw. Plus? That does not succeed. You're in the water, so it would be disadvantage anyway. That is 25 points of lightning damage, which is not halved on you because the rage doesn't affect it. It only affects slashing, piercing, and bludgeoning. So you're blasted in the middle of the water. You sink for a moment as your muscles give out, your sword almost falls out of your grasp, and you manage to right yourself as you're treading water here. Your feet can't touch the bottom of this pool and your eyes go flashing white for a second, and for an instant, you see the face of Kord the Stormlord there from the vision your recently had. Then clarify and shake it out of your head and carry yourself back into place. That's going to finish this guy who's going to move around. He can only move ten feet so he goes five, ten. He's going to stop right there. This guy right here is going to go ahead towards you, Beau, as you're right there. He has disadvantage on the attacks against you, though. He’s going to go ahead and make its claw attack against you, with disadvantage. That's cocked. You saved yourself from a natural 20 with that one. It's a 16, which I believe misses, right? So, as it claws toward you, you, being prepared for it, dart off to the side. It's going to go ahead and take a bite at you. With disadvantage, another natural 20 averted! However, that does come to a 19, so I believe that does hit you. That is 11 points of piercing damage as it bites down onto the front of your clavicle and face. Beau falls to the ground. As she sinks from its jaw under the rock there, it spins around towards you, right in your face, its gills flaring up. That's going to end its turn. The two over here, this one's going to move there and they're both going to flank Molly. They are both going to harpoon you-- jam melee at the one on this side. First attack is going to be an 18 to hit. What's your armor class? Plus two because of the Haste. Oh, buddy. That does hit you. So the first harpoon strike against you-- that's eight plus four, 12 points of piercing damage. It jams you into the abdomen from that side. The other strike-- This guy's finishing his round. He's attempting to bite you, that's going to be a 15. As he bites down towards you, this time as you pull the trident out you jam it up and it throws him off and clips him in the side of the chin, breaking off one of his teeth. At that moment, the guy behind you is going to swing in with his harpoon as well. Okay, reaction to that. That's cocked. So he has a regular strike on this one, so the attack with the harpoon is going to be a 21 to hit, unfortunately. Well, he had advantage because he had you flanked, so it just made it a general roll. So that is going to be ten points of piercing damage as the other harpoon jams you in the back. As you're arcing upward, it's going to attempt to bite down at you, but its eyes have gone dark and it's just biting wild in front, using the thrashing of your body to guide itself. That is going to be a natural seven plus six, 13. Misses. So it bites down, you manage to duck out of the way and slam the hilt of your scimitar up into its face and knock it off to the side. That's going to end their go. That brings us to Beau. I need you to make a death saving throw, please. That's one success. Mark it on your tattoo. Jester, you're up. It's a 30-foot range, right? So it'd be right there. She's gliding on the water, tiptoe. 11 points to Beau. You come back to consciousness on the ground, your body was just starting to roll and slip into the water. You catch one of the rocks and keep yourself from going back into the drink. Well, your action was to-- Right, that's correct. That finishes your go there. Caleb, you're up. Over here? You can get partway into the water. Possibly? He's here. That's (counting) 30, so most likely. (counting) Just outside of 30 for the range. Looking at that, I believe the level is level three or lower? It's a 3rd-level spell. The storm immediately, with one final crackle, fades and dissipates above. The cavern above now just the empty, dark roof it was before, the storm no longer present. That ends Caleb's turn. Molly, you're up. 11 does not hit. You have three more attacks with your bonus action, if you want to. 24 hits. Roll damage on that. Nine points of damage, all righty. Barely. 23 hits. That'll do it, how do you want to do this? A whirling dervish of blades as you carve through. You start biting through with the blades, carves one part of its chest, part of its arm, down on its chest, looks up and right through its face. Go for it. That finishes Molly's turn. Nott. (like Jester) "Wrapped around his weenie?" Okay. You cannot see Kiri, just vanishes amongst the visuals of the illusion. All right, finishing Nott's turn. Fjord. Where do you want to emerge? Well, technically that was the other guy. Yeah. They shifted around. They did. If you'd like to-- fucking stay! If you want to, you can appear up top there and get a flanking bonus. You can use it against them, they can use it against you, as long as you are directly across from an enemy with an ally, you can give yourself flanking benefit. On this one? Okay. There you go. Go for it. Flanking? It's advantage on your attacks. 15 does hit. That hits, roll damage for each. How do you want to do this? You fucked that guy up. Molly, it’s pulling back ready to leap at you, and as it lurches towards you it stops, you watch as the upper half of its shoulders and head slip and slough off into the water. You vanish out of the space. That's a hell of a round. Yasha, you're up. Right now? No. Beau is not threatening. You have to be on the opposite sides. Yep, because you're in the water. 13 just hits. Nice. It's hanging on by a thread. Yeah, that'll do it. How do you want to do this? So one-handed wide swing, with the same motion, you reach up right into the wound, tear it through, and maintain eye contact as it tumbles over into the water and disappears beneath the surface. That ends your turn? You still have your movement. You're right next to Beau on the ground. You got out of the water. All right, ends your turn? There's a sound in the nearby water, as, emerging from one of the other caverns on the side, another merrow emerges from that side and another emerges from this side. The one up top here that sees everyone closing in is going to back up into the water, and is going to cast Call Lightning again. It wants to bring it about. Use the other level three spell slot. With that, as the cloud forms up in the sky again, seeing you step out of the water, you do not have disadvantage on the saving throw, but I need you to make another dexterity saving throw. It is a 13 DC, so you only take half damage. Which is good, because that would be 24 damage, so you take 12 points of lightning damage. Yes, 12 points of lightning damage. He's going to dive into the water. You know where he disappeared beneath the surface as you see the water rippling out, but you're not sure where he is or how deep he is. These two have emerged. This one's going to move through the water to there, and is going to make a harpoon-- Let's move over a bit further because it can, to about there. It's going to make a harpoon strike towards you, Yasha, throwing it in your direction. That's a 20 to hit. All right, you take-- that's a bad roll, eight points of piercing damage reduced to half, so you take four points of piercing damage. I need you to make a strength check, so roll a d20 and add your strength modifier as it's attempting to yank and pull you towards him. You have advantage on your strength checks because you're raging. He pulled a 13, natural nine plus four. You get yanked. Beau, you watch as Yasha gets yanked over you as you're lying on the ground, and it's going to attempt to bite you as you're down in the water once more. Natural 19. That's 25 to hit. So with that, the bite attack, let's roll damage on that. That is going to be ten points of piercing damage, reduced to five, 'cause you're raging. This guy here is going to go ahead and move up right next to Caleb, rushing out of the water from underneath with the harpoon in its arms, and jam it towards your torso. That's going to be a 15 to hit. All right. You watch as it deflects off of your body. It's going to angrily attempt to bite down on you. That's a natural 17 plus six. As it attempts to bite down towards you, there's a brief moment where the bite sinks into your shoulder, and there's a brief burst where time seems to dart back, and you step out of the way as its bite hits air with no effect. All right. That ends their turn. Now it is Beau. It's half your movement to get up, so you have 20 movement. Wouldn't she, though? You can certainly try. You should. Do you want to try? All right. So five, ten, 15, and then go ahead and make an athletics check to make the leap. I'm letting you see if you can make it across the water without losing your movement. 15? Yeah. (counting) You're just outside of it to be within melee. (counting) Actually, 35, 40, you can do it with just one if you're there. So you manage to spin around, using your bonus action for Step of the Wind, so you still have your action. 18 points of damage on that one. Damn. Nice. Ten misses, however the critical did-- as you run up from the side, you parkour off the wall, the side of the pillar there, leap, whack! Slam it with the staff. You see its head get pushed underwater again. It turns around; its eyes are adjusting like yours were a moment ago, and as you go to swing a second time, it does manage to deflect it with the side of its trident. No impact. All right, that finishes Beau's turn. Jester, you're up. Caleb, you're on deck. At the moment? This one's been hurt, this one has not been, and this one is not visible. It is beneath the surface of the water. Okay. So go ahead and roll a melee spell attack on it. If you want to move here, you can flank it. All righty. So you're opposite of Beau, using that flank maneuver. So don't forget, you guys can flank on direct opposites. They can also flank against you. Oh, natural one and a natural four. So as you swing out with your hand, your foot catches the edge of one of the pebbles, and you stumble for a second, and your hand goes wide off to the side, hits some of the stone on the wall behind you and releases the spell's impact against lifeless wall, unfortunately. No, that's Pathfinder rules. That it can do. No, not technically a creature. All right, so 2d8 plus four. 11 points of damage. Crack! The giant lollipop swings and hits the side of the jaw. It dislodges for a second, then for a moment it's trying to hold the trident with one hand and the other's trying to push it back into place. (laughs) Awesome. That finishes your go. Caleb, you're up. All righty. Nope. Nope. You get scared in the moment, because you're still thrashing in the water, and you put the hand up and go (effort sound, fizzle). You were aiming six feet from it. It goes up like a firework and hits the roof. That ends Caleb's go. Molly, you're up. You have 60 feet of movement. Are you running through the water or going to make a leap across? (counting) If you want to flank, you'll be in the water, which is disadvantage on your attacks. It's a straight roll if you stay there, or a straight roll if you end up flanking it. Yes. So make your four attacks on it, if you want. Okay, yeah, that'll do. Yep, just roll the dice. 11 points of damage. And then your third strike with your Haste. All right, so that hits on the third strike, there. Ooh. 31 points of damage in one round. As you're carving through it rapidly, it is looking pretty hurt. It's not on death's door, but you singlehandedly carved it pretty hard in one round. You already used your bonus action. All right, that ends Molly's go. Nott. That's amazing. Okay, Fjord, you're up. As you reapparate within ten feet of where you were-- Just remembering, why did you drop Hex again? It was because you cast-- All righty. So first strike was 18, that hits. 12 points of damage, nice. That works. Seven points of damage, that'll do it. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Both (impacts) on its side. You watch as one of its arms gets blown off and flings, landing on the top of the stairs before rolling down a few steps and coming to rest. It slips down into the water. Yasha, you take one swipe at it for good measure as it sinks below. All right, and roll your d20 to see whether you stay or go. Yasha, you're up. Right now, you're in the water, so with full speed, you're probably not going to get to it unless you take an action to dash. You have 30 feet of movement. There's the guy who's underwater over here somewhere, and there's the guy that's currently assaulted by most of your team on the other side. (counting) There? Okay, so you reach down and touch the front of your chest-- Oh, shit. So that ends your turn? Emerging from the water, the water splashes up as it glances up. On the other side, that one merrow's right there, have him surrounded, is going to make one strike again towards Caleb. That is a 23 to hit. Okay. That comes to 12 points of piercing damage. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You can, because it's attacking someone that's not you. 12. I believe your constitution is 14, if I recall? Which brings a +2 to what you rolled. Yeah, 14. Failure. Haste wears off, because you lose concentration. When the spell ends, the target can't move or take actions. And, to follow that up, it's going to bite down towards Caleb, seeing that you're probably the easiest meat around here, unarmored. That's a natural 20. I'm having really good luck. All right, so with a bite attack against you, that is 14 points of piercing damage to you, Caleb. Oh my god. Okay. Ending that turn, the other one standing there emerges, the storm in the sky. It sees you standing up again and goes (growls). Sounds like some horrible curse. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Thank you, Taliesin. A great gift I'm glad I've been able to use finally. 18, okay, so half damage. We'll see what it rolls. That is a nine, a one, and a three. 13 points of damage. Lightning damage. Halved to six. Not even joking. You can look at the dice. I can't fucking believe that. SAM and You are a fucking warlock, is what that is. You know that, but-- God damn it. And is going to vanish once more beneath the surface of the water. You don't know quite where it is, that’s where you last saw it disappear. That brings us to Beau. You have advantage on these because you're flanked currently with Jester. 14 hits him. Armor class of 13. 18 hits, roll damage for the second strike. Whack, whack! You hit both sides with the staff. It's being knocked around, spitting blood out of its mouth. It's hurt. It's hurt pretty bad. Make two more strikes against it. MARISHA and 12 does not hit, but one of them does. Seven points of damage, how do you want to do this? (cheering) Whack! Right across his face. The impact throws its head with such a speed down onto the rocks, right at the bottom of Jester's feet. Crack! It slowly slides, gurgling, into the water, sinking below. Jester, you're up. Right there? Good to know. Finishing your turn, Jester, Caleb, you're up. You can just barely get onto land if you want. Okay. Okay, you step back. That ends your turn, Caleb, as you're holding your action. Molly? Nott? With your movement, you get most of the way across on the rope, but you can bonus action to dash. With that, Nott just barely emerges from the distant pool of water. You don't see any monsters. Nott's splashing behind you. Perfect. Fjord. Whereabouts? Good to know. Roll your dice. Held actions and Blink can be a really tricky thing. It's like an ethereal-- like Frodo with the ring on. This is what Ripley used on you guys last campaign. That finishes Fjord's turn. Yasha, you're up. Hold your action in case something shows up? That ends your turn. That brings us the merrow shallow priest's turn. As you're all focusing on this element, a small ripple of water emerges over here as it has swum down below the water. Cat's Paw. What does it have to roll for it? 16 strength? Does it get a saving throw, you mean? A strength saving throw? That is an eight. No. It is currently restrained, right? Go for it. Yeah, it's gargantuan. All right, how much damage was that? Six total damage. At which point it's holding its staff still and (hissing), spins its arm around. A level two Thunderwave bursts out in front of it in a 15-foot cube, hitting both Beau and Caleb. I need you both to make a constitution saving throw, please. No. A constitution saving throw. That is a success, so you take half damage. Nope. That is 17 points of thunder damage. You take half of that, so you take eight. You're still up? Cat's Paw's gone. Caleb's unconscious. Easy come, easy go. Beau, you are thrown ten feet back into the wall there as the smoke dissipates from the Thunderwave. Wham! Into the wall and fall to one knee. Let's see. No, that's all of its movement. It took all of its movement to get there, so that's where it stands. That's going to end its turn. Beau. Oh, it has to make a constitution saving throw to see if it maintains the thunderstorm above. Which it succeeds. Go for it. You're technically in the water, so the attacks are at disadvantage. 16 still hits. Ten damage. Got it. All right, that hits again. Second attack. 12 damage. Two constitution saving throws. That's a success, and a success, so it's still maintaining concentration on the lightning storm. It swings wide. It's laughing under its hissing breath as you're punching, and it's starting to try and slowly submerge into the water. That brings us to Jester. Right here? Over here, you mean? (counting) That's where you are, but you're in the water right now. You're (splashing). Yes, you would. Go for it. You have disadvantage. You're flanking it, so it's a straight attack, yes. You pull back (energy crackling). (fizzling) You reach up and right as you-- The dice are not with you. I'm so sorry, Laura. I'm so sorry. As you reach out with this crackling bolt of looming necrotic energy, it manages to spin around and a burst of wind immediately pushes your arm just off course and it releases harmlessly in the air. I'm sorry. All right, roll for the attack on it. You cast it at level two earlier though. I'm so sorry. No, it was level two at the beginning. I trust you guys. Sorry, Jester. That finishes your turn. Caleb, I need you to make a death saving throw, please. That's a failure. First failed save on Caleb. Make an athletics check. No. You go (splashing) (counting) 30. (counting) 20. You get up there. Combat range, yes. You can only use your bonus action to attack if you've used your action to attack. That's what I'm thinking, but I'll double check what the rules are there. Every now and then you need a reminder, folks. “When you take the Attack action and attack with a light melee weapon that you're holding in "one hand, you can use a bonus action--” If you don't attack, you cannot bonus action attack. Is it an action or a bonus action to use? Because you've used your action this turn. I believe Enthrall as a spell is an action. Vicious Mockery, I believe, is also an action. But you're in melee. That ends your turn, Molly. Nott. (counting) It's within 20 feet. As you're running out of the water, (screaming) (splashing). That hits. Roll damage with the additional Burning Bolt. 24 points of damage. It has to make a constitution saving throw to see if it maintains. No, it does not. It drops the lightning. Yeah. Next attack. That hits. Roll damage. The shallow priest is looking hurt. It's a merrow shallow priest. Does that finish your turn, Nott? Fjord. Ten feet right there. TALIESIN and Goes wide, strikes a nearby rock. 14 misses. This one has higher armor than the rest. As you release both bolts, it's flailing around, hurt after taking the impact from the bolts. You can see the burst of flame on its back from the shot it took from Nott, and as it lurches forward, it manages to arc out of the way of your bolt. No impact. Roll to see if you stick around. Lag spikes are rough when you're on a raid, guys. Top of the round. Yasha, you're up. Right now? No, the space right there where technically it is-- I'll say you can get up on there, sure. Using all your movement, you can get on there. It's a little wobbly. No. Hold on, Beau was in the water. This technically is not a space you can get on. You would not be able to flank with it. You can get there if you want to. Because this is in the space. No, because you have to be on the exact opposite. That space is currently occupied by the stalagmite. You're in the water, so disadvantage on your attacks. 18 hits. Nice. 20 hits. Roll damage for your second strike. 12 points of damage. It is so close. It is hurt so bad. As you slash twice, in the water, you see these large arcs of stale, stagnant cave water splashing in the air with this gleaming blade as Yasha's tearing into it. The pool around it is turning dark purple as its blood is seeping in and it's looking desperately around for some means of escape. That end your turn, Yasha? It's now the shallow priest's turn. Yeah. That's what it's going to do. Level two Thunderwave. Hmm? It would have thrown you back into the wall. There's nowhere more for you to push this way. The placement here makes it a little hairy. It's going to go ahead and-- It's a fifteen-foot cube. In front of you. And it's trying to-- Yeah, you guys are positioned in such a way where it-- Well yeah, but you can't be part of a cube, and I'm trying to figure out what would be the most optimal way for it to use it. I'm going to say-- No, the ones who are hurt the most are Beau and Yasha and they've been the biggest problem for these guys. It's not too worried about the other two. 15-foot cube. Okay. All right, you know what? It's going to go ahead and attempt to shift this way one square, into the space with the Spiritual Weapon. From Yasha. And from Jester. Both of you guys, make an attack. With disadvantage for you, Yasha. It's risky on its endeavor, but it's what's going to give it an opportunity to try and get out of this lockdown. What'd you roll? Okay, 16 hits. Yeah, regular attack. 15 just hits. Yep. It can't move. So with Sentinel, it does not get a chance to move as you arc towards it. How much damage did you do? Nine. Five. How do you two want to do this? (cheering) Okay. So as you swing with the handaxe and you swing with the sword as it backs away, charging the energy of the Thunderwave in its hands, it tries to slink through the water, the blade of your handaxe carves into its throat from this side (painful grunt). At which point the blade hits from this side (slurp). And like a terrible scene out of Riki-Oh, because I have not used that reference in this campaign, the body gets split in two sides and you watch as it falls to the ground in three separate pieces, (thuds) all sinking beneath the water below. Yes you do, Caleb. That's cocked. Okay. Right now, at this point, there is no threat. Yes. You drop the spell. Okay. Go ahead and heal up for that. The last slab of its flesh that you had carved from its head and shoulder area you push into the water, kicking it forward. So, Caleb, you heal 12 hit points. We'll say as you guys gather to go ahead and deal with the aftermath of this battle, we're going to take a break. (cheering) Apologies for the humming of the motor from earlier. This is the first time trying it out. Didn't really need it. It was fine. But yes, so. We'll be back here in a few minutes, guys. We'll see you in a little bit. [break] Hi everyone. Welcome back. Before we jump into the story, real fast, we wanted to say a quick hello from a friend of ours who stopped by the office and tonight's studio to say hello. Babs Tarr, the very, extremely talented comic book artist for many different comic series. Incredibly talented and is very much a Critter along with us and stopped in to say hi! Of course, thanks for coming by! Where can they find you? Thank you, Babs. Picking up where we left off. You guys rush to pull Caleb off the ground. You're all beaten, battered-- Laura. Eight points of healing. No, we need her for as long as we can keep her. Anyway. Your wounds close up a bit through the incantation. You see remnants of crates and broken goods littered across the rough staircase, now that you take a moment to inspect it. Make an investigation check if you want to glance about the space. Yes, because you are drunk. You find some broken pieces of pottery, it seems like. Nice, polished on one side, with a nice glaze. You can write down in your inventory "broken pieces of shiny pottery." Fjord? If you look at the trident, it looks like it's a very tightly woven rope, but the individual threads of rope are treated like a leather-type stat, so it's a really tight leather cord. From what you can see, where it was dangling from there, they’re wrapped in a loose loop around the side of their armor, and when they throw it, they catch the end of it and pull it back. Okay. It's about 60 feet of leather cord, if you want to call it that. Sturdy leather cord. It's heavy, so it's about twice the weight of hemp rope. It's stronger, but it's heavier. Yeah, they're pretty strong. If you guys want to take a short rest, if you guys are inspecting the rest of the area. Jester, as you come back into the next chamber, you're looking around and there's no sign of Kiri. You see natural stone, the pool, a piece of wall to the side, and there's no sign. (like Jester) "I'm Kiri!" You look around and you don't see anything. (like Jester) "Yes, I'm very sweet!" (like Jester) "Warmer?" You slowly start making your way towards this weird cylindrical stone wall that you now realize wasn't there before. You reach through and your hand goes right into a tuft of feathers. (startled chirping) Kiri reaches up and grabs your hand, and you pull her through the illusion. She steps out and goes, (like Cali) "I killed people!" Kiri points to one of the bodies of the merrow that you had killed the night before that's barely visible out of the water there. It looks like it has a couple stab wounds to it, and Kiri's like-- (chirping) (like Jester) "Okay, okay, okay." (like Jester) “Okay, okay, okay.” Make an investigation check, Jester. As you spend a moment searching around in the middle of the dirt with no luck, there's a little knock on your shoulder with a pointed finger. You glance over and Kiri has the book bundle, the leather strap-- (chirping) Points to the side corner. If you want to start inspecting the area up the stairs, there's a platform above where there's more of the boxes and crates and there's piles of things gathered around some sort of rock formation, where that mist seems to be emanating from, which is still loosely drifting off of the surface of the water. Okay. Make an investigation check. 14, okay. You can see scattered bits of gold and silver and copper that have been lost amongst the steps here, some of them covered in dirt or mud and can be cleaned and pulled out of there. As you ascend the steps, if anybody wants to join Fjord as well? You go with him as well? You also see there's a bunch of silverware thrown around. Very nice, fine silverware that is, in many cases, partially packed with more mud, sand, and whatever grime is here. It looks like everything was brought here, and largely a number of it has been discarded or left with no particular purpose. As you begin to pore through some of it, you see there's a crate that's partially open. There's a cache of weapons in there that are bound in clusters with leather straps around them. Looking there, there are four well-made longswords, four well-made shortswords, two battleaxes, and two halberds that are part of this cache. They're resting open on the inside of this open crate. There's a locked, dark wood case, about four feet across and a foot wide, that is currently closed and latched. There's also a locked iron box that's flat, a foot and a half by a foot and a half. It's simple, steel, iron look to it. Then there's the stone formation that's about six to ten foot at different places. It's a bit oblong and strange. It's not a perfect oval, but it's made to be this pool of water, where the mist is rising and sifting out of it. Around the edges of it, there are dozens and dozens of metallic objects of different shapes and configurations and designs. Make a religion check. You recognize a majority of the iconography here. It looks like one of these bundles-- one of these boxes that was gathered here-- was filled with holy symbols and religious iconography, most of which appear to be deities that are outlawed by the Empire. You see symbols and worship idols for the Archeart. You see some for Avandra, the Changebringer. You see a number of Moonweaver holy symbols with the two crescent moons across the silver cross. You see the hook and the wreath of the Wildmother, Melora, a number of those scattered about, some in disrepair, with actual pieces of dried barley and other grains around it. You see a number of symbols of Kord, the Stormlord. You see a handful for the Everlight. There are a few more dubious symbols as well. There's one that looks like a dark, horned crown that you recognize that is used to invoke Asmodeus, the Lord of the Hells. You see one that looks like-- you only see a few of these, but it looks like a series of chains and shackles that are across a coffin-like box, and you know that, because you rolled super high, to represent Bane, the Strife Emperor, who is a deity of conquest. There it is. As well as the clawed hand on a number of items that resemble Tiamat, the Scaled Tyrant. Jester, you return. Did you take Kiri with you? At this point, you hear a distant sound that echoes through the wall (fluttering). You spin and look over and you can see Jester emerging from the water and a little black bird that is currently fluttering to try to get the water off the feathers. They're dry. Nott, what were you looking at? Yeah, there's two boxes. Okay. As you focus, there is a-- as you look over, there is a faint magical aura from inside the pool where the mist is emanating, and the long wooden box emanates a magical source from the inside. You'd have to try and retrieve the body. It sunk into the water. The staffed one? Okay. As you pull the staff over, the staff does not have any magical properties. It looked like it was just a focus for whatever spellcasting it was doing. Make an investigation check as you were going back to the body. If you want. You feel a magical presence within the pool. Not the pool itself, but within. And the mist is still pouring over the edges of it. Yeah, the upper platform. Yes. Enchantment. (exaggerated cockney accent) Enchantment! Hi, Yuri. Make an investigation check as you pore through and find as many as you want to. Are you glancing through as well? Okay. Make an investigation check. This is the pile of religious iconography. 11. Okay. Because-- All right. You find-- and there's a number of these. You see, probably, in total, well over 100 to 120 various holy symbols, idols, small representations pressed into metal or clay. These are all means of worship from a grand scale to a pauper scale that seem to have been part of what was moving through this smuggling path. Which you find two. (gasps) No response. Make an investigation check. Yep. You give a solid glance through and it looks like, no. Ioun, the Knowing Mistress, is one of the approved religions, and you get the sense that all the symbols that are here are religions that are unapproved by the Empire or considered betrayer gods and are not approved anywhere. Oh, plenty of Moonweaver symbols. There's probably a good 12 or 13. Asmodeus. (singing) Asmodeus, Asmodeus! Go ahead and make your-- with disadvantage. Oh, look at that! Even while drunk, little Nott's able to-- The latch spins off, and a blade fires out from where the lock was, shoots across the room, and vanishes into the darkness before it scrapes off some stone in the distance. It appears to be open. There's a slight gap now where the lid is now open. You lift it up. Looking inside, you see this beautiful jewel-inlaid, curved golden blade of some kind. With what little bit of light that you guys have at your disposal now, you can see it shining and it's this pure gold color. As you swing it for a moment, it seems to bend with the movement before flicking back into place. It would constitute in the vein of a scimitar. It's pretty well-balanced. Lighter than you'd expect. And gold is not a good metal for any sort of combat. It's a soft metal and you see the flexibility seems such but yet it'd probably hit pretty hard, but you're a little worried about using gold for any sort of combat scenario. Swings pretty solid. Yes, and you managed to find it. You find probably about 6 or 7 different variations to the Archeart's iconography. MARISHA and You find one that's pretty similar to the one that you saw. You pocket it. A 13 to-- You find about four of them. Two of them are medallions and one of them looks like a ceramic marker that would be hung on a wall. One of them looks like it was part of a latch on a small chest and was torn from it. You see bits of rotted wood on the back of it where it may have been previously pressed in and bolted against the outside of a chest. Sure. Make an investigation check. Okay. While you guys are having this conversation, Beau is casing the joint here. There are no hidden exits. In fact, you get the sense that all the entrances and exits here are through the various pools of water. You begin to think, based on placement, that there's probably a network of caverns here, and possibly more merrow that exist in the vicinity of the lake, of the Ounterloch beyond here. Yes, actually. I can show you an image of it. That is what you see. It's like an upside-down, coffin-like design, with these chains that cross over. Yes. It's roughly a little larger than your palm. Sure. It sinks down and for a moment, it obscures, but you see this very faint yellowish color on the bottom. It disappears into the pool. Sure. You reach in and you scour around and your hand touches and finds the symbol. Next to it, there's a polished stone about that big that's resting in the silt at the bottom. Okay. You pull out the stone, and as soon as the water emerges from it, it's smooth. It looks like a cat's eye. It has a yellowish color to it and there are striations that refract light around it. At one end, it looks like there was-- an impact carved a line about three inches across on one side. It has a very faint yellowish glow. It's not a school of arcane magic. Okay, symbol there. She sets it down, and rests it there next to the other symbol, at an angle. It doesn't look like it matches the sword. The groove that's hewn into it, what at first looked like it was impacted or wounded by some sort of damage, upon closer look, it looks intentionally placed or carved in. So you have this cat's eye, yellowish sphere with this three inch-wide, pointed oval line in the front. They're just well-made, like freshly made and were being sent somewhere. You cannot. That's where you guys are standing right now. That's where you've removed from the pool. Yes. Fjord. Something about that orb is very familiar. Okay. So, while you're doing that. There is one more metal box that's not been opened. Make an investigation check. With disadvantage, because you are drunk. Okay. Seems fine. All right. Disadvantage, to try and open the lock. Thieves' tools. So it's dexterity plus your proficiency bonus. 17? That'll do it. You needed a 16. The iron box opens. Nothing goes off; no blades, no traps. On the inside, you see a beautifully smithed sword handle and hilt made from silver with an acorn-sized emerald set on each side of the hilt, right in the center. The blade extends for an inch before it's broken off at a jagged angle. There's an inch of the blade. It seems to have broken off at some point. Right. You did not sense any magic from this. You attempt to cast Mending on this? Strangely, it resists it. There's something about it. Even though it didn't emanate a magical essence from what he was requesting, the Mending spell, for some reason, is unable to grasp the nature of this object to complete it. No magical essence from it, but as you're looking over it, beyond just the beautiful make of it, you do see runes carved across the hilt and at the pommel. It looks like at one point it was an enchanted blade, but was sundered and is missing the rest. I'm sorry. What was that? What was your question? Oh, fits the-- No. The carve in the sphere is about three inches long. The blade looks like it would've been about two inches wide and it's broken off at a jagged side angle. Okay. Investigation check. Either both of you roll, or one of you roll with advantage. Up to you. 15. Looking around, you see no sign of any other half of the blade, broken or not. Okay. Anybody else? Okay. So you finish casting Identify on-- All right. The sword is not magical, and so it does not give you any essence as to what enchantment it is. Looking at the runes, you could see that there was once held magic-- Oh, the finished one? Sorry, I misunderstood. That, yes. I'm sorry. That, you do have immediate grasp of what it is capable of. Okay, so you begin concentrating another ten minutes on the cat's eye. You choose one object to cast on. So wait another ten minutes. Sure. As Caleb's concentrating on it, you reach out and touch the stone. Your body immediately goes cold. Your vision vanishes from your eyes as darkness fills your world. Your lids itch like some sand or dirt now scrapes the inside of the skin, and you rub them with your wrist. Your eyes open to find yourself somewhere else. The sky is moonlit and cloudless, the starry night looking down at you. Your clothes are not your own, nor is your body. A thick, brown leather overcoat lined in buckles wraps around your torso while sun-weathered human skin marks your flesh. You notice your hands are dirty and thick with calluses as you clutch the very same yellow, polished stone in your left hand. Looking down, you see the body of the individual who was its previous owner, now still in a pool of crimson dark. You glance around the place, some jungle-grown natural landmass by a pond. The smell of seawater is strong on the wind in the middle of the night. Flash-- in your right hand grasps the familiar falchion, water dripping from the blade. A voice booms into your mind "Potential." A sudden, uncontrollable hunger overcomes you as you instinctually jam the stone into your gut. It slowly sinks into your human flesh painlessly. As it's being pushed into your torso "Consume." As it quickly vanishes within your belly, the hunger subsides as exhaustion takes over. You fall to your knees and look within the water, your reflection familiar, but not your own Vandrin. "Reward." Just as quickly as the vision came, in the blink of an eye, it's gone, your reflection now that of the familiar half-orc, looking into the pool where the stone was found, but the stone is gone. The rest of you guys watched, in the middle of this concentration, while Fjord touched the stone, grabbed it, and jammed it into his chest. Before all of you could even react and push forward, it had already been thrust through his armor and into his body. You reach over and try and grab him, and with a strength you've never felt in his body, he lurches towards the pond and thrusts it fully in, seemingly under some sort of uncontrolled force, his eyes glazed over and staring forward. Suddenly, he comes back, and as you glance around, you feel tension on your body as all your friends are grabbing onto your body and pull you away from the pool. It's gone. Exhausted. You actually take a point of exhaustion. There's no damage to the armor, and as you pull back some of the leather plates, there's no sign of a wound. You don't feel any strange spheres in the inside of your abdomen. Don't spoil the surprise, Travis! No. Nobody you'd seen before. All you recall is seeing the orb and the same sword that you have in his hand. No, weirdly. There's a strange aspect as you focus really hard to remember, but the face that you saw in the water was definitely Vandrin. Maybe a little younger than you remember him faintly less gray to his hair and facial hair. The water is salt water. The pool water is salt water. All the rest of the water in this cavern is fresh. Yes. Yeah, and you get-- make an intelligence check for me. Looking at this, and looking at the way things are spread about, you get the sense that something drew the merrow to the safe house. They took whatever they found in the safe house below, tore through it, and placed whatever was important to them in this area. Make an investigation check. It's roughly five to eight feet in diameter. Okay. You look in the well, the water is moving in there. It's you. (splashing water, sputtering) Salt water, you start coughing for a minute and come up. You are drowning. You pull him out of the pool. He starts coughing up the water. As you're doing that, you do get the sense that the longer you're here, in a nexus between these numerous merrow tunnels, the higher your chance gets of having more arriving. You guys gather up as much as you can, take your way via the rope through the water, Kiri in tow. You make your way back up, handing things off up into the tunnel. Eventually, over the next hour or so, get most of what was down there that you could back up into the safe house. I mean, they're all what they are. No quarterstaffs. They all appear to be steel weapons that are part of this cache. There is a long polearm-- a halberd, there’s two of them-- that does have a shaft of wood, but it's designed for the weight of the bladed edge. You could break it off and make it a quarterstaff if you really wanted to, but it would be comparable to what you already have. They're well-made and fresh. They're less worn, but they're not deadlier, per se. Yeah, make a history check. Sure. Doesn't jog your memory. It looks old. Looks like it's been around a while. Unfortunately, you already aided somebody with it. You guys are back in the safe house now, yes. Amongst you, you have two of those. Whoever has them, you're fine. What are you guys doing? You guys get up, you all get ready to go. You gather your things. (lighting dynamite) Watch it sparking. It disappears, you begin to leave. As you guys are all walking out of the storehouse, from behind you, off to the left, there's a dull sound, and some dirt and water from the left side of the tree in the middle of the hot afternoon (muffled impact). The still water that currently exists around begins to slowly drain as a part of the swamp off to the side sinks down about ten feet or so. The water level drops a solid foot, but it comes to rest. You're sure that whatever structure that remained down there before is now filled with dirt, sludge, swamp water, and rock. Kiri is with you. Okay. Is anybody helping you with that? Jester and Yasha start taking down the bloated bodies. What are you doing with the bodies? Are you leaving them in the swamp to fester? (singing) Circle of-- You take them and pull them off-site, and leave them in a pile to become one with the swamp over time. It's pretty gross work. (like Nott) "Welcome to the Mighty Nein!" (laughter) That is now my new favorite-- I think Salt Bae cleric is my new favorite idea for a character. As you guys gather your things and begin to trudge southward, back into the Labenda Swamp to make your way back to the city of Barleben, a bit wounded, but you've succeeded in your first task for the Gentleman, you begin to make your way through the reverse guidance of Caleb in the direction you were traveling. Backward guidance, we'll put it that way. As you're all taking a moment to look through, keeping your eyes peeled, weapons drawn, Fjord, your eyes catch the summoned falchion in your hand, and there, glittering in the center of the hilt, where there was none previously, is a single yellow eye. And that's where we're going to end tonight's episode. (cheering) On the hilt of the blade. That's Materia slot? It's like it's the basis of his class.