Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. We're going to have Laura Bailey joining us as soon as she comes in. She's coming in hot from work, but she'll be here soon enough. If worse comes to worst, Taliesin will obviously fill in. She's in traffic watching right now going, "I'm going to fucking kill him." Hi, Laura! Before we get into tonight's episode, let's get through our announcements for the evening. First off, we have two wonderful sponsors tonight, beginning with our first sponsor, our continuing relationship with our friends at D&D Beyond. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, D&D Beyond. Our second sponsor tonight is our fantastic friends returning from The Rook & The Raven. The Rook & The Raven, you've seen us discuss their work before. They do fantastic campaign notebooks for when you're running a campaign or for your player characters to keep track of. Fantastic Kickstarters throughout the year. The entire month of December is dedicated to their school kit charity drive. We've discussed it before, and we're bringing it back. They're donating a hundred percent of their December profits to teachers, schools, and community centers to help them establish and grow tabletop gaming clubs and classes. To help create a space for the young generation to come and enjoy these games in a way that we never could growing up because this shit was considered evil or a thing you don't do. That has changed dramatically now. Allowing these spaces for more kids to get into the space, to meet friends, to learn social skills, to learn creative writing, all the different things that are so fantastic about playing these games, they're helping doing it. Each of these adventure club gaming kits will contain dice, books for a table of six-- so that's a DM and five players. Every item sold from now until January 20th will not only add to the number of kits they can send, but will also count towards leveling up the contents of each kit to include additional notebooks, sourcebooks, and adventures. Give the gift of gaming right now at therookandtheraven.com/criticalrole. Be sure to follow them on Twitter @therookandtheraven for giveaways, which they do often. Thank you very much, friends, for coming along with us again. Happy new year to everything and the wonderful things you're doing for these wonderful kids. Thank you. Yeah, imagine more. We announced at our State of the Role, on our channel, we have a bunch of new shows like Pub Draw with Babs Tarr. MAME Drop we've continued into a show that's coming out in the new year, in which we play a bunch of random games on the MAME Cabinet you got to see built as part of All Work No Play! Check out details on those upcoming shows at critrole.com. This is our last episode of Critical Role of 2018, folks. I know, it's nuts. The campaign's gone a year. That is true. If there was a night to do it, this is the time. That's nuts. Well, they're not sick of us yet, hopefully. But yes, we'll be back from our holiday break January 10th. That will be our returning episode, so mark it on your calendars. We look forward to seeing you then. Also, be sure to tune in Tuesday, January 8th, 2019 for a very special, campaign-as-it-currently-lies Talks Machina, where most of the cast will be there to discuss things that have happened, questions they may have. I won't answer most of them because I'm a dick. It's going to be fun! We're going to discuss all things that have happened and answer your guys' questions. Make sure you don't miss that on January 8th at 700pm Pacific. Also, tomorrow night. Tomorrow night, Liam's fantastic Nightmare Before Critmas one-shot is airing at 700pm Pacific, here at twitch.tv/criticalrole, with the VOD going up Sunday the 23rd, this very weekend. So to prepare you right for the Christmas holiday, or far after any holidays you may be celebrating, or anything in between, whatever it may be, this is going to be a fun one-shot. Yes, stuff went down. So enjoy. It was a wonderful way to kick off the holiday. Unless I am mistaken, that is the last of our announcements. With that, friends, let's jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role. Welcome back. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein had been making their way through the Swavain Islands in the Lucidian Ocean after vanishing from the island of Darktow with the damaged Squalleater, renaming it the Balleater. As you do. Managed to escape from the Diver's Grave and the ship graveyard that turned out to be, as well as the entity that lived there. You had acquired another sphere of Uk'otoa-- Every time. Upon making your way to the Bisaft Isle to get repairs for your ship as it limps along the ocean, you discovered that you had a stowaway who had followed you on the ship since Darktow. The delightful gnome named Twiggy befriended you and revealed the item which had sent her on her path to becoming a stowaway, the strange clockwork arcane sphere that she seemed to have stolen from an auction house to keep away from a bad man. Upon toying with this sphere, you discovered that it seemed to have some sort of planar elements, bits of conjuration magic to it, and was dispensing coins and cold weather attire. A little more tweaking sent you somewhere else. The present party was transported to some extra-planar dungeon, if you will, an abode of a hundred plus rooms that apparently belonged to a mage from long ago. Upon exploring and making your way through the various traps and tricks, you managed to avoid a few pitfalls, trigger a few others, gather a few objects, fight a cabinet, find some books, and end up teleported in a scattered fashion into the realm of a young blue dragon. Yeah. For two of you, by the skin of your fucking teeth, you all managed to figure out the way to trigger the exit and escape in time, with Twiggy dealing a final blow to the dragon on the way out, of which some of you may believe her, as no one was present to watch it happen. After which, you made your way-- you realized you'd been missing for six days, that there was some time dilation between the time you spent in the sphere, or at least within a few chambers in the sphere, versus the time out here. The crew had been waiting for a number of days. The repairs had been completed on Bisaft Isle. You guys decided to call it an evening and rest up, lick your wounds, and reflect over what had transpired in the past day, the past week, the past month, who knows. With most of you going to a rest, and Beau and Caduceus heading up to the top of the ship to calm and discuss these things, you all called it a night. So Mighty Nein, as you are still at dock on Bisaft Isle, what would you like to do the following morning? Let's say it's a long night's sleep, because there's a lot of recovery. So I'll say, without any sort of necessary reference to wake you up for an early point, you sleep in till near noon. The one that says This is Laura's; don't fucking touch-- LAURA I didn't know there was a donut in there; it just said Don't Touch. To be fair, that's one of the perks of being an adult. You know a little bit. You've passed here once or twice. It's the largest of a set of four parallel islands, but for the most part, it's not really cultivated. The jungles here are fairly thick. The fruit trees and exotic creatures make it an interesting pass-by port, but also a dangerous thing to push into. The thick mangrove trees choke most of the coastal areas except for on the south, which is where the actual town of Bisaft Port is, which is where you guys are currently set. You do know that, because it's cluttered, it tends to be a favorite spot for contraband out in the jungle, but the creatures that live there are pretty dangerous, so most people avoid that. There are some remaining signs of the Ki'Nau people that used to be indigenous to these islands before they all became part of the Clovis Concord. That's about all you know. I mean, it's a small village, maybe 800 people or so. Not all of them. I think a few of them were. Part of the locking mechanism was embedded in the shelf. Sure. Insight, sure. You've learned enough, yes. You have proficiency bonus. Okay, so you guys head back up to the deck and over towards the dock. Couple of things you notice. One, you haven't really been out of the ship to see the port. By the time you guys returned it was nighttime and didn't have, really, a good view, as at night on this island, there really isn't a lot of light; it shuts down at dusk. Bisaft. There's a lot of ships. Probably about 20 or so. They're mainly Concord military vessels, similar to the one you saw and avoided on the outskirts of Nicodranas. Glancing over, there are a few groups of soldiers on the docks stretching. Looks like they're loading supplies into the ships. They're making a stop and the ships are waiting for others to fill up because it's a small dock. It's mainly meant to maintain, at most, six or seven ships at a time, so they're having to go in waves to take supplies and they're probably cleaning out some of what Bisaft Port has. Sure, yeah. There's a number you can go ahead and stop. There's one of them nearby that is sitting there stretching legs and gathering their supplies in a small sack. They probably bought a few things to take on the path. "Yes, we are making our way through the waters. This is just a quick stop." "Well, with the recent attacks, the war at the Empire, it's getting a little hairy, so the "Marquis Olesya Lapidus is calling many of the warships to the southern coast to be a precaution "near the border." (noncommittal consideration) "This is a conflict between them, but it is still important "to be careful. We have an alliance from a trade standpoint with the Empire, but they are not "entirely the most pleasant people, so they can deal with their problems and if comes to us, we'll "keep it to the shore. The good news is, as far as I know, Xhorhas isn't a naval-oriented people. "What I have heard," and he leans in a bit, "is the underelves apparently snuck past the mountain "range and attacked further inland. Felderwin was assaulted and the fields were set ablaze." "A smart move in cutting the food from the people, eh? These beasts are clever. Be careful." "Felderwin, yes." "I don't think-- We are running along the coast and just heading to the southern area south "of the jungles and a little bit past Nicodranas and keeping a boundary in the waters." "You as well." He grabs his stuff and throws it over his shoulder and heads back to the rest of the crew. Apparently set some of the fields ablaze. You passed by Felderwin when you were traveling both north and south on that road there and it's a heavy source of agriculture. In fact, it feeds a lot of the military. At this point, you hear a (throat clearing). You turn around and you see a human male in his mid-40s with salt and pepper brown hair with a thick mustache, somewhat stained linen clothing with a length of rope wrapped over his shoulder, and he goes, "Hello, I'm Dockmaster Podderan. I was "the one patiently waiting, I guess, for you all to return and pay for the good repairs that were "required of my crew. So if you want to pay up, or we're going to have to keep the Balleater ourselves." "Curious name, Balleater, by the way." Reaches into his satchel, pulls out a small leather ledger, past a few pages. There's little counts, a couple notes there. Tears it out and hands it to you. It's for 225 gold for full ship repairs. 225. No. That pot was taken by Darktow when they came aboard. Correct. That was the other downside with Avantika being wrapped up in this whole plot in Darktow was, as soon as she was executed, they commandeered anything that belonged to her crew and left you guys the ship. With the supplies on the ship you got to keep the cannons, the cannonballs, the gunpowder, basic supplies that were left over for survival and upkeep, but anything of worth was taken by Darktow as their prize. "Appreciate that. All right, well, when're you planning to head off?" "Could you leave possibly by end of day? I'll give you back 30 gold if that's the case. I "need to--," and he looks off towards the ships that are waiting and goes, "I kind of need the space." Make a persuasion check. He goes, "Well, come find me," and he points over to one of the nicer coastal huts set up right at the outside of the docks. "Right." Turns back and heads off to his business. Various military crews are still running up and down the docks carrying supplies to and from. What would you guys like to do? Okay. Make a perception check. The closest place-- the scent catches your nose. There's a place called the Bisaft Meadery. Meadery. No. It's a small, open-- It looks like a simple tavern, but only the back half of it has walls where it's a thatched top. There are support beams, and there are a number of tables and stools set up and a number of mead barrels set up in the back as well as an open grill made of metal rods welded over each other and a bunch of wood burning beneath it. Some of the people that live here in Bisaft that run this meadery are preparing an open breakfast, essentially, and a lot of the soldiers are crowding over and filling up spaces. The scent catches your nose of cooking boar and various fruits and vegetables that are also being mixed in, giving you this sweet meat scent that hits you as you're stepping off the dock. The closer you get, you realize you've got to get there pretty quickly because it's starting to fill up with a lot of these soldiers. As you get to the food, it smells delicious. It's made for a mass meal for the number of people that are here, so this is their way of preparing as much as they can, so it's nothing meticulous. It's nothing gourmet, necessarily, but it looks delicious and it looks serviceable. Yeah, due to the nature of this being a small port and the military that are coming in through here. People live here from all over; you can see a spectrum of skin tones that lead you to believe that there are people both who come from the Ki'Nau, who are from the island, people that have settled from the Empire, folks that have come from Marquet and come here and even probably is a few super pale folks here that may have found their way over from Issylra. For the people that live here, it's a fairly diverse cultural capital, though a lot of it seems to be mostly ingrained, at least the basis of it, in the Ki'Nau people and the base of a lot of the Menagerie Coast. Pocket bacon, pocket boar. Well, you go ahead and ask. There's maybe four servers that are running around like crazy that are in the process of handing things out and taking stuff, but there is one individual you see, this woman in her late 50s, early 60s. Beautiful brown skin, big smile, a little heavyset, who seems to be looking over the place like she is the owner of this meadery. Looks over to you and, as your eyes meet, notices the look of, "I need help," and goes over and goes, "Hello, darling. "How can I help you?" "Well, I can help with any of these, of course." "What's your name?" "Beau. Well, a pleasure to meet you. I am Bentha Tamalos, and welcome to my meadery." "Call me Bentha, please." "Pleasure to meet you as well, darling. Well, how many bottles would you like? Do you want "to have glasses separately or do you want to just buy bottles and serve yourselves?" "Well, it's all pretty sweet. It's all brewed here with our island-cultivated honeybees." "I do as well, yes." "Mm... they're not immediately local. Would you like a tour of our hives?" (laughter) "I do have to ask, unfortunately, there is a tourist price for the tour." "Five silver." "All right. The bottles are 15 gold a piece. You wanted two bottles, that'll be 30 gold, and "you wanted how many cups? Or do you just want your bottles?" She looks up at you and goes, "Do not worry, honey, I get you, no problem. All right. I'll "prepare this." She does some calculations and goes, "All right, for all of that together with "your glasses for each of you, the meals prepared for each--" "Unfortunately, not much of a pastry opportunity out here on the Swavain." Her smile maintains, but the eyes go hard. But she goes, "No doughnuts. However, for "everything involved, that would be 35 gold for all glasses of mead, all food provided." "And five silver for the tour for this blue young woman over here." All right. The food is presented. It smells wonderful. The din is quite loud now as the various naval officers and naval soldiers of the Clovis Concord are surrounding the space and chatting, talking about bullshit. Some of it is in Common, some of it is not. While you guys are eating your food, anything else you want to do? The mead is quite good; it is very sweet. Even just finishing one glass, you're like, "Oh, this is dangerous," and probably going to give you a headache if you're not careful. What? Yeah, severe Ren faire flashbacks. As you guys are in the process of eating your food, a recently-awoken and somewhat harsh-looking morning Yasha wanders over. Comes by and slips it over. As you guys are finishing your meal and Yasha's quietly staring into the plate and eating with a distant intensity, like she's prone to-- Make an investigation check. Okay. Magic shops, just so you guys are aware, are super rare. There's one in Zadash, and there's maybe one or two in Rexxentrum. There's definitely not one here. They're a relatively rare thing. But herbalists are not too hard to find, and healing potions, while they can heal, the crafting of one doesn't require massive arcane knowledge. It's through knowledge of medicines and proper brewing techniques. However, the army has bought up a lot. There are two regular healing potions you can find for sale for-- marked up because you're at sea-- 70 gold apiece. You can try and haggle, if you want to. Depends on what you're looking for. There is a blacksmith by the name of Keisha Budan who does most of the metalwork for the ship repairs and other general goods that require metalwork around the island. As you approach the space she has-- you can tell from the large smokestack pouring out of the top of the forge that she keeps-- but as you approach, you can see a young woman in her late 20s or so, massive arms, her thick black hair pulled back into a tuft, and she has a leather apron on. You can see now a lot of metal reinforcements used for holding beams together in shipbuilding, and she's laying them out one by one as she finishes hammering and then quenching and then hammering and quenching. As you walk up, she rubs her brow. "Can I help you?" "I can do my best. I don't get many like your height in here, anyway." "At the very least, I'm looking forward to sating my curiosity." She takes it. "This is very good craftsmanship. I could not do this. Unfortunately, the break is very bad. "Do you have the other part of the weapon?" "If given maybe a week with the right materials, I could maybe try to work on it, but "honestly, your best bet is probably to go into the coast. We don't do much in the way of masterwork "weapon craftsmanship here on Bisaft. My apologies." "It has been very busy this past day or two." "It's a lot of commotion, but they'll be gone soon. We get waves of people coming through." She sits up for a second and looks you over. "Can I have a hug?" (laughter) She goes and takes it and cuddles you. "Yeah." "Thank you. You're quite fuzzy, and I was curious." "Any time. We're here on the island. Nowhere else to go." "There are worse places to live, I'll tell you that. Have a good day. What's your name?" "Caduceus. Keisha." "The pleasure was all mine." You walk away to the sound of (clanging) in the background as she goes back to work. Because spice trade and various-- spices, not spice-- trade here is quite prominent as well as other such materials in that same avenue, various herbs and compounds used in alchemical and medicinal purposes, yeah, you can find incense here, actually. It's marked up a little bit. Because it's Bisaft and because it's a trade post out in the middle of the ocean, the people can charge a little more and they know they can. Depending on how much incense you want to get? For a person burning incense in their house? We'll say about 20 gold worth, which would cost you 25 here. Okay. So you take 50 gold worth, but it'll cost you 60, we'll say. You mark off 60 gold, but you write down you have 50 gold worth of incense. All right. The bee tour. She takes you around behind the meadery. There's a jungle path that leads through the very lush, green trees, and it's a very humid day. The morning was a little gray in the sky and it looks like it might rain in the next few hours or so. She leads you through and is talking about how many years her family has been running the meadery and it's a wonderful place. There isn't much of an interest in mead out here in the island so she feels like she cornered the market a bit. She has friends that bring it to the other island towns and it makes a fair amount of money. She's very proud of it. As she's doing the talk, she leads you around. There are a small sect of wooden hive setups. You can hear already as you approach the slight hum of them. There's a young boy, maybe 12 or so, who is wearing a very thick smock with a hood, who is in the process of scooping out some of the honey. "Oh, well, stay here, preferably. Do not get close enough to let them sting you and if one's on "you, don't freak out and smack it, please." "The tour is not intended to bring you that close." She looks very confused and goes, "Okay?" Do you say that? She goes, "Well, if you want honey, I can get you honey." "Ah." "Misan!" The little boy goes, "What?" "Bring some honeycomb over here for a customer!" "Okay!" He cuts a little piece off with a dull knife and holds it on the edge of the knife and walks over. You see the bees covered up his arm and he puts it over and hands it to you. It's gooey. It's very sweet and very waxy. The boy heads back to his work and she's waving some of the bees away and goes, "Sure. "Let's walk back. I'll be happy to sell you a jar or two. How many would you like?" "Of course!" "Two jars. That'll run you five gold pieces." "All right." She claps her hands together happily and leads you back, telling you more about the waves of various traders and merchants that come through. Some individuals, some names, she throws out that she's met and flirted with and one that asked her to marry him when she was younger but she turned him down. You have no idea who any of these people are, but you can't help but be half-fascinated, because they're stories. You have two jars of honey plus honeycomb for five gold. ASHLEY and You're approaching right as they're about to leave from the hives. A fungal bloom you can do with Decompose. Druidcraft would be the creation of flowers, unfortunately. (buzzing) They're doing their business. They're not paying any attention to you. In the moorlands, they have-- It's a marshland, where you're from. You were given enough supplies for a week or so off of leaving Darktow, and you guys can create your own food and water. There's enough gunpowder for a dozen or so volleys of cannon fire. You can drop a gold piece and be good for the next two weeks on flavoring the food for you and the crew. At this point in the day, it's starting to get close to dusk. Which, Caleb, during this time-- As you've spent most of the day on the ship to your own devices, what are you doing? Correct. You have four books total, I think. One thing you notice about the sphere its arrangement is entirely different. Remember where all the places where you had shifted since you had gotten it from Twiggy? Since you've returned, it's like an entirely new sphere. It has completely refigured its surface. The bands have shifted. All the different places where you'd place your fingers and thumbs to try to move the different hemispheres are in completely different places. It seems that whatever you triggered to get you to the internal space and then returned from reset it in some way. The puzzle has started all over. That's easy enough to do. The jar of beads. The book. All right, so that's the spell book. The ink is not normal. It is faintly enchanted specifically for the intent of scribing magical things. For the purposes of scribing scrolls or scribing spells into spell books, the ink will make up to 500 gold worth of scribing. You still need paper, but essentially, any parchment can be made useful as if was the most premium of spell craft parchment with that ink. You have the books, too. The other books. One of which, after reading through, it is essentially a number of studies on the effects of alchemical compounds on corrupted plant life. There is one that speaks of public debate records within the forum of Zeidel regarding the moral implications of arcane experimentation on prisoners of Ghor Dranas and warnings of the war with the gods. It's a transcript of a debate forum. All you know about Zeidel-- make a history check, actually. From your studies, Zeidel was one of a number of extremely erudite societies in the Age of Arcanum that had harnessed crystals to make their city hover aloft. There were a handful of these in the Age of Arcanum that could travel across Exandria, cities that were mobile. As far as anyone knows, all of them had been wiped out during the Calamity. Zeidel, as far as you've learned, is one of them. That's all you know. Mm-hmm. The last one discusses the theories behind the ice fields and the underreaches of Eiselcross and the beasts that live and endure it. Eiselcross. E-I-S-E-L-C-R-O-S-S. Eiselcross, you know, is a rather large body of land to the north of the main Wildemount continent. It's considered part of Wildemount overall, but it's just a frozen arctic cap. It's separate. The Frozen Depths-- there's a large channel of water that separates the main body of Wildemount and Eiselcross, but aside from two very small ice fishing villages that are expansions of the Dwendalian Empire, it is mostly uninhabited. Nobody really goes there. There's a bunch of creatures that have spent a millennia or more living in that place that are extremely dangerous, and it's just snow and ice, so nobody goes there. Cool enough. All right. Eiselcross is far north of that. Off the map. You guys manage to make your way back. You manage to recover your 30 gold from the dockmaster, Podderan. You get back to your ship and you, Caleb, hear the rest of your party return as the rest of the crew begins to prepare for setting sail off the dock. All right. With that, as everyone gets prepared, Orly comes out from underneath the deck and turns to you and goes, "Captain, where about are we taking off towards?" "It's 'ar-chi-pelago'." "We'll go ahead and make sure we're heading that way." He turns around to the rest of the crew, begins giving a couple orders, heading over and getting his map out. Pull up the anchor and slowly, you guys begin to make your way out onto the Lucidian Ocean just as the sun begins to set. Now the sky itself has been pretty gray and cloudy, and you've been smelling the coming of weather. No more than 20 minutes after leaving, the rain begins. For most of this travel, you've kept an aspect of your consciousness looking out for errant weather, and there've been a few moments where some rains have come through-- that brief interaction with the Diver's Grave in which a storm was conjured, but it didn't have the same feel that you'd been hoping, whatever this draw was that drew you southward and to run into these friends again at the coast. As you begin to push further and further towards the direction of the storm, there's an excitement in your belly that you can't describe. As the rain begins to hit the deck itself, the endless patter of heavy droplets smattering against the dark wood, the winds begin to pick up a little bit, and some of the crew begins to look off. You see Marius glance off and go, "Captain, should we put up the storm sails? The wind's "picking up a bit." It takes them a little bit-- They start diminishing the presence of the regular sails and getting smaller, more durable sails pulled up in there. You're probably helping them with it. It's an all hands on deck thing to get this going quickly. With that, they begin to pull the sails into place. The wind immediately picks up again once the sails are back in, and the wind is starting to pick up a bit heavily. You see Orly glancing over the edge, his large shell slick with rain smattering against the backside of it, as he turns around towards you and looks at you through the darkness, the little bit of light there is from oil lanterns being held across the deck. Goes, "Captain, I think we're heading into a "proper storm." (more ominous) "Captain, we're heading into a proper storm." "Smartass." "We can if we take a few more days to--" "Aye, aye, Captain. All right, everyone! All hands on deck!" As everyone gathers to begin to ford out into the evening-- Your nerves are slightly set on edge as you can see the distant flashes of lightning arcing from storm to ocean, the heavy sheets of wind obscuring most of these bolts. With that, the rain gets heavier and heavier. I need you, as the captain, to roll a survival check for me, if you don't mind. I'll give you advantage on this. Well, that adds onto advantage. Yeah, it acts as a luck point. It actually technically is a third die, but you've already rolled. Okay, good. Keeping it steady in going in, the ship's handling it fine. The winds are heavy, but the repairs you made, thankfully, have brought the Balleater up to a very functional ship. The crew is experienced, and now that they seem to be a little more comfortable under your leadership, and with the help of the rest of the party - you guys have taken some time at sea to learn a number of skills that are helpful - your first bit of evening travel into the storm seems to be going well. It goes on for a few hours. The storm doesn't seem to be getting worse, necessarily, but the waves are rocking quite a bit. Eventually, into the early hours of the morning, sleep is going to have to come to some of you, at the very least. So you're going to sleep. Who's staying up for how long to keep watch? Or you can leave it to the crew; it's up to you. They're experienced, but you're the captain. You're staying up? Where are you staying? At the helm. You're staying there with Orly. Orly's staying with you. Anybody else? Okay. Standing at the back of the boat. Everybody else sleeping? The wood is creaking with each shift of the boat as the waves climb higher and higher, occasionally slamming into a valley between. As the rest of you are enduring the chaos of the rains above, keeping focused and keeping it steady, it's exhausting, both the attention required for you specifically and the hour being late. Thankfully, you slept in, so you can go on for quite some time. Yasha, where on the ship are you standing? The lines seem to be okay. Fjord's at the helm with Orly, so they're both towards the back. Probably closer to the bow or the foremast. Okay. In keeping this going, do you head back up to help Fjord, or are you heading to rest as well? It's hypnotic, the sound of rain, and the movement of the waves, and the flashes of light, and the rolling of thunder. You grab the edge of the rail of the bow, looking out straight into the storm that you're passing into. It's a blur of light and movement and darkness. The horizon beyond your vision is obscured; it feels like you're riding this into a tumultuous sky. You begin to fall into a trance, your eyes closing for but a second. We're going to take a break. We'll be right back in a few minutes. In the meantime, we do have our fantastic Wyrmwood giveaway from our friends at Wyrmwood! This is an awesome holly inlaid dice vault with burmese sal burl wood with a red interior. This is a gorgeous fucking piece. It feels nice. I want to keep it, but no, this has to go to one of you lucky winners. You have to move over to the Critical Role Twitch chat at twitch.tv/criticalrole to enter during the break. You can jump on back to Geek & Sundry after, but the keyword tonight is holiday. Put holiday once in the chat; more than once and you'll be disqualified. Exactly. One lucky winner when we return, from the US or Canada, excluding Quebec, as you know. We'll back shortly, and we'll see you then. [break] So the rest of you are currently either focused on helping on the ship itself or are down below deck, resting, sleeping, or concentrating on whatever is needed. Taliesin? Oh, you're just saying you're down there? Gotcha. It's important. As the sound of the storm and the movement of the ship begins to lull you into this trance, your lids grow heavier and heavier, and as your fingers tighten and clasp the edge of the bow, your vision goes dark...and you're kneeling. You open your eyes, and you're cleaning a fox you hunted and pulled from the nearby brush. You look across the surrounding Iothia Moorland, the sheen of the shallow pools dotting the flat swamp brush landscape, the grays and browns of the valley beneath the clouded skies that raised you-- this is the home you knew. The muted colors are comforting. You hear a voice shouted at a distance. "Yasha!" You turn and see the rest of your hunting party of the Dolorav Tribe. Walking towards you, dirty and smiling, is Zualla, her leather marked with mud, her brown eyes barely visible under her tangled hair. "That's a hearty "fox for one, care to share it?" The warmth in your chest fills you. There's a flash of lightning behind you. At that instant, you see Zualla, fleshless and bone, then darkness once more. Another subtle flash, but blue and muted. Another. A roiling ball of storm clouds grows before you in this veil of shadow, swelling as the interior sparks and flashes with light intensely, and they occur more and more rapidly as this sphere of roiling storm grows and swells. You sense something contacting you, and while it isn't speaking with words, you interpret it through language, through your mind. "Loss. Loss is excruciating. Loss is paralyzing. Loss is "inevitable. Loss can bring sorrow, bring hate, bring cruelty and darkness." Another bright flash. You see a muddied field of burning huts. Corpses lie at your feet, your blade bloodied. A figure turns to you, eyes aglow with yellow, their deep red skin and hooked horns peeking from beneath their folded wings. Their smile curls open. "Your anger is beautiful to behold, Orphan Maker." Another flash. Only the rolling storm remains. (thunder crash) The thoughts return, this voice coalesces into more of an actual throaty, deep timbre. "Loss can instead teach you what is "important. It offers perspective. It offers focus, might, the courage to protect what has not yet "been lost. To be alone, to push others away can prevent loss, but it also prevents growth, "strength, purpose. How much, how many will you lose until you find your strength?" The thunder gets louder and louder, cutting through the veil. You find your consciousness tug at your mind and slowly you begin to shake out of this fugue state, the sound of muffled rain once again growing loud around you, the cold sensation of it dripping through your armor. Another crack of thunder. As the dream begins to fade, the voice says, "Show me. Show me what is important, what is worth "protecting. This storm was birthed only for you." Your eyes flicker wide, and you're back on the edge of the ship. The wave hits the bow of the ship once more. You hold tight, your hair slicked down across your face as you look up, and with that, a single bolt strikes down slamming into the front of the ship. Where you expect to see splintered wood and fire, instead there is just a darkened spot, the impact muted. What you see there instead a creature, a man-like shape made of crackling blue energy. It stands your height, vaguely human-form, shifting with unstable power. Suddenly, two vibrant wings of lightning open from its back like an angel. It walks towards you. It's going to claw across the front of your body. All right. That is going to be a 16 to hit. What's your armor class? All right. As it claws across the front of your body, its hand seems to almost pass through the resistance of the armor for but a minute before you feel this shock to your system as it arcs through; you feel the lightning pulse through your body. You suffer eight points of bludgeoning damage plus five points of lightning damage. You were below deck, and there-- Oh, you're upstairs. You guys watched a bolt of light strike down towards the ship. All you see is this faint, dull glow, like a mote of energy that's rolling around. Make a history check. Yes. You've heard tales of something called ball lightning, bits of storm matter that just scatters across. It's usually innocuous and people either watch it fizzle out or get it thrown overboard. It usually happens in the cusp of a storm, and you watch it dance along the vicinity of Yasha. But that's not what you see. I need you to roll initiative. All right, it's going first. As you reel from it, reaching back for your blade, the creature seems to be intent on you, its form seeming to shift and bend with the wind and the rain. It's going to reach out towards you for two more strikes. That is going to be a 13 to hit? That's going to be a 16 to hit. That is going to be five points of bludgeoning and two points of lightning. It's your turn. Your skeletal wings flare out from under your back, your hair blown up from the wind and the impact of the wings flying out from underneath the shawl. It needs to make a wisdom saving throw, I believe? That is a six. It has no bonus. It is afraid of you for how long? All righty. Does it get to save at the end of its turn, or is it just afraid of you? Okay, got you. Oh, and then it lasts for a minute if you do the extra damage. Once during each of your turns you deal extra necrotic damage to one target when you do damage to it. It equals your level, so you do an extra seven points of necrotic damage once per turn to it. Keep that in mind. That's the end of the round. You guys look over and watch Yasha at the end, this mote of lightning dancing around her, rolling across, but slightly hovering above the surface of the boat's deck. Suddenly, she unleashes her fallen form, the wings rising up. Other members of the crew that are holding down the ropes see this and take a step back, not entirely familiar with this appearance. Correct. They're not frightened of you. They're just really spooked by the reveal. It's going to swirl around you; suddenly, it seems to move with pulses of energy with an unnatural speed. Whips to the opposite side and it is going to attempt to try and slash into the lower back. That's going to be a nine and a 21 to hit. Okay. That's going to be eight points of bludgeoning damage reduced to four because you're raging, plus four points of lightning damage. Oh, I'm sorry, it has disadvantage on the attacks; I need to roll that other attack again. Okay, still hits because it's frightened of you. It's going to attempt-- all right. It's going to attempt to move away from you. You can attempt to. I'll let you grapple as a reaction, sure. It's an athletics check for you; because you're raging, it's at advantage. Yeah, it's staying. You reach out and your hand passes partly through it and it goes numb, the field of sparkling energy lightly electrifying the skin around your hand. But you manage to get hold of something-- it's not solid matter, but something. As it tries to move away, you keep it there, barred in place. That ends its turn; it's your go. Go for it, you've got two attacks. Are you doing this reckless or not? 21 hits. Go for it. Describe to me your attack. As you're holding it with one hand and pulling the blade out... You're watching her reaching out and grabbing this small sphere of sparkling energy. She grasps it, grabs her blade, and strikes through with both hands arcing downward. Because you do have two hands, you'd lose the grapple because it is a two-handed weapon. But you also have sentinel, so if it tries to get away, you can hit it. Plus the seven once per round. 30 points of damage. You have two attacks every turn. I know it's been a while. I know you forgot your sheet. 12 does not hit. What was that? No, I'm afraid that does not. This first swing strikes through. You watch the spark flash with energy for a second. The second swing goes wide. It moves around, zigzagging as it curls around her. You want to do anything, or just watching? Okay, so you rush over in the direction of where she is and this entity. Back to its turn. Right there in front of you, it's going to attempt to use Anger of the Tempest. It pulls back from you-- it's no longer frightened of you. It goes from its defensive position to leaning in towards you. It looks up at the sky, and as a moment there's this slight smell of burnt hair that catches your nose before a bolt of lightning arcs from the sky and slams into you. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. You do have advantage on this. 15 does not make it. LAURA and You take 23 points of lightning damage, and as the bolt hits you, your whole upper torso goes numb. Your fingers aren't responding, and you drop your sword to the ground. The creature bends down and picks it up, and holds it up, looking right at you. Doesn't move. Your turn. Not anymore. And frightened doesn't force you to move; you just can't get closer. It's your turn. You can use an attack to try and disarm it, if you'd like. Okay, make another athletics check. You have advantage on it, because you're raging. No. It had a plus three and rolled a 13, so 16. As it pulls back, attempting to use Magician's Judge against you, you reach forward and grab it and, for a moment, you're both struggling back and forth. You manage to rip it from its hand, its fingers actually evaporating as you rip it from its form, and then reform where they were previously. The energy's still arcing around it, and it moves around to almost try and move to your flank, but you shift around to face it. You have your other attack, if you'd like. You call it at the beginning of your turn. 11 does not hit. Goes wide. Unfortunately your body's still numb from the impact of the lightning bolt. You reel from it angrily. That finishes your turn? Do you want to roll to get involved? Roll initiative. Six? Yasha, your initiative was? All right. Jester, you can go. I'll let you in. Go for it. As Jester touches you and the healing goes through, the entity before you, its eyes flare with intense energy, glaring right at Jester, and it swells to twice its size with her presence arriving. You watch this thing all of a sudden get brighter and more intense. You don't know what that means. Top of the round, its turn. It's going to take two more strikes at you. Let me see if it gets its lightning back. Nope. All right. It's going to make two more strikes at you, Yasha. Ooh. That's going to be a 20 and a 21. First one comes at you with ten points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to five, and five points of lightning damage, so ten total. The other strike, 11 points of bludgeoning damage reduced to five, and then three points of lightning damage. It appears to be growing in size. It's your turn, Yasha. How are you attacking with it? What are you doing to attack? It's whipping around you. Right now he's considered a large creature, so he's about five feet taller than you. You see only maybe a three-foot sphere, glowing in its face, but it's larger than the one foot it once was. All right, you swing, coming down towards where the leg is. 18 hits. Roll damage. No, every turn you do it once, plus seven. 19 points of damage on the first strike. Carves through the center of its leg area, you watch as energy dissipates. The leg goes (poof) and vanishes. Now it's hovering lightly with the other leg below it. You see energy sparking around where the leg's reforming. What are you doing with your second attack? Reckless for all your attacks this round, yeah. 19 hits. Roll damage a second time. Ten points of damage. You strike it again with the blade. It seems to shrug it off. It seems to be hardier than it was when you started this fight. Anything else you do on your turn? What, the necrotic damage? Divine fury you get once per turn. The necrotic damage from your shroud also happens once per turn. You have a bonus action, you haven't done anything. Is that your turn? Jester, you're up. What are you doing, Jester? Okay. How far do you back away? Okay, you back away ten feet. As Jester backs away, top of the round, it's now the entity's turn. First let's see if it gets its-- it gets its lightning back. It's going to first attempt to move away from you. It's going to hover away and actually begin to rise up in the air. You do get an attack of opportunity towards it. It is not reckless, though, because it's only on your turn. 13 misses. The swing goes wide and it hovers 15 feet up, near the mast where the lower sail is. It hovers up in this space and looks up in the air once more as its electrified wings unfurl and its arm goes up as it stares down at you. You see these large blue sparks where its eyes would be. As it pulls its arm down, the bolt strikes down and slams into you once more. Make another dexterity saving throw with advantage. That succeeds. Okay, and that's a good thing. You take 13 points of lightning damage and you do not drop your weapon. You shrug off the numbness from the impact, but it is 15 feet above you. Which is out of your melee range. It's up near the sail on the mast. It's your turn. Do you wait for a response? No response. Just the sound of thunder and lightning rolling. How do you move closer to it? It's above and back, up by the mast and the sail. About 15 feet above you. Not with the wings, no. Okay. I mean, they're designed for climbing. So you go ahead, and as it's up in the air, you rush over to the mast. Climbing your way up, you get to the edge and there is, where the sail is in the side, you're holding onto it off the point, you manage to get within melee range of it. You used your action to call out to the Stormlord and waiting for the response, but you're now adjacent to it. Okay. Jester? You move further away, get closer, re-enter, what are you doing? Okay, ten more feet. Next round. You watch its physical size reduce. It shrinks back down to its original form, matching yours one-to-one. As it floats there, its electrical wings not flapping but arced, held aloft at each of its sides. On its turn it does not get its lightning back. It's going to attempt to strike at you twice. As it rushes you towards the mast, trying to knock you off, the first one's going to be a shove attack to try and knock you off the mast. That's a natural one. No. It goes to shove towards you and you just pull in, and it zips past. At that point it comes back around to try and claw at you with its other hand. That's going to be a 20 to hit. That is five points of bludgeoning damage. It would be ten, but it's reduced to five. Then four points of lightning damage. It's going to attempt to move up further away from you, leaning further up and away from the masthead. Make another attack of opportunity, if you'd like. (background music, thunder) 21 hits. Roll damage. And because of your sentinel feat, you prevent it from moving. Ten points of damage. As you arc past with your blade and strike at it, attempting to move away, its midsection separates, and the lower legs fizzle out and no longer exist. Suddenly, its lower part of its torso flickers and then grows two new legs made of pure electrical energy. As the wind's blowing by, your hair being thrown past your shoulders, the rain beating down on your face as you're holding onto the side of the mast, leaning your arm in and then striking with your two-handed sword best you can, it can't seem to find its way beyond your reach. Now it's your turn. Okay. I'm going to say, because of the rain-- didn't do it last round, but as you're now up in this area holding on while also striking it, you have disadvantage on the attacks because it is a two-handed weapon. All right. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 25 points of damage to it. As it arcs past, one of the wings gets shaved off and falls and sputters and turns to particle sparks before vanishing into the storm. The wing begins to flicker to regrow itself. You have your second attack. Well, reckless is preventing the disadvantage. What'd you roll? No. This one, unfortunately, goes wide with the second strike as your arm's looped through the mast, trying to hold on. This time, the other wing manages to flicker in and it just ducks out of the way. Jester, staying out or coming in? All right. Back to the top of the round. The creature now-- you see the storm growing heavier and heavier around, the rain now is coming in heavy sheets across the deck. The crew's yelling off; you hear the shouting of the crewmen trying to keep the sails from tearing. You hear Fjord shouting orders to them from behind, but the words aren't reaching you. It's just noise lost in the wind and the sound of the storm around you. It's going to attempt-- we'll see. It does get its lightning strike back. As you're up there holding the mast, knowing it's coming, as the creature puts its hands up, the bolt strikes down once more, slamming to you and the mast. I need you to make another dexterity saving throw. Wasn't a great roll, so you're lucky on that. That's 13 points of lightning damage. But you drop your sword. Which falls onto the ground. That's its turn. What are you doing, Yasha? It's five feet from you. It hasn't pulled away. You've prevented it from leaving, but it did manage to knock the weapon out of your hands. The energy that it seems to create has this field of electricity. You do see the bright points where its eyes are that are these two beacons of intense electrical energy and the faint heart-like glow that emanates from the center of its torso. The full thing is made of energy from different intensity levels that almost give variations to colors of blue and white. Make an athletics check. You do not have disadvantage on this. You have advantage because of your-- Because you're raging still. Okay. 12? That's a 16. You try and reach out for it and it just manages to duck out of the way. You have a second attack. Are you doing another grapple or are you--? Go for it. With advantage, because you're raging. Yeah, it does not succeed on that. As it ducks past the one, you reach out, getting to the limits of your arm reach from the edge of the mast. As you do, your hand plunges into its chest. Next turn, if you can keep it up. As you're holding it there and it's grappled, its strength is zero. Your hand is plunged about two or three inches into the energy field that is its torso. You can feel your fingers vibrating with energy, and it hurts. It hurts, but you grit your teeth. Glaring past, you can hear the waves crashing around you. The ship itself is rocking with heavy momentum, but you're focused on the moment. On its turn, it's going to attempt to attack you. That is a natural one. You are lucky, but the second one is a 13 again. Wait, wait. Yeah, 13. Plus six. Shit! Man, okay. Oh, let's see. It does not get its lightning back. That would have been good to roll beforehand. Make a strength check. With the raging. It's okay. You begin to pull, and it's giving. As you're yanking, its wings are flickering and sputtering. Its arms are reaching up to grab yours, and its eyes that have been intensely burrowed toward you begin to go wide. Make another strength check with advantage. (crackling, pop) As you pull it from the chest, the body flickers out, and you're falling, the momentum pulling you off of the mast. You plummet 15 feet, slamming into the deck. You take five points of bludgeoning damage from the impact, reduced to two because of the rage. You crack down onto the hard wood of the deck. No fucking way! That's two episodes in a row. Your fingers are buzzing. You look, and there's nothing there. Because the lightning mostly impacted Yasha, the damage was minimal to the mast, thankfully. If she had succeeded on her save... Oh wait, no. You succeeded the last save. The mast is a little damaged, but with immediate Mending, I'll say you can undo it a little bit. Okay, as you continue to help keep this ship going through the middle of this storm, you make your way below deck and find Caduceus in his chamber. Since it was your vision, if you wish to look over the words that were told to you, keep that for you. To the dock-- To the deck? Okay. Okay. You make your way back up. It's still raining, but the storm's ferocity seems to have slowly diminished. It's still a storm. But you seem to have come through the bulk of its intensity and danger, and, from your experience, knowing you're probably starting to come out the other end. It'll be a few more hours of fording this, but you're getting pretty exhausted. Okay. Orly stays, but sends Marius to go ahead and wake Beau, comes back up, and she's in his wake. As the storm subsides slowly over the next few hours, and one by one, you all eventually find yourself feeling comfortable to return to your quarters for an evening's rest, the day's travel comes to a complete circle. The morning comes with clear skies as the distant gray fades in the north. Another half day's travel leads you to see a few bodies of land on the horizon. "I reckon towards them islands." He points over to the bodies of land on the horizon. Now, coming across the Gravid Archipelago-- and you'd know this a little bit, though you've not actually traveled to these before-- you can see this trio of islands are rather rocky and are only marked with small pockets of trees and jungle. Much of the land on these islands is steep, volcanic peaks with sheer cliff faces pockmarked with caves. Similar makeup as a lot of Darktow, actually; they were both probably created from similar volcanic activity from under the ocean, but not very welcoming-looking islands. With little safe land to navigate or exploit for resources, there is very few reason for ships to stop here. As you guys begin to make your way, you can see the two nearest to you and the third there. What would you like to do? "Okay." He goes ahead and continues the path of the Balleater. Nothing quite like high fantasy. This is going to go real poorly. This can be turned off. Fun device. Thank you, Jeremy Crawford, for showing me that at the Stream of Many Eyes. It was, yes. No, it just said somewhere between them. Yeah, whoever is helming that will be able to make either two separate perception checks or aid one to make-- Are you aiding Caduceus, or are you both rolling? Perception, yeah. With advantage. Okay. You keep an eye out there and spend the next hour or so, as you guys are coming into position, scanning the shores of each of the islands. There's no sign of civilization. They're mostly dangerous, jagged, rocky shores with pebbled beaches, and bits and pieces of hints of mangrove clusters at certain points of the shore, and elements of the occasional bit of jungle you can see in pockets or valleys on each island. For the most part, you don't see any sign of civilization. I'd say about now you guys could have reached what would be considered as close to the center as Orly can possibly maneuver the boat. I mean, there are caves all over the volcanic, rocky cliffs and peaks that come out each island. There are caverns and shelves. It was a violently-made series of islands. There is a moment of transition. It's a little awkward. (sploosh) Into the ocean! (swishing) Below, disappearing into the depths. Go ahead and make a perception check for Frumpkin. SAM and From the upper tier of the water, Frumpkin sees-- the water here is pretty clear. Frumpkin is a bit distracted by the heavy schools of fish that seem to be glittering beneath the surface and catching a little bit of the light that's making its way through the waves and causing this array of sparkles roughly 30, 40, 50 feet below the surface. Continues deeper, deeper. Make another perception check. Okay. First thing Frumpkin notices is the ocean here is not as deep as the Diver's Grave. It goes down maybe 300 feet. It's still deep, but it's a third of the depth you ended up having to go down. Frumpkin does see a shape amongst the clusters of seaweed and other bits of life that exist down there in natural ocean life. You can see chunks of ocean rock and volcanic rock, things that may have been lobbed from ancient volcanic detonations, and a tower; a sub-ocean tower that's leaning at an angle. You can see bits of broken rock based around it, and the seaweed is cluttered up around the base of it. Architecture, constructed. The top of it is somewhat jagged; it has sustained some erosion or damage towards its top, and it leads down inside. You can see shelves or bits where there may have been stairs or levels, but most of that has fallen inward, and from Frumpkin's exterior perspective, mostly hollow and disappearing into darkness the further in. With a 14, Frumpkin also notices a little bit of movement. Towards the very tops of the seaweed, there are humanoid bodies that are tangled in the seaweed a bit that appear to be floating there, and then one of them twitches and goes (moaning). SAM and Yeah. Seems pretty clear. Fumpkin didn't get a great look at them. It was uncertain one or the other, but they appear to be humanoid and wrapped in seaweed, and then-- One of them seemed to twitch and move for a second before going back to rest. At this point, it's early afternoon. Maybe one or two hours after noon. A familiar lightness in the lungs seems to take root inside. The air tastes a little bit different once the incantation is complete. You feel the familiar point of anxiety build in your chest since last time you dove. You see her leave for a bit, and then come back with an empty bottle of mead. About a quarter mile. A quarter mile to a mile to the nearest one. Actually, it's probably a little more than that, a few miles. "Understood." Yeah, it's about a mile to the shore, looking at the map there. Well... One by one, you all make your way into the ocean. (splashing) The water is cold, but you adjust and begin to find your way down. Are we swimming stealthily, or are we brazenly heading towards this temple? All right, so we're stealth missioning in. I need everybody to go ahead and make a stealth check, please. Okay. You're moving at a slower speed, swimming below, trying to be as stealthy as you can. Making your way further down, the filtering light grows dimmer and dimmer-- There's a certain point where I assume you're not trying to kill your weasel. I fucked with you for a few weeks when you were new to pet ownership, but then after a few close calls, I figured-- The deeper it goes, the harder it is to see, the colder it is-- a familiar sensation. It's clear water, so the light does carry further, and you guys aren't going as deep. You do manage to make out, as you get further and further down, the general shape of the tower within sight. It is comparatively murky because of the lack of light, but you can see the shape. You can also, based on the warning that Caleb had given, see some of the figures. You see about five of them, all tangled or wrapped in threads of this seaweed. Regular seaweed, not the strange crimson type that you came across in the Diver's Grave. What's the range on that? All right. You're going to have to get pretty close to try it. Okay, as you swim down to get within range to use your Eyes of the Grave, thankfully, the nearest creature doesn't seem to notice your approach. It is not undead. Make a perception check. Actually, roll at disadvantage because you don't have darkvision, unfortunately, and you're low enough now where the light is limited. 16's still okay. Now that you have a better look at it, at a closer perspective, the humanoid creature-- no clothing. It is thin. The limbs are a little stretched, but there are tiny fins at the edge of the arms. Along the sides of the head, there are gills. It has a strange glance, looking around like a sentry, almost. It's not undead. It appears to be more of a fish person. It has four appendages. It has arms and legs. Nope. What's interesting is that one of its lower appendages, its right leg, as you're watching, curls up and then unfurls. One of its legs seems to move similarly to one of the appendages of Frumpkin. Just one. The others appear to be human. One limb. Well, the nearest one you saw has. You aren't close enough to the others to make out what their physical representation is. You have five here that are watching. You have to decide, what is it going to be? Is it a brazen attack? Is it some form of a stealth mission? What are you doing? TRAVIS and They're clustered enough around where they're not going to not see you. You have nothing you're hiding behind. No, a stealth mission in this would be invisibility. You would have to do something where they cannot see you. Otherwise, they're going to see you. I mean, they're not a perfect ring of five around the top. They're all hanging right towards the top of the tower from the different layers of seaweed. They're anywhere from 15 to 20 feet from each other. Their arrangement is a bit uneven. Mm-hmm. Looking at them all, it looks like they're less wrapped and tangled and more like they have an arm or a leg that they've curled around it and are anchoring themselves to it. Kind of. You're above them. Okay. Caduceus has made that journey. As you continue to push in that direction, you get to the exterior of that range. They seem to have not noticed your presence, yet. All towards the same target? Okay. Those that need to roll attacks, roll attacks. Those that need to roll damage, roll damage. Nope! Natural 20. Both hit. 12 to hit? Hits. This entity, breathing under the water, watches this glimmer of arcane energy. Its attention turns up towards it as it releases the seaweed. Then (multiple explosions), and goes limp under the water as a small cloud of its own blood begins to fill the space around it. At which point, the other four look up and notice your presence from the lights that have been glowing and the death of one of its comrades. Roll initiative. Ooh, not good. Well, not good for them, either. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? LIAM and All right, that's Yasha. 15 to ten? Your movement is halved when you're swimming, except for Fjord. Your movement is halved while you're swimming, just so you know. You guys are about a hundred feet away, so it's going to take a little bit to get there for the melee folk. Caleb, you're up first. Caleb and Jester, the four of them now begin to quickly swim up in your direction. They swim fast. They swim faster than you do, at the very least. About as fast as Fjord does. Yep. You can see their webbed fingers and the spines and the scales of their arms and legs. They look like the Creature from the Black Lagoon, with a little bit of a slight more humanoid nose and mouth. They're now clambering up towards you in the water. What are you guys doing? Okay. Same one, or different target? It rolled a natural 20 again on its saving throw! Two natural 20s in a row. Oh no, this is Guiding Bolt, never mind. He doesn't roll anything. Wasted natural 20, Matt. Well done! It's okay. Roll your attack. 14? Yeah, that hits. Their armor class is 11. 14 points of radiant damage. It bursts and glows underneath. It's still alive. You see the blood splatter, and it has this glowing energy surrounding its torso, making it easy to see in the dark depths below. Awesome, that finished your turn. You cast Haste. That ends your guys' round, and you're backing away. Yasha, your turn. Okay, so movement of 15 feet. Dash 15 feet. That'd be your full round there. Get you 30 feet down, so you're about 60 or so-- well no, your movement speed is 40, so it's 20, 20. Yeah, you're about 60 feet away. You'll only move 20 feet, then, so you're 80 feet away. Got it, okay. You're holding your action to hit whenever it comes close. All right, that finishes your turn. Caduceus, you're up. What range? No. They're about a hundred feet away. They haven't taken their turn yet. What spell are you holding? Okay. Finishes your go. Nott, you're up. What's your interior range with your weapon? Correct. Automatically misses a target beyond the weapon's normal range. You don't roll disadvantage for the first half, the first 30 feet, but anything beyond 30 feet is an automatic miss because at that point it loses momentum and can't keep traveling. Which you just learned. You didn't need to. You guys fucking destroyed it. Before it came to you, it was already dead. You've learned. No, you do not roll disadvantage if it's ranged. It goes (shearing) and just floats. Okay, so you swim 15 feet. You can bonus action dash if you want. 30 feet in, that gets there. Now it's their turn. They all double-move 60 feet as they swim upwards, getting as close as they can. That definitely gets them in range for your spell. You were 80 feet, so no one gets into range with you. So Bane. You're hitting three of them with Bane. Okay, there's three of them that have not been hit. There's one that has. Got it, all right. Saving throw is wisdom? Sorry, charisma. Ooh, minus one for them. Fail, fail, and fail! They were 80 feet away from you, and they just moved 60 feet. There's 20 feet between the two of you now. All three of them fail. All three of them are Baned. Got it. Beau, you're up. They're about 40 feet from you. You move towards the one that is glowing. You swim down. That's 20 feet, so you're still 20 feet away. That's the additional 20 feet. That will get you right into range of the one Jester hit. It's like (snarling). As you get really up close to it now, with the glowing light around it, you get a good look at its face. It's covered in layers of scales and spined points that come out at various points of its facial features. Its eyes are yellow and a sick little side lens that closes. You have advantage because of the Guiding Bolt. 18 hits. Oh, but you do have disadvantage underwater with melee attacks, however. So it cancels out. What was your first roll? Ten misses. That first strike just-- it's too slow. 13 hits. It would be. Five damage. It's hurt, but it's still going. That's the end of your turn, Beau? Fjord, you're up. Your speed is 60 underwater, so you can go to any of them. You Aquaman it through the water towards it. Okay. The first one's going to be at one of the ones that's untouched. Yep. Both (whiffing). Next two? The second attack action can only be used for a single weapon attack or disengage, dash-- Yeah, so you have to use your sword. The falchion comes into your hand. You dash towards which one? The one with Beau or--? Oh, buddy. Underwater man not feeling very underwater-like right now, unfortunately! That's okay. Finishes your go. Top of the round, Caleb and Jester. It makes its saving throw. That's right. That's a natural 16-- What was the save? Yeah, it's 16. Sorry. That finishes your turn, then, or are you going to move closer? Stay put? All right, you stay put. Caleb. Okay. At your range, roll for attack. It travels half the distance, then sputters out, consumed by the ocean. You don't know. You move back even further. Yasha, you're up. You can move your 20 feet and get in range for any of them. Take your pick. There's three untouched, and there's one that Beau has done some damage to. Yes. One of those that's untouched yet. It's disadvantage on your attacks with melee underwater. Unless you're reckless, in which case they're straight rolls. Are you reckless? Go for it. First attack, single roll. 23 hits. Roll damage. This is your full 3d6. Okay, there you go. I'll let you do that. It's okay. Remember that. 20 points with the first strike. It carves through, immediately filling the water around it with its dark blood as it scrambles around. Looks pretty hurt. Go for it. Well, reckless is a single attack. Ooh, no. Second one goes wide. You're not used to fighting underwater. You've only done it a few times, and still, it's a big blade through a lot of resistance. That finishes your go. Caduceus, you're up. Natural seven. That's a failure. It has a minus one. The burst of light from underneath it hits it. It starts gurgling in pain. It is holding on by a thread. It is torn asunder, and you can-- bless you. It's obscured by a cloud of its own murky blood right now. That finishes your turn, Caduceus? Nott, you're up. 14 hits. Roll damage. (impact) It is done. Okay, go for it. 11 hits exactly. Even better! There you go. Definitely hits. Correct. You only get that once per turn. Eight damage. One (gurgling); the other one (gurgling). Two immediate fires. Two of them go limp and begin to float in their own ichor. Well done. Okay, finishes Nott's go. It's their turn. Now they're in range. Two of them move, one of them towards you, Yasha, and one's against Beau. Trying to-- it's been a lot. It's going to make two attacks against you with its unarmed strike. It's clawing at you with its hands. That is a 12 and a 19. Oh, no. Let me do that. 18. Misses! On the third strike, it's going to use its Piscine Anatomy. I mean, one of the other ones, maybe, but that one, no. This one, it strikes twice at you with its claws. Then its throat (bubbling, spitting), and it spits this tiny needle towards you. That's going to be 21. Oh, with another negative three. 18. The other one is going to attack you twice, Yasha. You were reckless, so it has advantage on its attacks against you. It would be 19 and a 16. 19 minus two, so it's a 17. 16 minus three is a 13. One hits you for six points of piercing damage, as it claws-- or this would be a bite. It grabs and bites towards you. Oh, no, it's a strike, so bludgeoning. It's halved to three. You take three points of bludgeoning damage. This one is going to attempt to grab you with the tentacle. Natural 20. You don't know. It's a critical hit, up to you. Are you canceling it or not? Okay. It still hits, but it's not a critical. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four, and you are grappled. As its tentacle reaches around you, another one that looks like it has a protrusion from its chest, almost like a third arm-- it's a tentacle that wraps around, and grabs at your torso, and is crushing you. You can feel faint bits of it that are scraping at the skin. That finishes their turn. Beau, you're up. There's the one that was attacking you that's right in your face, and there's the one that's grappled Yasha with a tentacle. Go for it. Two attacks with disadvantage. Eight damage, all righty. (impact) It looks like a person or a creature that had been hit with a staff pretty hard. 11 just hits. 12 points of damage. Its jaw snaps out of place. It looks like it's trying to bite towards you, but its jaw is limply unable to close. It's still going. Ki point. Two more hits. All right, roll your-- 11 damage? You crack again. The jaw actually tears off, and blood's filling. Its eyes are going wide. It's barely holding on. Okay, so ten damage, gotcha. All right, that's all right. And your final attack? Okay. With the last hit as its jaw snapped apart, you grab its head and ram it into your knee, and as you pull the leg back, the face is collapsed inward and it goes limp. Like, "Oh, god." Okay. That finishes your go. Fjord. One left and it currently has Yasha grappled in the tentacle and trying to crush her. Yep. They are. You may. As the body is floating in the water away, this cold sensation takes the nearby 20-foot radius around it. What little bit of light is filtering through here gets darker and a darkened spectral form emerges from its body. This ghostly wraith emerges from the corpse under Fjord's command. Go for it. That hits. That hits. Damage on both. 18 points of damage. Both bolts (impact sounds) into it. It's damaged, but it's still holding on and it's turning towards-- Dash in with the blade out at the side. Make your strike. You do not have disadvantage because of your armor, so that hits. Go ahead and roll damage with your blade. Well-- Don't you get to add your charisma modifier to the damage bonus? Pretty sure as a hexblade warlock you get to add your charisma bonus to attack and damage rolls, right? Am I wrong about that? You have in the past, I'm pretty sure, unless I'm reading this wrong. It should be. Yeah, it's based on your strength. Maybe it updated recently and that got reset. I'll have to double check because-- Correct. Well, it should be an additional plus four damage, is what it should be. Yeah, right. I'll fix that. Okay. After the two impacts and the sword slicing through it, it's still standing, but it's hurt. It's still holding onto Yasha and right now it's distracted, trying to figure out which way to go. That finishes your go, Fjord? Caleb and Jester, you're up next. There's one holding onto Yasha. That is a 13 on its Toll the Dead. And the-- 12 damage? Ooh. As the tentacle is grappling and crushing your body and you're trying to find a way to force your way through, suddenly, the tentacle just pulls away. You look over towards it; the tentacle isn't attached to anything. It is turned to chum in the water as bits of its scattered body begin to slowly dissipate and disseminate throughout the nearby sea. (thrumming) Magic Missiles impacting and scattering its form. Currently, there doesn't appear to be any of these creatures around you. There's just the darkness of the tower below and whatever the inside of it holds. It's hard to see this low in the water when there's so little light when it's not moving. Once it shifts, it's like watching a shadow out of the corner of your eye, with these two faintly dull, glowing yellow eyes. It's vaguely humanoid in its shape, but it's almost smoky and amorphous when it shifts and moves and finds its place nearby. Its head lolls around a bit, mimicking the shape and the movement of the creature before it was engaged in combat. Okay. You sending it in there by itself? Okay. You guys watch as the specter vanishes into the shadow of the tower below. Oh, just the entrance? Okay. It moves, comes to the top-- No, it does not open its maw and devour your specter. Fair enough. Yeah, it drifts in and once it hits the mouth of it, it's near impossible to see because it's just black on black until you see its head turn and you can see the very faint light of its eyes. It sits there, awaiting its next command. It's making you uncomfortable. As far as you can tell, there is just the one entrance. If you want to try and swim along the edges of it, you can look for other entrances. Perception check for Frumpkin, please. Okay. Frumpkin, having a hard time seeing through the clustered seaweed. Around its base-- I mean, with a natural one, yeah, you don't see anything. Frumpkin makes out no shapes or anything within that period. Frumpkin's not used to being an octopus, okay? He still hasn't quite figured it out. Okay. You're not in combat right now so we can just-- That's true, though you're getting really close to the end of it. It lasts for a minute so-- You guys have been chatting back and forth and doing this, and especially with Frumpkin looking around like that, yeah, Haste has worn off. No, you just get stunned for a round. But you're not in combat anymore. Yeah, a little heart palpitation moment. Okay. Are you going to do a spiral around it or are you going to go down one side? What are you doing? Are you just stopping? You guys are above it. At this point, you're about 60 or so feet above the top of this curved tower. It's at a slight angle, yeah. Okay. Are you doing it stealthily or are you trying to go for speed? All right. It'll take you a little bit, but go ahead and roll a stealth check. Yeah. Blessing of the Trickster. All right. Make a perception check for me, please, as you're keeping an eye out. Okay. Make a perception check. All right. As you curl down, there are slits. There are narrow peering points at different areas. You do see the occasional window or an opening where somebody could probably squeeze through. At the very base of it, there does appear to be an open doorway. Correct. Okay. You're keeping an eye out from the top. As you head down, you see that entranceway, look over, look around and see the other faint bits of windows. You look back down at the door and you see the very edge of something in the door. You see a yellowish-green shape, looks almost-- best I can describe it at this distance is a hint of crustacean that then vanishes into the doorway. Okay. You wait for 30 seconds. A minute. Nothing, but you get the sense that something noticed you. Okay, you all join Fjord. Okay. The specter drifts down to the center of the doorway and hangs there. Okay. The specter vanishes inside. Make a perception check. Yeah, you don't hear anything. Caduceus, just instinctually, you hear what sounds like the thrashing of water, the impact of scraping against stone, more thrashing, then silence. Okay, you're both now resting a distance from it. Make a perception check. With a lack of light-- you have your goggles, which helps-- you can barely make out shapes, and there's a few of them. It's like looking into a boiling pot where there's shapes shifting in different places, clustered. With what little bit you can see at your peripheral, it's like whatever texture the bottom of this temple has, the texture is moving. From the top? It's about 60 feet. Sure. Mm-hmm. You make out the same thing. Do you send them in? It's a little more than 60 feet tall to the peak. Okay. As you guys are paying attention and glance inside, there are different shelves of broken floors that have either fallen through or stairs that have collapsed where there's-- you can see where at one point, this temple may have been ascended by somebody, but a hollow on the inside towards the base of it. You can see three of these large creatures covered in chitinous-like armor. Their lower half has four legs that are insect-like, or you could say crab-like if you will, and then the upper torso has two large pincers that are jagged on the inside. Their face-- you don't see eyes; it's this smooth surface with a series of these weird worm-like tentacles that emerge from underneath the mouth that curl. As soon as the light hits, they begin to look around towards it and glancing up and they have all backed into it and that shape that you were seeing before was all three of them clustered together and rotating and moving in the space. They're not backing away from it. They're back-to-back, looking and preparing for whatever is the source of this. You are about 50 or so feet, let's say. If you want to get closer. Mark down your Bless. All right. Is everyone gathering on the floor? You've all descended down to the floor of the ocean about roughly 50, 60 feet from this open doorway that leads inside the temple. As you have your spells prepared, ready to delve inside, you take a breath of the deep ocean water in your lungs and exhale its thick, cold liquid and steel yourself for us to pick up in the new year. Oh, no, it did some. That's what you saw. That's what you'll get to see next week. Or no, sorry, in three weeks. Next year. The 10th I think? LAURA and I believe it's the 10th. All righty, we'll pick up for that. Ah! Bless and Bane. Two underappreciated spells. It's too much of that expression, Sam, tonight. It's been glaring at me the entire time. Well guys. Thank you so much. Ashley, I missed having you here. Not a bad year. A stressful and crazy year, but a very good year. We'll be back in a few weeks. Yeah, for Liam's one-shot! Love you guys. Merry Christmas. Happy holidays. Happy holidays to you guys. Man, we're going to miss you, but we'll be back soon! We'll keep tabs; we'll see you on the internet. In the meantime-- That's my wife, ladies and gentlemen.