Hello everyone! And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Slight delay there due to tech issues but we're back online and all is well. Tick issues are a problem-- It's a thing, I know. We're going to jump in here shortly. We have a guest who'll be joining us partway into the story. Before we get to that, let's go ahead and get to our announcements and get them out of the way because we're a little behind. We'll try and rush through. First and foremost, tonight our sponsor and has been our sponsor from the beginning and onward into the campaign, our friends at D&D Beyond. They've been awesome. Sam! You seem ready to say something? In case they aren't-- Bit.ly as in bit dot ly. I'm just making sure! There are moments like this that it makes me a little sad that you're no longer a bard. At least we keep the Scanlan alive with shit like this. That was awesome. Thank you, Sam. Oh yeah, we were there. Thank you D&D Beyond for allowing that to happen as well as being a helpful tool. Awesome. Next up. Reminder guys who have Amazon Prime, with Twitch Prime, you can actually subscribe to a Twitch channel for free. One a month with your Amazon Prime account. If you have it, connect it to your Twitch account and you can subscribe to Geek & Sundry or any other Twitch channel you are a fan of, for free. What is going on? I'm so scared. It's a really good idea to taunt the DM before you start playing. I think it works out really well for everyone involved. Of course, that's okay. I have a sense of self. Talks Machina, of course, will be discussing tonight's episode next Tuesday with our host W. Foster. Brian W. Foster. It's been a long day. W Foster! Isn't it though? When he dresses up nice? Tuesday at 700pm Pacific here at Twitch and Project Alpha to discuss what happens tonight. Check that out. Laura, you said there's a merch update. A single apron, get it now before it's gone. Awesome, thank you, Laura. The podcast for last week's episode is available for download where all fine podcasts are available on the internet. If you have friends listening to the audio version, they be caught up, now. After this episode probably, they'll start it now. You get it. We announced at Emerald City Comic Con we have a limited release, only 1000 copies of the physical copies of the Issue #1 of the Vox Machina Origins comic. (shouts of excitement) There'll be 1000 copies there. The limit is only five copies per person per day. (laughing) Thank you Laura for pointing that out. (exclamations of awe) Oh shit! Well, there you go. You can go tell him how much you liked his character tonight. Speaking of the comic book Issue five will be released on digital platforms of that very comic March 7th. Those that want to keep up and get to the next chapter of the six issue arc, issue five comes out March 7th so keep an eye out for that and we'll have announcements as that comes. You can look for a sneak peek at the artwork at geekandsundry.com. Once again, our campaign is pushing our fantastic friends at 826LA. They're an amazing charity group that takes underprivileged kids or children and young teens who don't have the opportunity to get in depth and learn about creative writing and give them a safe space for them. They do wonderful work. Check it out if you have the opportunity. See if you can give either financially or with your time and you can volunteer to be part of the program. It's really great. Other than that, appearances are as they've been and I think-- Love to you, Carol. All right guys, without further ado, let's dive into tonight episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] (laughter) We are. Welcome back. Last we left off The group of adventures in seeking a warband of gnolls which had attacked the city of Alfield they were passing through on their way to Zadash. Began to track them as to where they had retrieved a number of bodies, both dead and living of the civilians of the town and taken them with them. You eventually track them to an abandoned mine a number of miles away from the city to the northeast. You entered, narrowly missed a trap or two, managed to recover a couple of interesting items, delved off to the left side during the first divide of pathways, and came upon some sort of small ritual with a number of gnolls and some humanoid figure wearing bits of gnoll as an armor or cloak. Doing a ritual-- after he had left along with the previously armored gnoll that you had battled during the incursion at Alfield. You tore into a number of hyenas and gnolls that remained within the chamber and upon defeating them, took a moment to take a breath, get your bearings before hearing a muffled boom in the distance, some sort a low vocalization, some cackling, and eventually the scream of a woman saying, "No, my baby!" You began to run and give chase. That is where we're picking up this week. Grabbing your weapons and keeping your mettle about you, you charge further down the tunnel. The shaft curves to the right in a wide spiral about a few dozen-- there we go. What was that? It's okay. Boom! The tunnel continues in a wide spiral before eventually snaking a bit-- (laughter) --before sharply turning to the right. The tunnel straightens out before emerging into a chamber of-- goddamn it guys, this is serious! Lives are at stake here. Okay. (laughter) The tunnel straightens out before emerging into a chamber of mixed natural rock walls and simple stone work. Two other tunnels mark this chamber as a Y intersection or like a second common room. Similar to the one you that you originally encountered when you entered the mine. Tables and stools are strewn about the area, with a pair of hyenas currently picking at junk for scraps. You see bits of meat that are being dragged across the ground by them about 20 feet off to the left. Two thick natural pillars of rock currently stand as load bearing portions of the chamber breaking the open space while a crumpled section of the floor drops into a pit below. Two closed doors, to the left of where you're looking into it, are guarded by a skeletal gnoll and two standard gnoll warriors, one of which has apparently pulled a small child from one of the doors. The sound of muffled cries coming from beyond the closed door. Four other gnolls rush from within the chamber into the right tunnel exiting on the opposite side. What do you guys do? You watch as four of them rush into the other exit. There's an exit to the left and an exit to the right. They exit the room to the right and then there's three left two regular-- MATT, TRAVIS, and --and then one skeletal gnoll and then two hyenas that are currently picking at scraps. You can see as the gnoll pulls the child out, is currently in the process of crying and they're both looking at each other like-- still holding the child by the arm essentially-- but currently is bickering with the other gnoll. Let me go ahead and give you a visual. You guys are entering from this side. Yep. Essentially, over here-- You can place yourselves as you feel necessary. Off to this side, in whichever marching order you prefer. I figured as much. At first glance, it's hard to see, especially for those of you who are keeping their light low, because there is no light source in the chamber. Those with dark vision will be making out most of the details here. All right, that would put Fjord up at the front. Okay. Given this, you guys are deciding what to do. There's, in a brief moment of quiet, a loud boom that shakes the interior of the chamber. You watch as both the hyenas (squeal) look up, scared. The two gnolls immediately look about. Dust and rocks begin to settle and fall from the ceiling as it shakes and then comes to rest. A moment later, a cloud of dust and smoke comes billowing out this side of the chamber where the four gnolls had run previously. Then the rumbling settles. The gnolls themselves are spooked. Then, distracted from the child at the moment, both peeking over, the undead gnoll stands there glancing about, seeming unaffected by the current scenario. Passive perception, the highest on this would be Beauregard, Caleb, Molly, and Jester, I believe. Actually, Caleb and Beauregard would not, because they don't see anything. You guys hear sounds, and you're waiting for any inclination of light to kick in. You guys see the faint appearance of some sort of a flying creature, very small, emerge from the tunnel that had recently expelled all this dust and smoke. Frumpkin size. (humming) It hovers in the air in a few places, and then locks itself over here onto this far wall, on a higher perch. (snarl) Another moment passes, and the gnolls relax. You watch as the immediate dread of the recent explosion sound, the shocking and rocking of the room, seems to have passed over them. They both go back to paying attention to their recent vicinity, which includes the small child, which is still quietly sobbing in the painful grasp of this large curled gnoll hand. All right. The ones who are making the initial strike on this-- Caleb, you don't see anything. The ones who can see in the dark right now, which would be the four of you, you guys get a round of attack on this. Where you're currently positioned, I would like you all to roll initiative before we get to your round, just so we have it. Not so much? All righty. So-- No, that's worn off. 25 to 20? All right. 20 to 15. She's missing the initial round. Correct. This is just general combat. That's true. Sorry about that. That's okay. 15 to ten? That leaves-- you rolled a what? Nott, you're up first. You feel the tension rising and you're like, I'll follow their lead. That means you're holding your action. Yeah. You can see what's out there, you just don't notice the bird. If they don't know you're there, which this is currently what's considered an ambush round, you still have advantage on your first strike if they're not aware of your presence. Which means it would cancel out that disadvantage. You can, yes. All right. That hits. You do not get sneak attack on this because you do not have advantage on the strike. You had advantage, but you have disadvantage because they're beyond the-- You could try it. You've been stealthed as you crept up on this from the last time, so go for it. You already hit on that. Now you get a sneak attack, go for it. Not bad, either. As it's holding the child and it's looking down at the young boy, lifting it off the ground and bringing it towards its jaws as its teeth open wide, its lips curl back like it's ready to take a quick little nibble of the child's arm. Suddenly the bolt hits it in the side of the jaw and it's sticking out. (squeal, snarl) It starts looking over in your direction and it looks right towards you. (growl) No, it's your full movement to get there. Bonus action you can dash if you want to. Over here? That works fine there. Beau. Sorry. Beau, you lose your turn. It's been a long day, I'm sorry. Molly, you're up next. It is, yes. Over here? Okay. Same roll, puts him at a two, natural roll, so he's affected by it. All right, and he has disadvantage on his next attack roll. The skeletal gnoll turns to you (cracking). It seems to hear it and there's something about the speech and the connection to this entity that cause it to shudder for a moment. That ends your turn? Next up is Beau. Wait, no. Sorry. That's my problem, I wrote Beau twice on this. Jester and then you. Okay! Toll the Dead to which one? All righty. Constitution saving throw? That is going to put him at a 15. Sorry. As it seems to ring within its head, the impact of the necromantic magic, currently still reeling from the pain in the throat from the bolt, it seems to shrug it off, unaffected. Then Fjord, you're up. Right there. All righty. Go for it. Roll for the attack. Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 16 points of damage, all right. As it's standing on this upper portion of the rock floor, it glances back as you guys enter. You guys see a flash of light from the arcing of the arcane energy as it streaks across and slams into its body just in time to see another shadowed shape emerging out of this tunnel to join the fray. As it falls back (snarling, chattering). That's going to end the initial round of combat. Now we're into the initiative order. At the top of this, you guys glance over and the four of you, at least, see this shape begin to emerge from around the wall. You see this tall, spindly humanoid figure that begins to curve around the side. Khary, if you want to join the table. (cheering) If I can have you roll initiative when you get settled in there. You, having succeeded at some of your other business, begin to creep further into these tunnels and suddenly see a cluster of unidentified individuals rushing in here and attacking these gnolls in front of you and the surprise of it apparently puts you off for the moment. We'll come to you in just a moment. Good to know. At the top of the combat round, Nott, you're up first. The surprise round. The humans can't see anything, unfortunately. Everything you'll be doing will be at disadvantage after this point. Around here? Back over here? Go for it. No, because you're not hidden. 20 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Eight points of damage. That'll do it, actually. As it's holding the child and lifting it up by the arm in the air, it looks like it's ready to run away and grab it with it. As it turns to flee, you catch it in the base of the skull and it falls to the ground. The child falls prone onto the floor next to the now lifeless gnoll body. It looks to be a young boy, probably between six and eight years old. You're not quite sure of the age. You haven't got a strong bead on it but he looks to be humanoid. Around that age group, you'd assume. 30, and then you can use your bonus action to dash if you want to. That'll do it. You can get right to the little boy. As you run up, the little boy's like, (screaming) Just starts screaming bloody murder in the tunnel. [laughing] (screaming) He starts crying even louder, somehow scared of you more than the gnoll. [screaming] That's your turn, Nott. Beau, you're up. You're hearing all these sounds, but you can't see anything. You can't move in there if you hold your action, but you can move in and then hold your action if you want to. You're just not quite sure where you're walking. He's easy to see because Molly has this faint, luminous glow around the sword from his right. You see that as a beacon. You're like, "That I know, that I can follow." You cozy up right next to Molly and carefully prepare yourself. What action are you holding? If any. Correct. Okay. Dodge action. You're just being careful. All right, ending Beau's turn, Molly, you're up again. Okay. Go for it. Do you want to be on the higher ground here or--? Yeah, you can. And your off-hand? 15 does hit. Good to know. End of Molly's turn, Jester, you're up. Yeah, he's been damaged, yes. All right. That is a 14. Sorry. As you try and release the energy once more, it can't quite get a bead on the gnoll's head. It's moving around and dodging and you can't focus on it. Okay. As you're fussing with this side, that's the end of your turn. All right. Caleb, you're up. The chamber erupts into bright light like there's four torches now lifting brightly at the entire space. Bright visuals there, you can now see the child on the ground being scared shitless by the goblin trying to help. The undead gnoll that's currently locked in combat with Molly. You see the two hyenas that are both snarling and getting ready to pounce on whoever comes too close. The one wounded gnoll over there. As well as, if you'd like to describe yourself. (exclamations of excitement) Yes. So. Caleb, do you wish to move? Caleb, do you wish to move? All right. Fjord and the gnoll going at the same time. What are you doing? As this gnoll here has taken the impact is going to rush over towards Mollymauk to attempt to take a strike. While another gnoll who's bloodied and partially crushed is now hobbling its way up out of this tunnel and spins around to see you up against the side of the wall (growls and yips). All right, Fjord? That hits. The gnoll's going to be striking you. That's a three, that's not going to happen. No. All right. The reason it misses is right as it swings towards you, Fjord raises the back of the sword and fires a blast of eldritch energy that hits the back of the gnoll's shoulder as it tries to spin and strike you. As it does, it goes wide. It pirouettes on its foot and stumbles back into the open hole. (high-pitched yell) Yeah! You're a ways away. It's hard to see. Described your initial description of the room, though, so now you know. As you, who has not given your name yet, but you turn around and see this gnoll as it looks towards you. It's leaning towards-- normally, it would be seven-foot, but it's hunched and wounded and as it turns down, it snarls. Takes its spear and attempts to pin you to the wall a bit. That's going to be a 12. What's your armor class? 15? It does not hit. As it swings, you push out of the way in time, parrying it with your hand and your cane off to the side and it smacks into the stone and sparks off of it for a second, hitting flint. All right, that ends the gnolls' turn. The hyenas go. Both of these hyenas now, turning around and seeing what's happening are going to rush forward. This one is going to run up alongside and attack Molly. This one is going to rush over to Nott. Attacking Molly, that's going to be a 16 to hit? All right. It's going to be-- --two points of piercing damage. As it snaps up and bites the edge of your foot, you have to kick and shake it off on the rocks to get it to let go. The one that's striking towards you, Nott, that's going to be an 18 to hit? You take only one point of piercing damage. It gets one little bite on the side of your elbow and you immediately pull away and kick it instinctually in the chin, going (yelps). The kid is now freaking out of his mind as now there's, from his perspective, two snarling beasts cornering in. That's going to end the hyenas' turn. All right. Your go. Yeah, it's right up against you. If you feel the need, yeah. Certainly! Is that a wisdom saving throw or constitution--? That is a three. A natural two plus, actually plus zero. So two. Yeah, that fails. 13, I believe. All right, cool. Go ahead and roll the damage of that. Well, it should say it on the spell there. 12 points of damage! As you turn towards it, describe what you do with your spell as the gnoll pulls back with its spear. (whipping sounds) As the third one hits, there's a burst of energy forward. You watch as the gnoll gets blown back, slamming into the stone wall and falls back to its knees before getting itself up. It was previously wounded, now it's on death's door. It looks like it's starting to hobble and try and flee. Do you wish to move? That finishes your turn. At the top, Nott, you're up. Okay! What is the spell save on that? Oh, it's a spell melee attack. So go and roll-- No. You try and reach out, but the snout is too slobbery and your hand slips off of it and it discharges the spell having no effect. (yips) All right. Yeah. There is an overturned table. Yeah, these are overturned tables over here. Oh, right next to you. Yeah, you're right. Right there. You can, yeah. As you drag the child away, while you've disengaged, you pull the child out of the range of the hyena and it sees the opening and snaps out towards-- (chuckles) The hyena bites down and its jaws clamp into the child's clavicle and chest. You hear this clenched scream that's immediately muffled as you watch a bit of blood begin to pour out of the side of his mouth. As you pull the child from its jaws, the child is alive. For now. Unconscious and bleeding out. (groaning) That ends your turn, Nott. Beau, you're up. Putting you there easy enough. Roll some damage. That's enough to do it. As you kick, the hyena gets launched and arc through the air, slamming into this table which busts it up against the wall onto its side and you can't even see the lifeless body of the hyena. It's currently buried beneath the overturned table. That's your first-- It's an action to use a healer's kit, unfortunately. You still have some movement. Okay, so you get down with Nott at this point and you're trying to think of some way to apply pressure to prevent the bleeding. Okay, that ends your turn. That brings us to Molly. That's right, I forgot to put the undead guy on the initiative order which he would have gotten a round. We'll say you and him go simultaneously at this point since you engaged him. That's a 13 to hit you. What's your armor class? Yeah, even as it goes to strike at you with some sort of rusted battleaxe, you still manage to lift your foot out of the way and strike down towards it. That's adding your wisdom modifier? That'll do it. You shatter it with a strike. As it attempts to swing towards you with the axe, you duck out of the way, spin around, and backhand it with your right enchanted scimitar, watching the bones (boom) explode and scatter across the ground. Like so many pebbles being thrown across the floor. Go for it. That hits. Roll damage. Yeah, you do. It gets down and jumps to pounce towards you and you lean back and kick it and it tumbles down to the darkness below. You wish to move? Here? Gotcha. That ends your go, Molly. That brings us to Jester. You would've, yes. Are you going to healer's kit, Cure Wounds, what are you doing? You don't have to make a check for that. You get down and start pulling heavy rolls of soft cotton fabric and various balms to help treat the wound, and help staunch the flow of blood and bind the child to the point where it's no longer on death's door. Perfect, that ends Jester's turn. Caleb, you're up. Right there you can barely see the one across the way that's on the ground getting up. Okay! Caleb needs glasses. That ends Caleb's turn. The gnoll's been wounded. It is going to take a-- He's going to take a longbow off its and looking over and seeing the Fire Bolt that almost struck it, it's going to spin back towards you and pull and arrow. It's going to take a shot at you from across the way, Caleb. This one remaining wounded gnoll is going to take a shot at you with its longbow. Just checking real fast. Yeah, sure! You're well within its first range increment. That's a natural 20. However-- Oh, that's good actually! He rolled a one on the weapon die. It was a d8, it could have been a 16. Two plus two, four points of piercing damage. That could have been a lot worse! The gnoll released the arrow. As it hits you in the stomach, it comes piercing out the other side, pinning your jacket to you torso. You feel like the pain and the warm pulse up your back from the wound. It's almost numb at first and then you feel the shock hit you as the gnoll turns and runs this way. And he's way over there. That's going to ends the gnoll's turn while you're going Fjord. Because you're going in the same round as this is happening, so you technically could intercept. The Hex is on him. A 16? 16 hits, actually. You needed a 15 to hit. As it turns with its bow, Fjord runs around. Holding your sword out, another burst of eldritch energy smacks into the back of the gnoll. You hear (screeches) as it falls to the ground and slow bits of curling green and blue eldritch flame begin to burn and consume the corpse before eventually it goes out, leaving most of the body intact. Its back shoulder blades now a black cave where its body once was. That being the case, the combat has come to an end. Correct. They're sets of ears. There's the one there and then the one that was killed there. Perhaps. The child is wounded, but the child's wounds have been tended to. He's unconscious, but is no longer in immediate danger of dying. He'll eventually need rest. Perhaps some doughnuts. 13. He's generally pretty forthright in speech, charismatic figure, you don't get any sense of any immediate lying or conflict to the words he's saying. You're also not getting a full read, either. Quite handsome. If you'd like to describe how handsome you are. As your lights begin to slowly drift down into the hole, they get about 50 or 60 feet down before you begin to see the bottom of the shaft. It looks to have been an intentionally created well-like hole that has since seen disuse. Currently ends into rocks and rubble. You see the broken body of a gnoll and the broken body of a hyena down at the bottom of it. The most you've been down was the opposite side of this tunnel here. There was a group up here where you had been working with previously, but only recently decided to delve deeper once you had made sure that those few were safe. Make an investigation check. Best you can tell, it doesn't appear to be trapped. It does have a simple latch that is only accessible from the outer side, but it is not locked. A moment passes. There's no response, but you hear the faint sniffing and whimpering of somebody on the other side. You lift the small latch and pull the door open. First it hits you, a strong smell of decay. You see the back of this room is filled with piles of bodies or parts of bodies. It looks to be maybe four people in total that have been placed here. Then there's one living woman, in her mid-thirties or so, who is wearing a dirtied apron. She's covered in dirt. A spatter of blood, you don't know if it's from her or not. Her hair is ratted. She looks to be human. She's currently huddled with her knees to her chest and there's tear streaks down her face. Yeah. As you open the door you watch as Shakäste begins to approach and take the space. You watch as there's a brief moment of confusion, and then an expression of acknowledgement comes across her face. She reaches up and takes your hand. She goes, "Thank you. Thank you." She turns around, and she goes, "Oh my god!" She runs over to him and immediately picks him up into her arms and begins to hold him. (crying) "Thank you. Thank you." She's rocking the child in her arms, quietly rubbing his face and wiping a bit of blood off of his cheeks. "There are a few. I haven't seen, but I've heard voices across the way, and they took a number deeper in, before they locked me in." You unlatch it. You watch as the mother, who's currently running her fingers over the hair of the boy, says, "Jules, it's okay. It's okay, Jules." She pulls him in. The other door, as you open it, a familiar sight. It looks like there's three bodies in here. These bodies seem to be placed in here for some sort of storage, for the time being. There is one figure you can see, a man in his older years. Half-elven in appearance, his features are a little sharper, a little more elven, but not fully. His hair is dark-brown, black to gray, and salt and pepper on the sides. He looks as disheveled as the woman you just uncovered. He's alive. "I'm the only one." You get up, and you can see now, there's a large claw gash across his midsection that might be infected. "Who are you?" "I mean--" He points back and says, "I don't know most of these folks, I was just passing through. We were bringing some of our armor-wares up to Zadash when we were waylaid on the road. "Oh, we were taken on the way to Alfield. We were almost there. They hit us right as they were reaching the city. We had no chance." "We were just arriving in Alfield when it hit." "You're telling me." The woman has come up once again to-- That tunnel's not operational. You have this way, which appears to go deeper into the mine. This way, which backtracks where you guys come from. Not too long, maybe 20 or so minutes back to the surface. One after another, you take the remainders of the previous battle and roll them into the hole in the center. You can search if you want to. You could drag two. Because you're pretty strong, you could drag two bodies. Everybody else can take one each, I think, based on your strengths. You can take none. All right, so two of you can make investigation checks on this one. If he's assisting you, yeah. In a quick glance through, a lot of it appears to be pickaxes, shovels. Most in here seems to be tools and anything of worth has been ravaged or taken. You find a few bits of rotted meat of indeterminate origin, that you immediately shrink away from. Okay. There you go. Nothing in this chamber, unfortunately. This one has either been picked clean or didn't contain anything of immediate worth in the process. I mean, there are plenty of bodies you could rummage through if you wanted to, but. You can make an investigation check, if you'd like. Roll a d20 and add your investigation skill bonus. 15 as well. All right, so. Not in this chamber in particular, but as you guys are going through the other tunnel, you glance over in one of the overturned boxes and you find another familiar object, one of which you had used previously. Another singular stick with a long explosive wick on the end. You have another piece with you. As he says that and turns, you watch as the small black hummingbird perches on his shoulder as he continues to walk. I'll have you all-- You can't make stealth checks. You're dragging bodies. Who's carrying; how many bodies are you bringing back? TALIESIN, TRAVIS, LIAM, MARISHA, and That's four, five, six, seven. Make a perception check for me. Okay. You guys carefully make your way back up through, trying not to drag the bodies over heavy bumps or rocks, eventually making your way out of the main entrance way. You notice a trap that you had deftly avoided multiple times getting people in and out, of a large tree trunk that had been suspended in the roof to swing down when triggered, had been triggered and is now hanging there. Apparently somebody made an unfortunate mistake making their way through. You all eventually find your way out into the daylight once more. The woman, who's now introduced herself as Herma, and the older half-elf man, Petrov, all step out into the light, blinking, bleary in the sudden influx of light. As soon as you make it into the open sky, you can see this breath of relief wash over both of them, and the young boy is now starting to come to consciousness again. Goes, "Mom?" She goes, "Shh! It's okay; it's okay." She looks up over towards Shakäste, and has more tears in her eyes, and goes, "Thank you." "Thank you all so much." You lead them over through the hills here, that cluster around where this mine once was, around the corner there appears to be a shed that's been long abandoned and locked up. As you approach, you have been here previously. "Is that you?" The door opens and there you can see emerging four survivors, also from Alfield that, with bright eyes, welcome the arrival of this strange traveler, as well as the three other survivors you've brought in. As some of them begin to reunite with people that are familiar to them, people who live in Alfield and know each other, they begin to hold each other and take a moment to relish in this renewed moment of life. Then they begin to pour over the bodies that have been recovered, and they begin to identify them to each other, and then sadness takes over. Then once those waves have passed, individuals begin to go up and thank you, and take your hand, and a few of them are like, "Anything I can give you, please, just let me know. Thank you so much." It's a lot, to have at once, and for many of you an experience that is different and new. Take it as you will, however you wish to, but you also know time is of the essence, and not too much time can be spent on this. All the bodies are placed in a small pile and a large heavy piece of canvas material is placed over them to hide them. The shed is closed and locked, and they all seem to feel, at least for the moment, comfort and safety in this space, as you all begin to delve once more into the mines beneath the hills. I would like you all to make a stealth check, please, as you progress further in. Universally, you guys are all confident in your ability to delve without being seen, even making up for those who maybe not have been a less bumbling experience making their way in. You make your way back through the familiar tunnel, and you can now see that the right tunnel, the one that you had previously seen the pitfall and decided to not head down into, is now a large cluster of rock and rubble. You progress down through the ritual area, carefully avoiding a scattering of metallic ball bearings across the floor. You see an altar with candles on it that have all burned down entirely, except for a few tiny flickers. Is there any light source you guys are bringing down here with you? All right, the balls of light now float as you progress, giving everyone who needs it sight. You head down into the familiar chamber where this last fray occurred, carefully avoiding the large hole in the ground. This is the only other exit from this chamber. You continue forward. Who's taking point, and what is the marching order, please? You may. As you take a moment to continue focusing, as you do, through the vision of your bird, (hovering hum) coasts down through the tunnel before you to keep an eye out. Make a perception check for your bird, please. Roll a d20, and add two to it. 17, nice. The bird's perception, not his. She's pretty quick. All right. (hovering hum) Okay. As the Duchess moves further and up to the platform, the Duchess can see another portion of the floor that is collapsed inward into another falling pit that rests against the wall on the opposite side of where these stairs ascend. The tunnel curves to the left immediately, where this hole is on the top, and where it continues down there appears to be a large archway where there was once a set of double doors. The doors have been broken off the hinges and are not visible at current sight, but to each side of the frame, you can see two skeletal gnolls with bits of flesh and skin hanging off their bones and rib cage and snout, sitting there like silent undead sentinels looking around. (hovering hum) Charging back to the tunnel, back to your shoulder. Down along to the grade? (ball bearing bouncing) Eventually, you can no longer hear any noise the ball bearing makes as it continues out of your earshot. Okay. A minute passes. Two minutes. You don't see any indication that anything noticed or heard. You may if you are going to try to stealth it. All right, so make your stealth check and add a d4 to whatever you roll. Plus the d4? Not good. 17. Okay. It's just Nott? You're going as well? The two of you begin to make your way down the hall carefully, ever so carefully, about 60 or 70 feet towards the bottom where you can both see the grade begin to turn up. Fjord, you discover why you stopped hearing the ball bearing, as suddenly you take a step and your foot slides up from under you. You try and catch yourself and you manage to do so, but you dislodge a rock that begins making more noise than the ball bearing did. At which point you hear (growls and howl) It's down below the grade and out of sight. It's just the rock that began to make its way down. Okay. So! You do take a heavy swig off of your flask, thank you. Both wait carefully holding your action until underneath you can see what emerges below the lowest part of the curving tunnel roof, a gnoll snout begins to protrude past. You can see the arrow already nocked in the longbow as it turns down and turns and glances up the tunnel to meet your guys' vision. Right now he's about 30 feet below you. Go ahead and roll an attack. Yep. Just hits. Misses. At this point, your Hex has faded. Since you guys hadn't left before. Yeah, had you guys taken a short rest when you were up there or not? It would. It's up to you guys. It may or may not affect things. All right, so before we jump into this, we'll say you took the short rest, which is an hour, so you guys can use your hit dice. You hadn't taken any damage, Shakäste, so you don't have to worry about it. That does not come back on a short rest. Yeah, it's a long rest for you. (background music) Yes, under hit points. It's under the short rest. All righty, so, with that the case, you've taken a short rest. Now back to the current moment. You both fired. You missed, you succeeded to hit, go ahead and roll your damage on that. 14 points of damage, all righty. As it looks up and gets hit in the snout and it looks back up and you can see the black, charred exterior of its head, one of its eyes is now ruined and he (growls). Its tongue is dangling out. You can see blood and slobber across the front of its chest as it looks up and gets ready to release its bow strike at you since you made the hit. That's going to be a 23 to hit. Natural 18. That's an eight on the die, that is ten points of piercing damage to you. Right, at this point you guys have now begun to head down, yeah. 18 hits. Hits. Roll damage. No sneak attack, unfortunately. All right. Damage on you. The Guidance only helps for the next six seconds, so it helped him with the stealth check originally. You can do it whenever you want to as an action. As the gnoll pulling back its arrows, about to give out a large bellowing cry, makes a large inhale as it pulls back a second arrow and then both of you slam into it and watch as it falls to the ground, dropping its weapons that clatter against the stonework. It's not longer moving as you guys catch up. Okay. You drag it back in, while you're down you make perception checks, please. If you're helping yeah, both of you. As you rush down and grab the body, you glance up and whereas previously he described there was the singular gnoll and the two other skeletal ones in the opposite side, it appears that since it was given some indication of nearby sounds and it made that brief call before it began to approach, there are a few more gnolls that have appeared at the top of the platform above where the stairs crest. No, they do not at the moment, but only because they're not looking at your direction. As soon as you see it you immediately drag the body out of the way. I would like you both make a stealth check to try to quietly drag the body back. You both don't drag it, you both grab an arm and a leg and very painfully lift it up without making any sound and pull it out of range up the grade out of view as you watch one of the gnolls turns its face in your direction barely passing seeing you guys yank it out of sight. You saw three visually appear. To give you perspective on this, because it looks like we're going on that direction. (cheering) You now see. This leads into the grade that head up in an angle here where you guys originally shot the gnoll and dragged him out of the way. You guys are over-- You're up in the tunnel here. It angles down there and this is where-- They haven't noticed anything yet. You guys are up in this way, and this is the layout here. You may. Yeah. The Grand Duchess makes her way down to the tunnel up. Let's see if they see her. She passes them over. There is one perch up on the side of the wall right above where this large pit is on the opposite end. She perches right over the side as two of the gnolls are still (growls). One of them begins to look over the table and underneath for any possible source of the noise earlier. One of them glances over his shoulder as the Duchess enters, begins to pull an arrow out of the quiver. (bird noise). (growl). Okay, you reduce your max hit points. Yes, please. Constitution saving throw. Six, no, that's a failure. You lose Hex, sorry buddy. It's pitch black aside from the globes of light that he has. There's nothing to make brighter in there. For that instance, make a standard wisdom check for me. Roll a d20 and add your wisdom modifier which I think is-- As you feel the Duchess return to you and just past the vision as the Duchess passes over you hear the sound of the fingers gliding across the bowstring. You hear the creak of the wood as it's pulled back. You know exactly what that sound means as you see through the Duchess's eyes. You focus on the ground below and cause it to quake somewhat. Rolled a natural five plus four, with that shaking it causes the-- it's very localized in the area, the gnoll (yip) as it does, it releases the arrow and it whips past and shatters across the rock. The Duchess returns to your shoulder. What are you guys doing? If this is the case, what are you guys doing? They're aware of something in the vicinity. The first gnoll announced there was something fishy. They don't know what it is or where you are, but they're on guard. It's possible. You may. As you have this conversation you turn back and you watch as Fjord, the rather handsome looking half-orc, finishes muttering something under his breath and the shadows coalesce into this dark, cold, icy armor that shatter into bits of shards around the exterior of his leather armor. You watch as this mist rises off of it. This guy's moved forward to here. This guy's moved forward to there. They're in the process of searching the area, looking down the tunnel. You saw them, the skeletal ones there. You guys are up in this tower right now, so you'd have to send Duchess back in to see. All right, on this guy there? LAURA and As you guys slowly bring your way to the base-- which in order to get you in the space where you can see them, that would put both of you rushing right down to the base in that area. If I can get a marching order to where the rest of you are, by the way. You guys rush forward to take the line as they-- TRAVIS and As you all rush in below, you both release Sacred Flame and Toll the Dead on the guy in the blue. That's a wisdom saving throw for Sacred Flame, I believe it is? That's right. A wisdom save for you, that's a 13? Yeah, it succeeds. Sorry. For you, it's 13 as well for your DC. That is a five. Sorry. (laughter) Roll damage for the Sacred Flame, which should be-- What's the damage on the spell? Yeah, so it's 1d8. Go ahead and roll 1d8 radiant damage. You watch the light burst in. You cast Blur. That all happens in a quick instant as they rushed forward and you guys caught up. Now we're rolling initiative. 25 to 20. 25 to 20 anybody? All right. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? Jester, you got ten? Ten to five? Beau, what did you get? As the gnolls are all clumping together, preparing for your onslaught right at the edge of the hole with the furniture on the opposite side there, the two skeletal gnolls who are getting ready to rush into the fray. Top of the round is Shakäste. Okay. Against which one? The two other gnolls glance over at the side, and then look towards the tunnel where you guys were. It didn't seem like it was much of a distraction for them, unfortunately, in the moment. Unfortunately, it wasn't a sourceless cluster as you guys all made your way to the base. All right. Would that be that one there? All right, go for it. Frostbite he has to roll against your DC, so I roll it for you. That is a natural one, so go ahead and roll damage on that. It should be, is that a d8 for that one as well? Okay, so it would be d6. I'm pretty sure it's a d6 for the cantrip. Three points of cold damage to him, and he has disadvantage on his next attack roll. Suddenly, a similar cold to what you saw coalesced around the armor of Fjord, this time it's attacking and freezing inward, and you watch as the gnoll (gnoll pain sounds). It's shaking briefly, you watch as its muscles are beginning to slow down and become sluggish. Do you want to move, or do you want to stay where you're put? All right, so you stay there. That ends your turn. The gnolls will now go. The three of them are going to begin to back away, and they're all going to take strikes with their bow. They all pull out their arrows, and each are going to make a strike. The one you frostbit is going to attack you, it has disadvantage. It was a three and a two, with disadvantage, so no, it misses you entirely. It actually gets partially caught in the 'fro, and makes its way to the back. Missed them all, thankfully. The next attack in the front is going to be against Beau, and then one's going to be against Molly, since you guys are the most visually impressive of the front row color-wise. You blend into the surroundings a little bit comparatively, so against Molly-- Man, they cannot roll, that is a six. (grinding sound) Just grinding toothpicks. The one versus you, Beau, that is a 14. Dodge out of the way. All right, Molly, you're up. There? That's a 15 on the saving throw. So he's fine, unfortunately. You can keep using your movement if you want or you can stay put. Okay. Ending your turn Molly, it's Nott, you're up. (counting) 30. That's that guy there? Make the attack. 12, it does hit, and then splinters off the armor. Off the ice in particular. (goblin yell) You rush back down. That finishes your turn Nott, Jester, you're up. You can see them. Where's it going to appear? Right there? The one gnoll goes (growls). All right. Seems immediately confused by the appearance of two Jesters in proximity. Nah, that's as far as you can get with your movement, unfortunately. Ending Jester's turn. These two guys come into play. This one rushes up and swings at the illusory Jester; passes through, no effect. This one's going to-- five, six. It does not have a ranged attack, so instead it's going to rush forward and engage with you right there. It's now Beau's go. It is dark. You currently, there's a little bit of light that you have-- Yeah, you're seeing action happen up ahead, and you're like (groan). You don't have a good bead. You can still do things, but you're considered blind, so you have disadvantage on any attacks that you make. Yeah, you can hold your action if you want. Okay. All right, you're holding your action. You rush up and you can see the outer glimmers of bits of bone and its body moving as it rushes in to harry Jester. No. Only your action, unfortunately. You can. You go into a defensive potion there, all right. Correct. That ends your turn. Caleb, you're up. Lighting up the vicinity here. Okay. Perfect. Go for it. All right, so as the light emerges above, you leap into the air, swing the staff, bring it straight down, as it does-- Yeah. It splinters the skeleton into pieces all around its entire body, crushes and collapses to the ground. Scattered across. Caleb, rest of your turn? Stay where you are, all right. That finishes your go. The light is in the room. The end of Caleb's turn, that is now Fjord. 15. There you go. There, 30? Okay. Behind Beau right there. I'll put you right there. We'll just lean you. There. Oh, excuse me! Which one are you shooting at? That's the one that's been frosted. Go for it. 14, for against him, does not hit. Unfortunately. It manages to strike some sort of shield on the side that shatters. It's bolted to its forearm. It pulls it up just in time to deflect the Eldritch Blast. It cracks the shield and does damage to its exterior, but no wound to the actual gnoll. That finishes Fjord. Top of the round, you hear this (hyena barking and growling). MARISHA and (heavy footfalls) Watch as an armored gnoll-- In the back of the chamber. Outnumbered, and crossbow. As the pack lord approaches, cackling at the sight of you, you see a look of recognition on its eyes as it pulls back its longbow and is going to go ahead and fire immediately at-- Well, first I'm going to see-- It does see through the illusion, so it does not fire for the fake Jester; however, it does fire for you, the actual Jester. You currently do not have visual. Not in your current position, nope. So that's an attack on you with a longbow. That is going to be a 15. Doesn't hit you. It splinters across the shield, no impact. That's going to end its go. We're now at the top of the round. It's your turn, Shakäste. SAM and All righty. Aid, is that 2nd-level? I believe you both get five additional hit points to your max, and five hit points. Yeah, so the three of you, your max hit points go up by five. You gain five hit points on top of that. All right, as you feel this sudden burst of physical hardiness surge within, this warm glow in your belly that helps stir you up to the future of physical impact and damage. That's your action; do you want to move at all on your turn? All right. Like this direction, or this direction? We'll put Anastasia perching on the wall there, looking that way. Okay. That ends your turn. It's now the gnolls' go. This one is going to rush forward towards you. This skeletal one is going to rush forward towards Jester. This one's going to stay back and continue to fire at Beau. It's going to take a step back there. This one's going to stay where it is and take a shot at Beau as well. We have one gnoll that's attacking you with a spear. That's a 12. You deflect it with your sickle, which you've unhooked from earlier. Just grab it and (shing) off to the side, parrying it. The skeletal witherling rushes up and is going to attempt to strike at you with a bite actually. It's going to lash out with its horrible bony maw. That is going to be a ten. You pull the shield up a little higher. Teeth shatter and break and fly off around the exterior of the shield. As you're doing that, "Good job!", you look back just as two arrows go flying towards you from the two other gnolls. They both have disadvantage, I believe, right? Because you took your defensive stance. All right, which is good because that would've been a 20, and an 11. Well, that's the first attack. I rolled a 20 and 11. You dodge out of the way. The second one is going to be a 21 and a 22. You take six points of piercing damage. Reaction, right. Okay. Go ahead and roll your die. Six piercing damage. All right, so the first arrow you dodge out of the way, and the second one you see it coming out of the way. There's a brief moment where time seems to (whirring) and you catch it right in the middle of your hand. It pulls you back a little bit and looking down you can see the arrow is there, right in the middle of your grip. That's going to end the gnolls' go. Molly, you're up. There you go. 14 hits him. Only a 12 armor class. 11 points of damage is just what you needed. With your first strike, infused with the rite, you streak down with your first blow and your scimitar carves through the upper part of its shoulder blade into its ribcage. As you do, you watch as whatever necrotic energy's holding its body together suddenly dissipates and all the bones clatter to the ground in a pile. This one here? (counting) Yes, there is. That hits. Roll damage. Ten points of damage on the other. Using the momentum of that first strike, you continue running and with a backwards swipe carve through the back of the other gnoll. It arches its back with pain as you carve this giant wound across the back of its shoulder to about where the base of its spine is, and you see blood beginning to flow from its wound where the bits of the armor are separated, and the fur poking out from within the haphazard hide. I believe that ends your turn? All righty. End of Molly's turn. Nott, you're up. Okay. Go for it. 24 hits, and you do get sneak attack because it is currently-- 12 points of damage. It's already taken 11 from the rest of you, so that finishes it off. (cheering) Can you cast it as a bonus action? Meaning you cast it as an action. You can't do that yet. Make a sleight of hand check. I need you to go ahead and make a perception check. Roll a d20. Add your perception skill modifier. Yeah, you don't notice it. What does he see hanging off the back of your belt? Okay. Just hanging right there on the back of the belt. That's your action. That finishes your turn, Nott. Jester, you're up. To which one? It did! It rolled a seven. (cheering) Four points of damage. All right. That was to which one of these two? The orange one, okay. Both of them have been damaged now, a little bit. You watch as it shakes its head for a second, and it's beginning to string another arrow. That finishes your turn? He had not been damaged before. Then roll that eight. Weirdly, more damage. Well, there you go. Now he's damaged. Good catch on that. That end your turn or do you want to move? Well you moved your-- oh, that was a bonus action. All righty. That's your turn. That brings us to-- all, no, both of the skeletons have been destroyed. That'll bring us to Beau's turn. Five, ten, 15, which one? There you go. Go for it. 12 does not hit. As you rush forward to swing with your first strike, the one that'd been firing at you from the previous round notices your approach, throws the longbow over the arm and brings up the shield in the same motion and deflects the quick thrust of your staff. If you're doing Flurry of Blows you have two more attacks on it. No, you do that instead of your bonus attack. You hit once, it gets deflected, and you spend your bonus action to do Patient Defense. That's all right. That ends your turn. Caleb, you're up. You get just about there. The one that you saw earlier in Alfield and that you-- 17 hits. LAURA and 20 points of fire damage. (cheering) Is that your turn? That was a good round. That finishes Caleb's turn. Fjord, you're up. Well technically you're not prone, sorry. Right there? You may. Go ahead and roll the attack. That hits, roll damage. Eight points of damage. That one, as it's notching another arrow into its bow it takes the impact off of its shoulder. It grazed it. You may. We'll mark him with the Hexblade Curse with this big old angry black circle to mark him as the target there. You may. That ends Fjord's turn. Back of the combat round, it's now the pack lord's turn. The pack lord returns to this way-- No, it steps through the one and is going to turn this way, and rear back for a giant kick. It's going to make a shove attack against you. Yeah, that's a big ol' pit. He already has disadvantage because of Patient Defense. One and 17. What's your armor class? Oh, shit! All right, so, hold on. It hits. We'll see with the shove. I'm seeing if there's a contested check, we haven't done the shove in a while here. I'm so sorry, guys. That's my bad. That's my bad. Oh, actually it doesn't have a roll of attack against you, technically, so that wouldn't have mattered. It's a contested athletics versus your-- Versus your athletics or acrobatics, your choice. I'll check real fast to see if your Patient Defense affects that at all, not sure if it does. Yeah, it doesn't affect this roll, unfortunately. It's just a straight roll. Nope. It's a contested roll. It's a natural 20. (yelling) Make your acrobatics check. It's not an automatic success. It's a 23 total. It only has a plus three strength bonus, so. It was almost an 18 and it went to a four. So! He shoves you, not actually with the shield. He pulls back and Sparta kicks you. Right as you turn to try and defend, whack! It hits you right in the sternum and you get pushed back five feet, which puts you right on the edge. I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity check to try and catch yourself. Dexterity saving throw. It's against attack rolls, but I feel like I just saw something. For dodge action, "and you make dexterity saving throws with advantage." You do, so roll with advantage. You watch as Beau slips, can't get a grip, and then falls and tumbles into the pit below. That's what she was trying to grab as you fell back. That was the dexterity saving throw, because it was a grate. You suffer 11 points of bludgeoning damage, which-- it's not bad. You fell 40 feet and landed on your back onto hard rocks and stones. Oh yeah! You have five more hit points than you had before the battle started. That ends his go. Shakäste, you're up. You watched Beau fall into this pit behind-- You have four 1st-level spells per day you can cast and two second. You've used one 2nd-level, so have one of those, and you've cast Thunderwave before, so you still have three 1st-level spells. Correct. You can cast with any of those. You could try. MARISHA and What do you want to Command him to do? Yeah, you can see him, the big guy. He's within range. He's about 30 feet from you. You can't ask him to fall on somebody else's weapon. You can ask him to drop prone if you want to. So what do you say as he finishes kicking Beau into the pit and turns (snarling). It looks back towards you, and I see the spell DC is 13 for you. That is a two, it does not succeed. You watch as it puts its weapons down for a second and looks right at you, eyes wide, confused as it turns its head (inquisitive sound). Yeah, it takes no actions for its next turn. Do you want to move or stay where you are? It's the gnoll's turn. Yep. These guys are going to back up a little bit, and they're both going to take shots, one at Molly and one at Jester. At Molly, that is a 16. What's your armor class? It hits? You take four points of piercing damage. Attacking against you, Jester. A natural 20, I'm sorry. They noticed earlier, unfortunately. That's okay, it's not too bad. That's eight points of piercing damage. Okay. That ends their turn, Molly, you're up first. Go for it. No, he just doesn't make action on his turn. He can react, but he doesn't-- He can't take any actions or move on this turn. That hits, roll damage. No, you don't. 13 points of damage from that first strike. You carve through the body. Its eyes still locked on-- (chuckles) Its eyes are still locked on Shakäste, not looking away, going (grunts). That hits. Roll damage again for that one. All right. So as you back away. That way. It sees you walk away and makes a strike towards you. He does. Okay. That'll give him disadvantage. As his eyes go black and you watch him begin to bleed from the corners of its eyes. Like over here? Yes. Okay. So you're holding that there. Ending your turn Nott, Jester, you're up. All right. So both of you guys make your attack. Or whatever you're doing, Jester. 16 also hits. Both of you guys roll damage. 15 points of damage. How do you guys want to do this? (cheering) As you collide with the gnoll pack lord as you release a bolt that strikes it in the throat. The bolt sinks through one of the eyes as the sickle hits the other and it (choking) and it tries to make one final thrust before the halt magic prevents it from doing so and it (falls). That was a glaive. It was a large two-handed polearm with an axe head at the end of it. It's pretty big. That ends Jester's turn. That brings us to Beau. You're like (groaning). You get up from prone, so it's half your movement. It is a small enough space, I'll let you make an athletics check or acrobatics check instead of athletics. It is not small enough for that, unfortunately. It's about a ten foot gap, but you can leap from side to side or you can climb with athletics. It's your choice. That's acrobatics to do that. It's monkish. Go for it. You leap, leap, leap, leap. You get about 20 feet up your movement before you have to grab onto the wall to stop yourself. That's fine. Still enough. And if you wanted to use an action to dash, you could make it the rest of the way up. Pole vaulting off, parkouring up the wall until eventually you leap and get back up to the top. Yep. Ending Beau's turn, Caleb, you're up. Right there? All right, roll for the attack. MARISHA and 20 hits. Roll damage. Eight points of damage. It impacts and it looks like really hurt now and it's like (heavy breathing). It's getting ready to run. It looks like it's in the process of deciding to flee. Finishing Caleb's turn, Fjord, you're up. There you go. Go for it. Roll to attack. That hits. Roll damage. That one, seeing the other one about to flee, tries to turn to meet gait right before your Eldritch Blast slams it in the back and core through its abdomen, leaving this burning hole in the center before it falls to the ground and collapses dead. Its friend going (whimpering). It's now looking scared and ready to bolt. That ends Fjord's turn. Pack lord's gone. Shakäste, you're up. There is this one who's very wounded and about to flee. All righty. That is a natural four. It does not succeed so roll damage on that one. d8 radiant damage. Six points of damage. That's-- aw man, almost! As it bursts into flame, its body is now singed by the radiant energy that's burned around its torso. It's breathing heavy and limping and it's going to go ahead and-- is that the end of your turn? That's your movement, your action so. If you have anything that could use a bonus action. You have a spell that does it, but I don't think it's going to be helpful right now. Yeah, hold off on that. Okay, so that ends your turn. It's going to turn and bolt. It was right up against you, so you do get an attack of opportunity on it. Roll damage. As it spins to run away, you're like "No you don't!" (whack) and slam it on the head. It falls. (grunt) "Again!" You just slowly bash it to the ground until its head's a mashed-in pulp. (cheering) Yeah, you can pull the ears out. There a little wet, but they're functional. All right. we'll come back and begin that right after we take a quick break. So we're going to take a quick break. I'm going to sit back down here. We'll continue the story here in just a moment, but before we do that, real fast, we have a couple things. One, we have a gift here from Wyrmwood for our resident monk over there. Apparently, she's got fans at Wyrmwood. That's probably it. Open it! While she's reading it. Wyrmwood is giving away two Adventurer's Arsenals, which we've shown previously on weeks here, that are zebra wood. If you guys haven't seen it, Wyrmwood's last Kickstarter. It's a packaged dice box and then on the inside, holds your dice, holds your pencil or pen, eraser or mini. All magnetized in there. We're giving away two of these at the break to anybody who wants to enter. There you go. Oh, they give us plenty. Anyway, two of you will win this. When you're prompted in the chat and only in Twitch chat, to use the keyword 'hush'. H-U-ace-H-S. H-U-S-H. There we go, I can spell. Brain not working, too much math. Hush in the chat, when you're prompted. Only enter once or you'll be disqualified, but we'll come back with two winners after the break. We'll see you guys here in a few minutes. Hello and welcome back everybody. So, before we jump in here, we have our two winners in the chat of the Wyrmwood giveaway. They are Grugswald. Grugswald and onegirlx10. Congratulations to you guys, Grugswold and onegirlx10, Danoba will contact you and get your information and get those sent to you in the chat. Congratulations and we'll have more of these in future episodes. They're awesome. They're pretty rad. I would be careful. Bringing it back in, guys. I know. (laughter) You guys, finishing this fray, you gather the gnoll ears as well as-- Make an investigation check. The two of you who are investigating their bodies. Okay. Aw. Okay. Well, there's the glaive. It's hard to miss that. It's pretty well-made; it's sturdy, it has some of the spines that are part of the armor as well affixed to it along the top. It's like-- Let me look at how much a glaive weighs according to the book. The glaive is about six pounds. It's not too bad. Well, this one's probably closer to ten. It's a pretty top-heavy. It's designed for a gnoll. Or at least designed for something big that wants to hurt something badly. You do manage through a collection of shinies in the pack leader's pockets and manage to find roughly 13 gold pieces, three silver and no copper. It only wants things that are shiny. Copper aren't as shiny to them. Mm-hmm. Shakäste. Where does Shakäste put the gold? You can do it discreetly if you want to. Make a stealth check. Or a sleight of hand check. Plus what's your sleight of hand skill? So 14. Make a perception check. Yeah, so you have no idea. He receives the gold and the hand disappears beneath the cloak which is now covering most of his torso and you have no idea where it got put. Two silver. I mean, no more than anybody looks at anybody. The little goblin girl isn't leering at you. I mean, has been leering at you since you arrived but nothing in a way that catches your attention. Make an insight check. Roll a d20 and add your insight skill. It's a 12. I'd say, yeah. No more than usual. As you guys get closer to the exit where this broken, hinged archway was, this double door archway about eight to ten feet wide, a new smell rushes into your nose. Whereas previously it had been just decaying earth and dust there's now this musky smell that resembles the faint mixture of urine and citrus. It's hard to place, but it's new and it's different than the rest of the mines you've been through. (humming) You watch at the Duchess makes her way further down the tunnel. You feel this tiny goblin hand push on you. There does not seem to be a reaction. As you're focused currently to the vision of your-- you do not sense-- You do not because currently all of your senses are through your familiar. So unfortunately no. You will have to, so make a sleight of hand check. 14. Nobody has a passive perception higher than a 13, I think. MARISHA and All right. Go ahead and mark nine gold pieces off of your total and you take nine gold. The whole pouch? You don't, unfortunately, because your senses. Well wait, no, it's sight and hearing, isn't it? That's right! I take it back. He didn't react to you being touched earlier, but I need you to go ahead and make a perception check. Plus what is your perception skill? After the initial pat, you were focused, it didn't bother much. You feel your belt tug a bit and you feel suddenly the back of your armor begin to get a little lighter as your pouch is noticeably being removed from your person. No. It's happening. I mean, he can if he chooses too. Shakäste, do you want to do anything? You undo the pouch and now have it in your possession. As you're focusing through the Duchess's vision, beyond the broken doorway the tunnel grows rougher as you sense that the deeper shafts of the mines are coming to an end fairly soon. The scent the Duchess is picking up is strong, that weird musky smell. After about 100 feet of it snaking a little bit forward, through ten, 15 foot wide tunnels, suddenly the tunnel opens, into a large, rocky alcove formation, stalactites from the ceiling, and some elements of broken digging equipment around the corners of this chamber. The uneven ceilings stand about 15 to 20 feet tall within in places, and are scarred with pick marks from various attempts to meet the end of the mine, which apparently were not enough to keep the mine in business. A rough slope descends from the immediate entrance to this tunnel, hits the wall before it, rises a few feet past that to a smaller platform that meets the opposite side of the wall, about 70 or 80 feet to the other side. The chamber's about 80-foot from where you enter to the opposite end. Near the base of the raised rock you see two humanoid figures, sitting against each other, bound tightly in ropes and above the platform on top, you see a figure you haven't seen yet. Human-like, but seems to have large chunks of gnoll flesh strapped to their body, like they used a disembodied gnoll arm as a glove, a gnoll head with the jaw removed and hollowed out used as a hood. There is this individual carrying baubles and chains of some symbols across their neck and they're spattered with blood. They're standing at the top, currently holding a third humanoid figure who is bound in ropes, and dragging them up the stairs to this platform on the opposite end. Next to this gnoll-wearing priestly-like figure, you see the figure in their arm is a guard, one of the Crownsguard of Alfield. You don't recognize him at a glance, but you can see they are currently still living, bloodied and are being dragged up to the top of this platform. You can see right at the top of this raised section a monstrous mound of broken wood, rope, burlap and scrap from nearby within the mine that has been amassed into this large pile. At that moment a majority of the mound begins to move and shift, as two large, brown red, leathery wings unfurl from the mound. Where a fur-covered body steps out. Is the Duchess going to stay and continue to watch? You can. You are describing this verbally to everybody? This creature stands up from within this pile, you can now see this large, lion-like body and torso the size of a rhinoceros, massive and muscled, with giant clawed paws. Around the neck you see this thick, red, fiery mane of hair and a humanoid female face, dark and tanned, with this large, curled grin. The mouth that opens and hangs with rows of sharp teeth, but weirdly humanoid in appearance. It turns its head towards this priestly figure, who thrusts the guard to the front and says "Come, gifted mother. Feed and may you grow strong. Your strength is a boon from Yeenoghu, and one that will bring us much more meat in the time to come," and kicks the guard forward. This large beast turns, and inspects the frightened, shaking, and sobbing guard. "Your god meats hold me to nothing, but your offer pleases me and my child." As the beast stands up further in this pile of rough, found pieces of wood and twine, a small infant of its same species seems to be wound up and begins to mewl in its place. It's pawing at the air, its eyes not even freshly opened. This creature steps forward and bites into the Crownsguard and lifts it up as he begins to scream. The rest of you hear the echoing screaming in the distance of the Crownsguard. As it begins to bite and crunch, pulling its jaw open, it tears it into two halves and begins to chew on the upper torso. The screaming has stopped. There are two people left in the room and you can look around the vicinity. It looks like there were more people in here that have probably been fed over the past hour. Thankfully, nobody seems to notice Duchess's presence as Duchess retracts back into your chamber. It's past 100 feet of tunnel before it opens up into the chamber, which is another 80 feet from the entrance. To give you a visual. So you can prepare. No holes in the chamber from what you can see. Yeah. Not that you can see, no. There are various portions in the ceiling that are stalactites. It looks like it's the deepest part of the mine, which is the roughest, which means it does not have a lot of support structure built into it for the miners. This like it's as deep as they got before they abandoned it from the veins dried up. This mine has been long abandoned. The recent occupants seem to have discovered it, and taken it their own. You guys all making an approach? Roll stealth, please. Yes, right there. All right so, marching order please. LIAM and What is the marching order? Nott, where are you? I'll put you in front of Caleb. Molly, are you next to Beau? They're conscious, they're just tied up to each other. You can certainly try, it's up to you guys. You have one 2nd-level spell and you have three 1st-level, I believe. That's correct. You have two 1st-levels, you have three spells left. If I can have all of you who are approaching to make a stealth check, please. Sorry, the one you just made. Sorry, so what was were those scores? 23. All right. Interesting point of order, this human that you see, this priest. Pitch black, sees fine. Does have a set of, as they've walked into this chamber-- although you would have seen this. Actually, yeah. You're the only one who would notice something. You don't see anything, never mind. All right, so-- You didn't notice anything in particular, other than just seeing this scene. Nothing at all. You know nothing! So stealth is 23. All right. 16. What did you roll for stealth check? Shakäste, what's your stealth check please? 19, okay. Yeah, which is good because that means the rest of the group picked up for you. As you guys approach, those of you who can see in the dark, you can't quite see your quarry. You'd have to get closer in because I believe it's a 60 foot darkvision radius for most of you guys. Which means you can see to about there. You can. Make a stealth check for your hummingbird. Natural one and a four on their perception. Nobody sees your bird's arrival. All right Nott, so you rush in? Yeah, and what's the range on that one? 30 feet, so you can keep it out as far as that. Yeah, it's fine. All right, so you come in there. Where are you holding the ball bearing? As that happens, you watch as both the priest and the large beast at this time-- which now that we're getting closer and we're seeing the form, I probably should've asked this of you earlier go ahead and make a general nature check. Both of you guys. You notice it, but you, after getting a closer view of its form as your hummingbird gets in close, you can, "I know what this is." This is a manticore. The wings are scary, the teeth are scary, the spines on its tail are scarier. You've heard rumors of such things being flung as a weapon and regrown quickly and begin to suddenly remember the spines that were affixed to the armor of the gnoll leader and the glaive. You rush in and have this moment of remembrance as you begin to curl forward, stealthing around the side as the ball bearing (ting ting ting). Both the priest and the manticore whip over in that direction. The priest pulls a glove on its hand that's a dull red color that begins to sparkle and glow at the tips of the fingers, and tightens it on its hand and begins to step down the stairs a bit in the direction of that. Over here? Over here? Okay. Whereas the female manticore, (flapping). The wind picks up and dust begins to spiral and briefly obfuscates the area. The manticore flies; with an impact, lands on the opposite side, right where the ball bearing is and (sniffs). "Company." All right, what are you guys doing? Make a sleight of hand check from a distance. Well, this would be a straight dexterity check. Roll dexterity, not sleight of hand. Add your dexterity modifier. 18. With a quick, rapid movement of your Mage Hand, you watch as the ropes on one come free. One of them (breathing heavily) looks at their hands and doesn't know exactly what happened but is apparently now free of the ropes. Yes. We're not in combat yet, so what are you guys doing? Within range you mean? All righty, anybody else? What are you preparing for? You're all staying right there? Oh, this way? Anybody else preparing? All right. Okay. Shakäste, anything? Whereabout? (humming drone) All righty. The manticore begins to clomp up the steps. No, on foot at the moment like (impact sounds). Well, right now as the manticore crests the top of the stairs, the large, joker-like, toothy grin of the female manticore glances up right towards all of you and goes (growls). It's not within range of you yet. You're holding it and it's not close enough. I need you all to roll initiative now. We have 25 to 20 anybody? Nice. We have Molly. And Fjord. 20 to 15? Nice. Jester and Nott. You have Molly, Fjord, Jester, Nott, and the manticore. Then 15 to ten? Ten to five? All righty. We have-- Well, simultaneously with the priest. Five (groans). Okay. It's okay, I got you. At this point, top of the round Molly, you're up. It's Molly, Fjord, Jester, Nott, the manticore, Beau, then Caleb and the priest together, then Shakäste. All righty, 12. It's eight plus two, which is your proficiency bonus, which is ten. Plus your wisdom modifier. What is your wisdom modifier? It would be 13, so it hits, yeah. All right, the female face grins even wider, the eyes narrow (growls). It seems like it shakes its head a bit. It seems strangely wounded briefly, but then grins at the prospect of a new meal. You move back ten feet to there. That brings us to Fjord's turn. Right there? Put you right there. With the blade drawn-- Right. Shakäste, as you watch, the half-orc, Fjord, suddenly emerges from his hand out of nowhere, this flash of greenish-blue energy and a splash of water spatters across the ground as a slightly curved at the tip falchion appears that has a cluster of barnacles along the base of it and slowly curling up the blade and sea water dripping off of it at all times leaving a trail of liquid. That hits. This thing is pretty big, it's not too hard to hit comparatively. All righty, that ends your turn. It's now Jester's turn. (counting) 30. Are you getting within melee of it? There you go. Roll for attack. As you rush around the corner, out of the corner of its eye it sees you. As it spins its giant, spined tail which you can see now which looks like a porcupine filled with javelins. Rushes past and slams into your shoulder. As you do, your sickle flies out of your hand and clatters across the ground and hits the floor at the bottom of the stairs. That is where your sickle currently is. End of your turn, Jester? All righty. Nott, your turn. All right, make another dexterity check. With that the other person's rope falls free and they're both out of their ropes. They're both looking at the only exit that is currently blocked by this giant manticore creature. They look scared and have no idea what's happening. They haven't seen you. For some reason their ropes have dropped and they're scared shitless. They aren't guards. These two look like civilians and they're having a really rough time. As far as you know. There's the priest. They're not guards, they're civilians. Make a persuasion check. Okay, you deliver the message. That's as far as you know. Okay. All right that finishes your turn. It is now the manticore's go. It is going to make three attacks, a bite and two claw attacks. It's going to make two claw attacks. Actually, it's going to make one sweeping claw attack at Jester from behind and then a bite and a claw attack at you, since you're right in front of it and already struck it with your falchion. First one's at disadvantage, which would be against Jester as you rush past. That is a 17, and a 19. Yeah, it hits you, that's without bonuses, unfortunately. You take from the first strike nine points of slashing damage, as it (woosh). It rolled high, a nine again. Then two strikes against you. Okay, what's the save? It was a natural 20 on you Fjord, unfortunately. The other claw attack. A dex save, all right. That is a 12. So that hits? All right, go ahead and roll damage. 2d10. Oh, right, yeah. 13 points of damage. Of cold damage. With an awkward flick of her wrist, you watch as this wave of ice spike energy flies outward and pierces the side of the manticore's body as it rotates and breaks the ice off of its torso. In doing so, it spins around with its other claw and strikes right into Fjord with a natural 20. It rolled a one on the fucking damage die, so you're fucking lucky on that, that's twice in this game. It's kind of disappointing on my end, but it's fine. So that's five points of slashing damage. That's right. As it strikes with its second claw attack against you and the ice cracks, and it looks at you and the mouth opens wide and you can see where three separate rows of teeth like this horrible shark maw. As it reaches forward to bite towards you, the head itself about maybe this wide, the jaw can almost clamp down onto your waist, Jurassic Park style. That's going to be a 16 to hit. That's ten points of piercing damage from the bite to you. She. Interesting, in this quick series of hits, she's doing fine, but this is an unexpected burst of damage and you can see harrying's starting to show. A powerful creature can do some powerful damage, but is showing a little bit of wear and tear. With that, the manticore is going to take to the sky. It's going to fly up. You both do, yes. You can punch it, make an attack. What did you roll? You do, yes. Nope, you both, (whoosh). The giant gust of wind from the wings flapping push you away and you have to block your vision to keep the dust out of the way. Finishing the manticore's turn, it is now Beau's go. How far are you going to move forward? 20 feet? You're seeing faint flashes of light. Actually, you don't see any light, because no one's cast any spells, it's all been combat, so it's just darkness and you hear roars and slams and impacts. You're like, (worried noise). Okay, that finishes your turn, Caleb and the priest are going simultaneously. What are you doing? Well first off, the spell you prepared, never went off, so the spell is gone, it's used. So the spell's gone, so you lose one of those. You have enough to generally light most of the chamber. Perfect. That's your action? Okay. That comes to the priest's turn. The priest is going to step forward angrily, and is going to attempt to cast Hold Person on you. Half-orcs are people too, Sam. Make a wisdom saving throw. With that, you feel your muscles lock up, your entire body freezes in place as you feel your entire physical self lock up, unable to move. All right. The priest is going to go ahead and take two steps back after casting that, and hide behind-- Caleb, that finishes your turn as well. Shakäste, you're up. Yeah, it's a 15-foot square. Yeah, the manticore is about 15 feet up in the air right now, so it's just out of the range. I will say, Spiritual Weapon, as far as I know-- let me see here real fast. It's pretty great. It says a floating spectral creature, it doesn't specify if that it can or cannot move up and down, so I would imagine you could create it in the air if you want. Do you move forward to cast it? How far, there? You're creating it at the base of the manticore, or further in the chamber, or where? Easily enough to do. What kind of weapon do you create? What magical, mystical weapon would you like to create that represents your attack on this creature? What do you want to do? Estelle Getty begins to bludgeon itself into this creature. I love it. Go ahead and roll a melee spell attack. Roll that and add five to it. That hits. Roll the damage on that one. It is 1d8 plus three. Roll that and add three. Still, four points of damage. Nothing to scoff at, and it's still out there without concentration. Do you want to move anywhere, or you going to stay put? Good to know. Finishing that, top of the round. Molly, you're up. All righty. A two. It does not succeed. All right, four points of psychic damage, and first attack has disadvantage. Cool, sounds good. That's the end of your turn, Molly. Fjord, you're up. Yep, so roll a wisdom saving throw to see if you can resist it. Nope, you're still locked in place. Nope. Nothing. That ends Fjord's turn. Jester, you're up. Okay. Is it a wisdom saving throw? Dexterity save. That is a ten. 12, sorry. Six damage of radiant. As it's right behind-- it's trying to block around the pillar, but you still have a clear visual as you concentrate on the symbol of the Traveler hidden beneath your outfit. You focus and there's a burst of energy that burns around its body-- Pink energy that sparkles around him as he looks over towards you and he continues to try and crouch behind the stalagmite. It is, so he has to make a concentration check. Which he fails? That's an 11? No, it's a ten. No, it succeeds. Just barely succeeds. The DC is ten. Sorry! He rolled a nine, but he has a plus one constitution. Sorry. Yeah, he succeeded. He has to meet the DC or higher. But good try. Yes, you can. No, not yet, unfortunately. Well, they're coming around for their turn. You have your sickle, you still have more movement if you wanted to move. You have ten more feet. Or 15 more feet. All right. You're right up in his face. That ends your turn. Nott, you're up. Gnollish priest. Regular gnoll, regular gnoll. They watch as a tiny goblin with jagged teeth yells at them as they run by. However, there are more scary things in the current vicinity. You rush past, and they're two civilians, not guards, but continue. I'm okay with that. They're guards from your perspective. All right, so you run past. Make an attack roll. It hits it. It's a baby. Roll damage. It's helpless, it's sneak attack. As you plunge your short sword down into the mewling, eye-covered cub, it goes still, as the mother manticore flying up in the air turns around to watch this, and gives a (roar)! Nott, that ends your turn? It's the manticore's turn. The manticore, which was about to unleash a triple round of attacks against a paralyzed Fjord, who, while paralyzed, would have all been criticals, strangely saved him and is instead going to dart-- It does not, no. At a 50-foot fly speed, land right next to you, Nott, and take a full round of strikes against you. Too angry to worry about tail spines at this point, it's going all in, physical assault to whatever just murdered its baby. Disadvantage on the first strike. 17 and a natural one. Which, I'll say, causes it to strike down towards you in fury, and instead its claw gets jammed into the ground, so it gets disadvantage on its second attack. I'm trying to play with natural ones a little more in this campaign. This is the second claw attack against you. A natural 20 and a 17. It hits but it avoids the critical, which is good. That is nine points of slashing damage with the claw. Then the bite attack is going to come towards you. I'm going to give this advantage because you just killed its baby. Yeah, that's going to be a 21. All righty. There we go, there's the actual damage die roll. That's 11 points of piercing damage. Oh shit! (laughter and gasping) TRAVIS and That ends the manticore's turn. The civilians get up-- And begin to run. (counting) They get that far with the movement and dash. They're (gasping) tripping and falling, managing to make their way there. They're both frightened, covered in all sorts of dirt and gore, and running in your direction, trying to get away from whatever's happening back there. The roar set a further fire in them. All right. Beau, you're up. Nott is 40 feet from you. (counting) You can get right up to the top of the steps. Okay. You scoop up Nott. That means, because you're carrying another creature, your movement is halved when you run. Are you using-- it's your action to grab and pick him up. Ki point, Step of the Wind to run. That moves you and Nott 20 feet. You get Nott to there. The manticore is going to take an attack of opportunity against Nott. Of course! The creature doesn't give a shit about anybody but that little goblin that stabbed its baby. That is 19 to hit. A bite strike again, that is ten points of piercing damage. As you pull Nott away, there's a sudden tug, and you pull hard and you look back and you watch as you drag Nott out of the teeth of it, grinding across the body, dragging wounds like daggers across Nott's face and chest. You see blood pour out of each of these scars. All right, so you are unconscious and bleeding out. Nope, that's your whole turn. You used everything for that. End of Beau's turn. Caleb and the priest are up. 25 hits. Roll damage. 15 points of cold damage. Nice. You moved up there. It strikes the manticore, a burst of ice that freezes part of the side of the mane and the fur on its body before the fur cracks and the flesh that it impacted cracks. There's a little bit of muscle exposed beneath the wound left behind from the frost freeze you left on the side of its torso. That ends your turn. The priest, who is currently working on that, going to maintain Hold Person, is going to step up. No, it's going to-- yeah, because you're right there in front, it's going to Inflict Wounds on you. LIAM and A melee spell attack. Not great. Actually, not bad! That's a 17. That is your armor class. 17 hits. You take 3d10 points of necrotic damage. I know. That is 14 points of necrotic damage to you. Oh no! You watch as the priest reaches out and grabs onto the armor of Jester, and with a burst of black energy, the veins under Jester's blue skin begin to pulse with black energy, and she screams out as her eyes loll back and close, and she hits the ground unconscious. Yeah. That ends the priest's turn. Your turn, Shakäste. You have 30 feet to move forward. The Spiritual Weapon can only move 20 feet, though, which will only get it about there, unfortunately. I thought it was 20 on a bonus action. Well, the range of the spell is 60 feet, but then the bonus action to move it is 20 feet and repeat the attack. Sorry, guys. You can move forward if you want to. Did you want to move forward the rest of your--? Okay. That's a wisdom save, right? That is going to be an 11. Which, your DC is 13, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. That's just three points of damage. Three points of radiant damage. It bursts and he's still trying to concentrate on the spell. He does make a constitution saving throw. That's an eight. That's a failure. The DC is ten. With that, your paralysis ends. Yeah, it's either half the damage or ten, whichever is higher. With that, you blast it, and he loses the spell, and all of a sudden your body comes back into control of you, Fjord. You have the bonus action. You can still move the weapon if you want to. It was up ten feet, technically. It can move down and then move over here, and it would be down on the ground right there. If you wanted. You could move it anywhere else you want to. The bust (humming) and rests floating in the air. That brings us to the top; Molly, you're up. There you go. What's the range on Vicious Mockery? Yeah, you can do that here. Wisdom save for the manticore. 19. Sorry. (laughing) Fjord, you're up. It's an action. You reach down, pull out the healing potion. It's a regular healing potion, right? Yeah, so that would be 2d4 plus two you heal. So you heal eight. You may. From there it was (counting) six, that's as far as you get. As you move out of range, the priest is going to make a strike at you with his dagger. Yeah, to get to her you would have. Yeah, because you would have moved-- Oh, god. That's okay. You stay there. That end's Fjord's turn, Jester, you're up. You are on the ground, prone, but are now conscious and breathing, as you feel the glass vial pulled away from your lips, and Fjord looks down at you with a nod, like "Go!" Go ahead and roll that. That's a d8 plus your wisdom modifier? So you heal eight points. Movement to run? You can move 15 feet. You do not have that ability, unfortunately. That's a rogue and monk ability to use a point. Clerics do not get that. Sorry. Let's put you there. Okay. The priest does get attack of opportunity on you as you run past, as you were engaged in melee. Well, he rolled a three. The dagger hits your armor and scrapes off the metal. No effect. That ends your turn, Jester. Nott, you're up. You're prone, technically, in Beau's arms right now. This is, I assume Hideous Laughter? All right, we'll see if this works. Wisdom saving throw. That is a 12. What is your DC? There's been a lot of just under this game. Weirdly, as angry as this manticore is at you-- You know what? I'm going to give it advantage in the saving throw because you killed its baby. You killed its baby. I'm allowing it, because I'm the fucking DM. It doesn't help, I rolled a two. Shit. I felt it was fair for the mother of the baby that you just murdered. I would have, and from a narrative standpoint it made sense. Still takes effect. The manticore, turning around, eyes filled with fury and anger, goes (growling). She all of a sudden begins to chuckle. As the mouth opens from the laughter, you see the jagged teeth, filled with your own blood, and the tongue lashing around from the laughter as it falls on the ground, prone and cackling. It's dark enough where, in this lighting, it looks black. It is prone, which means melee attacks do get advantage against it. It's up to you. The manticore's pretty hurt. The priest has taken a little damage, but the priest also doesn't look very hardy. But it's up to you. You can flee or you can finish it. There are advantages and disadvantages. There are advantages to both. MATT and No ears. There is actually on the head. The gnoll head has ears. You're probably not wrong. All righty. Well, that's up to you guys to make your choices. Each time it takes damage. It gets to make a save again. Yeah. And on the end of its turn it gets to save. Well, regardless-- That's up to you. Yeah, that's true. Because it is the manticore-- you still have movement, if you want to. You have 15 feet of movement if you want Beau to put you down. Ten, 15. You do, yeah. Okay. Good to know. All righty. Finishing Nott's turn, the manticore's turn. The manticore's chuckling, laughing on the ground, howling. It's echoing throughout the chamber in this very dark-- I'll put you about, roughly, we'll say there. The manticore's going to attempt to make its wisdom saving throw. That is a 12, again! I rolled two elevens in a row! The civilians continue to run and they are just up the tunnel. You hear their heavy breathing fade as they disappear into the darkness. Beau, you're up. Beau, it's your choice. What are you doing? Okay. You move in to the priest. Go for it. 16 hits! He's only wearing leather armor. Nine points of damage. Whack! Right across the face. You knock part of the gnoll head off. It's off-kilter to the side and he spits blood and looks back at you, "Do not worry. He will come for you too." Go for it. That hits! 12 does not hit, unfortunately. But the next one does. Ten points of damage, nice. With the staff hit, he laughs at you, the blood spilling out on the side of his chin. You smack him with the elbow, miss with the upper cut, but as the elbow cracks and hits you feel like the jaw kind of dislodge a bit. As he looks back, he reaches up and he's trying to put it back into place. He's looking not too great. You said ten? Yeah, you shouldn't have done-- actually, it would've been seven. It's all good. No worries, so seven damage on that one? That ends your turn? You can, yeah. Okay. It already got an attack of opportunity against--. So you move up (counting) 40. All right. Caleb and the priest. Your turn simultaneously. He does have three-quarters cover behind that from your current position. You can move there to get a view without hitting-- How do you want to do this? (cheering) Okay. As you release the bolt, the anger in your eyes, the fury coursing through the veins in your hand. The Fire Bolt slams into the priest's head, and he falls back on the ground, screaming. As you watch, Ghost Rider-style, his head just bursts into flame and burn away, until he falls back to his knees. You can just see the darkened expression of a black skull into the fire as he falls. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. A wave of memories come flooding to you, and you feel your motions grow slow. You guys watch as Caleb stares at this, and continues to stare at the guy burning in flames. That ends your turn! SAM and Shakäste, it's your turn. LAURA and Shakäste, your turn. You do. Oh, that's particularly awful. Roll a d20 plus five, with advantage because it is prone. So roll a d20 twice and take the higher of the two. Correct. Nine plus five is 14. That is just its armor class. That hits. It has an armor class of 14. So roll damage on that. d8 plus three. Seven points of damage! As the bust slams into the manticore after your musings pierced its soul, it's going to attempt to make a saving throw, with advantage. It's a two. Because whenever it takes an impact from an attack, it gets an advantage on the saving throw to break it. A two and a five, however! (cheering) It's okay, it happens. It's good, it's cinematic. It's fun. That's your bonus action. You still have an action. Yes you do. Yeah. So you still have an action if you want to cast another spell or do something else as an action. The priest is already dead. The manticore's pretty hurt. Some of them are pretty beat up and low. Some of them seem to have avoided the fray. You're about 60 feet from it. Thunderwave, yeah. Sacred Flame? All right. That will be an eight plus one for the wisdom modifier. That does not succeed! So roll, that's d8 radiant damage. You did damage, yeah. Exactly! That's how spells work a lot of the time, man. A six? As is tradition, it seems, for our guests, how do you want to do this? (cheering) That's hospitality. Jesus Christ! So how do you want to do this? As it's on the ground, laughing and cackling and writhing. There you go. As Shakäste smiles, the merciful grin of a person who knows that the loss of a child is hard, you release this torrent of sound energy into the cackling mouth of the female manticore. As the writhing stops, and she begins to stand up, looking down, looks back at the corpse of the child now laid still. Looks back at you with a look of pity and acceptance before (explosion). There is a burst of gore out of the chest, and the creature just falls to the ground, motionless. The wings flopping onto the ground, still. And silence takes the chamber. (silence) Okay. Caleb comes to. Make a perception check. Amongst the chunks of flesh and rather horrible attire, there's a couple of interesting adornments on the priest. The nest looks like it's a mishmash of all kinds of things cobbled together. Okay. From that, there was a set of goggles that were affixed over the priest's eyes, of a dark lens. There is also that reddish glove that was affixed to his right hand. Make an investigation check for me, please. No shit! What's the total there for that? All right. As you tear through the rubble of this nest, you find a few interesting things a skeletal hand that has been mostly chewed through, though a single fleshy finger still holds a ring of beautiful silver make and a blue gem that catches your attention. What at first looks like part of the wooden riff-raff that makes the nest, you pull out a refined and well-carved stick that doesn't match the rest of the rather rough wood. Also, tangled within the mass, you find chains but larger than normal chains. These chains are attached to a set of unlocked manacles, much larger than any human manacles you've seen. There are four identical loops, a little over one foot in diameter, all attached via this chain to one larger one about four feet in diameter. It looks like it would have been the size for a manticore. Since you rolled so high in investigation, you also notice that these manacles, which are open, have a single rune pressed into where they meet and lock in place, as there is no other visible locking mechanism. You are unable to really, at the moment, ascertain the nature of it. These manacles are fresh, they're clean compared to all the other stuff in here. They are there. Make an arcana-- are you proficient in arcana? Are you proficient in arcana? Make an arcana check, please. You're unable to really ascertain the nature of the runes, unfortunately. Okay. What would you like to cast? Okay. You watch as the central portion of the chamber begins to fill with a thick mist, somewhat obscuring your vision more than a few feet in front of you. All right. What else would you like to do? Honestly, it looks like everything was clustered in the nest or on the priest. Easily enough. Within but a few moments, between the triple-blades that the two of you wield, you manage to carve a fresh and carryable by two of you-- this is now the second beast head you guys have acquired, carrying along with you-- a female manticore head. All the manacles together probably weigh about 25 pounds, so it's carryable. You couldn't carry it. All right. You guys manage to exit the mines, it seems that the remainder of the gnoll warband have either scattered or collapsed beneath the earlier tunnel falling. You bring yourself back to the surface. The light of the day is growing closer to sunset, another hour, hour and a half or so before the sun sets, but you return to the shack, which has been untouched, unsullied since your leaving. The remainder of the survivors greet you upon you letting them know you've returned, and you watch two more reunions occur as the two individuals you had saved from the belly of the manticore find the rest of their family within the survivors. You gather the rest of the bodies, and whoever needs the travel, and begin to load up the cart you brought with you, as well as the manticore head, unless you want to carry that back to town yourself. You can rope it onto the cart without much of an issue, though you still have a single horse pulling a lot of people and a lot of manticore head. That horse is not going to be traveling at maximum speed, it's going to be a slow pace on that thing. Eventually after night falls, you can make camp or you continue to make your way to Alfield. It's only a few miles off and you'll probably get there maybe an hour or two after sunset. All right. As you guys make your way under the outskirts of town, back through the forest that cradles the northeast side of the city, a handful of crownsguard that are keeping watch for any sort of incursion watch you approach and immediately one of them puts up a hand, "Halt. Who "goes there?" "Right the, um, yes-- come this way," he seems to not be able to deal with the fact that you've arrived with all of these survivors, and the head of a manticore being pulled by this poor horse. Making your way into the town. Since you've seen it last, a number of buildings still lay in cinders, ash, and burned structures, but the people are in the process of cleaning and rebuilding their lives from the night before where this first attack initially happened. Within a short time, the crownsguard seemed to have brought Bryce back for you. Bryce, which you have not met yet, is currently the Watchmaster of the town. You see a genderfluid half-elf with blonde shoulder-length hair and armor. They seem to be recovering from the wound they sustained the night before and as you approach they immediately come up to you with a bit of a jog and say, "My gods, "you've certainly come through on my-- what is that?" "Apparently." They scratch their head, and shake their head in wonderment, "Well, you've-- (laughs) "Thank you. What do we call you?" "Very well." The woman by the way, who you had helped earlier, she comes forward with two of the members, and they come forward to the Watchmaster and they say, "Bryce, Watchmaster, all "of these people came and helped my baby. And--" and turns and looks at you and is looking about to introduce you, if you have a moment you wish to halt or intercede. "Anyway, thank you all." Other folks are starting to come out of their respective homes now to see this spectacle. Children are gawking and you hear gasps at the sight of the horrible beast head, the tongue lolling out and dragging across the ground. Other people are gathering and having reunions, other people are beginning to identify the dead that have been brought in the cart and while there is sadness and crying, there is also closure. There are even some still that are disappointed to not see those they had hoped to see amongst those who had been recovered. Given that still, a hero's night is to be prepared and people begin to prepare food. For a brief moment past the darkness, you can hear music begin to build as people begin to bring chairs and tables out to the center of the town square, the intersection of where Alfield's simple backwoods lifestyle seems to still understand what celebration is in the face of victory. As what better case is there to be but to celebrate those who stood up to such evils? As you all think over what you've done, this ragtag group of wandering know-nothings that have managed to come together and do a good thing. For some coin, maybe, but a good thing nonetheless. On that note, we're going to end tonight's game. (groaning) Khary! That was amazing, man! Dude. Thank you, finally. We've been wanting to have you on for so long, but schedules haven't lined up. I'm so glad we could. Pleasure is ours, man, thank you so much, seriously. Yeah, go for it. Kind of. Ass-20s, it's like ass pennies. You know what we should do, because we don't want to do anything near the table, after this, we're going to go ahead and record a video of you dealing with that like the Ring in Mount Doom. We'll put it up on socials. He had it blessed and everything, you were telling me. It's safer for everyone. We'll have that video for you guys in the near future. Guys, great game. We'll take this up next week. The plan was perfect. A couple things didn't work out to get out of there in time, I was hoping that would.