Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. It's like our version of (air horn). Before we get started, we have some announcements to get to. First and foremost, we have two fantastic sponsors tonight our fantastic friends from D&D Beyond return. Sam? Okay. Thank you, Sam. And thank you, D&D Beyond, for being our fantastic partner through this campaign. Speaking of partners, we have a partner sponsor tonight as well, our returning friends from Rook & Raven. They've been with us before, they return tonight. Creators of the handcrafted, high-quality, disc-bound notebooks that you've seen for your campaign notes, your character notes. They design them for all sorts of role-playing games. There you go with the Mischief and Misadventure one there. The work is fantastic. For the month of December, The Rook & The Raven is donating 100% of their profits to schools, teachers, and community centers to help grow gaming clubs and classes through their Adventure Club Gaming Kits. They're going to be putting everything together and making sure that these schools and the facilities have the necessary materials to help facilitate gaming clubs and getting these kids together to build the strong bonds that I did as a kid, and I'm glad to see that expanding and they're making that happen. Go ahead and give the gift of gaming now by helping support their work and thus, support these kids as well at TheRookAndTheRaven.com/CriticalRole. I think it's badass. I love that that is a thing that can happen now. I get messages from a lot of people saying they have gaming clubs at their schools and now there's too many kids playing and like-- that's so-- yay. That's such a surreal reality; I'm so happy about that. We also have some other big announcements this week that we put up. First off, we have a fantastic art show coming up soon. You guys had a chance to see the art book, the Vox Machina final campaign art book, now we get to announce that we have our very first art show to celebrate the fantastic art community that's come out of Critical Role. Each piece of art was created by community artists, curated by us. Tickets for the opening reception will be available this coming Monday, December 17th, and are completely free, and that's just for the reception. You don't need tickets for the two other days. The exhibit will be open through January 20th. You can stop over at any point in the weekend if you missed the actual reception event. It's going to be there. It's going to be at Gallery Nucleus. You can find out all the information for that at CritRole.com. We also announced that on Saturday, January 19th, that same weekend, we are doing a return to Vox Machina one-shot, our first campaign. It's going to be the Search for Grog. For those, no spoilers, but towards the very end of the campaign, something happened, one of our players pulled a thing from a deck of thingy-things and briefly derailed a lot of things, and we just glossed over it. We're actually going to play through that adventure as a one-shot with all the returning members of Vox Machina but two, because Grog is being sought after and another character will not be present. We could make it, you know-- Super excited about this one-shot and to bring us back into the world of Vox Machina. VIP tickets go on sale this Saturday, December 15th, and general admission which goes on sale on Sunday, December 16th. VIP attendees will have a special swag bag, including a signed Vox Machina print by the whole cast, as well as a special Q&A with Brian before the show. It's got a lot of fun stuff. Once again, go to CritRole.com for all the info. We look forward to seeing you guys there. (cheering) Yes. Also, be sure to join us next week for our very special holiday one-shot, that is being DMed by our fantastic Liam O'Brien. I was not expecting that much exuberance out of you. I am twice as pumped now for this, just from that. That was adorable! It's called The Night Before Critmas. It'll air on Friday, December 21st at 700pm, so Friday next week, to kick off the holidays right. 700pm Pacific at twitch.tv/criticalrole. Last but not least, we also have our very special end of the year State of the Role tomorrow, which will give you more insight into our holiday programming schedule, a few fun things that we have coming in 2019. You can check out all the details tomorrow morning at CritRole.com and probably posted across our socials, so keep an eye out for that. I think that's it? Yeah, it was a hefty one, it was a big one. On that note, my friends, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. (no audio) (chanting) Role! Critical! Role! [dramatic Critical Role theme] Welcome back. That was adorable, Laura. Last we left off The Mighty Nein, after spending an exorbitant period of time at sea at the behest of Captain Avantika, on the ship the Squalleater, got pulled into piracy under the banner of The Revelry, brought to the pirate city and island of Darktow amongst the Dragshallow Reefs. There, you uncovered information, proof that she had plans to overthrow the Plank King and rule the seas, along with her fanatical obsession with Uk'otoa. I knew it was coming. You manage to dodge through the night, grab the necessary journal, uncover the information through the cipher, and through a scuffle, survive this fiery battle on the docks from the ship. Through some tactical use of spells and quick members of your party, you got it in the hands of the Plank King. Judgement was brought between the two of you at the dock, and he chose Avantika to go. Upon having her make her leave, violently, gave you guys your reward, which was sparing your lives and telling you to get the fuck out of Darktow and never come back. You were gifted the hobbled, burned form of the Squalleater and left to make your way out towards the ocean where you attempted to search into the backstory of Fjord's relationship with his patron, in search of one of what seems to be the third and final sphere. You made your way down into the wreckage of his ship, The Tide's Breath, and discovered it was one of many in what was called the Diver's Grave, a ship graveyard here in the center of the Lucidian Ocean. In trying to find out where this orb went, you were drawn into the underwater lair of Dashilla the Dreadful. You encountered spirits of long-dead sailors bound there by her magic. You discovered the essence of how she's able to maintain this graveyard and draw ships down below. While she managed to flee before being killed, you grabbed what you were looking for, fled to the surface, and with your ship, escaped the growing storm before any more danger was brought to you. That was where we left off. Mighty Nein, as you've all gathered your things, you can hear the distant crack of thunder as the storm gets smaller behind you on the horizon. What do you want to do? Three or four days from where you are now. "Of course, don't you worry." He goes ahead and sets course. The ship makes its turn across the water in the direction of the Bisaft Isle. Bisaft. Yes. To that degree, you guys have a few days of travel, anything you'd like to accomplish in this time? You've taken a long rest for the first evening. You're restored if you need to restore your spells and hit points. What is your small list, Nott? Yes. Sure! Sure, let's do it. Let's give it a shot. Roll a tinkering check. Are you proficient with the tinker's tools? It's under your proficiencies. You are! It's already powder. It's already explosive. You're just constructing a casing and a means of detonation. Just roll and add your dexterity modifier. Yes. Okay. You make two. The third one... In the crow's nest, as Fjord-- Okay. The first one goes by easy as heck. You're proud of yourself. Second one, a little tenuous, but you manage to craft it, and that's nice. The third one, roll a perception check. You, in all the excitement, and your mind's eye focusing entirely on all the wonderful explosions this is going to cause, aren't paying attention to the wire you're using to seal off where the head of the explosive bolt goes. As you pull, through a series of lucky circumstances, a spark gets hit. There's a brief moment where you hear that (hissing) and you're like "Oh!" There's just a flash. Roll a dexterity check for me-- a dexterity saving throw. It's still a two, though. Plus? You really should! Correct! Unless your cloak gives you advantage on dexterity saving throws? Correct. So you failed. In that explosion, 13 points of fire damage you suffer, halved because of your evasion trait, so that'll put us at six. You take six points of fire damage as there's this brief explosion that rocks the vicinity and your ears ring. You grab the sides of your face as your eyes attempt to focus. In that brief instant, you see a shape move through the center of the galley. Make a perception check. Everything seems safe! As you guys look up, you can see this smattering of dark soot all across her face. The hair's scattered. No, last you saw Vera she was burned pretty bad. Beau and Nott? The three of you head down past the galley, or the kitchen where you originally saw the shape move. You're now towards the center where the cannons and the accessible stores of gunpowder are. You guys can see the scarring mark on the wood there where the previous explosion happened. Make a perception check. Okay then. You glance past the galley; you don't see any movement. You glance across the opposite side near where the stairway leads into the cargo hold below. You look past and you swear you see something looking back from around one of the barrels, then disappear behind it, and you hear (light footsteps). It's possible. Where you saw it was right next to the stairs that lead down into the cargo hold. Whatever the shape was, it moved behind one of the large barrels there, made a run for it, hoping it wouldn't be seen, and then went downstairs. Into the cargo hold, yes. LAURA and Okay, so blocking off the area. Everyone make a stealth check, please. Okay, that tips the scales a bit, then. You guys are quietly making your way down there, hearing the creaking of wood and the very faint, muffled sounds of waves crashing against the outside of the Squalleater. You see a shape duck down even further back in the cargo hold behind one of the box clusters. It's too far away and there's no light down there. All of you have darkvision, as long as you have the goggles on. You guys dart around, with the booming voice of Jester's duplicitous double. There, curved around the corner you manage to all at the same time flank in this area. As you get around the space, you can see they're huddled in the corner. If you'd like to come to the table-- (cheering) In her gnomish hands, this is pretty large. From your perspective, it would be about that big, but for her it seems even that much bigger. It's a brass and golden sphere that consists of many layers of intertwining clockwork, sliding hemispheres, rotating bands, and strange inscriptions. It's this massive, complicated mess of contraption, puzzle, sliding pieces. Make an arcana check. 19. While she holds it out to you, parts that she's not touching are shifting slightly to where it has a clockwork feel. But then you don't see any gears in the parts that are shifting. They're sliding naturally, with a very faint whir. You can tell there's probably some magic involved, but it's a combination of clockwork and magic. You may. As the last part clicks into place, there's a (whir, puff), a burst of light. About 15 gold coins go (clanging) to the ground in front. You crack a tooth. What she reveals, as she pulls out of this bright pink satchel, this colored leather satchel she has, is this dodecahedron shape that has gold trim around the edges and these handles. It looks like a gray quartz, and it has a very faint hum to it. It seems to glow in a rhythmic, heartbeat fashion. It has this very strong presence, and the air around it has its own subtle vibration. Which, as you do that, you feel this gravitational pull, your essence drawn towards it. Your peripheral blurs and darkens. Within, you feel like you're leaning into it. It's no longer an object; it's like a pool of water, and you cross the surface, and it's warm. Past that, in the darkness, you see stars, an endless sea of stars drifting towards you and past you. You look ahead, and you can see other little shapes. You look at them, and they're you. They're little ghosted versions of Twiggy. They're all going in different directions, and some of them fade, and some of them are created. Two of them join and create a new light and go in a separate path. In that moment, you see this single, glowing, warm light that appears and presents itself to you. As you reach out and put your hand towards it, it merges with your hand. The warmth carries through your wrist and forearm. It gives this warm, interior hug-type sensation. As you close your eyes to relish in it and open them again, you're back on the boat with them. Okay. As a note, you have what's called a Fragment of Possibility. For the rest of the day, anytime you have to make an attack roll, an ability check, or a saving throw, any roll with a d20, essentially, you get to reroll it. You get to roll an additional d20 and choose which of the two to take. Just once. Yeah. Actually, probably even keel between the two of you. At this point, around the side, Marius LePual has walked down into the center of the ship and is standing there. "Who the fuck is that?" "You're all scaring me right now. I'm going to go lay down." Okay, you guys all make you your way back up to the deck of the Squalleater. As you hear the footsteps rising, you look back to hopefully hear information about how things went down with the supposed sound and stowaway. Instead, you see them arrive with Twiggy. Port Damali. Make an insight check. Is there anything you want to whisper to him? Feel free to. Okay. Bisaft Isle. So you're concentrating on--? Okay, so continue while you're doing that. Caleb, as you finish the ritual, your vision crystallizes on the object. As part of the Identify, the information that would transition to you fails. You've tried to Identify non-magical objects before, and been like, oh, this isn't magical. This blocks you. Do not solve happy fun ball. Make a history check. Low DC, since you're relatively local. There's not so much in the way of museums, per se, but there are collections. There are collectors, and those are usually private and invite-only through mutual merchants and nobles and people of affluent nature. But there are two auction houses where a lot of these items are sold and traded by these collectors. One exists in Port Damali. It's called the Exalted Collection Auction House. Make a perception check. As you're inspecting this, there are sections of it, Rubik's Cube-esque, where you have to rotate an area to allow another part to rotate, and there's a strange order to these. One, for things that should be rotating freely, there's a consistent resistance to it. You also notice, between the seams where all of these pieces of metal overlap, where there's a slight gap, if you manage to hold it in shadow or put shadow over it, there's a very faint blue-green glow that barely peeks through each seam from the inside of this sphere. There definitely is magic. You're a smart guy. You're starting to look it over. You're like, some of these patterns, maybe could figure it out. You do notice that a lot of the strange inscriptions on it appear to be complicated variations of basic conjuration glyphs. None that you've seen, but you can see the similar shapes, the similar equation-type connection between these glyphs. There is a strong conjuration element all across, and very minute, impossibly small engraving across the metal. No idea. All the metal's pretty well kept. It's pretty polished. There's a couple of errant smears of chocolate caught in some aspects of it, a few sticky fingerprints in some areas. This time, (puff), you see this flash of white light, and eight gold coins clank to the surface of the ship. Okay, (puff), white flash. Four gold coins. Yeah, Nott already took them. Roll an investigation check. Okay. You find one section that shifts, following suit with her, and it sticks. Yeah, you're not getting anywhere. Make a wisdom saving throw. I know! Who's got the sphere? There is a powerful magical essence emanating from that sphere. A different kind of magic, but comparable to the dodecahedron in some ways. Yeah, and there is two faint magical auras on her person. He would be able to tell if there was something magical on your person. He wouldn't know any more than that. Make a perception check as you clamber up to the top of the crow's nest and glance over the horizon. Looking off in the horizon, you currently don't see any ships that are immediately pushing into the territory. You're following Fjord. It stings you a little bit. Your wound's still fresh. You do also know, as you're heading into legal territory under the Clovis Concord, that you have a ship that is known and labelled as the Squalleater, as damaged as it is. Roll a dexterity check for me. This is dexterity, to see how well you can paint it while upside down. Apparently! Not only does she manage to entirely erase the beginning of the word "Squall," but has beautifully calligraphied the B of "Ball" to where it looks almost like a set of balls, if interpreted that way. It has this nice sparkly border around it now. It's like (singing) Balleater! It's almost got jazz hands. This is regular paint. Good to know. There are no colors on deck that aren't associated with it. The only colors that are on deck were the colors that the ship previously sailed. Make a history check, Caleb. You keep thinking on that sphere. You've read about similar objects, especially the conjuration aspect of it, that are used as focuses, similar to a bag of holding, to maintain and contain things for powerful mages. Its construction makes you feel like it's very old. Probably pre-Calamity. Pre-Calamity is 800 years, and there's a whole era of very powerful magic-- No, 800 years ago was the Calamity. Or a little over 800. As this is happening and you're approaching, Caleb, you see Orly sitting there with his giant tortle arms looking up with his craned tortle neck, and going, "Hmm." "Far too long." Make a wisdom saving throw. So yeah, it takes effect. Every time she goes into that pouch and opens it up, you can still see taking up a large portion of it, massively, like a distended backpack, is the slightly shifting clockwork of that sphere. Well, until the directed activity is completed. Then yeah, so Suggestion has worn off. Most awkward on-ship high five ever. As your new compatriot for this journey seems to have, for the time being, accepted into your wings, is there anything else you want to do? All right, so you're getting that situated. From this point, a little over three days. So The Traveler, she explains to you in a very truncated way, is the being that she worships but talks with and taught her a bunch of things and they've been a friend. Anything else you want-- Make an investigation check. Doing a thorough pass on the crew's quarters, the remnant of the crew that now is arrested or worse on the island of Darktow, yes. You manage to scavenge up two boxes of firearm ammunition. Yes, actually. Yeah, from Hupperdook, I think it was, right? You manage to pull together 22 shots. That fit yours. There are a few others that don't quite. They're made for a larger rifle-type, but these particular iron balls will fit yours. Oh yeah. There are plenty of coats, hats, scarves, all kinds of things. Most of them in a similar vein to what you see her wearing. Most of them are long coats with the sleeves removed, a high collar. Big, billowing scarves and cravats that are varying degrees of well kept. A lot of these she's had for a long time and, as such, at sea, there's weathering. Some of them have grown damp and have a little mildew at the very edges but have been scraped off multiple times, which give it a cool look, but maybe a little bit of a musty smell. There's a number of interesting outfits of a dead woman that you manage to scavenge. Anything else? Yeah. We can continue this journey to the second day if you want to, but it's up to you. (crashing) Make an investigation check. You rolled a 16, you said? As you're saying this absentmindedly, you find another portion of it that previously was locked in place and wouldn't move. You manage to rotate one band and all of a sudden it comes free and turns as well. You start shifting it a bit and, as you turn, a little cylinder extends a little bit, and you press on it and you hear (poof) There's another burst, but this one has a dull blue color to the burst of light. Suddenly four cut jade pieces of stone appear and hit the ground. Each one's worth about 100 gold, if you want to mark that down. Roll another investigation check, I guess. From that place where you had it, you find one of the other grinding bands-- it felt like sandpaper when you tried to move it-- is now moving smooth, like it has no resistance, so you twist that one around and as you do, you hear this clicking sound. It fits into place. There's another piece around that you hear give this very faint (creaking) sound. You look for it and you find it, and there's a little knob. You turn the knob and as you do, another section opens up on one side, and then there's this flash and you look over on the ground, and in the middle of the wood there's a black hole about a foot wide. No, you look and it's just black. No. As you let go, they make no sound. They just disappear into it. No, you just see Fjord and Beau go down. Okay, it gets to about five or six feet. Okay. It's rope. Okay. Temperature feels a little colder, but it goes in. (foomph) It's gone. It was about a foot across, so a smaller person, maybe, but a lot of you guys it would have been a tight squeeze. Not Caduceus at all. She takes this couple of materials out and this pot of paint. As she paints with it, it begins to take shape and become a physical object, representative of what she drew. The sphere is still locked in the place where you had it last, and there's that one little knob that's still visible from where it was. It seems like, with each stage that you've unlocked of this, it's opened up another stage. A little bit. Less smooth, and there are more elements that are starting to protrude a bit. All you have to do is press on that to trigger it again. (poof) That hole appears again. Same size, in a slightly different location. As the lantern hits the darkness, the darkness consumes it like water. Once the lantern is submerged within the darkness, no light. You don't even see the lantern. Still lit. Mm-hmm. It's gone. It only lasts about a minute. Each time it's lasted about a minute, yeah. Both times, it's been approximately the same length of time, close to a minute. The hole opens up. You look inside; it's darkness. Still darkness. You can put your goggles on, if you want. Put goggles on, and your face, as he pushes you down further, you hit something. It's soft. You pull back a bit and look, and there's a pile of objects there. Okay. As you pull her out before she slips. As you're pulling back, a few things start tumbling out of this thing. You grab them and pull them in. You pull out, and she emerges. You have this pile of reddish cloth, and a strange metal object of some kind, and a couple other things. You pull the rest of them out that's dangling in. As soon as it does, the hole closes. You look at it. First off-- She's pulling her tongue out. First off, you hear (impacts) as two boots fall out of this pile of clothes she has, these really nice leather boots that are fur on the top. They hit the ground. There's a metal rod that looks like a staff that you hold and pull there. The other thing is a bundle of this really heavy, warm, winter-coat velvet material. It's a deep crimson-red color with golden trim on it. As you unravel it, there's an embroidered symbol across the back of it. That's the symbol, right there. You do not. You guys have never seen this before. I mean, you're looking at it there. There's not much more to it than that. That watermark is part of the paper! It's not part of the actual symbol. It's a metal staff. You look at it and it's a metallic staff, about three to four feet long. It has a seam in the middle of it, like it's two pieces joined. We'll say, for the sake of brevity, the boots are not magical. They're just really warm boots. The cloak is not magical; it's just a very warm cloak. With the symbol on it. The staff is faintly magical, and what it is is it acts like a hand warmer. You take the two parts, and you slide them together, and it clicks. The metal emanates enough heat to warm the hands of whoever's holding it. This appears to be a set of travel gear for whoever once might have had this. Yep. Halas. Halas. H-A-L-A-S. (disagreement) Mm-mm. It seems to have some roots in Zemnian, but it's a divergent element, so a name that hasn't been used in a long, long time. Kind of like-- Yeah, like Melchor. Things that are old historical names. In fact, roll a history check. It slips from you. There's something. You're like, hmm. Your face hit the cloak. You were like (impact) into this pile of soft, heavy material. A couple of ball bearings fall out of the cloak from what was dropped in there earlier. Nothing. Her hand. One by one, you guys jump in, one after the other, and you both tumble in and hit a floor. Looking around, you both have darkvision because gnomes. It's a cylindrical chamber. It feels almost like a natural rock interior. No. It's just a little pocket. You see two other ball bearings you left behind, and that's it. It looks like you've cleaned out what was in this pocket. SAM and You guys emerge. The area on the sphere where you've been pressing this button, you look and it's freed another area as well that can continue to be solved. As it looks right now, you need to shift it back to use a previous function. Each thing you slide unlocks the next use, but it closes off the previous one until you reverse it. You wouldn't. Oh, Halas? You roll a history check, too. Yeah, roll a history check. If they did teach it, you probably weren't paying attention that day at the Archive, unfortunately. Roll a history check. No. None at all. You've never heard the name Halas before, anywhere in Port Damali or in any of your travels, especially in relation to Sir Cadigan. Okay, you all step back about ten paces. Anyone want to help, or you going with your standard roll? Yep. Okay. That hole appears again. You're unable to get past that point. You're hitting a barrier, and you're clicking it forward. There's something about the puzzle that's escaping you. You feel like you're not quite-- you're on the cusp. If you want to try it again. If you want to, either you both can roll individually, or one of you can roll with advantage as you're helping the other. As you hand the sphere over, holding the places, Twiggy goes in and takes hold of it. Both of you together begin to try and rotate and figure it out. At that point, both together, Twiggy finds this small, rotating piece on the very edge that turns and turns. As it does, another cylindrical sphere slowly emits from it, like you're rotating a pencil lead that pushes out. You twist it, and you push it in, and it actually pushes in about an inch and then clicks inside, recessed. As that happens, a top part opens up a little bit. Caleb, you take that and rotate it. As it clicks into place, you hear (rising tone, whoosh). Flash of green light. Fills the entire chamber. That's where we're going to go to break. (yelling) Well, that was a fun campaign, guys. It was a lot of fun. I love it. Before we go to break, we have a giveaway. Our fantastic friends at Wyrmwood have this amazing dice tray to give away. It is the wenge dice vault with tiger maple inlay, that beautiful two-tone. This will be going to one of our fantastic victors to this. To enter, you have to head over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, and enter the word "stowaway." Stowaway is the word. Enter it once; more than that, you'll be disqualified. Once again, only for people in the US and Canada, excluding Quebec, because of stupid giveaway laws. Anyway, we'll have the winner when we come back. We'll see you in a few minutes. [break] All of you. Except for Yasha, because she was not nearby. This chamber is somewhat triangular, but the corners are curved. At each of these walls, between each curvature, there is a banner hanging about 12 feet off the ground on a brass rod. The banner hangs almost to the floor. You see four pillars a little closer inside the chamber. Each banner is a different color. The ceiling's about 15 feet high and there are two corpses on the floor nearby. Both long-dead and mummified, their skin paper-thin and pulled against their bones, their faces twisted in horror. You see the light gray stone walls and where these banners are, there are two on the side parallel to each other and two on the other. There is a red, a green, a blue, and a black. Each of these banners has gold embroidery down the sides and a gold embroidered symbol in the middle. The same symbol as the cloak that you found. Nope. Mm-hmm. Halas. No. There are four pillars. They are smooth. They appear to be either decorative or load-bearing, but there is nothing about them that catches your eye. If you want to take a closer look, you can make an investigation check, if you want. Stone as well. Pretty solid and featureless. They are both wearing clothing. There's not much dust on them. Which means either it's fresh or not a lot of dust to have collected. From what you can see, none. Make a medicine check. There's a faint aura or a faint scent, but either these corpses do not emanate a lot of smell, or it has faded in time. Okay. Just to give you guys a visual representation-- Placing yourselves where you would like to be in here, if you don't mind telling me where you'd like to be placed. One here and one here. Their faces are twisted in a horrible expression of ghastly terror or pain, but you don't see any wounds. Did you roll a medicine check? Yeah, you don't see any wounds or any gashes. Their last moments were probably pretty terrifying. You moved aside the-- The blue one? Okay. As it pulls behind, it reveals to be a statue that is embedded in the wall behind it. Up on hind legs with claws in front, you see a dragon made of stone, carved, wings blending up into the stone behind it. Its mouth open, its eyes these very bright sapphires embedded in its head. Immediately as it opens up, the mouth lights up blue. Make a dexterity saving throw. And Caleb and Nott. Correct. What did you roll? Okay, still half damage. Failure. You take no damage, Nott, as you dodge away. The rest of you watch as this bolt of blue energy fires outward as a thick beam of electrical energy shoots across the room. It hits by and skims the front torso of Twiggy as she pulls out of the way. You watch Caleb spin and take it straight to the chest as Nott ducks out of the way. Caleb, you take 18 points of lightning damage. Twiggy, you take nine. Okay. Okay. Also, make a concentration check. For Mage Hand; I believe Mage Hand is concentration. Oh, no, it lasts for a minute. I'm sorry, you don't need to. It maintains itself. That's my bad. It did. It went (crackle) across. It hit the tapestry and dissipated. The electrical energy didn't seem to impact or hurt anything. It covers the statue. Is anyone else adjusting their position, or are you staying where you are? Yeah. It went (crackling) through the chamber. Where do you want to go? All right. Caduceus, the one nearest to you, you're casting--? As you sit there for a second holding your staff, your shield strapped over the arm, your hand goes down. You close your eyes and focus, and the corpse on the ground staring off, its eyes dull and the pupils smoky and gray, breathes in its chest, seems to inhale, and it holds the air there, awaiting your questions. "The wailing creature." "Onyx black." "We had found an object and toyed with it." "Nothing." Four questions; you've got one more. "No." That final bit of trapped air in the lung escapes and it falls to stillness once more. Okay, so you're casting Decompose on him? It's a little tight on you, but it fits. You're slender for a half-orc. You can be fit and slender. Okay. A ten-foot radius would be a bit bigger than that, so that would be the ten-foot radius. So everyone is moving into it? There's not a whole lot of space there. Don't make this the second time I've taken a hand of yours. Sorry. So? As far as you know, it doesn't affect you in a volume or noise way. You have to move over here, probably, to get into range. As you pull back the green tapestry-- You crouch down? Okay. As you pull it back, you see a statue behind it that looks to be some horribly mutated humanoid creature. Its body is bulbous and covered in sores, its neck is swollen like a toad's, its mouth and jaw open with rows of teeth, all made of stone. As it pulls back, this gaseous green fume spews from its mouth that fills the chamber around it. About half the chamber begins to fill with this before it dissipates, but it does not cross the boundaries of the hut. What are you doing next? It pulls aside the red. Behind it, you see emerge a wooden door of red-painted material and the similar symbol of Halas painted across the surface. There is a handle there. (clicking) It's locked. The hand hovers across. Roll an ability check, adding your dexterity modifier and your proficiency modifier. It takes a few minutes. This is an intricate lock. As you watch the hand finish with the third tool that is being held between the mystical pinkie, you hear a slight clink, like a spring snapped or moved. The front of the door here bursts into flame, burning out in the area. It burns solid for a good 30 seconds. Surrounded by flame, all of you are being lit by this. You're wincing from the heat you feel you should be feeling, but it's all being held at bay by the hut's boundaries. Eventually, the flames die out, the door, tapestry both untouched. Yeah, they're very hot. Sure. Make an investigation check. There are no pockets on the robe. Yeah. It's a heavy cloak, if you will. It triggered something, but you feel confident. (click, door creaking) It opens up. Go for it. Whew. You give a thorough pass. They are picked clean. In fact, you find the belt on one of them seems to have been broken forcefully, and a couple of pieces of leather that are pinched where a belt pouch may have been resting for a while. Missing. Somebody has completely rolled these corpses and picked them clean already. Make a medicine check. I mean, you glance around the areas. There's not much to really pull from that type of material. You don't see any heavy bruising like they were forcefully pulled from them while they were living, necessarily. It's hard to tell. So what are you guys doing? Okay, roll a perception check for Frumpkin. Okay. Frumpkin goes up to the doorway and looks. It is a dark hallway, no light. Frumpkin sees a little bit of light, but it's above, like there seems to be an incline. It's above and to the right. It's not a straight, narrow hall. It seems a little oddly angled. The light source on the staff now emanates and the chamber is lit well. This is open on this side. (oohing) I got to use that piece finally. Okay, so Twiggy leaves the radius and starts heading towards the far end of the room. All right, roll a stealth check. Good to know. What are the rest of you doing? You watch as Twiggy just leaves and starts heading towards the door. All right. As everyone finds their way to the door safely, you feel the moment to leave the field-- So the hut vanishes. Spell's expended. You guys exit and make your way into the hallway. The hallway itself drops temperature dramatically. It's similar to the space that you guys were in last time. You feel for the edges and there's no real shape or texture to it. It's just solid. It feels almost like stone, but not quite. It's hard to place. As you're stepping into the chamber, I would say Nott and Fjord, you both get just a hint of vertigo. You glance and you take a step into the hallway and it's an incline. You look up and you can see the light. It's hard to make out, but you see a faint bit of light at the end of it, maybe a hundred or so feet ahead of you. Just like stepping into the room and having no real idea of where the walls and ceiling and floor are. It just looks like a black shape and you're feeling some walls, but they're a little rounded. It's a strange aspect to this hallway. No, the floor just seems like a steady incline. You see the end of the tunnel, but you can't make out what's on the other side. It's too far. As Caduceus steps in with the staff, the light seems to be crushed down to where you can see the faint bit of it there, but there's something about this hallway that's swallowing the light or at least compressing it to where it's not giving off much of a radius while you are standing in it. Not necessarily, but make a perception check for me. Make an arcana check. You can't make out much detail beyond the end of the hallway. You, however, there's something about this that feels extraplanar. Meaning the end of this doorway, whatever's at the other end, is being tethered by something that's not really material space. You don't know what distance you're traveling between these two objects. Perception check. No. In fact, it's weird because the doorway itself is this well carved inlaid beautiful door. As soon as you step into the hallway and look at the opposite end, the hallway is just flush with the exterior of it and seems to curve out into the rest of the hallway. It seems intentionally placed to match perfectly, but has a natural feel to its shape. It's weird. Correct. Right. Nothing comes up. Marching order, please? Who's after Twiggy? Nott and Twiggy. Who's after Nott? Caleb in the back. You continue along this hallway, walking. It takes you a moment to realize, but as you're moving forward, the light seems to turn. Like whatever this source is, the light shifts slightly. Like whatever source is there seems to have some sort of movement. As you're paying attention and the closer you get to it, you begin to see it's like a flickering of firelight, there's a flame-based light source within whatever this next area is, but it seems to be rotating. You begin to make out shapes, vaguely, of things within that room, but it's rotating as you walk. It takes a moment for you all to realize that this chamber, you're spiraling around it, but there's no change to your sense of gravity, but it a corkscrew movement. Eventually, you come to the end of the hallway. Inside it appears to be a warm interior. It's a crafted den or study of some kind, but the angle you're at as you come to the end of it is a heavy steep angle. You see all these bookshelves and a desk across the chamber and there are candelabras in there, they're all this harsh angle, but they're not sliding, they're all held in place by something. Okay. You cast Thaumaturgy, no effect. The flames you see are inside the chamber, and you haven't entered the chamber yet. The Thaumaturgy doesn't seem to-- No. Make a perception check. No movement beyond just the slow movement of flames. In the interior of the hallway? Make a perception check. Looking around the edge of the hall, the ending, you don't see any script or symbols. Looking inside the chamber, though, as you get close and peer within, this is definitely a study of some kind. There are bookshelves upon bookshelves that round different areas. You can see a desk on the far end with a chair there. You don't see anybody in it. Across from where this desk is, you get close and push and past Twiggy and Nott to look inside. This is a tall chamber, it's maybe 70 or 60 foot tall. Taller almost than it is wide. On the opposite end of the desk, above this large collection of bookshelves, there is a heavy stained glass window that's about 30 or 40 feet tall, and about 40 to 50 feet wide. There is no light source behind it. You can see the stained glass and that there are colors to it, but there's nothing behind, no daylight to really make it clear from this distance. You'd have to get closer. Not from where you're standing. But you guys still have not entered the chamber. So everyone gets plus ten to their stealth check. I'd like everyone to roll a stealth check for me, please. Beau? Overall, pretty good stealth scores. You feel pretty confident that as you one by one enter the chamber, bracing yourself to slide down with the curved floor, and you stumble and trip as you enter because, as soon as you step in, your whole perspective shifts and gravity is as it should be in that chamber. You all step in at an odd angle and have to catch yourself as you have to reorient yourself in an instant. Yes. As you all step in the chamber, let me get a visual reference. (cheering) Pushing into this chamber, this door is already open. You guys all step into the interior of this den of some kind. It's fine. There's no fireplace, but there are candelabras throughout the chamber that give a light source that flickers throughout the interior. This is all bookcases, these are bookcases, these are bookcases, these are bookcases, this is a closed bookcase. There's a small desk here and a large desk here and the stained glass window stands up there. Once you start, all of the flames flicker brighter causing deeper shadows across the chamber. That's the door you came through. Make a perception check. You guys entered from that side. It looks pretty solid. This wall here. There's a ladder over there as well. Looks like these are all set aside for climbing and getting higher. Okay. No, you can see through it. It starts maybe six inches off where that platform starts and then continues up for the next 40 or so feet. Looking through, it is darkness, void, a lack of light. The only color you're able to make out is what the candlelight from the inside of the chamber is enabling you to see from the inside, from this side. Okay. As you all step into the middle of the chamber to look at this stained glass window above you-- Over here? Sure. You place yourselves where you want to be. As there's more light in the chamber, you can see now, above this desk there is a 12-foot-tall, six-foot-wide picture frame. In the picture frame, from the side angle, it has no image. As you step into the center, an image comes into shape. You see a tall, ten- to 12-foot-tall portrait of a man thin, of light brown skin, long dark hair that tumbles past his shoulders, a very thinly-groomed chin beard that falls to a point three or four inches below-- it's a very succinct point-- wearing a red robe with gold trim. He is wearing a handful of rings on his hands. Billowing sleeves folded across his lap. His eyes are a piercing amber-yellow color, and his lip curls ever so slightly into a knowing smile. No. No. It's lap up. A tall, thin man of light brown skin, with long, dark hair that tumbles past his shoulders, a very thinly-groomed chin beard that falls to a point about three inches below his chin, wearing a red robe with gold trim, with billowing sleeves that fold across his lap. His eyes are a piercing amber yellow. His lips curl ever so slightly into a knowing smile. There you go. Yeah, he's got some intricate rings on his fingers. Yes. It looks almost the same coloration, the same deep red, the same gold trim. While that's happening, the stained glass window, now that you have light that's illuminating it-- There is no backlight, so it's just the light that you have on it right there. It shows clusters of different colored circles and discs arranged in a strange, tethered pattern. You see different colored discs, different sizes and colorations, that are laid into this with fragments of dark blues and grays in between. They are all tethered by these silver threads and various tangled-- it looks like a crazed synesthesia equation, if you will. Anybody who's trained in arcana or history, go ahead and roll. Okay. This arrangement, you begin to make out, is a layout of the planes, the transitive planes of the Ethereal and the Astral between the realms. You see these clouds of gray and light blue that mingle and create a Venn diagram where everything overlaps on top of. They act as the threads that hold these things together and connect them in between. The inner planes showing the elemental chaos where the primordial elements were ordered into following the Founding of Exandria. You can see where the flaming sphere is placed here, and there is the water, and the wind, and the earth. That is the scattering of these inner planes. The outer planes, where the realms where the divine exist, are scattered and connected, all surrounding the Material Plane on the outer side. What you both notice, two things are off about this. One, there's no Divine Gate shown here. In this whole layout, there is no reference. Most maps or sketches or historical designs of this type of a layout contains the Divine Gate because that was a major event that happened after the Calamity and separated all of the gods from the mortal planes. LIAM and You get the sense this was designed before the Divine Gate was ever created. Number two, there is an additional shape. Smaller than the rest. A tiny, ruby-like circle that floats in the Astral Sea, that is not tethered to anything, and seems to not really fit within your understanding of the cosmos. Like the same color. Like the color of a ruby. No, it's just the same type of material as everything else. It's the glass the window's made out of. It looks like it's sitting in the center of the Astral Sea, and doesn't have any tethers. Everything else seems to be tethered by these silver cords, almost, that puts in this large tapestry. And that is just floating between all the lines in the middle of the Astral Sea. You touch it? You touch it, and all of you hear this loud, heavy shattering sound as the window shatters into a hundred different pieces, all of them stopping about three feet from the window and freezing in place. Fjord, standing before it in this void gets sucked into the darkness and the glass window closes behind him. No, no one technically was watching. So what are you guys doing? We'll get to you later. You guys notice him vanish. There's no like, where did Fjord go? You heard the wall explode and him disappear and then it reset itself and closed. Okay. Caleb's heading over to the desk. As you're walking by, Caleb, there are books and books on these shelves, and you notice that all of the books have a brass binding around them, like a lock. Like a square shaped manacle that is affixed around it, and it looks like all of them are locked in some way. There might be ways to open it, but it looks like whoever left this alone did not intend for anyone to open it but them. You guys are over at the opposite end of this closed thing. This also has a brass bar that is bolted and affixed to the closed cabinet. All right, so make an attempt with advantage. You manage to find an area underneath the bar where there's a button press or symbol, and you get one of the tools underneath, push it inside, and turn. As you do, the bar (click). It appears to be unlocked. Okay, you open the inside of the cabinet, and it is empty. Okay! You put your hands inside the empty cabinet, and it immediately closes on your arms as teeth suddenly emerge from the sides of the door. (yelling, groaning) No, actually, this is an attack on each of you. Oh, that's cocked. Okay, that is 23 against you. And that is 17 against you. All right. Each of you suffer 14 points of piercing damage. Both of you take seven points of piercing damage, but you are both currently grappled as it is slammed on your arms in a very The Thing kind of way, like when the guy's chest opens and closes. Yeah, it's some John Carpenter. It closes on you and you see on each of the doors where the striations of the wood are, they split and you see these eyes peek through at you. Okay. All right, that Invoke Duplicity appears. Where do you want her to be? Okay, yeah, so you guys are both up here right now. All right, I need you guys to roll initiative. Nope! Okay, so, 25 to 20? 20 to 15? All righty. SAM and There you go. 15 to ten? Beau is going at the same time as the cabinet. I love saying that. That's an actual phrase that exists. I'm so happy. Ten to five? Okay, got you. Caduceus? All right. Twiggy, you're up first. It is. You have to use an action to try and escape with an ability check. You can choose either acrobatics or athletics. 19 is enough! You manage to wedge your arm-- -- and pull out, and, yeah, you manage to free yourself from its grasp. Okay, easy enough. You manage to back up to there. That finishes your go. Nott, you're up next. Two peas in a pod over here. You manage to pull yourself free of it as well and back up to this side. And pull away, no worries. That finishes your go. Beau and the cabinet go at the same time. Your dexterity is higher than the cabinet's so you go first. It's a cabinet. (singing) Levitz pained! (spoken) What are you doing? All right, the cabinet-- Yeah, this is full on, we're talking dark side of Beauty and the Beast here. Just making its way forward. It does notice it's an illusion. It just steps through it. It moves through and it's going to attempt to bite. It can bite whoever is adjacent in front of it. As you guys move back, it's going to try and open and try and swallow you up into it. It's going to attempt to lean forward and pull you into the cabinet's mouth. Against you, Nott, that is-- Ooh, that's a 12. I don't think that hits. No, it's just a hit. Yep. And against you, natural 18. Yeah, all right, so you suffer-- You've had your turn since, so you have your reaction back. Yes, you can. So it would be 16 points of piercing damage, which is reduced to eight; however, you are swallowed. So you're inside of it now. It scoops you up. It lowers down and slams the cabinet shut as it pulls back. Twiggy's legs are kicking there, and like Audrey 2, it just sucks her inside of the cabinet. She's used to this! Caleb, you're up. Make an investigation check. Taking a minute to glance through, a couple of things. One, you pull open one of the drawers. You see a glass jar about this big that contains about a hundred or so of these small glass beads. There's that. You go, "Okay, that's that." On the desk itself, there's a large vial of ink, about that big. It's a heavy vial of ink with this big red quill placed next to it into a little cap. The cork that has been removed from the ink vial is laid there next to it on the table. You see, in another cabinet, a small porcelain doll. It's made of porcelain and silk. It's crafted to look like a young woman in a very fine blue and black silk dress. The hair is long and silver, and the hair in particular is very realistic. That's all you find in the desk. That'll put you there. I'm saying you're at the desk to search it. So that's (counting) 30, which puts you there. That finishes your go, Caleb? Jester, you're up. Go for it. Yeah, you can. Second level, so is that 4d10 damage? Roll to hit first. You have to roll a d20 and then add your spell attack. Yes, not hard to hit. It's a cabinet. 17 definitely hits. Roll damage. Since your illusion is immaterial-- go ahead? You'll find out. Hon hon hon, nom nom nom, I love me some gnome flesh! 20 points of damage. The burst of necrotic energy slams into it, and the cabinet shakes in place. The eyes roll in pain for a second, and they withdraw into the wood before they pop out once more from the doorways. It seems to chew for a second in anger, but it looks hurt. It's not bloodied, but that was a hefty hit. Not bad. That finishes Jester's go? Caduceus, you're up. I got caught up in it. Sacred Flame is a dexterity saving throw? Nope! It's not very fast, this cabinet. 14 points of damage. You watch this burst of divine energy around it with this faint aqua glow to it as it burns around it. The area where it hits, you see the wood darken and splinter. Its boxlike shape is beginning to warp and twist a little bit as it's starting to give up a little bit of its instinctual form. Now it's looking hurt. That finishes your go? Twiggy. Top of your turn. First things first, it's digesting you. You take, ooh, that's 15 points of acid damage. You are inside of it, still. I'd allow it. There's few places as exposed and vulnerable as the inside of its mouth! Okay. You are restrained, so it's disadvantage on the attack, but it is also the inside of its mouth, so try it out. 19 points of damage from the inside as you jam the dagger up into the top of the cabinet. It's a combination of wood striation and weird liquid muscle that are pushing against you as it's digesting you. You jam upward where you imagine the head might be. As you do, you hear (groaning) from the inside. It begins shifting and quaking, and the muscles are beginning to spasm. It needs to make a constitution saving throw, which it fails and spits you out. You are prone on the ground adjacent it. But it does like, (throwing up). It is a coating of semi-translucent film with a very faint green texture to it. But it mostly looks like spittle, a very thick spittle. You're covered in it. We're talking Ghostbusters slimer hit covered. You still have movement. You can. Half your movement to get prone, if you want to, unless you want to crawl. Yeah. Yeah, your call. You can get under the table if you want. You leave this little trail on the ground as you get under the table. You got it. Nott, you're up first. It does not count as an ally. Okay, you step away. It takes an attack of opportunity with you. It's going to attempt to bite at you and consume you. That is a 15 to hit. What's your armor class? You just manage to duck out of the way as it slams shut inches from your body. You are going to attempt to hide over here or over here? Oh, this way. You manage to bonus action hide. All right, roll a stealth check. You feel pretty stealthy. You feel pretty hidden. Just throwing it out there. All right, so you move back out. Oh, that's right, yeah. It's fine; he's still hidden. You do have advantage on the attack since it did not see you. Yeah, all right. Roll a d6. On a one or a two, it's the defunct one. Perfect! Well, regardless, how do you want to do this? As it vanishes into its mouth heart, the cabinet closes shut. The eyes go wide for a second, and you are waiting for the explosion like, (straining). Yeah. It goes (sneezing) and starts sneezing heavily. As it's sneezing, the wounds that it's taken are causing it to sneeze up its blood. It is leaving puddles on the ground, until eventually the eyes roll back and it falls on the ground. It's a room filled with books, Caleb. Make a choice. Make a perception check. Looking up there, behind one of the cabinets, you see a small stack of books that haven't been categorized yet. They're still locked with the same bronze binder, but it looks like they were set aside, like somebody threw them up there to get to later. All over the place. Up here is where Caduceus is. Yeah, go for it. Make an investigation check. They do not appear to be trapped, but they are definitely locked. These bronze clasps around their form. Is that for one book? One book. You try and get there, and the lock breaks. One of your tools snaps inside. There's the second book and the third book. That book, the metal brace opens up, and the book is available to you. Make a perception check. Looking around, no. You see the smooth glass of different colors, and you see the seams that hold them together where it's been sealed. You can see the various colors and shapes around it. Nah. You're panicking a bit. That's what Caleb checked earlier. No one's looked at that, necessarily. Okay. You are going to head to that desk there. Okay, make an investigation check, and perception check for you. Oh, I see. Then make an investigation check. Looking around, you see, amongst all the books that are latched in, there's one big, beautiful, red leather book with sapphires embedded in it along the base. It's locked in, and it's placed ostentatiously in the center of the center bookcase right there. You don't catch any other hidden chambers, but that stands out. You, checking the desk, it is locked. It is arcane locked. You look it. You're like, "This is not moving." You're not sure if it's trapped, necessarily. But glancing at it, you're like, "This is locked," and it's locked in a way where you're not entirely certain. You could try, but it's going to be a very hard lock. Go for it. (laughs) Total of? 20? It's not budging. Interestingly enough, the books' titles are not visible. They are blank, and then once the binding comes off, the title appears on the front. The title of this says Public Debate Records Forum of Zeidel. That one comes off. This one, no title appears. You see instead a burn mark appear on the front, like it's singed. Okay, you're watching them come over with these two books, and they put them on the table in the center. Which book do you open? Okay. As it opens up, the pages pull open and come to rest. Nothing happens. It's a book. You can see there is a place on the inside where a name might have been placed, but that also has been burned off. You can see from the way it opened up there are a few pages torn out. It looks to be maybe a hundred or so pages. It's investigation. Sure. If you're helping him out, yeah. Roll again. It's hard to say. It's definitely a very pretty book. It's trying to get your attention by the way it's designed and placed. Make a perception check, Caleb. You're paying attention to this layout. They open up this book on the table, and you glance over at it. You look back, and you look back at the book. Those are spell equations. The one that they just opened on the table. The burned one. Touch the one that's open? Okay. You touch it. It's a regular book. Make an investigation check, Beau. Since Jester's helping you at this point, you can do it with advantage because you guys are both glancing at what to do. Skimming over it, you actually wait for a moment where Caduceus is walking and the light hits it. You can see a point on the glass where you can just make out the faint dimming of the reflection across the smooth surface the fingerprint left by Fjord. In a very Sherlock Holmes moment, you see the one moment across the glass where it's not quite as shiny, and it's that single bit of red that's imbedded in the glass. Technically, it has to be something you touch. So you can put it on the glass-- Light as a cantrip is a touch spell. Okay. As the globs appear on the opposite end, they're snuffed out. Make an intelligence check, Caleb. The void, the vacuous darkness behind this, reminds you very closely to the hallway that you traveled in here on. Okay. You can go ahead and cork the ink and take it with you. Okay. All righty. Double checking here. You cast Dispel Magic. There's a release of arcane energy across it-- sorry, the divine energy. You see the sparkles slowly fade as your concentration ends. Okay. It's not locked anymore. It's a (rumbling). It's one of those roll tops that slides up. Okay. As this is happening, the glass shatters. You watch as both Beau and Jester get pulled in. It closes back behind them. (glass shattering) Twiggy's gone. Half your party is now gone. Who knows where. What are you doing? Okay. It's empty. All right. You guys go back up? Okay. You stay behind. Caduceus, same thing shatters, pulls him in, and then closes and reforms itself. These books, as you pull, they're stuck in the shelf. It seems like the mechanism has locked them into place. This is to unlock. This is your thieves' tools. The book comes free. (strained) It's not moving. It's not budging. The second one comes free. As he's moving up there? There's a bunch of shelves books on the bottom row, there's the center row with the big shiny book, there's the top row with the other books-- You go and pull? They're in place. They're not loose. Okay. Doesn't work. Doesn't come free. All right. You press the button? (glass shattering) Closes behind. I'll move this out of the way. So Fjord. The sensation of being rapidly thrust through darkness at a breakneck speed is tough on you for the moment that it's there. Your sense of physicality is stretched for just an instant, infinitely. A point of light rapidly growing towards you until you're pushed through a circular portal of some kind. You're falling. You're falling forward. Gravity is pulling you this direction. Make an acrobatics check for me. You fall 20 feet. Oh, not too bad. You suffer four points of bludgeoning damage as you slam down onto a circular stone dais. It's rising out of the middle of this chamber about two feet up. You slam into it, get up. There's a smattering of bone fragments across this platform and the floor around it. Bone fragments, bones. You look around you and you're standing in the center of an arrow-shaped chamber. It pulls back a little bit behind you, but to the back-right of you, there is a long hallway that goes into darkness that way. To the back-left of you, there's another hallway that goes into darkness behind you. In front of you, the chamber continues on for about another 40 or so feet. There's a dead end. It curves to a dead end and there is a pedestal in shadow with an orb there set onto this pedestal. Before it sits more corpse fragments surrounding glittering coins and jewels-- lots of jewels and gems-- what little bit of low light in here is catching them. What little bit of light there is, it's just the dull blue light. You can look up and the portal that you fell through is this faint blue sparkling loop that is the only light source in here. The rest of it's through your darkvision. You can just see the faint flicker of it reflect and refract through these scattered gemstones amongst this pile and a curled mass of deep cerulean blue scales. You hear a heavy snort from under a large, rigid horn as a pair of pale blue eyes open and focus onto you, the body of the large creature remaining at rest while its folded wings twitch. Powerful, but surprisingly slender, this young blue dragon lifts its head to address you. (snarling) "The smell of unfamiliar sneak thieves finds us. The way is shut to you." "That, you have." You're not entirely certain where the pile of loot and the creature's body really begins. It's partially submerged into this nest that it's burrowed itself into. Besides from its neck that slowly begins to extend as its head lifts to meet your height, you can't really see the rest of it. It looks you over, its eyes taking in your shape. "Where's the fun in that? Why are you here, little morsel?" "Oh, please." "And what have we learned?" "Good. Tell me, what else have those grubby hands touched? I like to know the flavors to expect." The falchion appears. At which point, the head curls back and one of the arms (loud impact). You hear coins scatter as the impact sends bits of its loot across the stone floor and into the shadows around. "Ah. It's been a while since my food has played back." Okay. As soon as you turn, you hear another (loud impact) as the other arm impacts. The ground shakes a little beneath you. Make a perception check with disadvantage because you're scared as shit. You can't even focus. Your eyes blur for a moment. It stands there and goes, "Halas has not returned in an age. You shall keep me entertained "for now." Make a persuasion check. Still standing, you glance over your shoulder and you can see now its form. It's maybe, from wing tip to wing tip, about 20 or so feet. The body itself is not incredibly massive. This is a younger dragon, but it's still a fucking dragon. It turns its head curiously towards you and breathes. As it does, you watch these crackling blue bolts between its teeth, arcing between the jaws. It opens up slightly, the tongue running itself over the front. "I don't know where he walks these days. It's been a while, but we have "an arrangement." "Yes. I keep watch on some of his surroundings and he sends me food and gifts. One "day I'll be big enough to eat him and this will all be mine. But until then, I'm fine with the flattery." "He leaves little pockets around the world." He thinks for a second to himself. "Time does move strangely chamber to chamber here. If he "is, well, I guess that makes me lord of the manor." You hear another-- (footsteps) "More or less." (footsteps) "If you can call the hundred or so chambers here a house." Make a persuasion check. Roll fucking high. He goes, "Huh. I appreciate the offer, but I tend to work solo and let's be honest, I'm "hungry." There are a few flashes from the center of the above hallway as a few bodies fall through. Beau and Jester both come falling through, Bill and Ted style. Both of you guys make acrobatics checks for me. You three-point land. You three-point land. (bones cracking) (screams) Five point of bludgeoning damage to you. As you land, the dragon rears up, caught off guard, wings up in the air. I'm going to pull the map out. (cheering) For this, Jester landed there. Fjord-- sorry, Beau is prone there. And the dragon is right there. Well, let's roll initiative first. Rolled really shitty initiative. Yeah. He rolled a two. 25 to 20? Yeah, only those present. 20 to 15? Six for Jester? Top of the round. Fjord, you're up. Looking down at the end of this chamber, it's dark. There's no light source, but you have darkvision. To perceive anything in there, you have to make an action, but it's up to you. So your choice right now is focus on the dragon or explore your surroundings. Okay. Over there, we're going to throw the-- Is Blink concentration? Correct. So you're not even concentrating. All right, cool. So you cast Blink on yourself. As you cast on yourself and turn around, releasing your hand towards it, the shadows from the nearby area cling to it like chunks of a venomous symbiote for a second. As they grind into the corners of where its body is, the curse takes effect. That's the end of your turn, so I think you get to roll, right? Correct, but at the end of each of your turns-- On 11 or higher, you vanish from the current plane. That's where you were. You disappear. That ends your go. Beau, you're up. You're on the ground. Looking around, there's a dragon there. Fjord turns this way and vanishes. There's two of these darkened hallways. What are you doing? Red elemental gem. A fire elemental is summoned as if you cast the Conjure Elemental spell, and the gem's magic is lost. So as you throw it, it shatters. I don't have a fire elemental thing on me, so we'll use this for the time being. As you throw it, it breaks on the ground there. Suddenly, rising from the impact, the flames swirl and build up into a full-fledged fire elemental beneath. As for the Conjure Elemental spell, let's see if it gets its action right now. Yeah, it is concentration, so you're considered concentrating right now. It's friendly to you and your companions. Roll initiative for the elemental. Do you have stats for the elemental? It's okay. I'll find it right now for you, and I'll text it to you. Yeah, do that. Pull up the fire elemental there. Initiative, what's the number on there? You got it. That's your action. Your movement? You're still prone. Okay. Half your movement. You got it. Okay. That ends your turn. The fire elemental's turn now. It goes. It is next in the initiative order. Go for it. It's still on the ground. The mini has it flying up, but it hasn't risen yet. 18 just hits. Correct. Does it catch fire? Okay, that's the end of the fire elemental's turn. Is it going to stay there or going to move? Jester, you're up. Okay. You are now concentrating on Spirit Guardians. It's a wisdom save for the dragon. Is it friendly? Oh, look at that. Thank you for pulling that out for me. Even better. You're amazing. That's a wisdom saving throw, right? It rolled a natural 17 plus one, so 18. It takes half damage, though. You do. That's what I thought it was. Wait. An affected creature-- no, it's when it start its turn. You're right. We'll come back to it. Okay. Which direction? No, it's an action, unfortunately. Only Beau gets to do that because she's a cool monk. Okay. That ends your go. Well, the dragon is going to take its turn. The dragon is going to turn this way as it moves around the fire elemental that struck it. First, it takes d6 damage, right, from being on fire? d10 damage. Roll a d10. Eight points of damage. "Insolent creatures." (footsteps) Turns around on the fire elemental and releases this burst of electrical energy. This lightning bolt arcs from the front of its snout or channeled the horn through the fire elemental and towards Beau. Spirit Guardians... Correct, so you're too far away from it. So it doesn't take any damage. Patient Defense doesn't do anything. You have to make a dexterity saving throw, and the fire elemental does as well. That's a success. Roll for the fire elemental. Evasion happens-- oh yeah, so you take no damage. You take no damage. Roll a dexterity saving throw for the fire elemental. You duck out of the way. It strikes the wall, the stone exploding from the impact. The fire elemental takes 55 points of lightning damage. Correct. 52 damage. No, I'm sorry, 55. It's going to then fly back around to get a better area. This is actually going to take up in the air. The ceiling is 20 feet, so it gets to max at the very top. It's ten feet above anybody, so it's out of melee range unless somebody can get to the top. It's 20 feet. It's right there. The mini looks like it's flying when it's not. Now it's flying. It's at the base level. The fire elemental does get an attack of opportunity as it moves out of its range. Shrugs it off. 17 just misses. It does hit. Roll damage. The flames are burning around its body. It doesn't even pay attention. Ten damage. Not bad. That's top of the round, so (approaching screams). Next up, I believe, was it Caduceus first? In the same round. Yeah, so we'll say both of you guys drop. Both of you roll initiative. First of all, acrobatics check. Yeah, you read some books. Okay, 14. You're fine. 19. You both are fine, so you land. You actually fall past the dragon. (screams) You land on the ground like, "What?!" (wings flapping) There's a fire elemental burning over here on the side. It's absolute chaos. Both of you guys now roll initiative. See where you end up on the initiative order. 18. Caduceus is up first. And 13. So top of the round, Caduceus, you're up first. Fjord is nowhere to be seen. You can see this giant shadowy mark on the stone where electricity is dissipating and Beau looks like she just saw a ghost, maybe shit herself. Just the look! I'm not saying you did, but you have the look. Jester is surrounded by sparkling unicorns and is just like, "Uh!" What are you doing? Okay. Saving throw is? Charisma. Plus three. That's a ten. It fails. So that now has Bane on it. Boop! All the circles! Correct. Bane on that. I'll make that a yellow one. There we go. Negative d4 to all its attacks and saving throws. So you cast that, and then you have your movement and bonus. Nope, nope, nope! (singing) Where has Fjord the cowboy gone? Towards Jester? This one, or this one? Okay, so (counting) 30. It is dark in this hallway. There's no light source, so just be aware. That ends your turn. Fjord, you're going to appear ten feet from where you were. You appear there. You rush up to the very end, and you come upon a small alcove and a small crystal, a faint turquoise green-blue coloration to it. Similar to the flash that consumed the room when the sphere was being puzzled. There looks to be a groove running across and down the base of it, and across the floor, and you glance over and there's a groove running all the way down the hallway across the floor. The crystal is dull. It is dark and it is just there. All righty. Roll for an attack twice. 24 hits. Both hit! Roll damage. Nice! As you peer and run down the side, turning around and firing these bolts out, they light up the hallway as they arc past, blasting into the side of the scaled armor as they both hit. The blasts hit and take damage, but it's a dragon. It looks over, "I see you, morsel." It flickers in and out, and you're still standing there. You added your curse damage on that, right? You add your curse damage? That ends your turn, Fjord. Beauregard, you're up. (counting) You get there. You see this small alcove with a green-blue crystal that's resting there, and a groove that's running along the ground and across the wall and continues all the way down the length of the hall. You turn around and can see that both of them meet in the center, and then go in towards the platform in the middle. This was the raised pedestal you saw behind the dragon. You guys haven't even looked at that yet because you just saw a dragon and fucking ran. Okay. You touch the crystal. It's cold. No. Okay. Nothing. (counting) All right. You're underneath the dragon now, feeling the wind blowing down from the wings, scattering dust and bone pieces around. You're having to squint your eyes from the bit of debris that's being kicked up from its wings. That finishes Beau's go. Twiggy, you're up. You see Beau vanish down and come back, "Fucking "crystals, right?" At this distance-- You have darkvision 60 feet, right? You can see him down there. It's conceivable. You're a tiny little thing. That hasn't done anything yet. Unfortunately, you are next to a very bright fire elemental that is lighting up the area. You might have to creatively use the space. There are outcroppings-- You'd have to move into another area to try and get-- Correct. Okay, you are small. See if you can try it. It's going to have a higher DC. You may or may not be. Make a deception check. Yeah, you're playing it. You're owning it as you stroll forward, creepy extended fingers and billowing robe. The dragon is like (winging flapping). And just looks right back at Fjord. It's paying about as much attention to you as it did when you arrived. So you haven't angered it. But it doesn't seem to be convinced, necessarily. Unfortunately. Dragons are pretty perceptive. Good call, though. That ends your turn? Fire elemental's go. But can it fly? It's out of range, unfortunately. (burning) There you go. Does it stay put or move anywhere? Sure. He can ready his attack in case the dragon comes in range. You got it. That ends its go. Jester, you're up. SAM and Just fill the chamber with Halases! Okay, what's the saving throw on that? And a negative d4 to that. He rolled a 15 minus three. (cheering) Okay, just so you're aware-- roll an intelligence check for me real fast. Okay, gotcha. It turns into this tiny crimson weasel. I don't have a mini for that, necessarily. Here, we'll go there. That'll work. It falls down ten feet. It takes one point of damage. It's still in its form, but the fire elemental is in range and is readying its attack, so fire elemental attacks it. As the elemental slams the tiny weasel, the weasel reverts to the dragon form. Yeah, not the player. Well, no, I'll let you guys do all of your attacks, but I'll let the enemies do it, too. All right, roll damage. It's okay. That's the thing you have to consider with Polymorph. You have to decide if it's going to take damage if you're going to put it in a tiny form. It's all good. 11 points of damage. That was an awesome maneuver. Yeah, it's all good. That finishes your go, Jester. It's now the dragon's turn. You want to back up? This way? Spiritual Guardians has faded because you cast Polymorph. So you're backing up this way? It is. It's in range now. Now it's his turn. It takes fire damage at the top. Roll a d10 for the fire damage. Six points of fire damage. All right, I'm going to roll and see. Yeah, that's a six. It gets its lightning breath back. Infuriated by the fact that you just turned it into a tiny little weasel, it's going to turn this way and release another arc of lightning down. I need both Beauregard and Jester to make dexterity saving throws, please. Yeah, evasion's just an ability you have. All right, that's half. It's 51 points of lightning damage. You succeeded, so it's halved. You take 25, and you succeeded. So you take none. So you cast Hellish Rebuke. Nothing comes out. The ice gathers around you and then rockets behind you. No effect. You turn around and look at the crystal, and the crystal is now glowing. The light that emanates from the blue-green crystal travels down and arcs through the hallway, hits the center, and gives a faint line towards this object across the way. Twiggy and Beau, you guys can see, as it hits the center, this very faint trickle of energy is now hitting this far pillar where the darkened sphere is standing. That finishes-- well, the dragon's going to try and fly up again. Both of you do. You and the fire elemental do. I know. What'd you roll? A four. Yeah, so it gets out of your reach. Miss. The fire elemental does get another attack as well. Roll critical damage for the fire elemental. The dragon, however, does still manage to get out of melee range and get itself up in the air. 13 damage? Okay. Correct. With the rest of its ten feet up it's going (counting). The dragon is now currently hovering over-- Yeah, we'll say it's there. The dragon, seeing the glyphs light up, is now turning-- Yeah, it just finished its turn blasting and uses its movement to move up. That's true. You get another ten fire damage. Got it. That finishes that round. Next round, top of it, we have-- no, because you guys came in last round. Nott and Caleb, you guys have a few more rounds. You dilly-dallied back there. You guys are looking through books right now. The elemental went after Twiggy. It already went. It held its action, remember? Caduceus. You're up. Correct. You are no longer invisible. You saw none of this. You were over here in this chamber. All you saw was a blue thing go (buzzing). That's all you know. You saw lightning go down there. You heard a scream. You saw a blue glow (buzzing) up the-- Which one? Okay. You release Sacred Flame. The flame burns up around it, dissipates. No effect. Okay. Brings us to Fjord. Mm-hmm. I mean, if you want to try it. Okay. All the moisture in the air gets pulled in and clings itself to the outside of Fjord as this icy, encased chunk of arcane armor that gives off this mist around his torso. Yeah, sure! It creates this banded partial helmet, and you crack into the crystal. The armor shatters off of you, and into the crystal. The crystal glows. You're a bit dazed by it, but the light tears down to the center of the chamber. The light actually brightens in the center, and there the central orb that's there that's been dark suddenly lights up with the same dull blue-green glow as the coloration on the floor and the coloration that you noticed very faintly coming from the inside of the orb when you initially were inspecting it. Every turn you have to keep doing it. You can end the spell prematurely if you want to. God! Why won't it happen? Okay, that ends Fjord's go. Beau, you're up. Okay, so you walk up there, you look down. It's just a large pillar with intricate carvings and you see runes along the side that are darkened. There is a sphere about that big that looks similar in size to the one the got you here, but it's not as intricate. It's more of a metal ball that has hollow runes carved in it that the glowing blue-green light is emanating from. It's lighting it from underneath the faint glow and it's lightning the middle of this small alcove. Yeah, that was just your movement. Sure. You reach out and touch the sphere (whooshing), Beau's gone. That's your turn. Twiggy, you're up. The fire elemental, right now, is no longer under Beau's control. The thread has been severed that was keeping it controlled as an elemental. Yep, for the next hour, the elemental is considered an enemy. What are you doing, Twiggy? There's Jester currently now pinned in the back of this hallway by a dragon flying in the air. It's about ten feet above it. You are. You are now within its melee range because you are now considered an enemy. It was originally whirling there and then all the sudden as Beau disappears it (growling). That is my favorite descriptor of Invisibility I think I've ever heard in the history of my gaming experience. That makes me so happy. You do. It still knows you're there. It will have disadvantage on an attack as you move from melee. Or you could just use bonus action to disengage. Or just assume that it might miss, up to you. Okay. Okay. 25. You're right there. Okay, that ends your go. That brings us to the fire elemental's turn. The fire elemental does not know where you are. It's going to move to the closest target. It's actually going to, as part of its fire form-- The fire elemental is going to move through both of you. As it bursts through, you both burst into flames. So both of you are on fire. It is. It is going to attempt to attack each of you once, since you're both within his attacking. Fjord, that is a 17 to hit? All right. You take 11 points of fire damage. The armor's gone. It was consumed by the crystal. That is going to be a 19 to hit you, Caduceus? You take seven points-- sorry, ten points of fire damage. That's going to end its turn. Jester, your turn. Ten points. Yes. Which means at the top of your turns, you take 1d10 fire damage, unless you use an action to put it out. Okay. Make a concentration check for me. It's above you, it won't get an attack of opportunity on you. So you're not going to cast the spell? (counting) 30. You get there. Roll a d20. It's your constitution saving throw. You're fine. You're still there. You get there and the magic just sputters for a second. Not going to save you, unfortunately. Yeah. Aww. All right, end of Jester's turn. The dragon's turn. Yes, it takes d10 damage. I'm going to roll that. That's a nine. All right. No. He's getting close to-- You're starting to see some wear and tear. Does not get his dragon's breath back. So instead, it's going to swoop down towards Jester, trying to prevent you from escaping. So it makes three attacks. One with its bite, two with its claws. First attack at Jester. Okay, that's a 14 to hit. Right. Yeah. As it strikes with its claw, you pull your shield up, sparks fly off as its claw arcs across the outside of your shield. It strikes with its other claw. Ooh, that's a natural 19 plus-- that's 28, minus one, 27. SAM and I'm pretty sure that's it. Yeah, so the claw strike manages. As the shield pulls away from the first hit, you're not able to get back quick enough and the second claw goes right across your torso for 15 points of slashing damage. The bite is going to come after you. That is going to be a 19 to hit? Minus a d4. Minus four. It's going to be a 15 to hit. As it goes to bite towards you, its jaws open, you pull back and you instinctively put the shield up to block it and its mouth comes down on the shield, holding on to it. Caduceus in the back focuses for a second and you watch the jaw weaken and pull back. Readying itself for another strike. That ends its turn. That brings us to the top of the round. Caduceus, you're up. You guys are looking at books still. I'm sorry. You do. You take-- You can spend an action to do so. You take six points of fire damage. To get there, yes. Well, people are in a couple of rough places, and you're still missing Caleb and Nott. Up to you. You still have an action to use. I like dumb. All right. It's not concentration. I'll allow that. The flame goes out because there's no air for it to breathe. Do you step into it here? He Homer Simpsons into the stone wall. You can use your movement to leave the stone where you entered it, which ends the spell. You don't get to move through the stone. It's a lie-and-wait type of spell. Like merge into it and stay there for up to eight hours, and then once you leave it. But the fire's out and you have your movement. 25, 30. You're in the stone, currently in the wall. Got it. That ends your turn, Caduceus. Fjord, you're up. This is going great, guys. Yep, you do. You take three points of fire damage. Okay, so (counting) 25. What're you doing? Okay. Roll two attacks. Both hit. Roll damage. Nice. It gets hit twice. I'll say, go ahead and make an intimidation check. Just as part of this attack, since this was your intent. You have the dragon's attention. He was slashing into Jester, and after that, twice in the side of the head, it (growling) back towards you. You can choose to end the spell. That's a good question. Let's go ahead and check. It should tell you on the spell. Ah. So no. That ends Fjord's go. Beau, you're out. Twiggy, you're up. For an attack you do, yes. Okay, go for it. Is this with your bow? That definitely hits, and it is sneak attack because he doesn't see you. You appear in that space and you let loose an arrow that sinks itself right into the heart and scaled underhide of the blue dragon. 27 points of damage. It's looking hurt. You can see blood emitting from some of its wounds. Okay, so you move behind the pedestal? You believe that you are hidden. Fire elemental's turn. It goes this way. I'm going to go ahead and-- Jester. Roll a d6. On a one, two, three, it attacks you. On a four, five, six, it attacks the dragon. It comes over to this side. It moves into this tiny space, because it can. It's going to run past. It is going to ignite you both as it runs through. So you are on fire. The dragon's still on fire. But it doesn't lay into you with two attacks. It attacks the dragon twice. That is a natural 20 and a five. Miss. 12, plus three. 15 points of damage on that crit. Nice! Not bad. All right, that ends the fire elemental's turn. Jester, your turn. First, at the top of your turn you take six points of fire damage. You're burning. What are you doing? What are you doing, Jester? Roll your attack. You spin around. The flames are burning around you. You spin to look at the dragon and the fear wells up inside you, facing it down. Even with the flames burning around it, you can see its face coming through towards you, angry. Now that Fjord's vanished and is no longer in its sight, it's turned its attention back to you. You think you reach out for it and expend the spell, and you're just a few inches short. Okay. So you're ending your turn there, you're not going to move? That's true. The dragon's turn. Top of its turn, it does get its breath back. It rolled a six. It comes through the hallway angrily. It does. So I'll roll the attack for the elemental. Another natural 20! Holy shit. This is the luckiest damn elemental in the world. That's 12 plus three, another 15 points of damage. The dragon also takes, because it's still on fire, an additional six points of damage. It's looking hurt. I'm going to see if it rolls high enough perception to see you. Natural 18. It comes in the chamber. (sniffing) (crackling blast) This beam of vibrant blue, electrical energy arcs towards you. Make a dexterity saving throw. Correct. It just barely skims, singeing the edges of the branches that are sticking out of your hair. The rat's nest themselves curling back from the momentary heat as the flash of energy, but you avoid it entirely. Slams into the wall behind you. Stone breaks and splinters and the energy dissipates throughout the area. No damage. Rogues and evasion, man. It looks furious. (roaring) The breath itself-- it smells like burnt ozone. That's true, yeah. It's really confused by it. That ends its turn. Top of the round. Ah! Go ahead and make acrobatics checks, you guys. Acrobatics check. You both fall prone right on the sides of it as you slam into the dragon-- onto the side-- (groaning)-- on the ground. Not for dragon scales, unfortunately, but you do both take five points of bludgeoning damage from the impact. You're like-- (groaning). Both roll initiative to see where you fall on the initiative order. Eight? Okay. You're in a chamber. You land there and you see this angry, burning dragon and this tiny little version of the mage that you walked through the den of and that's it. You see the glowing sphere here on the pedestal, these lines of energy that meet in the center. The fire elemental in the back way, burning. You're Troy in Community walking in with the pizzas. You do smell the electrical remainder in the air. Caduceus, you're up. They already rolled initiative. Okay. What are you doing Caduceus? You shout that as you're stepping out of the wall. "We're "running, it's bad." You're on deck, Fjord. What are you doing? It's all good. All right. What's the saving throw on it? Okay. Is Blindness concentration? It would be a three plus four-- it's a plus four con save, so it's a 17 minus four from the Bane, so it's 13. Yeah, it's blind. You move up. The Bane fades. All right, that ends Caduceus' turn. Fjord, you're up. So there. All righty. He has reach with his bite. He has that entire hallway covered. That will put you at 30, right there. Fjord is out. At the top of your turn, because you're still on fire, you do take four points of fire damage. That's the end of Fjord's turn. It's your turn. Wisdom saving throw. No, that's cocked. It's a 19, unfortunately. Good try. (small impact) The dragon hears you speaking and looks in your direction. But where the pale blue, piercing eyes were is just a cloud of black. It is trying to sniff for where you might be. In theory, yes. Yes, it does not have tremorsense. It does have blindsight to 30 feet, I just noticed. You stay hidden? Okay, you got it. You move into the back area. Got it. Okay, that ends Twiggy's turn. Fire elemental! It's going to-- Nott, roll a d6. On a one to three, it attacks you. On a four to six, it attacks the dragon. Yeah. With advantage because you're on the ground. That is a 17. And a 16. Yeah, they both hit. You take eight points of fire damage, and you're on fire. Okay, so you take four points of fire damage. The second attack does nine points of fire damage to you. That ends the fire elemental's turn. Nott, you're up. He's within five feet of all of you. It's a sneak attack. Just letting you know, it's an explosive arrow, and you're adjacent to the creature. Go for it! 18 just hits. You're prone, so you have disadvantage on attack rolls, by the way. So you do have to roll again. We'll say you stand up. That's half your movement there. The arrow detonates from inside, creating a fiery explosion in a ten-foot radius around the creature that affects you, Caleb, and the fire elemental. The fire elemental is immune to fire; it takes no damage. The dragon, however-- will you roll 3d6? It has to make a dexterity saving throw. Actually, it does not because it was hit by it. It takes an additional 11 points of fire damage. Then I need both Caleb and you to roll dexterity saving throws. So you take 11 points of fire damage. You take none because of your evasion. You roll out of the way (dull explosion). Caleb's like, "Ah!" Still alive. Correct. You still have a bonus action and half your movement. Okay, go for it. So... You have to make an attack roll against yourself, don't you? For your weapon? As you go to fire a second round, you pull back and shoot and the mechanism misfires slightly and all of a sudden it scrapes you on the side of the cheek and you're like, "Ah!" Okay. You still have your movement if you wanted to move. I mean, you can still move within its melee if you wanted to try and re-maneuver. Okay. There you go. The fire guy does get an attack against you. That is a 12. I don't think that hits you. You just manage to avoid it. Okay. Caleb, you're up. Yep. Yeah. Mm-hmm. A dragon that looks hurt, but not death's door. And a fire elemental that is burning angrily. Good call. Okay. All right. All right. That brings us to Jester's turn. Jester. Ten feet. That's right. Unfortunately, no. He's placed in a way where-- I mean, you can. You can go-- oh god! You can go there. That way, the fire elemental is not within range, and technically the dragon-- you're just out of the dragon's range, although you're going to pass it running. You also take one point of fire damage at the top of the round because you're still on fire. Okay. I mean, there's no way to-- Yeah, so (counting) 30, you can get to. Roll for your d20. Jester remains. It's now the dragon's turn. It does not regain his lightning breath. That's good. He's going to go ahead and take three attacks. LIAM and He has blindsight within 30 feet. Yeah. That's going to be...all right. Yeah, it's going to be a claw attack on each of you. A claw attack against Nott. That's going to be an eight plus nine, 17? You take ten points of slashing damage. Got that, okay. Against Jester, that is a natural four plus nine; that is a 13 to hit. You deflect it, and it doesn't care much for Nott necessarily. You've been a threat; it's going to go after you, Jester. I'm sorry. Natural two. Not even joking. I was looking at it-- we're not out of the woods yet. As it strikes both towards you, there's that moment of quiet where your eyes close and you're waiting for the imminent moment and you hear this voice creep in your head and go, "Don't worry, I'm watching." Your arm-- without even noticing-- you feel a hand push your wrist and the shield goes up and deflects the impact. The teeth streak across it and cling to it and begin to try to pull the shield away and you instinctually muscle it away. As you do, you watch two teeth shatter and fall to the ground in front, that moment of strength billowing up inside a pretty strong cleric. That's the end of the dragon's turn. Caduceus is done, Fjord is done, and Twiggy. This is the turn, this is the moment. It's looking pretty hurt. That's as much as I can tell you. Yes. That hits, roll damage. With sneak attack. Into its throat. You watch it reach up and with its claw scrape the arrow out of the throat and as it does you see a little bit of electricity arc out from the wound. It's looking pretty hurt. You stealth into your old campaign. That ends your turn, Twiggy. The fire elemental's turn. First, the fire elemental is going to roll against the dragon, which is the closest enemy currently. Natural two, that's a miss. Natural eight. Yeah, it misses both strikes. It's going to shift around to this way. That ends his turn. Nott, you're up. At the beginning of your turn, you take six points of fire damage. Within 30 feet, he can see through blindness. Correct, it's Nott's turn. Okay. Are you disengaging? Okay. Going to run to the front; it makes an attack of opportunity against you. That's going to hit. That's a 15 plus nine, yeah, it's 24. It's going to be a bite attack against you, which does more damage. That's going to be 18 points of piercing damage. The jaws bite into you and you feel it rake across your shoulder, but you manage to pull out, roll on the ground to back up and you manage to get your arm up and pull yourself onto the platform where the orb is still glowing that dull green color. Go for it. The bolt ricochets off of the hard scales of the dragon's hide. What are you doing, man? All right, Jester's turn. At the beginning of your turn, you take fire damage. Six points of fire damage. He did. Jester's out. (groans of relief) Dragon's turn. TRAVIS and (laughing) Holy shit! The dragon's going to wail on the elemental; it can't see anything else around it. Let's see if it gets the-- Does not get its-- That's a hit, and a hit, and a miss on the jaws. That's seven damage for the elemental, if you want to keep track of this. Ooh, double sixes. That's 17 points of slashing damage to it. The dragon takes another six points from the fire. The dragon's hurt real bad. The dragon's hurt real bad. That's going to end its turn, everyone else goes by-- Twiggy, you're up. You go before the elemental. Go for it. Roll damage. We'll see if it's enough. Okay, nine plus four, so 13. You can either just roll the sneak attack and then double the number, or roll twice as many dice, it's up to you. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Quiet, shh. Still in the form? (heavy breathing and steps) It stumbles forward towards you now that you're visible, its eyes blinking in and out, looking confused, still, with the shape, and goes-- (low chuckling, impact) And falls to the ground and collapses, exhaling, bits of energy arc out of its snout and dissipate into the stone around there. The dragon is dead. Yup. (roaring flame) You can, but it's either that or touch the sphere. They did. They're scattered over in this corner. It'd be a move, grab it, and then go. Okay. (exhales) As you all, one by one, emerge, beaten, on fire-- Help put it out, for those who are still burning in flames, you find yourselves back in the hull of the ship. You see the crew, half of the crew is sitting there, looking intense, the sphere resting on the center of one of the tables off to the side, and as soon as the first of you emerge, they're like, (starts) "Where have you been?! What's going on?" Orly pushes forward and goes, "Where all you been hanging?" (whooshing) A few more appear. (impacts) Eventually, everyone makes their way out of the sphere. You hear a clattering sound, and you glance down and you see, stuck in the side of your boot, what looks like one of the errant dragon tooths. (cheering) Marius is like, "We've been waiting here for seven days." "Yeah!" "We're at Bisaft. Our repairs finished like a day ago and we haven't paid yet because you've "been fucking gone! The Dockmaster's not happy!" Yeah, it's sitting on a table. They've all been rallied around it, trying to figure out-- You guys vanished, and this was all that was left. "We figured that was the case!" "All right, it's about 130 gold for the masts, getting the various bits of the sails "repaired and fixed and everything." "All right, I'll get them paid." Mark down that amount. You watch her gnomish form vanish off the docks and mingle with the rest of the villagers of Bisaft. You both quietly sit there, drinking your tea, finishing off the watch while the rest of your group sleeps soundly in their midday bunks, recovering from the strenuous activities of surviving three chambers of a hundred-chambered mage vault extraplanar home. We'll end it there and pick up on that next week. Well done guys, holy shit! We have this ridiculous trend of guests killing bosses from the last campaign. I like that. Thank you guys so much for watching. Thank you again, Deborah, for joining. You were such a joy. Was there anything you want to talk about or plug before we leave? It looks so good.