Well, if that isn't a rush, I don't know what is. Oh man. Hello everyone, and welcome-- [cheering] Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass-- [cheering] [Matt gleefully laughing] Now before we make our way into tonight's episode, we got a few announcements to make, so be patient, please. First and foremost, the second episode of All Work No Play debuts tomorrow. [cheering] Check that out on Monday at twitch.tv/CriticalRole. Also, we do not have a Wyrmwood giveaway this week, because instead, all of our live attendees tonight at the show, when the show is over on your way out, you'll be receiving a $25 Wyrmwood gift card. Our amazing friends at Wyrmwood have been so kind to help facilitate this for all of you amazing Critters out there. On your way out tonight, make sure you grab it, don't forget it, you'll regret it. Whew. Man, my heart is going (quick pounding). Never get used to this. A quick little thing before we get started on the game. We mentioned it earlier this year, we have our fantastic continuation of the Vox Machina Origins comic book with Dark Horse that we're in development on. The next six issues are currently-- we're in the process of getting them going. Currently, the planned date is the summer of next year. We're happy to announce that our original artist, Olivia Samson, a fellow Critter from the community, who's done an amazing job, is returning to be the artist for this. We're going to reveal a couple little art pieces here to show you some of the new characters you'll meet next summer, including our very own Pike and Percy. If you want to give a quick view of that up there. [cheering] We have casual prison Percival in his true Whitestone, pale-ass self. We got Drez Vina, we got a temple keeper who was working for Lady Kima in Westruun. We have Realmseer Eskil Ryndarien, who you saw a few times throughout the first campaign, as well as Nala the dryad, who you got to meet-- the nymph that you got to meet later in the campaign. You get to see her first interaction with Grog. A couple other fun characters that you'll get to see throughout the story. Anyway, really excited about that. More information will become available as it does, but hopefully you guys get to enjoy it next year. [cheering] We've got a few quick announcements again. Like how I did that? Pull those heart strings. We have our fantastic sponsor for the evening. Since the beginning of the campaign, our good friends at D&D Beyond. Thank you, Sam and Ashley, and thank you our friends at D&D Beyond. And thank you Hamilton for hopefully enduring that terrible butchering of a wonderful piece of music. I think it was hard to avoid down the road, yeah. Well, all right guys. Let's go ahead and bring us in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. And welcome back. Do we have the mic working now? Perfect, there we go. Welcome back. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein, in following a thread of information that may tie into some aspect of Fjord's curious history after he chest-vored a sphere, discovered that, apparently, a group of individuals were hired to retrieve this and bring it to a Captain Avantika. Upon following this thread, you found your way to the city of Nicodranas on the Menagerie Coast, outside the Dwendalian Empire. You met up with Yasha once more, you happened to take care of a man who was bothering Jester's mother. Very thoroughly. Upon coming upon this character, Marius LePual, who you've been following, you got into an altercation at the docks and accidentally took their boat. However, you managed to sneak your way back to Nicodranas the following day before it seemed there was much of an uproar searching for you. You stealth hired a crew, including bringing Orly the tortle bard on as your navigator, and made your way out to sea towards this island called Urukaxl that you believed may have been the one, based on this piece of a map that you had recovered within the ship, The Mist. You changed the name of the ship to The Mistake. You became Captain Tusktooth, was it? Following the map, you made your way through the reef, taking on a bit of water briefly, but thankfully through some ingenuity, some quick repairs, and the tenuous use of a magical tent, you kept it from sinking, and going towards the shoreline of Urukaxl, there appeared to be another ship, a larger ship, waiting in the nearest bay. Upon attempting to possibly make your way around it to run it aground, the ship seemed to be cutting you off, and fired a warning cannon shot across the bow. You decided it was best to stop, and began to gather yourselves as two small rowboats were making their way towards the outside of The Mistake to whatever ends that may come to. Caleb, are you still below deck holding onto your spell? Good. Because I believe that is where we left off. Mighty Nein, as you see these two small boats slowly rowing their way towards you from the far side of the bay, what do you do? Thankfully the intelligent creature managed to swoop up before hitting the surface of the ocean there. Frumpkin continues to head off towards the other ship. At this point in time, the rest of the rowboats travel, just about to reach the bottom of The Mistake. Well yeah, as you're waiting here. If there's anything else you want to prepare in the meantime, I know you had said you changed your form to look like the previous captain. No, you were far away. Yeah. It was less that you were far away and more that you were in the water, and then made a thunder strike, and then were far away, and then he was paralyzed-- Sorry. Mm-hmm. You can certainly try, yeah. Okay. I envision like the anime girl, where like all of a sudden the eyes are covered in shadow. Yeah, perfect. All right. [cheering] Make a perception check. They're getting pretty close, so it's not a terrible DC at this point in time. There are two figures in one boat and a very large figure in the other, alone. One of the boats is like, sinking in the water, or not really sinking, but is definitely pushing towards the boundaries of buoyancy. The other boat, however, seems to carry two figures, one looks to be a female, a little older, maybe in 50s or 60s, the other figure seems to be the one that's rowing. I will say you cannot quite make out that detail from this distance. Are you lowering any of the rope ladders, or? You got it. Yasha? At this point you hear the two dull (thuds) of the two other small rowboats hitting the bottom of the ship, and you hear the climbing up the side of the boat. Eventually emerging, the first thing you see is one giant meaty hand come over the top of the side of the ship, and rising up, you see a haggard female ogre. You see stringy, greasy hair that's peeling in front of the face, obscuring part of one eye, the other one looks to be a bit clouded. You can see these like streaks of dark, what would've been possibly makeup, and beyond that, a leather tunic and these thick, rippling, muscular arms. She eventually gets over the side of the ship and then puts her hand over and helps the other two up. One of them appears to be a gentleman, probably in his late 30s, mostly bald, a little bit of hair on the sides, a light blond, and he seems to be a little more demure compared to the two. Immediately his gait and presence seems to be more of at least a lower position on the hierarchy of the other ship. The last one that comes up is the woman that you saw. This woman, she's a tougher-looking middle-aged woman, thicker, heftier body, weathered face. She's wearing tattered robes, but beneath that there is a set of leather armor, there is a cutlass to one side, and she has this small amulet that's dangling from a heavy chain around the neck. As they step up, the ogre looks around at the rest of you and grins with this broken, toothy glare. (snarls) The woman clears her throat and addresses you. "You are requested to the bows of "The Squalleater immediately." "It is recommended by the captain that you immediately make your way across with whatever "boats you have available. There's a space for some with us, but should you decline or make any move "outside of complete and utter compliance, you and your ship will sink." She turns to you with like an intense glare and goes, "Jawgrasp, you seem to have sustained "some sort of terrible wound." Make a deception check with advantage. "If you come with whatever your most immediate crew is," and she looks about and says, "And it would appear that you've lost most of your previous crew?" "So you bring unproven individuals into our plans?" The woman glares back and forth across the troupe of you and goes, "Well then, some of you "come onto the ship, the rest, take it into shore with Bouldergut." Points to the ogre, and the ogre goes, "(grunts) To shore." "Do you not have a ship of yourself?" You have a rowboat. "Then come, please." She immediately starts to climb down with the help of Bouldergut the ogre. Down into one boat, the helper that she was with goes down with her, and there are now the two rowboats and the rowboat that you have at your disposal. It looks like the ogre is staying onboard to help whoever's behind take The Mistake to shore. (snarls) Big, big grin. The rest of the crew, who has known you for three days, goes like, "Huh." They start getting the ropes ready, start pulling the anchor up. Okay. As you're sitting there concentrating with all this going on, the tension of what we were just told by Fjord a moment ago, you watch as Nott runs down to grab you. Okay, you watch as this sphere immediately vanishes as you exit the exterior of it, and what brief repairs were placed against there seem to hold for the time being. There is a slow leak. You do see it is taking on water, but it is, at the moment, a trickle. In the rest of this journey when you came out of the reef, Gallan had done his best to repair it, but there's only so much you can patch something like that. It may hold for a while, who knows? Gallan literally as this is happening sees the leak and goes like, "Okay, you know, this is-- "it should work. As long as we don't stay out here for too long, I think we'll be okay." "Great, perfect. Have fun wherever you're going." "You said something about pirates?" Make a deception check. He goes, "Oh, I mean, I hate fucking rats." "I'm glad you took care of them. That gets real bad as far as the food stores down here in "the cargo hold. Thank you for that." "All right, toodaloo!" Sits down and gets himself an orange, unaware. All right. You guys make your way back to the deck of the ship. Okay, good to know. I hope that's written in your inventory. All right, so are you all getting in the boats, or are some of you staying behind? What's the plan? All righty. All of you make your way down into one of the three boats, and begin rowing your way across this gulf to the ship. Now as you approach this ship, you can see it's a massive, tri-mast ship. You can see where those doors were open, there are large, heavy cannons facing your direction. Yeah. I'm so proud of you. From the gun ports on the gun deck or the tween deck, as it's sometimes called. [cheering] All right. As you guys are climbing, you see The Mistake is now being led over towards shore. You make your way to the top of the deck, and as you come across, one by one, you see there waiting for you is about ten figures, all in various scattered bits of seafaring attire, leathers and billowing cloths that seem to have seen many a journey out here on the open Lucidian Ocean. Immediately, your attention is grabbed by the central figure, a female elf, with light brown skin, with red, wild hair that falls in clustered strings around her face and down the back. You see she's wearing a long, sleeveless gray coat with a high collar that bends at the edge of the shoulders, with a thick scarf around her neck. You see she has heavy elbow-length gloves and knee-high boots that look weathered with use and probably brutality. They are stained in places where that could only have been acquired by meeting the face of somebody else. As you step up, she has her arms crossed in front of her, cocks her head to the side and looks to you specifically and goes, (french accent) "Well hello, Captain. You have returned from your journey, Jawgrasp?" "Successful? Well wondrous. Please, give me the item requested." [laughter] "Who are you?" "Captain, it would appear to me that you have brought The Mist all this way across our "specific route through the reef with a crew that I have not met, please introduce me." "This surprises me not at all." [laughter] She nods along, with a very confused look on her face. "Cornelius. Very well, I look forward to seeing what you are capable of cooking up, Cornelius." "This one?" "She's adorable." "What about this little runt you brought on?" She turns back to you and begins to walk a circle around you, arms behind her back now. Folded. "Jawgrasp, so you come to me with a new crew, and you tell me that you are successful but "yet you are not. Describe to me what transpired to prevent you from acquiring this thing you have paid for." "How did this terrible, terrible thing happen to you?" She reaches up and touches the side of your neck. Her hand passes through-- --the illusion, and she steps back and goes... [groaning] "I must commend you, it has been a very long time since someone has been so bold with such "massive balls to come onto my ship. And I think that perhaps I got where I am today not by seeing "through a few paltry illusions." You drop the the Disguise Self, okay. As you say that and the Disguise Self drops, you hear a series of sounds that you hadn't really heard in succession before. (clicking) [groaning] Have them trained on the lot of you. The captain still now has her hands crossed in front of you and goes, "Well, I guess now that we are out in the open, who the fuck are you and how did "you come in the possession of The Mist?" "But there are only seven of you." [laughter] "So you are the captain of that ship. Are you suggesting that we parlay?" [laughter] "Very well. Well, since you've been so forthright, Tracy, Phillip, Sapphire, Cornelius, "Janet, and Gilli-gone?" "Welcome aboard the Squalleater. I am Captain Avantika. Now, the fact that you are here, "that you've made your way across the reef, that you managed to best our sister ship and the crew "on board, which I assume have all been dispatched?" You do, you do. [cheering] Yeah. Make a Perception check. You look around real fast and you see a few birds are perched up in the sails, but you don't know which one's Frumpkin, if Frumpkin's up there. One of them does look small, might be him. Right now you look up and you can see through Frumpkin's vision, down on the deck, Frumpkin has a view from above and is present. The captain continues. "Well, then my next question "is, what are you planning here? Why have you gone to all this trouble to kill my crew, to bring the "ship right back to me and then, to be perfectly honest, prostrate yourself before us?" "Troubles?" "Do you know the purpose of this item?" She looks at you with an eye that has tore through a thousand lies, and gives a surprising smile of acknowledgement. "Interesting. Well, you've proven that you are talented, at least, to "have survived this far. But I'm a bigger fan of loyalty. Talent and loyalty, well, that is "obviously my birthday. As it stands, The Mighty Nein, there are two paths you can walk. You, one, "could live under the crew and proves yourselves as both skilled and as trustworthy as I hope you may "be, if our goals are indeed aligned. Perhaps even join us, if the deeds please me. Or two, we weigh "your corpses down with rocks and leave you here amongst the reef." "I'm afraid so, little Sapphire." "Captain, what was your actual name?" "Captain Fjord. What'll it be?" "We'll stick with Fjord." At the moment you say this, you feel this cold sensation in the back of your skull as one of the cocked rifles is now pressed up against the base of the head. You have a no idea. She goes, "There is no negotiation. I'm sorry, but the choice you make now, that is--" "Well, based on the fact that you brought yourselves this far to tell me that you have it, I "would assume that it's somewhere either on your ship across the way that I currently am in "possession of, or it's on your person, so we could rummage through your bodies to find it afterwards." [laughter] "I'm afraid I'm not as involved in the arts as some, perhaps." She puts her hand up and raises her fingers twice, and you feel the pressure of the barrel back off, and all the guns eventually, they stay trained on you, but they pull back a bit and go lax a little bit. "Do you agree?" "Well then, Mighty Nein, welcome to the Squalleater." (claps) All the guns pull back a bit. Everyone stays present, and they're keeping an eye on you. As much as this agreement has happened, there's still a sense of careful watchfulness from the crew, but Avantika seems to drop that intensity and reaches forward a hand to shake yours. "If you're hungry, there are plenty of fruits that have dropped from the trees on the "island. First order of business, some of my men are going to work to begin repairing my other "ship. In the meantime, you relax, bring your things aboard. I would like to question some of "you about what you know." As the captain turns to the older woman who accompanied you and goes, "Vera. Let me introduce "you to your charges for the evening." The captain, "I will return in just a little bit, but in the meantime, Vera can answer your "questions. Don't do anything stupid." "Good." The captain steps down into her quarters, and Vera approaches and looks you all over with a very intense glare. "All right, so. Welcome. Are you hungry?" "With me." She turns around and begins to leave. You begin to see in the distance another boat. One of the boats that you guys had taken to the ship has made its way in the direction of The Mistake. What would you like to do while you're here on the ship? They're still watching you. You're still on the deck, but you have some time to discuss or anything you want to do. At the moment, nothing. Yep. Within a short time of you guys having this conversation, Vera returns to the deck of the ship and goes, "The captain would like you to please join her in the quarters below, please." "Sure." You guys follow Vera down below to the dark, and it takes a second for your eyes to adjust going from the bright daylight to the darker quarters in the deck below, but you're led to the captain's quarters, this beautiful open room with a mismatched patchwork of old carpets that have all been laid over each other from various designs from around Exandria. There's a desk that has a bunch of carve marks into it, there's some papers laid out, and there you can see Avantika, sitting with her legs up on the desk, currently eating on some sort of a tropical fruit, watching you all enter with a bit of a grin on her face. "Please, fill the space." Make a perception check. Yes actually, on the right side of the room, there is a small pack of freshly collected tropical fruits, there's some nuts, a cheese that's been designed for longer travel and will keep well. "By all means, please." The doors close behind you, but before the doors close, all the rest of the crew that were armed are essentially right nearby waiting to storm in at any given point in time. Right outside the door. It's just you and the captain, from what you can tell. It's just you guys. You see a couple of windows and a doorway behind her that leads to a balcony that looks out the back of the ship. You see a couple of papers. Actually, you see a familiar-looking map. Akin to what you guys were supposed to have last week, but the mail service decided not to have it. We have the map of the Menagerie Coast and another map that has a similar layout to what you found mostly burned in The Mist. As well as a few other pieces of paper that appear to be tucked away into portions of the desk. Make an investigation check. Actually, this would be a perception check. It's just a glance, but it's going to be a higher DC. Investigation, you'd have to actually physically rummage through the room, so make a perception check. Both of you make a perception check. You rolled balls? Going to get you a d20, that instead of a one, it has a pair of balls. Right there, yeah. An eight? The room looks pretty solidly made, and the floorboard, while there are scuffs to it, there's nothing that gives you the idea that there would be any hidden compartment or any sort of small cubby that would be out of view. What'd you get? You do see two books that are laying on the shelf to your left amongst a set of candles. There's a small lantern. You see a set of navigation tools that are barely poking out of a small wooden box. Yeah, there are two books there. You can't quite see the binder, or if there is anything written on the sides. It's pretty plain-bound. Anyways, the door's closed. The captain looks to you and goes, "All right, so now that you've agreed to become our friend, I would "like to see the first test of you proving your loyalty. You have this item I require? You have it "here? Where is it?" (laughs) "Little goblin girl, trust me. I have a decent idea of what I'm doing." Make a deception check. She goes-- nein-- "Oh my goodness, that sounds terrible. Well, obviously we cannot have "you touching it, then." "Please, cut through the bullshit for me, please, Captain Fjord." "Will you tell me if I call you Tusktooth?" "Then, Captain Tusktooth, please tell me." [cheering] "Respectfully, you're not in a position, once again, to negotiate. You tell me and I'll "tell you, a little back and forth. Honestly, the one who has to prove their loyalty right now is "not myself." "I wonder how it found its way there?" Make a deception check. "You know precisely where it lies in the reef?" "Show me," and she pushes forward the map, the same similar map to what you were given. You have it with you? "So you stole my ship and came all this way to tell me that this item was not in your "possession and is another place. Why were you coming to the island? I'm very confused." "Well, first off, Marius LePual is merely a bullshit messenger, but I'm glad at least he "could bring you to us. Is that all you know about the actual sphere?" She's looking right into you, lids half-closed, this dagger stare of trying to read any sort of give. "Very well, let's trade a bit. The object I have not seen before, but I know of it and am "hoping to bring it to this island for a purpose. I had recently hired an individual known as Jamedi "Cosko, a very well-established adventurer, delver of dungeons. Cosko is a--" Not Costco. [laughter] C-O-S-K-O, Cosko. "To spend a few days across the jungles of the island to see what there is to be found there. "You see, this object, this sphere, it needs to return. There is a temple in there that is from "long ago, and has been since refitted by its current denizens. Something at the very bottom of "that temple requires to be reunioned, reunited with this thing I seek. So--" "Does the name Uk'otoa mean anything to you?" She throws a quick dagger in the direction of Caleb that drags the cheese from his hand and sticks to the wall. Apparently. (laughter) Uk'otoa. Spelled U-K apostrophe O-T-O-A. "Uk'otoa, the great leviathan." "The great leviathan." Her eyes are trained on Fjord as she says this. "Well, you see, I am the chosen of Uk'otoa." She pulls the scarf down from under her neck, and in the sternum, there is a tattoo of an eye. (gasping) [cheering] "You see, this great serpent once ruled the Lucidian Ocean." Your reactions are killing me, Travis. "Shortly after the Calamity washed this land clean "and Zehir, the Cloaked Serpent god, was banished long away, one of his greatest creations was left "to rule this ocean Uk'otoa." "The indigenous people of this series of islands, the Swavain Islands, called the Ki'Nau, "were granted the blessing of Uk'otoa." "Nothing and no one could stand before them. However, the surviving worshipers of this "once-powerful god, now banished, grew jealous, and sealed him beneath the rocky depths of the ocean, "defaced the temples built in their name. I will bring him back, and with their blessing, these "seas will be mine. Let me tell you, you've put in with the proper lot." She puts the scarf back up to hide the tattoo. "So I've shown you mine. You show me yours." [cheering] She doesn't flinch. Which puts your head pretty much right into the top. "I love this color palette." Back to Fjord. "Yes?" Make a performance check. You can tell the captain's, "Yes?" but is also peeking out of the corner of her eye at this strange display. You don't know if she's heard it, but you guys are in a very enclosed space and she sees you all deliberating about something that you're all deciding whether or not to reveal. She's not like, "Oh, everything's fine." She knows something's up and she's waiting for someone to come out with it. "Yes?" "Well, I'm not certain, but I'm the one who has the dreams." This big smile curls across her face, and you watch her go a little flushed. She goes, "What "kind of dreams?" She looks a little confused, but says, "No. Unlike some, I can hold my brine." Her smile grows wider. "So Uk'otoa has spoken to you as well." [cheering] "Perhaps it was not some strange coincidence you found your way here then, Fjord?" All right. Avantika is-- it's almost a palpable passion behind her. The excitement and adrenaline is pumping through her body, and you can see her now leaning forward in her seat. Her feet are off the desk and her hands are grasping the sides of it in her gloves. She's looking across, most of you, but focused on Fjord, and says, "Well, I'm very curious to see where this leads as well. Then "perhaps let us stay the night onboard. Let's wait for Jamedi to return, if he's plotted out the "course to this temple." "Jamedi Cosko." "If this is indeed the kismet you speak of, what better way to prove your loyalty to me and my "ship than to be the ones to go into this temple with me?" She looks around to the rest of you, claps her hands twice. The door opens behind and Vera enters. "Captain, you summoned?" She looks about to the rest of you in the chamber and turns to her and goes, "Please clear out some quarters for our guests. Tell Zoen and Waldok to sleep on the deck "tonight. Give them comfortable rooms and bedding. Please, keep a close eye for Jamedi. Any day now, "I can feel it. We are very close." That's Cosko, yes. Somewhere the spirit of Purvan sits next to Vax'ildan, looking down and going, "Come on!" Vera nods and looks a bit curious. "Well then, follow me. I'll lead you to your chambers as the captain "wishes." She looks confused and taken aback by this sudden burst of generosity. What are you guys doing? Do you follow? There you go. Make a perception check. You don't see any indication of the temple or anything, but you see now above the door as you're exiting, there is a small shelf. You can see a tiny little black iron shrine that looks to be an ouroboros serpent that's eating its own tail. About every inch or so, there's an eye across the length of its body. In the center of it you see a single metal sphere with a similar cloven line down the center of it. Below deck, a lot of them have put the rifles away and they have their hands on the side of their various cutlasses and longswords and shortswords. Roll an intelligence check. You can definitely instantly with your feat, the DM's bane feat. You get a quick glance at it. From a superficial level, you have a good idea of how it looks. You're not entirely certain of the components required. You see about three of them are longer barrels. They're a two-handed piece. There are a handful that are a simple-- Laura Bailey, ladies and gentlemen. A few of them that have some sort of a flintlock. One of them has a multi-barrel spinning piece. Familiar to some. Is there anything else you guys wish to do as you're being led to the chambers? No. As you walk and you are led, Vera tells two of the various deckhands to grab their shit and leave for the night. They confusedly do so and look a bit put out by it, but you guys are led to these two chambers that are more comfortable than at least the area you slept in The Mistake. That would be down in the cargo hold, which you've not been led to. You guys are currently on the main upper decks now. You're led to your chambers. There are still guards posted on the outside. There isn't a complete trust in this regard, but it's not having weapons trained on you the entirety of your stay now, at least. You didn't pay a very close attention to it, but you can go and check if you'd like. Sure. You head up to it and the flag actually is an exact, or is close to a replica of the tattoo that she has on her sternum. Both. They have blades sheathed for close combat. You know, when you're below deck, generally you want shorter blades and things that are good for close quarters. The firearms are more for if they have to do something at a distance. You've seen at least seven or eight of the crew with some form of firearm. Their make, from a quick glance, you saw a lot of their make and construction varies. They seem to have been plucked from different sources. It's funny you ask that question. No, you're in your chamber. You're alone, but you don't know how thick these walls are. You know there are people stationed right outside of your door. Make an investigation check. You take a moment to glance around the space and feel along the walls. You don't notice anything that catches your attention. Let me check. I do not believe it is. But I will check real fast while I'm here. It prevents creatures from entering and exiting, outside of the ones that you choose, but it does not shift, alter, or stop any sound passage. Sure. Right, okay. I'll allow it. Yeah, sure. Make a medicine check. Having a fair understanding of the half-orc body, while Fjord is generally a little more lithe and trimmer than most more burly half orcs, still a decent build, but you don't feel any particular strange lumps. You don't feel anything, unfortunately. It's like late afternoon. It isn't quite dusk yet, but whenever you want to. Essentially, you're ready and prepared for an evening's rest, we'll go do that. You go ahead and find yourselves settling in best you can for the evening's rest. As-- Make a stealth check. With your cloak, yes. I'm not even going to roll. All right, for one thing, as soon as you, because there's only one exit to the chamber. There's only one exit to the chamber. The door that leads out, as soon as you (door creaking) you see the guard is posted right there. You feel pretty quiet, and you're pretty, you feel that you're in the groove where you can get through pretty quickly without being seen, but you have to get past that one guard that you can see stationed right outside of the door. I'll say because of your stealth check, yes. You very carefully nudge the door open enough to get like an inch of viewing space between. That both reveals the guard and the hallway further down. Okay. Keeping a tally. You create the image of him walking back and forth. The guard notices. (spluttering) Pats another guard that you don't see on the upper side of the door. Guard's like, "Is Cosko back? Go get "the captain." The other guy goes and walks away, and the other guy stands there nervously looking back and forth. "Jamedi?" "Jamedi? Jamedi!" He goes and starts walking in that direction. Okay, you get by, you get outside of the door. Are you running to the right or the left? You run to the left. You go running down the hallway, and you're now not that far behind the other guard, who was rushing off and heading up a small set of stairs that leads up to the captain's quarters. You remember this before. You're actually heading away from the cargo hold this way now. You're heading up. Yeah. Okay, you go the other direction, and the guy who's now walked up towards Cosko, towards Jamedi, is now rushing up to it and goes and is talking to him like, "Sir, hello?" Make a perception check. You're not sure, you see a couple of chairs, a card table that's currently empty. You can see the hallway continues past where this illusion is happening. As he does so, the guy's like, "Jamedi, the captain will be right here-- What?" Just looks really confused. Your stealth check, yes there is. You dart past. Right at that moment you look over your shoulder, and you can see the captain is now heading down the hallway in your direction. He goes, "What? I don't?" You run to the end of the hallway. You see those stairs ascending down into the cargo hold below, and you hear over your shoulder, "And where is he?" "No, but Captain, he was right-- Look at "the cards." You hear the argument, and the guy desperately trying to explain what he just saw, as you disappear down into the cargo hold below. On the way down the stairs, there is another floor that is the gun deck, that you do pass by and you can see the back end of these large cannons that are all situated. They're all angled up a little bit, but there are these doors that lead outward. There are a number of cannon balls, and some bits of black powder in small barrels, set up in that region. If you can continue down to the-- You head down to the cargo hold, and you see one source of lantern light. There is one of the various deckhands is down below, keeping watch. Has a single oil lantern on a crate. It is this small, handheld jug of some sort of, you assume, a liquor, and he's sipping from it. Leaning back and stretching. Just keeping an eye out. Currently, yeah. Easy enough to do. (whoosh) Goes dark. "What?!" Okay, so you start making your way around. As you do, you start seeing sparks. Of a flint. He's trying to relight the lantern. He's like, "Ooh, fucking shit, stupid little lantern." Make an investigation check if you wanted to look into the cargo hold. How thorough do you want this search to be? Because it'll take you a while to go through the entire cargo hold. Okay, you'll probably have to snuff the lantern one more time, and really frustrate the hell out of him. The flint? Yeah. Okay, all right. He lights the lantern, holds it up, and you knock it out of his hand? Hold on a second, I got to make a roll here. There's a lot of gunpowder on this ship. Yeah, you're fine. The lantern hits the ground and tips over, and a little bit of oil spills out, but it doesn't like scatter and ignite. He's like, "Shit!" and he quickly goes and picks it back up again. While you're investigating, the first couple crates you can get to without making any sort of noise that gets his attention, you can tell, you lift up the top ones. The first one you come to is filled with hardtack. The second one you come to, a smell gets your attention immediately, and you lift it up, and it does have a similar smell to that gunpowder type material that you encountered on that pistol. You see small kegs that are currently closed off. Okay, it's about that big. You're going to pull it out, you got one. Okay, he's now picked up the lantern again because you've looked through two crates now. He's clutching that lantern with a death grip now, and is now scanning the room, and suddenly his pants (whoosh) to the ground. He's like, "Whoa, shit!" and he's reaching down with the other hand trying to pull it up, and he's got like the lantern in one hand, his hand on the outside of the pants in the other. He's tripping a bit and bumps into one of the crates. You manage to get to a third crate. You open it up and look inside, and it looks like it's a bunch of coiled rope. It's a lot of repair materials for the ship. There's a thick tar-like substance. It's probably used for some form of repairs. Okay, he gets his pants up. He's now in the process of walking through the room. Is there anything else you're going to do? Make a dexterity check. Yes. Something you're good at. Okay! It (whoosh) (clattering), the small shatter. The guy's like, "Who goes there?" (grunting) He goes walking in that direction. You get one final crate that you get to. You pull it open. Looking inside, it looks to be-- I'm sorry there isn't a whole lot more to find, but most of the cargo here is food. You find a lot of an older set of fruit, maybe various things that were brought from their last destination. The smell immediately hits you, of like fermenting orange and other types of various sweet, or at least now sweet, and fermented fruit. Okay. You quickly fill your pockets. It's squishy to the touch. When they put it in there, it (squish) on the inside. You feel it, the cold wetness of it, spilling against your shirt. You get some pockets filled with fermented fruit. Yep. Yeah. You make your way back? Okay, make another stealth check. Yep. That's money well spent for you guys. Thank Mr. Pumat Sol for getting you that ability. You make your way back. While this is happening, you guys can hear the argument outside from the other guards, and the captain lambasting them for pulling her out of her quarters, for telling ghost stories, and getting her excited that Jamedi had returned, when he actually hasn't. Then they go quiet, you hear the footsteps come by your room, and the door opens. The captain looks inside and goes, "Captain Fjord, care to join me?" [wolf whistling] "Right this way." She walks and heads towards her quarters. Yep. You follow her? As you follow the captain, quickly behind, Nott, you make your way into the chamber. Close the door behind you. There you go. While that's happening, Fjord, you make your way to the captain's quarters. Walk behind and close the door. And that's where we're going to take a break. We'll be right back here in a few minutes. We're going to take a quick break. Be patient, but yeah, we'll see you here shortly, guys. [cheering] Oh my god. (laughter) Oh that's amazing. (upbeat music) Yeah? I saw Travis Willingham over the weekend. He saw it, and he's like, "Whoa, dude, nice jacket." I was like "Thank you, Travis," and he was like, "Man, where did you get a jacket that," because we're both roughly the same size. He's just seven times more yoked than I could ever be. So I let him try on the jacket, and it fit him better than it fit me. Give me the jacket back. (punching) TALIESIN You earned that jacket. I do. Give me the jacket back. (gentle music) [music] Yes? Only because it's you. (as McCree) It's high noon. That was the Momlan free pass. Enjoy it while you can. I believe we're back. Look at this. Look at this theater of beautiful faces. This is absolutely surreal. [cheering] TRAVIS and You guys are amazing. I love you too! [cheering] But it is not the time for loving. Well... [cheering] Picking up where we left off. Fjord. You walk into the Captain's chambers. Closing the door behind you, it's dark lit, the back door is open to the balcony out there, and you can hear the waves crash against the ship. There are a few candles lit in the room where they were before. The captain is standing in the doorway and looking out over the ocean, and as soon as the door closes behind, turns around and goes, "I would like to talk with you about how you've been "reached out to, how you are touched by--" "This magnificent entity, Uk'otoa. There's been a very long time since I've met anyone else "chosen, so please, tell me how this happened." Yeah. Yep. Frumpkin is still up on the deck. Frumpkin goes and perches on the outer balcony of the Squalleater. She leans her shoulder against the doorway, looking over at your eyes, distantly reaching for memories, and goes, "There has been one other. It's been many years. This came to me through a "series of unexpected--" You see her searching for the right words and says, "I've always considered "myself a very lucky person. At first I thought this was a terrible portent, when this beautiful "Uk'otoa spoke to me. It was a purpose that nobody else in Darktow was going on, and with that I "began to gather my crew. It took a while, but each of them began to believe as well. All of them "support, and when this is done, the blessing is high. Nay, he is unstoppable behind me as "I am on the sea." "They have now, yes. I've read the books, I've looked up about the Ki'Nau. I've learned of "the history. As they once were the masters of the Lucidian Ocean so too will be I. So too can be us." "They say that Uk'otoa is an infinite length entity, a serpent that entwines the entirety of "the water. That is but eyes across its body to see what else it must conquer." "Beautiful?" Make a persuasion check. She tugs down the scarf to reveal the tattoo without breaking eye contact and goes, "I'll do "you one better." [cheering] Removes the glove off of her right hand, and in the palm you see a familiar yellow eye emerging from the center. "This is the blessing. It leaves the first stage. I have been chosen to be one step "to his unsealing." Make a perception check. You hope it's a tattoo, but the way the candle light hits it looks smooth and somewhat glassy. With a flash and a scattering of ocean water across the far wall of the chamber, the falchion emerges in your grasp. [applause] She immediately takes a step forward, like holding her palm forward still. Not even looking at you, just looking at the sword and specifically focusing on the eye in the center of the hilt. She's speechless for a moment, you hear her breathe in suddenly, "Perhaps it was destiny." "I've only heard. As far as I know, when these survivors of Zehir, this long sealed god "grew jealous, that they are the ones, who put Uk'otoa away, below the ocean." "If I'm correct, and this is one of the original temples, then I think we can bring him back." "This is but one, there are three I know of." "Three temples across the Swavain islands." "I don't know if there's a name for it, I just call it the sphere. The eye." "I'll be honest, the dreams, that I have, it's mostly just feeling and an occasional word, "like he's being held back. I feel that if we can, one by one, release him from these bindings, he "can be more direct with us. Be more direct with his blessing. He will bequeath the sea unto us." "Tells me to, to watch, to learn." "To consume." [cheering and laughter] She steps around the desk. Just places her fingers on the hilt of the sword, where the eye is. "Then you'll need your rest." "Thank you for your honesty, eventually." [laughter] "Understood. Anyway," and she pulls her hand away, "Go, and may sweet dreams find you." [cheering] At this point, the door opens and Fjord returns to the room. Question, Caleb? Right. Make a perception check. Okay. You watch as she takes her glove and puts it back on, looking at her palm as she does. Looks out over the ocean and steps out to the railing, where she has to move away to get out of the visual perspective, and spends a minute or so looking over the water. Then turns back, goes and closes the door, walks over to underneath the main doorway, where that shrine is. She pulls a stool up to stand up to about eye level to where the shrine is. Then she pulls her glove off once more, makes a small cut on her finger, and drops a few pieces of blood onto the small iron shrine. It's maybe about that big and then puts the glove back on, mumbles a few words beneath her breath, though Frumpkin might not able to see from this perspective. Then goes ahead and snuffs the candles. With that perception roll, I'd say you don't know. I don't know, man. Not for me, I'm real bad at seeing that. To you I would say no, not in the time that you saw it. You guys all get yourselves to sleep. Okay, as you guys all find yourself to rest. Is your mic not working? You share with Taliesin. We'll share, that's fine. So as you all go to sleep, finding yourself into an evening of rest, Fjord-- You don't need to. That was more helpful earlier in the campaign, when everything was a super mystery. You spilled all the beans recently, so it's fine. You walk in darkness, your eyes trained on a barely visible horizon of faded blue. The lightless midnight horizon that breaks this endless void. The ground is soft beneath your feet and your slow gait bounces slightly with each step. Like time is crawling in this buoyant space. You look down at yourself, obscured by a shadow, until a faint yellow light bursts from your sword. The light of a yellow eye now open from the hilt like a lantern, lighting a tangled forest of kelp before you. Bubbles escape the corner of your mouth, but you breath the waters calmly, like a thick vapor. "Learn." You search through the mass of shifting slick sea vines eventually coming upon the base of a staircase going up. "Grow." What do you do? As you ascend the cold stone stairs, the beam of the eye lighting the way, your passage is suddenly blocked by something. A statue; humanoid, but featureless. "Provoke." The statue breaks apart, its various shards emerging from the detonation and slowly sinking in what is now the thick waters around you. As the head tumbles past the light of the edge of your sword, the face is recognizable in a flash Sabian. You push beyond, continuing to ascend the stairs. You come upon another statue, larger and looming more than the last. What do you do? As the darkened energy arcs from the hilt of your blade, hitting it you watch as the cracks spider up the stone before it detonates into hundreds of shards of dark stone. You see half of the face slowly hit and clatter onto the stone before falling off to the side. Vandren. Do you continue up? Looking down the statue itself is now immaterial. You've entirely annihilated it and you glance over the side, and what few shards still remain, slowly drift beyond your view into the dark abyss below. Continuing to ascend these steps one by one, they grow more and more narrow. You think you see an approaching surface of some kind. You're clear of the water, suddenly breaking the surface and you're standing in a dark stone chamber. You've managed to get all the way up standing within the ankle high water in the middle of the stone chamber and you watch, as all the liquid begins to drain. Until there's no more water around you. Revealing in the center of this chamber, an intricate circle in the ground, maybe two feet across. Beautiful ancient craftsmanship, detailed to depict a serpent body coiled. Carved eyes emerging from the creature's body every few inches. The center of the water is a circle of water, like a well. "Watching." What do you do? As you hold the blade up, you see the light hits the water and is absorbed by it. You don't see anything beneath it. It seems to be just a void that eats the light. You step into it? Well, is that what you want to do? Okay, you step into the circle, it's only a few inches deep of water and your feet feel the bottom. It is shallow. You're now standing above it, it's only about two feet across, so it's basically you standing over the small pool. Looking around you, you can see stone walls and you could see a ceiling above you. It is almost plain featureless room, aside from the very edges of stone stacked upon itself. You look towards the hilt and the eye stares back at you. The light temporarily blinding you for a moment, as you adjust. You press the blade in through the water and it hits the stone. No response. Then you hear once more, "Watch." Make a perception check. The handle of the sword is somewhat slick in your grasp from the water you've been traveling from before and you feel the blade almost trying to turn in your grasp, turning the eye away from you. It slowly finds its way resting facing down towards the pool. You place your face down into the water, and as opposed to the stone surface you've seen there, it is this vacuous black void. There, you see in a sudden instant, the eye opens up before you, the bright yellow light enveloping you. Suddenly, there's searing heat and you pull back out of the pool and the entire chamber is filled with blazing hot steam. It hurts at first, but then, it begins to feel nice. This burning sensation crawling across your body, going instead from pain to a surge of strength. Of control, of purpose. The voice again says, "Reward." As you look up around you the stone falls away and on the distance you can see that horizon once more. Now an endless ocean. You can see the faint ripples of waves across a sourceless bit of moonlight. There you see dozens of ships coming towards you. What do you do? You turn behind you and it is just darkness. Inky, infinite. Make a perception check. No. As you concentrate, looking towards the right of you, where it looks like four or five vessels are in a localized portion of this black, endless ocean. As you concentrate you see the water begin to boil beneath them. You watch as the ocean fires up like a spire, a pillar of solid ocean water. The ships are scattered in different directions, as it slams them down once more, scattering them into thousands of pieces of splintered wood. The center of the ocean parts, giving this slight vacuum. This dual-sided, abyssal crevice in the center of the ocean. On the opposite ends of where your hands rise, you watch the waves rise up and in one fell sweep, two solid crystalline walls of water slam together and then even out. As the ripples subside, all you can see are the thousands and thousands of glittering shards of what once were that armada. "Reward." And you wake up. [applause] It's somehow worse with that outfit. As the rest of you come to consciousness in the morning, Fjord seems to be sleeping in a little bit before suddenly shooting up with a gasp. Make an insight check. Make a deception check. I mean, he seems perturbed by something, but you don't disbelieve him. Caduceus, however. [cheering] Fair enough. Oh, but looking at passive insight for Beauregard and Caleb. You guys head your way up to the deck. All right. [laughter] Okay, you guys have made it to the deck. It's early morning. The sun's only really been up maybe an hour or so. There's still a mist across the ocean and you can see the distance where the reefs encapsulate the surrounding area of this island. The mist is so heavy that you cannot see beyond other than a few other signs that you recall when you first passed through that reef. Looking off the way of the shore, you can see that The Mistake is currently grounded and looks like there's a small crew trying to do repairs. You're not quite sure to what extent and how long it'll take, but the ship seems to be at least the time being out of commission. You can see Vera, Captain Avantika and a few of the crew members are currently in a conversation with a man that you hadn't seen before. You see a gentleman completely bald head, very dark brown skin. A heavy leather coat with like a few belts or bandoliers attached to it. He has a satchel on the side and a few blades that are sheathed and hanging. He looks like an individual who's ready to travel. In case anything happens, he's prepared. Maybe a little cleaner than Caleb, but definitely a little ramshackle in appearance. They're in the middle of a conversation and as soon as you approach the deck, the Captain notices your presence and goes, "Good "morning! Come, it seems that our destined journey is just around the corner. Please, The Mighty "Nein, may I introduce you to a good friend who is hoping to be arrived soon, Jamedi. Jamedi, this is "The Mighty Nein." He turns to you all and goes, "It is a pleasure to meet you all. The Captain has "told me that we are to be traveling to the island together, yes?" "I will tell you it is very dangerous. Bring what you think is necessary. The island itself is "indeed cursed for the creatures that call it home." "I was about to give you that before you so rudely interrupted me first thing in the morning." He gives like a look to the Captain, the Captain's like. "There are a number of lizard folk "that patrol the outskirts of the island calling it home, hunting. I could not quite suss out the "source of where their society is, but they seem to live on the exterior of the island. Further in, I "did find the temple, but it is not abandoned. There are villages of snake men that surround this "stone shrine. Their mutations are various and strange. I managed to avoid being seen and I made "it to the initial interior chambers of this village, of this stone obelisk of a temple, but I "surmised it would be best if I went further with aid of those who were capable of defending "themselves. So I came back. I do have a path that I think is of, how you say, least resistance, so I "would say bring what is important to perhaps deal with lizards and snakes." "Yes?" "No." "There were various of both sexes and perhaps between. I do not know the full idea of these "creatures' physiology." "I did not look too closely into the--" "I would not suggest trying to kill them all. Trying to avoid them, expediency, using the "shadows, and travel without being found I think is our best bet at survival." The Captain goes, "What is a dodecahedron?" The Captain claps her hands twice again, to get everyone's attention. "Vera, look after the "ship. Look after our men, their men. Jamedi, lead the way. I am excited to see what we uncover "together, huh?" "I hope you slept well. Come. To the boats." The rope ladders are let over once more. You all descend into these row boats. Between the two of them, most of you can get onto it, a little awkwardly, but enough to at least make your way the few hundred feet to the shore. You eventually come upon the beautiful, white beaches of Urukaxl. You see the occasional shard of driftwood or a glimmer of a smooth abalone shell scattered amongst the sandy beach. The jungle line begins about 40 feet before you and immediately grows dense and tangled with vines, root and various jungle, tropical trees that choke the sky above. Jamedi turns to the rest of you and goes, "Now you "must be quiet. Move quickly, as the island has many denizens that would find us exotic meats. Are "we ready?" "Then come." He begins to lead the way in and Captain Avantika looks to us. "This will be "fun, yeah?" As you all slowly begin to duck in towards the tree line of the jungle, we'll pick up there next week. [cheering and applause] Thank you guys all so much for coming and being a part of this fantastic live show. Our first time doing a live show here in New York City. [cheering] Everyone have a wonderful night. We love you and is it Thursday yet? Good night. [cheering]