Hello everyone and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) You look about as good a a job as Jester did to Yasha last week. LAURA and Good job! I'd put it at a natural two. How's it smell? Thank you, Sam. Thank you, D&D Beyond. Thank you, Matt Lillard and friends at Beadle and Grimm's. It's awesome. Up next, the latest episode of Between the Sheets featuring our fantastic snake person, Sam Riegel. Emmy award winning snake person, Sam Riegel, is now available on the Critical Role YouTube channel if you missed it on Monday. You can find it on youtube.com/criticalrole. Look forward to this coming Monday at 700pm for the new Between the Sheets starring our fantastic creative director and my wife, Marisha Ray. (cheering) She's so hard at work that she's not even present when we're announcing her show. Look forward to that on Monday at 700pm Pacific on twitch.tv/criticalrole. You can see the next episode of All Work No Play tomorrow at the same Twitch channel. This one, both Liam and Sam are getting some special character creature makeup just like this. My sheet is incorrectly filled out! Oh! There you go. There you go. Lots of butts. Lots of TJ Storm and lots of goat yoga tomorrow here at 700pm Pacific on twitch.tv/criticalrole. Check it out then. We are headed overseas next week to MCM London to come meet a bunch of you awesome European Critters. We're super excited about it. We'll be there on October 27th and October 28th. For more info, you can got to critrole.com. Last but not least, Laura Bailey is running a very special one-shot next Thursday. We're pre-recording an episode because at the time that the show happens next Thursday, we're going to be on an airplane going to aforementioned MCM London. We're taking a week off from the main storyline so that Laura Bailey can run her very first one-shot. It's going to be great. She's never played. (laughs) You can check that out next Thursday, October 25th at this time, 700pm Pacific, in place of Critical Role on Geek & Sundry's Twitch, YouTube, and Alpha channels. I think that's the extent of our announcements for tonight. That brings us into the next episode of Critical Role! Welcome back everybody. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein had found their way south outside of the Empire on the coast of the Menagerie Coast, stolen a pirate ship, apparently. Following a thread to pursue aspects of the mystery of Fjord's background and the relationship to his mysterious patron, followed a mostly charred map to an island known as Urukaxl. Passing the dangerous reefs, you came upon the mother ship to the ship that you had stolen, known as the Squalleater, which was then, you realized, helmed by Captain Avantika, who gave you the option of either working with her under her guise as, essentially, currently captives and maybe eventually crewmen of the ship, or be killed and left in the harbor, held down with rocks and die. You took her up on the offer. You also discovered that she seems to be as enthralled with this same entity as Fjord is and has some sort of similar history with how this serpentine entity known as-- Uk'otoa. You remembered. Good job. LAURA and Uk'otoa, once a creation of Zehir, the Cloaked Serpent god, now banished since the Calamity. This entity then began to build its own following, and the followers of Zehir, this old god, this once creator grew jealous and sealed it away. Now, Avantika, with your help, is working to begin to release these seals, bring it back, and as such, gain the blessings and boons of this entity. You decided to go into the jungle with her on this mission alongside an adventurer, a dungeoneer who had plotted out some of the path for you, named Jamedi. You had made your way through, avoiding hunting parties of lizard men being hunted by yuan-ti snake people. You made your way towards a mostly stone-crafted village in the center of this island that surrounded one large old temple. You snuck in, masquerading as some of these snake people and mostly succeeded, managed to sneak your way through part of the town, gathering some attention. You threw up some distracting illusions. You quickly killed off a few of them that had begun to grow wise to your presence, not being naturally wanted, and in the midst of the commotion, you raced up the steps of the temple, managed to kick one of the sentries off the side, found a way through the top, and closed it off, locking behind the very top of this five-sided pyramid. Now, once inside, you began to descend slowly down the curved stairs, but in missing a trap that was present, triggered it. The stairs went smooth, and the entire party slid down this slide, Goonies-style before impacting into the ground of one of the top chambers of the pyramid. Looking within the interior of this five-sided chamber, you noticed amongst the two pillars to the side a raised platform where there was a fountain of some kind surrounded by three of these mostly humanoid, but snake-scale-covered-in-places yuan-ti people and one with gray, armored, scaly skin, mostly human body though tall and lanky, and a head that was purely cobra-like. The hood exposed as all of them turn to your direction as you impact with the stone, and are made aware of your presence. With that, Mighty Nein, I would like for you to roll initiative. (exclamations) Yes, you will, and that'll be your turn, because literally-- it's not so much a stand-- you just slid down and hit the ground, and you just take a moment to take in the scenario and then now we get to be-- No worries. Good call. All righty. 25 to 20? Look at you! Did you roll initiative for Yasha? 20 to 15? 16 for Fjord. 15 to ten? All righty. Ten to five? I believe that's all of us. Beginning now this round of combat; Beau, you have the jump. Everyone is prone, by the way. You slid down the stairs on your ass and impacted with the stone floor of this chamber. Nott, what would you like to-- sorry, Beau is-- sorry. Beau. Yeah, these are-- Yes, these are the yuan-ti. These three individuals that are mostly humanoid, but bits of their skin are scaled, their eyes are yellow, you can see sharpened teeth. This individual here is the one with the large hooded snake head that's still a bit taller than the rest and these long lanky arms. Gray skin. They look very unhappy that you've stumbled into this chamber. Beau comes to her feet, that's half your movement. It's halved that. Almost all numbers in the game are rounded down, so to 20. I don't know if you have enough room, or enough distance, to get over here. You'd have to go over. Either way, you're going to take some attacks of opportunity, so it's up to you. You jump onto your feet and leap up onto the top, and you're now pincered from both at different angles. What are you going to do? Okay, go for it. 15 hits. It's nine damage. That's a natural 18 plus zero. It does make the save. Go for it. 13 does hit. They're not wearing much in armor. They're here for ceremonial reasons. Eight points of damage to the other one, so both been hit. I mean they're not armored; they have weapons on them. These particular ones, the purebloods you see here, as they are called, are not wearing heavy armor, so they're not too difficult to hit. All right, go for it. You got two more attacks, then. Do it! Ten points of damage to the one on the left. Nice! All righty. You went whack, whack! Manage to hit them both repeatedly in a row. All attacks hit. They're both taken aback by the impact, and then spin to you immediately, their tongues out. They're definitely focused on your presence now. Now you're done. Yasha's go next. All right. Yasha gets to her feet. Correct. Not right now. That path is blocked, unfortunately. Yeah, currently. Yes! The rage kicks in, pulls out her Magician's Judge sword and-- Certainly. I mean she's flanked, but she can. Yeah. Roll for the attack with advantage, because you have her flanked. 18 hits, so damage on that one. (music) Nice! Jumps off of the side, and with the momentum she leaps onto the platform. She pulls her sword out, arcs it past the already punched, damaged yuan-ti in front. Reacts, looks over the shoulder towards you as you go for your second attack. Same one? 17 points of damage? Okay, then. On the same one, right? With the second strike-- the first one carves past, it hisses at her, Yasha then spins the sword around and with one giant snap the head (plop) and the body falls off to the side of the ground and crumbles. Okay. Rage winks? That finishes Yasha's go. That one is going to look towards you, Beau, and in this soft, pinched voice go, "Why don't you "just go sit down." Make a wisdom saving throw for me as this brief sparkle happens in your eyes. You feel this wave of arcane influence begin to reach out towards your mind. You blink it off and smile back. The other one is going to, moving off to this end, attempt to pull out a scimitar and aim down to strike at an angle towards Nott who's currently on the ground. Yeah, she is. She's within melee. So she gets an attack. That definitely hits. Nice! Yasha's seeing this one slink by and swing with the scimitar down towards Nott, who's trying to scramble away down on the ground. Yasha turns around and slams the blade into the back of her shoulder, forcing her down. However, the scimitar is already arcing down towards Nott, with advantage because you are on the ground. All right, a 15 and a 16. I believe that's a total of 19 to hit? The strike hits you for seven points of slashing damage. Three. Now the tall lanky gray one begins to take a step forward and slither around in this direction. (slithering) 30. Over the top down. The legs as they bend seem to give in places they shouldn't, with an unnatural slithery feel to even just the footsteps. It's really creepy to watch it move. As it spins around, it's going to attempt to take a bite and scimitar attack, both on Beau with advantage because it's flanking with its own pureblood. That'll be a 24 to hit. Bite attack, so you take four points of piercing damage plus nine points of poison damage. As part of its mind fang ability, you're also going to take some psychic damage. Oh, that's not good. (nervous laughter) 22 points of psychic damage As the hood opens and the giant fangs extend and sink into the back of your shoulder, the poison hits your system and your brain suddenly pulses with a sharpening pain. The psychic energy courses through the entirety of your consciousness. For a second, your vision goes flash white and blurs. You almost fall to one knee as the fangs pull out of the wound. At that moment, it's going to strike with its scimitar. That's 23 to hit. Seven points of slashing damage. All right. That's going to end its turn. All right. That brings us to Fjord's turn. To which one? Okay, go for it. That hits. 15 still hits. No. As it pulls back from Beau and swings with its scimitar, the head curves back and stares at you. You can see, against this dark gray, scaly skin, its very dull, yellow-white eyes immediately trace onto you. Is that the end of your turn? Are you going to move or stay where you're at? You have 15 more feet of movement. (counting) 15, it's as far as you can get. That finishes your go, Fjord. Nott, you're up. That definitely hits. It's sneak attack because it's adjacent to Beau, plus the additional damage from a fire bolt. It should be on your sheet there. I think it's an additional 1d6 fire damage, if I recall. It hisses as the bolt hits it from the back of the head, and you can see where it embedded itself partially into the skull. It comes up at top, and part of the bone's piercing up, and the flames are still burning in the back. It's trying to reach and pull it out of its own head. All right, that's your action. It didn't go all the way through the brain, it just hooks into it. It did some serious damage still. Well, you're still prone. If you want to get up, it's half your movement, or you can crawl at half speed. You crawl over here. You can go there because you're still in melee with that one, but you can attempt to hide from the other if you'd like. It's advantage on melee attacks against you, disadvantage on ranged attacks against you. You crawl on the ground around the corner. Roll a stealth check. Yeah, you always get advantage while you have that cloak on. You believe maybe you've hidden from that one particular creature. That finishes Nott's go. Breaking the silence here, Beau, after you've been struck by this terrible psychic pain in your face and the poison courses through your veins, you look before you and the one yuan-ti pureblood in front of you you had already damaged is (snarling), and it's pulling this crooked dagger out of this sheath from the side. Suddenly, in a flash out of nowhere behind, you see blades go (wooshing) and you watch as Avantika, who was previously invisible still from the spell, appears as she does three main strikes from behind. That'll do it. Eviscerates it from behind. (screeches) Falls to the ground. Avantika is there in front of you and flicks both blades off. Some of the blood (splashing) across the stone on the ground. "Don't worry, I've got you," and is going to use movement to move up this way. Actually, she doesn't have enough movement to do that. She can be right there and gets one more space there. That ends Avantika's go. One more point. Thank you for the clarification on your math there, Sam. Jamedi's going to get up. Makes me sad. Good patience on that one. Jamedi's going to start taking the bow and huffing and running around the way to hide behind this pillar. Coming that way, is going to attempt to fire a short bow at the one that's right next to Yasha. Natural 19, very nice. That is six points of damage to that yuan-ti, and is going then continue to move-- actually, no, at that point he couldn't quite get that far. He would have been right there. Trying to move behind, but because he had to get up from prone, lost half of his movement. That ends his go. That brings us to Jester. Jester, you stand up. On the gray guy? Okay, you release the spell, and it has no effect. It seems that the snakelike form that this creature has mutated into has gotten so far out of the realm of humanity to no longer be considered a person. That's your action. All right. (hisses) towards you, its fangs bared. That ends your go, Jester. Caleb and Caduceus, you guys are up at the same time. Ooh! All righty. Roll for attack. That'll hit. Nice! You are, yes. Over here? (counting) 25. As you rush by, its snake head cranes around and extends out to bite towards the side of your shoulder and arm as you rush past. If it's during your turn, I believe you cannot because you only cast one spell-- It's different from combat spells versus casting spells during one turn. I'll have to go back and look at that specifically. But for the time being, no, because there's the one spell per round limitation during your turn, at least. That is going to be all together a 17 to hit. With that, the bite strikes out for you. That is six points of piercing damage, plus seven points of poison damage. It's going to use its secondary mind fangs this round. Similar to Beau, your brain suddenly gets spiked with this burst of terrible wracking pain that emanates into every memory of your past life. Like your existence in one instant is just set on fire and pulled away. Oh, that's not too bad! That's 13 points of psychic damage to you. That ends your turn, then? Technically, you would have gotten that far. That's half-speed. That ends your turn. Caduceus, you're up. Stand up? There? You back in towards this cluster of weird, mossy plant matter that's on the edge. Caduceus. What are you doing, buddy? There you go; take your eight points of healing. Okay. That ends Caduceus' turn. Beau, you're up. Yasha's go is when you release? Okay. 21 hits. Stunning Strike on this one? That is a 14 plus one 15. What's the DC? Resists it, unfortunately. There's a (impact) as you hit. You realize as you're trying to do Stunning Strike, you don't fully understand the physicality of it. Its body and organ placement is different from the usual, other human-type creatures you've studied, and so you're just unable to hit the right point in its body. In your confusion and frustration of not being able to find the soft spot in its body, your second strike goes and it manages to dodge out of the way. No impact. All right, so then you go in Patient Defense to protect yourself. Got it. That is now Yasha's turn. Before Yasha can begin the round, Caduceus? Okay. So the next hit against it, it has vulnerability. Correct. All right-- What's Yasha doing? Right there? As Yasha darts off, the pureblood behind manages to swipe out with the scimitar. Has an attack of opportunity against her. That is going to be a natural-- They're rolling really good! 17 plus three. 20. With that, Yasha suffers seven-- six on the d6. Seven points of slashing damage, reduced to three because she's raging. Then Yasha shrugs off the impact, rushes towards the large gray snake entity, and? Go for it. That is correct. Go ahead and roll damage on that one. Okay. 16 points of damage. It is vulnerable against that. That is technically 32 points of damage from that strike. How does Yasha want to do this? LAURA and As the blade impales it, the creature grabs the blade with both hands and (hisses) as it's lifted up and begins cursing-- (clapping) Hold on. Pay attention, guys! It's okay. As the blade carves through the stomach of the gray snake man and is lifted off the ground (hissing). It begins to curse in Abyssal as the blade begins to carve up its body, until eventually, its hissing turns into a low gurgle, and then it just slides off the blade, the parted half of it splitting into two sides onto the ground. Yes. All right. This one is going to, seeing how everything is working out-- Yeah. Does not have that ability, so is instead going to go ahead and (counting) 30. Then try and dash-- Oh, no. That's true. Given that circumstance, there's not much of an escape route for this one. Is going to, instead, leap down and attempt to assail Nott. Not against that one, you're not. All right, so attacks twice with the scimitar. Ooh, natural 20 on that one and a-- No, because when you hold your action, you use your reaction to release it, so you don't have a reaction. Sorry, buddy. That's a natural 20 on one scimitar hit, and a 19 on the other to hit. The first one, that's eight plus one. Nine points of slashing damage on the first hit. That's four slashing damage, and the second one is going to be-- Ooh, that's not good. Two points of slashing damage. Now with all of its allies fallen around and seeing everyone else standing up, its eyes are darting around, looking like it's a caged animal (snarling and hissing). Its scimitar in front of it, it's swinging it wildly in the air and pointing it towards anything that comes near. That's going to end their turn, Fjord, you're up next. Make an intimidation check. Glaring at you doing that (hostile snarl). Doesn't seem to be fazed, unfortunately. As it snarls at you, you pull the blade a little closer to the face, up against the chin, (resigned snarl) and throws the scimitar to the side. (cheering) I was surprised, I was like Okay. That brings us effectively out of combat. At this point, you all take stock of your surroundings. The one standing yuan-ti, the bowls they were holding and pouring into this fountain clattered to the ground, the one stands there before you with your blade held towards their neck as they're (snarling). Well, that would be more generally looking around you guys. In this chamber, based on the little bit of travel you've done from the very top of this temple, this is the top chamber in the pyramid. You're about partway down from where it is on the surface. It continues down, you imagine, based on how large it is in size. This is the highest part of the pyramid so far. Within this chamber, there are clusters of these bits of mossy plant life that's growing in elements of the corners. There is a fountain that sits atop the central platform in the center of the chamber. The water itself is slowly trickling off the sides in small little grooves; it looks to be brackish and green. The staircase-- a few minutes pass-- revert to stairs, so ascension is possible. That's the most of what you can make out in the chamber. The pillars appear to be more load-bearing and designed-- as you get a closer look, make a perception check on this one. Interesting point. The stonework and the construct of this entire temple is very old and very simple, but you see a lot of intricate carvings and additional stone that's been added to the interior of the chamber that is all carved to represent snake creatures surmounting, and a great snake god. Make a religion check. A lot of the iconography in this chamber is directly based on Zehir, the Cloaked Serpent, and is imbuing their power into the snake followers and giving them mutations. You can see people going into this metamorphosis and transforming into a number of the larger snake entities you fought or have seen in the city below. But all that carving is newer. It's fresher. It's been placed to cover the older stone of the temple, and you get the sense that this temple was not constructed by these yuan-ti, but has been since co-opted by them. Looking you over, "It was--" she's speaking in Common now. "It was built to a false idol." The eyes turn towards you, looking up at your large, goofy grin. With that, parts of their wounds begin to split open wider as you see bits of reddish-orange fungus begin to find its way out. It looks like a sponge emerging from it. She turns to you and goes, "Are you to let me live?" Make a persuasion check. Looks towards you, looks towards Caduceus. Goes, "I will not sully myself before "the eyes of my god." In a flash, pulls a dagger from inside the sash attached to the side and-- spray, cuts her own throat, scattering across the front of you, Caduceus, before the body plummets back onto the ground with a sick thud on the stonework and then bleeds out, a small grin pulling across her sharpened teeth before her eyes roll back and she expires. Make a dexterity check. The moment of shock hits you, having not encountered someone take their life right in front of your eyes, and that brief moment of pause is enough that when you go to try and collect your thoughts and cast the spell, the spirit's already left the body. I would say you go to cast the spell-- You begin to, and then realize they've already expired. Those are some of the inscripted carvings that were placed over the existing stonework of the chamber. Okay. Make an investigation check as you're searching the fountain. That's not too bad. Stepping up onto the outside of this fountain, it's a two-tiered fountain. Along the floor of the fountain basin, within the water on the base, there are two reliefs of snakes coiled, sitting underneath the water with empty eye sockets. Two of them-- one of them has empty eyes, the other one has an empty eye socket and a dull gray eye that still remains. The liquid looks grimy and cloudy. You do notice there are, on four edges of the bottom basin at the lip of the water-- and the water meets the very edge-- there are slight grooves where the water's slowly trickling out and down to the floor, and where it hits the floor there is no pool of water. You inspect closer, and there is a hole beneath each groove where the water itself is pouring through the floor below you to what you assume to be a chamber below. Make an arcana check to see if you can ascertain any arcane nature to it. You guys are all taking a short rest? Beau, you do notice the corner where the moss is, as you cuddle up to it and glance forward, there is a six-inch or so diameter hole in the corner of the wall. Goristro need a way out, too. Where the moss is growing, there is a hole in the stone chamber about that big around that looks to be a tunnel or tube that slowly descends downward. Upon glancing at it, the interior is somewhat damp with condensation and that's where a lot of this moss is gathering around the outskirts of it. You also notice scales, little clusters of scales that are gathered on the edges of the stone. Yeah. Make a perception check. You glance up on the ceiling and you can see two grooves-- well, not two grooves, but two holes that are in the stonework above. Bits of the stone have fallen and cracked a little. Where those two holes are, glancing directly below them looking up, you can see the faint pinhole bits of light from the sky above. You also see the stone right around those holes is faintly stained crimson. Make a medicine check. With your experience with blood and the viscosity of it, you gather that if any of it were to find its way into the fountain, either it's not human crimson color enough. You don't see any signs of it currently in here. Most of the water that's in this fountain right now seems to be just water and algae and grime that has built up within the fountain. Approximately. Sure. Make an investigation check. Yes. You inspect the body of the now slaughtered cobra figure. It is nude. There's no clothing on it; it is a scaled flesh body. No, no armor, it is just a lanky, heavily scale-armored snake creature. There's nothing to pull off of its body, unfortunately. Okay. Do you have the materials to do so? Have you ever milked a dead snake for its venom? Make a nature check for me. Okay, you'll spend the next 15 or 20 minutes or so attempting to do this and I'll come to you in a minute with your success and/or failure. You go around finding each of these patches? Yes, there are. At each corner of the chamber there are these patches, and at each corner you do see one of these holes. Make a perception check. All you can tell is that you do see the errant scale. They're big scales, they're not tiny. You see bits of snake skin and larger chunks of scales that have rubbed off from something moving through that chamber. Yeah, from side to side diameter. Oh, through the hole? Okay. It does echo slightly down and you hear it reverberate. It does continue downward. Nott, what were you doing? With an 11, it does not appear to be trapped. Whatever stone has been placed has been cemented in with all sorts of adhesive and basic masonry materials. It was designed to permanently cover what was there previously. If you guys want to take a short rest, you can do it. At the moment, it does not appear that there's any immediate danger. The door locked above you and you don't hear any more scuffling from above. Are you talking about the holes in the corner? They are about that big around, just so you know. Yeah, you could put a sword in there. It would be sitting on the ground and blocking the space a bit. You're taking the corpses and filling-- Okay. Okay. To which one, one of the purebloods? Make a perception check. Okay. As you're dragging it over, you do see a bit of metal jewelry fall out from underneath the robe. It is an intricate stone key that is on a metal chain. Investigation check. Across the other two bodies, you find that was the only key. You do find amongst the two of them some errant pieces of jewelry. You find a nice gold ring. You're not quite sure how much it's worth, but it looks probably worth something. You find two jeweled daggers, ceremonial, that they had kept sheathed or one of them had brought out earlier. That's what you find on their bodies. Both of these blades have very simple, snake-like iconography. Where the pommel is, it looks like the snout of a snake mouth. The ring? No, the ring is a simple gold ring. Well, for you it's taken the full hour. If everyone's taking a short rest, it's a full hour of rest. No. While you're all resting, too, Jamedi is carefully looking through the different holes in the side of the chambers and helping you plug them with some of the dead bodies. As you push them in, Avantika saunters up to you, Fjord, and says, "So. How long has it been for you, eh?" "Since you've been called." We'll say, for this purpose, you guys are out of earshot of most of the group. "Then it was destiny. What happened? Tell me everything." "I am familiar with this promise, aye." Glancing at her expression, she's enthralled and there's a moment where her head turns and you see a flash of jealousy in her eyes, and then it reverts back and she goes, "That sounds incredible." "A few years, about." "Apparently." Her eyes are still locked on yours and she leans forward and takes her fingers and puts them through the side of your hair and goes, "I can trust you, right?" "And you trust these people?" "Good. Good." She puts her fingers the rest of the way through your hair, through the back of your head, pulls you close and headbutts you a little bit and lets you go, and gets up and walks off. Jester. Your short rest comes to a close. You've used your hit dice, you've healed up a bit, you've gotten your arcane-- Cool. What would you guys like to do? Make an investigation check. Best you can tell, they were carved onto a separate piece of stone that has since been affixed to the previous backing of this chamber. It's been that way across most of the walls here. You're shouting into a dead body stuffed into a hole? You don't see any language carved in here. It's mostly visuals of Zehir the Cloaked Serpent, bestowing the blessing and mutating followers that are rising up. His army of snake people. There are the holes in the ground at the base of the fountain where the waters is actually trickling through to something beneath. There's the curled snakes that are in the water below. Those are the only things that you've noticed around the fountain. Make a medicine check. Nice. Looking her over, you can see the dark circles under the eyes, the continuous sweating along the brow and the shoulders and the chest area. The pupils are slightly dilated and the breathing is more shallow than normal. Definitely warmer to the touch than a healthy person would be. There's some sort of a disease that's working her way through her system. You don't have a whole bunch of book experience with disease necessarily, but you get the sense that this might have been transmitted by some of the insects that you encountered on the island on your way in. It's some sort of disease transmitted by them through bites. That's true. It says condition be blinded, deafened, paralyzed or poisoned, and then above it says diseased, and I did not read that part earlier. As part of my own mistake here, we'll say that this is where you come through with your casting of Lesser Restoration before. Yeah. Exactly. It takes a while for it to work its way through the system. That's what I get for fast reading. Going, "Oh well, it doesn't list that among the "conditions" but disease is not a condition. That's my fault. He's sitting there. He's inspecting the side of the walls and the carvings. "I am okay, but I appreciate the offer." "I do on occasion, yes." He turns back towards you with a curious glance and says-- "I'm sober." His eyes narrow. "Yes, I would love some jerky." He takes it from you. "I appreciate the offer." He eats and continues to look over-- Make a perception check. Looks like it. You see him chewing. Chewing. A little swallow. Chew chew chew. Chewsing. Sure. You take your paintbrush and as you put it in there-- because there is the groove on the side of the fountain and it meets with the hole in the ground, so the water is going through the hole below. You stick your paintbrush in it and it mixes with the paintbrush. It's thicker than water, barely. It's faintly viscous and where the groove is you can see the greenish slick where slime and general algae buildup has caused it to discolor against the rest of the stone. It builds up a bit and you pull the paintbrush out and it continues down into the chamber below. It smells like a typical type of algae, though the liquid itself has a somewhat acrid smell to it. No, the blood of the yuan-ti that you've seen as it scatters is a deep purple in color. Correct. Correct. Oh yeah, that's right. You did not, unfortunately. As you try and sit there holding the head over a jar and jamming the fang into the thing, this awkward process, you don't get much out of it, unfortunately. I will say you do recall as when you entered the temple, now that you're thinking about it, that the door that locked behind you above you, the trap door, it had a small opening where a-- You complete your ritual. The ring is not magical, but it is worth a fair amount of gold. You swirl the paintbrush in the fountain for a bit. It collects some of the brackish liquid. He's turned around. He's still chewing the jerky. He puts his shortbow over his shoulder and gathers his things. He's loaded up with pouches and sacks. He's not designed to be a combatant; he's designed to be a traveler. I am not a religious man, but I appreciate your sense of inclusion. He looks over at the dead serpent people jammed into holes. (laughter) Jamedi has dark brown skin, smooth bald head, gaunt features. He's wearing light cloth, billowing sleeves, but it's tied with a bracer to each side so it doesn't get in the way of his hands' movement. A few pack and satchels around him. He looks like what you'd imagine a professional dungeoneer would look like, where he has a few things to defend himself, but he's not a combatant by any means. He's very good about getting in and out of places quickly, unseen, and gather as much information as he can. Correct. There were three of them. One of them is missing two eyes, the other is missing one and had another gray rock in there. What you know about Zehir Zehir is a god that wanders in shadow, is the creator of snakes and serpent kin. It is essentially the evil god of poisons, assassins and darkness. They believe that to keep your acts obfuscated and secret is the greatest means of success. "Strike quickly and "without reason. Blind the target with their own confusion" and "Kill slowly. Agonizingly. Or "worse, make them enjoy it," are some of the tenets of their religion and belief. You reach into the water and place-- Using Mage Hand into the water, it finds its way in. Seems to wedge into and affix. Mage Hand again into a second one. On one side, the grime-covered snake that's coiled up there now has two glittering ruby eyes peering out unnaturally versus the rest of its relatively bland dark gray-green body. You take it and place it in the opposing socket. As soon as it slicks into place, you all hear this grinding of stone. The fountain shifts, and begins to slowly spiral down below. As it begins to move downward beneath, it begins to show the about two feet of stone of the floor that you're standing on eventually gives way to the roof of a chamber below you. Lightless, it is pitch black below. You're still standing on the outside of the fountain looking down in. Only just the outskirts of the fountain went down in this slow spiral. You glance downward. It stops about ten feet below you. It comes to a stop. There's a bit of a ten-foot drop to where the fountain is, and now below where it was standing, there's about two feet of smooth pillar, and then very thin stairs that continue to spiral down. Those of you with darkvision, since there was no light source in here, you can see in pitch black of dim light within 30 feet. The chamber itself goes just beyond that, so you cannot see the floor of the chamber. What you can see the boughs of stunted trees. The smell hits you as you lean forward it's a fresh earth and vegetation mixed with a smell of fermentation and rot. It seems that below in this chamber, there is a small orchard of some kind that exists without sunlight. What do you do? Okay. (flittering) Make a perception check. Absolutely silent. As you guys glance down, these small orbs begin to illuminate the base on the floor. The pillar drops down about 40 feet. The chamber is about 40-foot from floor to ceiling. You have about ten feet before you hit the actual staircase down, but it's a thin staircase. Each step is maybe about seven or so inches wide. You guys look over and see this as well, the orbs float down and light the area. It is a thick mass of jungle vines and roots, and damp earth that hits the floor. You can see a lot of these similar trees. It's just this singular type of tree that is just repeatedly planted throughout the area. You can see these slightly green- to yellow-colored fruit that are bared by these various trees, a lot of which have fallen and are beginning to ferment on the ground and rot. That's where you get the smell that hit you originally. Some of them that have fallen begin to just slowly rot away and decompose into the floor of this orchard. About 40 feet from where you are. About 30 feet once you hit the stairs. Okay, make an acrobatics check for me. Easy enough to do. Even the slick spots and as it ground its way down smeared some of the algae along the outside, which caused a faint bit of slickness on outside of the pillar. Using that, without an issue, slide, land on the top step. It holds your weight. You got it. For investigation to see if there are any traps on the way down. No traps. It is a simple descent and as soon as you hit the soft floor of the orchard, it's just natural ground around you in the immediate vicinity. Yeah, two that are within a foot of where you stand. They're somewhat beginning to ferment. Yeah. The interior is a bright orange-yellow color. It looks fleshy, like the inside of a mango. It smells sweet, but it has that turning point where it's starting to get a little bit-- Yeah. It tastes sweet and tangy. Okay. You nibble a little bit. It tastes pretty good. It's got that tang to it, that iron-y tang aftertaste to it. Okay, you eat it. What are you guys doing? It's just fun to fuck with you guys. Make an acrobatics check. You catch yourself there, but keep yourself up and begin to descend down the steps and below. Okay, Beau, acrobatics check. You hit it and your foot hits a slick spot. You catch yourself and hold onto the edge, adjust, and then continue down without issue. Ten! Unfortunately, there's not a whole lot of handhold in this area. It's a smooth ten-foot space and as you try to find a handhold to grab onto, you just fall straight down. On how many? That's awesome. That's slick. Yeah, I was going to say they're not falling. As soon as he slips in-- Okay, do you take it? Do you guys-- As Caleb sees this happening shoves. The four of you fall and begin to slowly drift. You all land gently on the tips of your toes before the rest of your body finds its weight now resting onto the soft floor of the subterranean orchard. Nott, about a minute's past since you've eaten that fruit and you start feeling a little tingly on the inside of your body. You turn to look at Caleb and it's crazy. His hair's purple, now it's pink, now it's orange, now it's purple. His pupils are purely dilated. As you're glancing around, the light orbs that are slowly drifting, they're leaving trails behind. Make a perception check. With disadvantage because you-- Six, okay. At this point, Jamedi and Avantika have managed to join you below in the chamber. "Hello?" Jamedi he pulls out a torch and lights it up. It's very bright. Everyone turns slowly to Nott. As the faint orbs are met with the brighter torchlight from Jamedi, it opens up the chamber. This entire chamber is roughly 70-ish feet by about 50 feet in size. This orchard, these trees are everywhere. No, this chamber is four-sided, actually. It seems-- make an intelligence check, actually. Based on the shape of the temple as you saw it, the size of the chamber you were just in, and the chamber below, there should be more space on the sides and the front of it. It looks like this is probably a central chamber of this floor. Make a perception check with disadvantage. Well, with advantage because you have the torchlight on. Or no, sorry, regular roll. Brain working! It's been a week. Yeah, nothing. Seems receptive. Jamedi looks around. "I did not go this far into the temple. I returned for your aid, so no." "It is very possible. I didn't spend too much time studying the inner workings of their "day-to-day. I was more focused on surviving." Avantika's looking around, arms crossed, glancing, keeping her hands near her weapons. It's not a massive amount of it, but each tree is in the process, maybe holding about a few dozen. No, not this stunted. They're squat trunk, and the top doesn't reach the very top of this chamber. They're about five or so feet below. They're not massive trees by any means, but the idea of trees like this-- and as you look at it now, the color-- previously, you had just the faint light. Looking across the ground as you look up towards the leaves in these trees, the coloration's not green, necessarily. It's more of a deep purplish brown color to the leaves. Currently, it looks to be soft earth, and where are the roots and various vines that have entwined their way around from other plant life that have been subsisting off of the ecosystem that's built in this space. You can certainly go check. Make an investigation check. Your vision is jittery there, Nott. Okay. Glancing about, the same source. The one small blip on your radar Jamedi. In thinking of those questions, the ground itself is damper around the base of the fountain. Yeah. You could say it's comparable in some ways. It goes from a brown to a faint purple-ish tint. You don't see any signs of animals. You don't see bits of droppings or claw marks or teeth marks on any of the nearby trees at all. You're looking for? Investigation check, because at an immediate glance you don't see. There's no open archway or anything. As you two begin to make a perimeter, you don't see any doorways. What you do see are on the south wall, the western wall, and the northern wall, there are large stone tablets that are affixed to the wall. Similar to the ones you saw above that have almost mirroring inscriptions of this same vision of Zehir bestowing these mutations upon the followers. On the bottom of each of these tablets there is a hole that's about 12 inches wide and about five or six inches tall. There's no door that you can tell, but you see these large stone tablets that are affixed to the north, western, and south wall. Each of these tablets is about maybe eight feet wide, ten feet tall and the base of it, right before where it meets the floor, there is a little space. A little hole, if you will, that's about 12-14 inches wide and about 4-5 inches tall. It's rectangular. You also see amongst the ground as your walking, your foot hits something and you look down and you can see a wicker basket. An empty wicker basket that's overturned. No. As these globes of light are brought over to see it, it's quite beautiful, but before you even see the relief in the wall, there's this extremely bright series of symbols glowing on the stone in front of you. They look like that. Another set of symbols. Say it! What is it? No, It's been more than an hour. Make a perception check. Okay. Make a survival check. Okay. You can see some grooves in the damp dirt, and areas where the soft bits of leaves that are fallen that are pressed down, but the grooves are pushed through pressure. No, not necessarily. That works, too. Attempting to sketch these over, I'm going to say make an intelligence check with disadvantage, please, Nott. Yes. You do what you think is a decent job trying to copy what you see. It takes a little while. Okay, looking at the spell here. It doesn't do anything, because you cannot see the language. You have to be able to touch it and see it to read it. Right. You see no language. You're figuring this out now as you go to the wall. That's okay. As you go to the wall, there's nothing there. You're like, "There's no language there." (laughs) Caleb eats the fruit! That would have been probably decent enough to get through that message. Over the next minute or so, Caleb, the colors of the lights begin to shift. You guys watch as Caleb begins to slowly move the floating orbs in different patterns. Gets distracted by his own cantrip. Caleb, make a perception check. Actually, it would be with disadvantage, because of the effect of the-- Glancing about the interior of the chamber, you look in the directions where Nott was and you can see the three markers, and you see a faint fourth glow from the eastern wall. Jamedi is holding the torch as a light source for those who need it. Avantika is grinning, watching this whole thing. As you're walking by, Avantika saunters up to you, Fjord, and goes like, "I can certainly "say, this is the most entertaining bunch I've traveled with in some time." "Oh, of course. We wouldn't be this far if they weren't." You head to the southern wall. He cast Comprehend Languages. Correct. South. Which one do you go to? Western one? Avantika just looks straight to you and goes, "The false serpent." "We are close." What do you wish to do? There's a strange moment as, Nott-- this cold sensation on your back. You're like, "Oh, "that kind of tickles." It begins to constrict and you guys glance over and one of the vines is curled up around Nott and begins to tighten around it. You take 15 points of bludgeoning damage and are grappled. You are restrained. All right. Go for it. Yasha goes in, takes two swings. You got it. You hold him up at which point a vine wraps up around your body, Jester. That is a 16 to hit. You kick it off and pull away. You can now see this-- This thick vine that is rising up and it curls around, snake-like in its own right, towards you. Other vines begin to thicken in the area around you and the roots begin to turn the area into hard terrain to walk through. The floor of the forest seems to briefly come alive and you now see these large two thick, entangling vines, one that's wrapped entirely around Nott and constricting her tiny body. The other one trying to wrap its way around Jester. Both hit. Roll damage. 12 points of damage on the second one. You can now see as this is happening-- Who wants to take action on this one? No, Nott's still being constricted. Yeah. No. Carved into and cut elements of it. You can see the vine itself, where it's split open, there's a hardy, thick, light green, tendon-like material beneath. It's a very strong vine. It's wrapped around multiple times around Nott now and it's pulling and trying to squeeze her to death. You can either attempt to help her escape or you can attempt to punch the vine. The choice is yours. All right. This is your action. Make an athletics check. Nine. Unfortunately, it's too strong and as you try and pull the vines away, they just are locked in this death grip around Nott. That ends your action. Caduceus. It's fairly damp. It's not super moist, but there is a general hint of humidity in the air. While this is happening, Nott, what are you doing? No. You're just focusing. Action spent willing yourself somewhere else. Make a constitution saving throw. 18. All right. You don't pop a blood vessel in your eye, but it gets close. You can-- MATT and Okay. You manage to disperse a lot of the moisture in the air, but you cannot pull it from a creature. You would know that with the spell. All right. It fails its save. Roll damage. Caleb, what are you doing? You're being held up by Jester right now. Now giant Jester is holding Caleb over your shoulder. 11 points of damage. All right. That ends your go. Caleb casts Enlarge on giant Jester. Fjord, what are you doing? Yeah. Sure. You grab it and pick it up and look at it. It looks like on the inside it had some elements of remnants of fruit that may have scuffed part of the wicker, but other than that it just looks like a basket. Well, you'll get to that next round because it takes your action to lift up the basket and inspect it. That's okay. That ends your turn. Now, the vines. The one that constricts once again to you, Nott. As it's pulling you in, you feel now these thorns emerge from the inside of its constriction and poison bursts into your system. You take-- 23 points of poison damage. Yes. Your action was lifting Caleb up off the ground. The other one will attempt to constrict you again. That is a 14 to hit. With that, you kick it off with your giant foot. The vine pulls itself back up. Now you can go. What's the DC on that? Three and 13. They both fail. Roll 3d6 damage and they both take it. You're close enough to the vine that is trying to attack you, yeah. 15 points of radiant damage to each. The vine that was constricting around you hadn't taken any damage yet. You see a burst of radiant energy. You watch as it lights up the area briefly. The one that's currently burning around there, the radiant damage burns past. You can see part of it blacken from the impact of the radiant energy, but it's still holding Nott tight. That ends your go. Yasha. What's Yasha doing? Go for it. That hits. Both hit. Roll damage. Still tearing into that same vine that's holding Nott. Correct. Damage on the second strike? 2d6 plus five. Weirdly cocked. 11 points of damage. Hacking through that vine. It's still holding Nott, but it is looking really rough. It's on the edge of keeping itself held together and you can see the parts of where Yasha's carved through and where the radiant energy has blasted it. It's starting to leak this thick, green sap. It's having a hard time. Yeah, it's a plant bleeding. If you've ever seen a plant bleed. There you go. Beau. Yeah, Nott's still stuck. Though the vine around Nott is hurt pretty bad. Go for it. The one that's around Nott or the one that's after Jester? The one that's around Nott or the one that's after Jester? Okay, go for it. That hits. Ten points of damage. All righty. 12 misses. You swing the second hit with the staff and as you do, the vine arcs out of the way and it hits air. 13 just hits. MARISHA and At this point, I also need you to make a strength saving throw. Yep. Now that you've moved in, the vines in the area begin to entangle and move around. You manage to push off of the vines on the ground around you that are trying to entangle and hold your legs to the ground. Jester, I need you to also make a strength saving throw. Yes. No issue. You just kick out of the vines without problem. That brings us to Nott. On the top of your turn, as you are still constricted, you take another 19 points of poison damage. Nott goes unconscious and you watch the vines closing entirely around her face and torso, just the arm poking out of the side. You can now see as the lighter green skin tone get darker with blood now being pushed towards the outer sides of her limbs. At end of your turn, Nott, I need you to make a death saving throw. That's a success. All right. Caduceus. You're going to attempt to-- Okay. What are you saying? Make an intimidation check. Mm-hmm. Oh, buddy. Okay, there you go. You no longer have to roll death saving throws. It can still constrict you, but... All right, so that ends your turn. Unfortunately, your cries fall on deaf ears as it appears the hunger that drives these vines overrides the communication you're attempting to spring with them. That opportunity may have worked, but not this time! All right, finishing your go. Now -- That's right, Jester and-- well, no, you cast Spirit Guardians this turn, right? Last turn? I know, I'm trying to keep in my head here-- She did. She lifted up Caleb the first time, the second time you cast Spirit Guardians. Now we're going to Caleb and Fjord. Fjord, what are you doing? There you go. Dancing and spearing with their little horns. All right. Roll a strength saving throw to see if you can manage to break through the entangling vines to get towards it. You feel them pull at your shins but you still kick through and you hear them snap as you manage to brush past their grip making your way towards-- which one, the one that has Nott? Go ahead and make your first attack. It's present. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Five points of damage. You carve through the vine-- Bisecting it. You watch as now, looking as you get close up, you can see the base of it now. This slowly shambling chunk of rooted plant. As you run forward, your blade arcing through the air, you cut through the base of it. The actual vine falls limp and uncurls, Nott's body falling to the ground unconscious. That vine is destroyed. You still have another attack, and there's the other vine still trying to wrap around Jester. All right, you move up to strike that one. Nine misses, unfortunately. All right, that finishes your go. Caleb! Correct. Correct-- on your turn or their turn? Their turn's coming up. They forgot to keep that up last time. Okay. Bolt! Okay. I was like-- All right. 25 to hit, that definitely hits. Basically. It should be-- how'd you get a one if it's 2d10? At level five, you're-- Three damage to it. That ends Caleb's go. All right. Now both of them are going to attempt-- the one's dead, the other one fails its save, so go ahead and roll that one. SAM and 14 damage, nice. It's going to go ahead and attempt-- it's now moving away from you and moving over towards Fjord. That is going to roll a 17 to hit. It hits you. It-- (whiplash) wraps around Fjord, pulls your arms to the side of your body and constricts you! You immediately take nine points of bludgeoning damage, and you are grappled and restrained. All right, that finishes that one's go. That brings us to-- now Avantika kicks in. Avantika pulls out blades and is going to go ahead and attack the one going after you and goes "Hands off "of him!" Hits with both, and then-- natural 20 on the dagger. Avantika just starts eviscerating this vine with two slaps of the rapier and then one giant dagger strike that carves up the side. Looking pretty hurt! Still holding on, though. That being the case, we're going to be back at the top. That brings us to Yasha, who's next. Ashley's going to be real happy. Nah, it misses. Oh, there we go. No, for the first hit. The first hit that hits gets the Divine Fury. You double the dice on that one. 26 points of damage. As Yasha just carves through, the second strike cutting straight up the side, almost freeing you, it's shredded and still holding on by a thread of its life as it's trying to pull you back to wherever it crawled its way out of, but still standing. That finishes Yasha's go. Jester. It's barely holding on. All right. It fails with a four on its wisdom save there. Go ahead and roll damage. Five points of damage; how do you want to do this, Jester? (cheering) Okay, the giant Jester stomping out the vine on the ground, it's now like-- (splattering) Parts of it are being crushed and turned to pulp. Caleb is fireman's carry. Make a perception check. Jamedi's still holding the torch up to give you a good range of light. Looking around you, you can see where the two clusters of these weird vine creatures were, these assassin-type vines. You see there's just two of them, and glancing about the chamber and giving a good solid look, you don't see any more of that type. It looks like these two were the ones that were rooted here either as protector or had just woven their way down here and became part of the ecosystem. But at the moment, you don't see any other threat. All right. Both Fjord and Caleb (crash) onto the ground, tumbling onto your sides. They both very much are. You have no idea how long this is going to last. The only other thing you've seen are the central slips, the holes in the bottom of those three tablets. As you make your way towards some of those doors, we're going to take a little break. (groaning) You can find this available now on Kickstarter through Halloween, run by our good friends at Wyrmwood. This one will be given away to someone who wins the giveaway, which in order to enter you have to come over to the Critical Role Twitch chat-- that's twitch.tv/criticalrole-- during the break and enter-- only once!-- the code word "snakes." Plural. (as Indiana Jones) "Why'd it have to be snakes?" We'll have a winner for you when we come back from the break, and we'll see you in a few minutes. [break] Congratulations, punypompouspuffball. We'll have your Wyrmwood gift sent off to you ASAP. Happy Halloween. So. Where we left off, Mighty Nein. You began to go and inspect some of these tablets with these gaps beneath the bottom. Which way did you want to go? They're about 12 to 14 inches wide, and about four to five inches tall. Or on the bottom. All right. There is no tablet or hole in the east. Okay. Into the south. Who's doing what? Are you looking through it? All right. Make a perception check. Are you doing it with a light source below? Perception check. Glancing inside, you see a hatchery of some kind. There's a strong smell of fermentation in there. A majority of the room seems to be a series of clusters of roughly one foot tall eggs. They've all been placed in various edges there, nestled in soft dirt and molding fruit. This is the south room, right? You also see what appears to be a broken humanoid corpse, long decomposed, jammed by one of the clusters. No, no manacles. You can look around you. Go ahead and make a perception check. Well, there are a number of eggs inside there. They look to be somewhat reptilian, yeah. I mean, it's hard to tell from this distance. All you see is the eggs and the body there. They start about four feet into the room, and the room itself from what you can see down there is enclosed. Go for it. You do see, in some of the walls about two feet off the ground similar sized holes that are pushed in against where some of the vines and some of the carvings are that curl upward-- you imagine probably meeting with some of the holes above. You get the sense that perhaps something uses these to traverse up and down parts of this temple. You head to the west one and you go ahead and look inside, I imagine putting the spheres in as well? Make a perception check. Glancing inside, it's a relatively simple chamber. From what you can tell, there are elements of stonework placed in, but they haven't been carved, and they are only partially done. They've gotten most of the temple finished, and they haven't quite fully completed their work in going over the walls inside. The small chamber is maybe 15 by ten feet, and while there's no other real discerning shapes or details to it, you do see about ten feet ahead of you. It descends into stairs. Ten-foot wide set of stairs. Okay. Make another perception check, please. This looks to be a sister hatchery room to the one on the south. This one does not contain a body, but just other clusters of eggs. Make a nature check. With what experience you have with seeing much smaller snakes and other type creatures in nature, you're not really fully understanding the gestation period of yuan-ti. These eggs don't look like they're ready to hatch in the next few days or so. There's still some time before the oldest clutches of-- Yeah, I'd say so. It's the same five-inch tall, 12, 13 inches wide space. Make an investigation check. You have no idea. Sure. Make a strength check. It's wide enough. The actual stone tablets are maybe about three and a half, four inches long. You can get your fingers through and pull on the other side, but it does not budge. At all. Make an investigation check. Okay. It doesn't separate at all, but you do see each of the tablets. Where they're part of the wall, they're actually recessed in as opposed to placed against it. You can see, a very very faint gap where they would probably slide either side to side based on some mechanism. (laughter) Which one are you going in? It's the western one. All right. Make an acrobatics check, just to see if you can squeeze through the space. Your small, goblin form has no real problem-- you have to rearrange your skull at a certain angle to make it through the gap, but you do manage to make your way through to the opposite side of the chamber. You see the simple chamber. It looks like, at first, there was unfinished carvings in the wall, so it looks like the carvings come to a completion, and then the rest of it is a solid stone interior that stops at a wall on the opposite end about 15 feet in, and stairs that slowly curve down about ten-foot wide, just begin to go on a wide spiral downward. Make an investigation check. Okay. So. Amongst the right hand carving, you look within one of the simple portions of a pillar or an obelisk as part of this carving that looks like a similar construct to the city that surrounds this temple, but the obelisk itself appears to protrude from a slight groove from behind this actual gap behind the obelisk, and you reach through and give it a tug. It pulls forward about an inch, at which point, the doors-- All three of the doors open at once, and the fountain raises up to close and return to where it was above. You fill a pocket with fruit. Okay. You grab some fruit and put it in your bag. Jamedi's waiting for all of this to happen. Avantika isn't immediately visible. Mm-hm. You can see the southern wall. Avantika is rushing back towards you. "Well done. "Congratulations. Shall we?" "I was inspecting the other chambers as they opened." "Snakes and a dead body. Huh?" "There's a corpse in the other chamber." "Rotted flesh and some bones." "I've seen a few in my time. Perhaps even caused a few." She looks at you with a grin. (snaps fingers) You watch as this brief burst of flame (poof) in front. "This is going to be so much fun!" "That was not part of the arrangement. You are proving your use to me as my companions and "part of my team. As the captain of the ship and as your superior, I tell you what to do, and you do it." "So what, you kill me, then return and my entire crew just wipes you out as you arrive?" "Oh, I can read between the lines quite strongly there, Fjord. I appreciate that. Look, "this is not me trying to impose my will, just continue the arrangement we made. And I do not "feel like taking the lead. No. That is not the safest route for the captain, eh?" No, she's visible. Yeah. There's a dead body there. Make a perception check. Looking around, you see the egg clutches. You see the body. Not much else in there. It looks like a decomposed corpse. Tattered clothing, broken leather belt, a simple satchel hangs open, just rotted and gone. It's been there for a long time. You go ahead and scoot down for a look. You have no idea. She was the first to inspect the body. "So who is to make their descent? How about you, "Captain Tusktooth? Will you choose one of your subordinates to lead the fray into the "subterranean chambers?" "I think she's volunteering, huh?" "That sounds unanimous, then! Beauregard, I believe is the name that they keep calling you. "Please find your way down. We'll be right behind you." All right, so what's the marching order? Pretty big. Beauregard's in front. Who's after Beauregard? All right, Jester's after Beauregard. Okay, so we'll put Caleb and Nott here. All right, and Avantika is going to stay back with Fjord and Caduceus, and Yasha is going to be right in front of you guys. All righty. Are you descending quietly? I need you all to make a stealth check. Mm-hmm. Roll for Yasha, if you don't mind as well. All right. Beau? While you catch yourself about to stumble down the stairs, Yasha reaches out and catches you and stops you, pulls you back quietly under your heels, and just pats you on the shoulder and continues walking down. TRAVIS. Three natural 20s. Thank god. Continuing through, Jamedi's staying back, not wanting to show the torchlight. Who's going ahead to--? I'll show you what you see. As you look past the corner on that staircase, into this chamber, you see these three large, load-bearing pillars, intricately carved, that make their way to the ceiling of this roughly 60-foot chamber.In the center of it, a pool of water around a small well, but the entire chamber itself is filled with about an inch or two of water. While it's not a glass surface-- There's a slight disturbance to it. There's a slight shift. A shape that is currently coiled quietly. On this end, one of the large, full-bodied snake yuan-ti that you had encountered briefly in the city outside of the temple that had grabbed Jester and was about to make off with her. You can see the 15- or 20-foot long serpentlike lower part of the body where there are no legs-- just this long snake-- that coils around. The muscular, wide, humanlike broad shoulders and muscular arms themselves folded forward. You can see the head-- this full snake head is curled in, eyes closed and almost like prayer or sleep. Strung across one side of its back is a long scimitar that's sheathed. The other shoulder has a longbow thrown over the shoulder, and there is a beautiful silver shield, almost like silver and marble, that's resting on the ground next to its coil, and it's quietly looking down towards the pool of water. There are a couple of other raised platforms in the chamber. Decorative or ceremonial, you're uncertain, but it is quiet, and what little movement that remains there is probably just the very faint ripples of the last bit of physical activity this creature had made amongst the surface of the two to three inches of water that fills the chamber. From what Beau can see, yes. The well is risen above it and the surface is still on the top of that well. Since the fight? Oh yeah. What level is that? There is no light source. That one time. "Yes?" "Why, but of course I can make myself or another invisible." You get the sense from the fact that most of this temple is not lit at all, has no light source, they probably can see in the dark. They have eyes, not necessarily to see. Smoke still obscures in darkness. "Yes?" "Is it Philip, yes?" "I can throw this," and she tosses the dagger and catches it. "But I am more of a up "close and personal eviscerator." You can certainly try. Okay. Given the circumstance, I would put Jester and Nott nearest to the top here. Right. Behind Jester and Nott would be whom? We'll say for the purposes of-- Who's at the back of that? Sorry. All righty. Who's after them? We'll say Avantika will be about there. Jamedi's staying back here with the group. That is the marching order as you guys are in the staircase. It does not make a sound. It is illusory. We're both right. (laughter) Make a perception check, Jester. From here, best you can tell, its eyes are closed. All right, Invoke Duplicity. 30 feet away? That's where it appears. Right. Like right there? Adjacent, okay. All right, both attack with advantage. Melee spell attacks. It's an ambush. It doesn't know you're there. Correct. That hits. And you? You are, yes. Ten misses. Correct. No, it does not. It has to occupy space for it to be an ally. Right! So it should just be a single attack. The first one you rolled? That would hit, so roll damage. Because it is an ambush you get advantage on that. Oh, it was a critical hit? No, no. It's okay. You're thinking of a critical hit. It's all good. No worries. So the total is? 38 points of damage. That is not bad at all. All righty. Then-- 21 points of damage in one round. (impacts) The bolt hits. Immediately, the creature (growls). The eyes flash open and looks around, sees the illusion, looks in the direction where the bolt came from and glances up and sees you at the top of the stairway. Everyone roll initiative. (cheering) All right, 25 to 20. Nobody? 20 to 15? On what? What did you get? It was Nott-- Fjord got what? All righty. Then Caleb got a 14. Now it is-- Ten to five. LAURA and Aww. What did Yasha get? That means that if you guys have any creative ways to do combined attacks, the three of you can go at the same time and be fun with it. Correct. Well, essentially in that order you would be able to be like (spell attack) right before somebody hit if you wanted to. Because you're still on the same initiative order. Yeah. That brings us to the top of the combat round. Beau, you're up first. Well, you have 45 feet as your distance, right? (counting) That's one move. That'll get you about there. Yeah, you can do that. Try it out. It is 30 feet from you. Yeah, go for it. Yeah. It's a ranged-- 18 hits. All right. Roll damage for each. D4's, yep. Well, hold on. If it's a monk weapon because it's the shuriken you got-- Oh, but the darts. They're not monk weapons, yeah. Yeah. The daggers or something akin to that would be a monk weapon. 13 damage total? You can move five more feet there to get behind that pole if you want. Okay. Patient Defense would be your bonus action. You're not going to do that? Then you still have a bonus action. Sure. I think it's an unarmed attack, actually. For your bonus action. I'll double check. The Player's Handbook has vanished from me. It's all good. While I'm looking this up, anything else-- An unarmed strike is a bonus action, so you cannot throw a third shuriken. Hold. All right. That's Beau's turn. Next up is Nott. Nott, you are up next. Fjord, you're on deck. This way? All right. Five, ten, (counting). Go for it. 16 hits. SAM and It does not count as an adjacent ally, unfortunately. 11 points of damage. Nice! As the three shurikens stick into its form (growling and hissing) It sees you rush past and (growling). Okay. It looks (growling), it looks up (snorting) and can't quite track you. It does see Jester up in the stairway, though. It's now its turn as the abomination takes its round. It is going to pull its scimitar out and rake it across the stone, carving sparks and grinding off some of them causing this echo throughout the chamber before resheathing it and pulling its longbow out and getting it out to fire a volley of two arrows at Jester. With the longbow, you are in its first range. First attack is 18 to hit. Oh yeah, that does hit. You take 18 points of piercing damage as well as-- As well as 15 points of poison damage. As the arrow (groaning), it's longer than an average arrow. This longbow is a longbow for one of these large abominations and it just sinks into you. It pulls back for another arrow. That is a 15. This one you deflect it and the arrow splinters off and hits the wall. With that, it's going to move behind here and is now back to the wall and it's getting another arrow ready. That brings the end of his turn. Fjord, you're up. Here, back? We'll say there, there, there. Well, you're glancing your eye, it's where you looking at. Going to land wherever it lands, wherever you want to place it. 20-foot radius? Yeah, that'll definitely be good. Back there. Yeah, that's about right. The whole area fills with darkness, and these strange, somewhat translucent, slimy tendrils occasionally whip out the sides of this orb where light cannot pierce. That's your action and your movement, is that the end of your turn? All right. That brings us to Caleb. You're up. You come around the chamber and you look and all you see is a giant sphere of blackness. You have no idea where the creature is. Let's double check. "No light, magical or otherwise, can illuminate the area, and creatures fully within "the area are blinded." Yeah, you haven't seen it yet. You are concentrating on that. All righty. That ends Caleb's turn. All right. That brings us to Yasha, Caduceus, and Jester. All right. d8 plus five, I believe. Of course. Remember, if she doesn't attack or be attacked, she loses her rage next round. She's going double rush in? (counting) 30, 35, 40. Dash and she can get over on this side, you mean? Over here? All right. Now the chamber, primarily, is now visible to everybody without issue, yourself included. Is it an action to cast Light as a cantrip? Well, you had cast Light previously on the edge of your staff. You're still giving off your own light source. Are you going to stay put, then? In the back of the hallway there? Mm-hmm. Okay. Back a few steps. Make an attack with disadvantage, if you're going to be doing something else. Are you doing another Inflict Wounds? All right. Okay. You go to release. Spell is expended, but no impact on the creature, unfortunately. 3rd-level spell used. Back up here? All righty. Crowded hallway. All right. Start of the turn, got it. All right. At the top of his turn. However, you guys both finish. Yasha did her turn. You're all done there, looks good. Now comes to Avantika and Jamedi. Avantika's going to charge down. Goes in there with blades out ready to go. Jamedi is going to come forward and take the torch and throw it further inside. It clatters this way, helps illuminate that side of the chamber, and then backs up. Correct. It lights everything around it. Top of the round. The surface of the well begins to bubble and move. The water begins to rise up like the surface bubbles up and begins to pour on the side. As you watch this large, snake-like serpent head arrives. And another. And another. And another. You see emerging from the center of this chamber-- -- the true guardian the Warden. Spoken of in the text above. It definitely enters the Hunger of Hadar. A dexterity saving throw on its point there. That is a ten. Ten points of cold damage to the hydra. All right. Gotcha. Right now, Avantika's the one closest to it. Moves forward. Has a reach of ten. Doesn't have to fully get into melee with her. It's going to take multiple attacks at her. You see this body emerge from it. That is a natural one. Good for her. That misses. 16. That hits. That hits, and that hits. With that, Avantika takes 15 points of piercing damage. Ten points of piercing damage, and 11 points of piercing damage. Avantika, she's like, "Holy fucking shit! I could use some assistance!" She is just trying to fight these things off. All right, now it's Beau's turn. It does. Got it. It's burning and holding it in place, slowing it down, but it seems to neglect it for the most part. All right. That brings us to-- -- Beau's turn. All right. As Beau swings around, Hasted-- Not at its current position. You can get into the pool, if you want to. You're Hasted. Where do you want to be? Here? Here? All righty. Go for it. 14 just misses. Your staff just scrapes off of its hard armor. You still have a bonus action. What are you going to do? Don't listen to them, do what you were going to do. No. Disengage is an action, unless you're a rogue and had that ability. Probably. Okay. That's good. One per head. That finishes Beau's turn. Nott, you're up. It's a singular creature. Step of the Wind allows you to do that? Nott, what are you doing? Go for it. 11 to attack? Misses. Yeah, she doesn't know you're there, so it would be advantage since you were hidden previously. That does hit. You do get sneak attack damage. 16 points of damage to it. Strikes into it, one of the heads looks back into your direction, glancing around. Back which way, to here? Got it. That finishes your turn, Nott. It's now the abomination's turn. Yes, it does. 11 points, nice. Slithers out of the radius. Sees Yasha and sees Avantika. Avantika's handled now by the hydra. He's going to now look towards Yasha and take two arrow strikes at her. Yep. No, the abomination right there. No, she's not raging. That is an 18 to hit. And a 19 to hit. She takes six points of piercing damage and eight points of poison damage. Second attack is 13 points of piercing damage. 13 points of piercing damage, and ten points of poison damage. She got lucky on those rolls there. It's going to stay back here in the corner, trying to keep away. It's just using its arrows from a distance. It's starting to show some wear and tear. This guy over here has been pummelled with a few things and the tentacles have been tearing through him, but he's staying outside of the radius of that sphere. That finishes his go. Fjord, you're up. You're moving, you said? Okay, here. As you're moving in that direction (whooshing)-- this against the hydra? That hits. Ooh. 22 points of damage. As both bolts slam into the head, you watch as the head pops. Actually blasts them off the hydra. But now you know. Hexblade's Curse, right there. That brings us to Caleb. That hits. All right, roll the first 2d6. Double this. 35 points of damage. You watch as another head gets burnt to cinders. From the nearby impact, it actually cauterizes where the first head was destroyed and where the second one was destroyed. All right. That finishes Caleb's turn. It is now Yasha, Caduceus and Jester's. From this position, you cannot. Hmm, you'd have to get this way and you don't have enough-- you could try and leap off here. You'd have to make an acrobatics check to see if you land properly. All right, you step out and see the hydra. This sphere is preventing you from seeing the abomination. Okay. Charisma save? No, that is an eight. I'm looking it up again. Right. You're concentrating on that. It is, concentration for up to one minute. Yep. That is Bane. Is that where you're staying? All right, pop back out. Healer tactics. That finishes Caduceus's turn. Jester and Yasha? Let me just double check something as far as your duplicate is concerned. It might be the case, it might not be. I'll double check here. No, it just says, you create it for a minute, it says it's concentration, an unoccupied space, you can move the illusion for 30 feet in space you can see, but it must remain within 120 feet of you. But you cannot see any of these spaces where it is. You can. Right now it's consumed in darkness. You cannot see anything past this. The Hunger of Hadar is blocking all your vision. You do not know where your illusion is, you just see this large sphere of darkness. Correct. Technically no, but nevertheless. To a space you can see, you can, but it would be over on this side. Over next to Beau on this side? You could try to. You can get it right there on the cusp, floating above the top there. It's just peering out, and it's visible to you now. Go for it! Roll for an attack. 16 hits. Roll damage. (music) You are correct. That finishes your turn. Yasha? You move back, all right. This way? (counting) Okay, that finishes Yasha's go. Top of the round. Now the hydra goes. The hydra spins around to face Beau who has now moved up. Now only three functional heads, it's going to take three swipes at Beau. (laughter) Double natural ones! That's impressive. Minus three! That's a 12? That's 21. With Bane. You take 15 points of piercing damage as it suddenly-- two heads you manage to dodge by, there's one that was moving too quick that you didn't see coming and-- 21. Then it still hits you. Bites you in the side, lifts you off the ground from the impact and you feel the teeth crunch into your abdomen. You manage to elbow your way out and land, and you can see the fresh teeth marks starting to bleed down the side. It's going to move out and into range with both of them, right there. She's not within range. No, they have a reach of ten. All right, so that's going to bring us to Beau. You're up. That's true, yeah. That lowers it to 16. Plus five on his con. Roll one more dice, just in case it's a crit. There you go. Gave you that to you as a freebie. Plus zero. No vulnerability for the hydra. Yeah. Six points of damage there. Go for it. 15 hits. That misses. You have one more hit. Rolling series of strikes, you pull some information from it. Manages to pummel the sides of this base where its torso is. Well done. Does that end your turn? Okay, you stay where you are. That brings us to Nott. With your explosive bolt? Okay. All righty. You're holding your action. It is now the abomination's turn. The abomination-- or Avantika's turn. I feel like I forgot Avantika's turn. And Jamedi. Avantika would have darted around and gotten into melee with the hydra. Ooh, nice. Natural 20 on one of those hits. That's a-- (counting) 22 points of damage to it. Correct, from Avantika. Yeah, those were two rapier strikes. Finishes her go. Jamedi is just shaking and not even getting involved in the combat. Too scared to go in. That brings us to the abomination's turn, who's going to turn around the corner, rise up on the platform here-- That's a good thing, yeah, because it turned around and it's going to take two shots at you with its longbow. That is 15. And 23. 16 points of piercing damage? Including 12 points of poison damage. Correct. So you take six. Well, here-- you resisted all of the damage from the arrow entirely. That's pretty slick. Yeah, it doesn't even catch you. No poison. You manage to stop it in place. The poison doesn't even hit your system. Watching you reach behind and catch the arrow and stop it from going there, and the second one just manages to dodge past you. (growling) It's going to go ahead and-- That's when you take the 2d6. Spitting it out on the side, your lips and tongue go a little numb. All right, that ends its go. Fjord, you're up and then Caleb you're on deck. 18 hits. You're concentrating on that. I forgot about that. Did you add your extra damage for your Hexblade's Curse? That finishes your turn, Fjord. Caleb, you're up. All righty. Well, this would be concentration, regardless. The abomination, that is a natural 12 plus two, that's a 14. What's your DC? For the hydra-- It's a natural 18-- Minus three for the Bane. That's 15. This ends Caleb's go. That brings us to-- Caleb moves off to the side. Yasha, Caduceus, and Jester? Jester steps out to the side. Throw it high. Make a strength check. Nott, roll an attack roll. No, you do not. So. (laughing) The barrel (whooshing). The bolt (arrow firing) and detonates somewhere on the opposite side of the chamber as the barrel (landing) into the water of the well in the center there. You hear a splash of water. That would've been spectacular if it had worked. There you go. All righty. Okay, got it. That finishes that turn. Caduceus? To Yasha. There you go. She is flanking with Avantika, yes. Correct, you don't have to. You can if you want to. 14 misses. Goes wide, second strike. 16 does hit. 15 was the threshold. Yeah, and she still does her divine damage. Doubled, so it's 32 points of damage. Another head is carved off of its body. That ends Yasha's go? It's now Avantika's turn, Avantika is going to take three strikes at it. The rapier-- both hit, 18 and 11 naturally. The dagger misses with a four. Oh shit. (counting) 25 points of damage. 25 points of damage from Avantika carves off another head. There is now one head on the hydra. Next up is Jamedi, who's staying out of the fray. Next is the hydra's turn. The hydra, who only has one head, but is slowed and can only make one attack anyway, is going to swing back to you since you're the one who looks the most damaged too and it wants to start taking something down. No, against you. Ooh, that's a natural 20 against you. No, you specifically got out of sight. It happens as it happens, so roll for Yasha. She can't reckless out of turn. It's all good. 15 just hits. Roll damage for Yasha. That's cocked. That is 18 points of piercing damage to you, Beau. Mm-hmm. Nice. It's starting to look hurt. Hold on a second. At the end of its turn-- ah! End of its turn, it grows two heads for each of its heads that died since its last turn unless it's taken fire damage. Since it was slowed and did not take fire damage, it regrows four new heads. It's a natural ability. It's not an action. It just happens at the end of its roll. No, the cauterized ones are still gone, but the two that it lost last turn-- Yes. It makes a wisdom save against the Slow, right? At the end of its turn? Natural 17! Oh, right, yeah! This could do it! Minus one-- 16. What's the DC? At the end of the spell? "A creature affected by the spell makes another wisdom saving throw at the end of its "turn. On a successful save, the effect ends." No, what's your spell DC? It succeeds the save. I just rolled. It was a one on the d4. It brought it from 17 to 16. He succeeded. The Slow fails and it does regenerate some hit points from regaining the two heads back. All right. That ends the hydra's turn. Beau, you're up. Go for it. Not from Beau, it's not. Yasha and Avantika are flanking. 21 hits! 12 misses, unfortunately. Okay. Avantika and Jamedi are at the very bottom. She already went. She was the one who cut off one of the heads and then it came back. Patient Defense for Beau. That brings us to Nott. Yep. It's still over there in the darkness somewhere. Go for it. Roll for an attack. I was hoping Fluffernutter was going to work. I'm so sorry. 13 misses, it goes wide. You are hidden! You have advantage on that. 18 does hit, so roll damage. 23? Ooh, nice! All right. It takes the damage. It sinks into one of the necks. Its body is taking wounds heavily. It's hurt. It's not on the edge of its life, but it's hurt. That finishes Nott's turn. It's now the abomination's turn. Correct. He is going to go ahead and-- can't take a reaction, right? Oh man. The only one close enough to do anything is Beau. It's going to sweep up behind Beau and take one giant swing with its scimitar at you. With disadvantage. Yes, staying just on the cusp of the bubble. Disadvantage because of Patient Defense. Which is good you did because its was a natural 20 and then a five. That brings it to 12. It totally misses. It swings wide. It would have been a head cleaving blow and out of the corner of your eye you see it with your Patient Defense ready and watch it slowly carve past, catching a couple hairs on the side of your head as you duck out of the way. Then it makes a wisdom save to see if it can to see if it can resist that. Natural 11 plus two. 13. No, still slowed. Man! That fucks him up, too, bad. That ends his go. Fjord, you're up. Dropping the Hunger of Hadar. Correct. Now the chamber is visible. That hits. What did you roll? 12? No. It misses. With that, you blow off another one of its heads. There you go. Now it's down to four heads. Fjord, the stump goes limp, laying on the ground, but there, out of the corner of your eye, you can see another head or two little snouts beginning to try and regenerate out of that neck point. You now are seeing those processes of regeneration. With each head that is removed, it immediately begins to try and regrow in its space. That finishes your turn, Fjord? Caleb, you're up. How many Slow slots do you have? But you've cast Haste when you got in here and you cast Slow earlier, so that's two-- That's right! 6th-level. You get a third slot! That's correct. I was thinking you had two. Yeah, all right. DC 16 with Bane. For the abomination with Bane, that's 12 with him. So he fails. So he's still Slowed. And the hydra. (laughs) That's fucked up. It was a natural 20. Technically, you lose concentration on the-- When you recast a concentration spell, it drops before-- I understand, but Slow is an area effect meaning you can hit multiple enemies. There's no reason to not hit him. Otherwise, you lose the concentration. If you want to look at the dice. I know. That was-- Right, but then I rolled a four on the Bane, which brought it down to a 16. Which is exactly the DC. That's fucked up. That's why I laughed. I was like, "That's really stupid." All right, well, ducked back behind. It maintains basically where it was before. That finishes up your round, Caleb. Yasha, Caduceus, and Jester. Okay. Correct. To not be a stickler on-- I'm just saying. There was no benefit to not choosing the snake guy because he would have lost his slow if you cast it on just the hydra and recasting it again, you can choose them both which means there was no benefit other than retroactively doing the die rolls. Correct. I'm sorry, man. Wizards are high-risk, high-reward for that reason. That brings us to Yasha, Caduceus, and Jester. The hydra. Okay. Wisdom save on him, natural 18. Yeah. Plus two, it's 20. Oh, a dex save? That's even higher. That's a 21. That finishes Jester's go? You're putting your back against the wall here? You look at him and he's genuinely scared. How many times have you used it now? That's right. Because of short rest. Got it. Okay. That brings us to Yasha. You're still flanking with Avantika. Yeah, that definitely hits. That's 18 points doubled. So that becomes 36? TRAVIS and With that, another one of the heads is carved off, reducing this-- LAURA and That hits. It's hurting real bad. That's rough. That finishes Yasha's go. Avantika, it's now her turn to go. Three attacks. Oof, that's not a good round. A two, a three, and 16 on the dagger. That hits, though. Five points of damage for Avantika. Jamedi is just going to stare back at you and be like, "I was not hired for this!" That brings us to the hydra's turn. Sure. Make an insight check. Hard to read. The hydra, now that it has, technically, advantage with the abomination across from you, Beau, it's going to take its attack-- Because they have you flanked. That is 20 to hit. All right. Right. That would make it 18. There you go. That is 21 brought to 20. That hits. Roll damage for Yasha. Ooh! That is 14 points of piercing damage. That is 21. With the Bane brought it down to 21. I rolled a three. It was a 24. He's rolling really good this round. That is 14 points of piercing damage. MARISHA and That finishes the hydra's turn. The hydra now regrows. Come here, buddy. It is back up to five heads now. It's looking really rough, though. With Beau down, it's going to slither up over here and get into melee with you, Caduceus. Because you already used your reaction to do so. In which case, actually, it's going to slither even further up into getting with melee with Jester as well. Now the heads are curling down inside and it's making its way to up into the hallway. That ends the hydra's turn. Beau, I need you to roll a death saving throw, please. First failed death save. Nott, you're up. It's in the water currently. Right there. (music) Okay. You scoot around the corner. 19 hits. He's so close. He's still slowed and you watch him (groaning). All right, you grab the keg. That hits. Roll damage. Just right through the temple. Onto the ground. You're just holding the keg there. Okay. That ends your turn, Nott. That would have been the abomination's turn, but he's dead. That brings us to Fjord. That hits. That does not hit. You undo its healing from last round. Meaning it healed up 20 points and then you just did 22. You blast its body and part of its back muscles are exposed and bits of bone are showing. It still has all of these heads that are sinking forward and desperately biting around it, but it's looking really rough. That finishes your turn, Fjord. Caleb, you're up. Correct, you were just out of its range. Well, this curves around so you can get that close, but you can't see it. That's where you can see it. Any further and you're not going to be able to see it. Go for it. It has, technically, three-quarters cover because of most of it's covered by the rest of the chamber. That's half cover. Yeah. Next to Jester there will get you into its melee zone. It's in the melee zone. Hold on a second. Just letting you know, you have disadvantage on attacks when you're in melee with something. Correct. It's either get into melee and have disadvantage or take three-quarters cover. Well it's disadvantage or it gets plus five to its AC. Your call. All right, so you get in there. You can, yes. 11 misses. The bolt goes wide, arcing past it. You are in melee range, yes. All right, you're staying there. All right that ends Caleb's turn. Yasha, Caduceus, and Jester. That is a natural 17. A four. Fails. Actually no, technically-- In casting Spirit Guardians, which is a concentration spell, your Bane drops. So it does succeed. Okay, we'll just walk that back a little bit. Yeah, Spirit Guardians is a concentration of ten minutes. Okay then. You are in its melee, so disadvantage on the attack roll. Whatever your spell attack modifier is. I think it's plus eight. 13 misses, unfortunately. Guiding Bolt goes wide. You turn invisible which means you're still there-- this is the mark that you're invisible. That means any attacks against you have disadvantage. Two space over-- Here you mean? Inside the tunnel you mean? That finishes your turn. Some bad rolls, you guys, I'm sorry. Jester. You have to move forward to see it. You can move there and glance up the side, if you want. You can see Beau. Cure Wounds with-- yes. I'm sorry. That ends your turn, Jester. It's Yasha's turn. Sure. There you go. At the moment, no, because nobody is directly into melee with it, they're just within its reach. That hits. Well, there you go. 15 just hits. Okay, and the next attack? How does Yasha want to do this? The blade shinks out the front and then (squishing noises). With a violent swing, the torso splits apart with Yasha standing over the back and leaping off behind it where it falls and slides down the steps to the base of the bottom chamber, With the hydra slain and fallen, everyone looks around, taking a moment breathing heavily, taking in the much worse way that could have gone a few times. Both Nott and Caleb are. As you step out, you look down and see Avantika walking up and kicking the body and looking at the rest of you. There's sweat in her brow, little smear of her own blood down the front of her face. "Not bad. Not bad at all. You can stay on the crew." Puts her blades away. And that's where we're going to pick up next week. What? I love the mini; it comes with so many heads. That was fun. Well done, guys. Man, I wanted that to explode so bad! If you had thrown it high enough, if you hit it, it would have just hit the hydra, but that low roll was just this low arc. It would have probably hit Beau and everything around it. In essence with the low strength roll, it's probably best that you missed because it would have been-- It would have been like a free Fireball, essentially. I don't know, you still can use it. You'll figure it out. We'll pick up for this next time we play, which will be in two weeks, technically, because we'll be at MCM. However next week, you get to see Laura's amazing one-shot she's running. Enjoy that. We'll pick up this campaign November 1st. We'll get to see the aftermath of this battle, explore this chamber, and what the things you've learned and hope to learn mean. Until we get to then, guys, we love you very much and is it Thursday yet? Good night.