Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) Sam? It's a cantrip. Thank you, D&D Beyond. Thank you, Sax. Mam. You're Mam. Smax. I like that. We'll go with that. And our secondary sponsor tonight, returning from last week, our friends at Raven and the Rook have their Kickstarter up for their awesome, fantastic Far Traveler's Collection notebooks for you to keep all of your campaign notes in. All of the leather is engraved, and you have all the different sheets for your character spell information and everything else. The quality is pretty badass, actually. Comparatively. It's not too bad. That's sixth-grade font size. That's how I adjust font sizes, by what grade I was in, I guess. I don't know why. The collection features a deluxe edition of their Mischief & Misadventures Campaign Diary, as well as the new Far Traveler's Notebook, which has the fantastic covers that you see here from our fantastic friend, Deven Rue, to the show. Plus, all reward tiers will include a free Kickstarter-exclusive Voyager's Pack, which is essential for the Blind Bundle box. Become a backer now at therookandtheraven.com/criticalrole before the Kickstarter ends on September 20th. Go check it out. It's good stuff. That's our sponsorship for the night. A few quick updates. A reminder to you guys that we are doing our very first live show in New York City, coming up beginning of next month! We are at The Palace in Washington Heights on Thursday, October 4th. Tickets are still available at Ticketmaster. You can check out more information-- pardon me. I did. I was scarfing food before we started the show. I'm sorry. Details at critrole.com. Those who were here earlier in the week saw that our Twitch subs are now live! We have a bunch of new content releasing now and will be releasing soon. We announced a few new shows that are going to be coming up very soon, actually. Yeah, do you want to talk about that? There you go. Good. Thank you, Travis. Good looking out. Species level tears him in half. Anyway, Between the Sheets! Mondays on our Twitch channel! Beginning with interviews with the cast of Critical Role, and from there, expanding out into different friends of the show and beyond. We'll have a lot of great perspectives and people of different backgrounds and ideas. It's going to be a really fun show. We also announced the upcoming show for All Work, No Play, for these two handsome gentlemen here. Yeah. Look for information on that and all our upcoming content at critrole.com. We're also raising money for Sam's favorite charity. It does go to the charity. Thank you, guys, for being amazing and supportive of this fantastic charity push. More to come! As part of that, we are announcing that the special one-shot is-- it's on my list here. Do you want to talk about it? 7pm on this channel. Next Friday the 21st. You better get on that, buddy! The VOD will be available on Sunday at youtube.com/criticalrole. Look for that. And with that, I believe our announcements are complete. Without further ado, let's jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role! [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Welcome back. Cool. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein had made their way south, absconding from the tensions of the north Dwendalian Empire to seek a few possible threads of mystery to the south shores and coasts of the Menagerie Coast. You made your way through the Wuyun Gorge, purchased a few pets, and then eventually found yourselves-- for many of you, your first time-- at the beach, at the coast, seeing an ocean, seeing the waves, seeing the sand, and took a brief bit of time to relish in that experience. Eventually making your way to Nicodranas in time for the sunset across the western ocean. You began to notice the workforce that goes through the day and dwindles to the night that works alongside the numerous number of ships that come in and then stay along the wharf and the various docks in the vicinity. You made your way through the-- not very stealthy. But we're not in character yet, so I'll allow it. You made your way throughout various districts of the city, eventually meeting the fantastic and long-presented mother of Jester The Ruby of the Sea, Marion Lavorre. After having some time to catch up with her, exchange information about your travels, you discovered that there had been some issues with one client of hers in the town, and managed to gather a little bit of information, but began to seek more about this Algar, this figure who had grown jealous of other clientele and seemed to be becoming a point of concern for Marion. You took it upon yourselves to look into this individual, and find a way to possibly resolve this while you were in town. You also began to run into some other curious mysteries. You went to the lighthouse and spoke with the lighthouse keeper there for a bit. You had found a strange tower in the Open Quay. (laughs) Then eventually discovered, along the wharf, a tavern with a familiar name based on some of the previous things you were keeping an eye out for the Wayfarer's Cove. You had just stepped into the darkened interior of this, the smell of old, wet wood combined with the dried liquors and ales that had long stained the various tables and floorboards of this dank and relatively musty bar. Looking across the clientele, a few interesting persons caught your attention, and that's where we left off. So, Mighty Nein, as you begin to enter this darkened, torch-lit interior-- lantern, I would say, slowly hanging from various portions of the ceiling, crossbeams, the bits of wind that push them, causing them to slightly shift and have this shifting crackle of firelight within the chamber, what do you wish to do? Do you walk up and approach him? Sitting there on the table, both these large, scaled, coming to the point of these hooked claws, these hands are wrapped around this heavy tankard. The head shifts over your direction where the eye patch meets your gaze first before the other eye creeps past the extending hard brow. "I'm sorry, what you asking, eh?" "Well t-that's certainly a possibility, cher." "You don't think that perhaps someone's going to tell you their life story just without "even knowing you? You can buy me a drink first." "Very well." "(sighs)" He raises one of his fingers up towards the bar and the bartender glances up. "Oh another round, okay." He turns around and begins preparing what looks to be another drink. Lowers his hand and claw which scrapes across the wood and leaves this little curl of-- little shaving that is put to the side as his hand comes to rest, looking back at you with his one eye. "How about this then? Let's trade a story, huh?" "Y-you tell me where you're from and why it brought you in to my table, then m-maybe I'll tell you how I lost this, yeah?" "(laughs) No." Drink gets brought down to the table. "Don't worry, she's going to take care of it." It's a silver for that so it's an easy trade off. Okay, well for a round of drinks and the milks involved as well, that'll put you we'll say at about... two silver. "I'm going to be perfectly honest that was a lot m-more than I was asking. But I appreciate it." He turns and you hear the creaking of leather as the long extended neck turns, the folds of skin pushing against themselves. "Oh this? Got this here on sea maybe about... six or seven years ago." He reaches back and you can see-- it's interesting because on the right side of the shell it looks like elements have been carved through where these pipes have been put in on the back. On the front there's a small deflated pouch of leather and a small extended tube of metal. He lifts it with one hand and breathes into it and it inflates a bit and inflates a bit. You see his one eye look around mischievously to everyone else at the bar and goes, "I mean y-you asked." (terrible bagpipe wails) This trio of bagpipes begin blasting out of these large, almost shell-sculpted pipes that curve out of his shell and everyone in the room just immediately starts grabbing their ears going "Ah!" and start throwing things over, clanking off of his shell. Only a few notes in because while he's mischievously enjoying the moment of shattering the calm and chill in the chamber he's not going to get himself thrown out, so he stops and goes "That there's how I keep the other shipmates... entertained." "It's been a number of m-m-months since I found me a good ship and a purpose out there on "the ocean sea, but I've been known to be a rather decent second mate and navigator." "That's not my m-m-moniker." (laughter) "Orly." "Orly Skiffback." "Skiffback." "Now, I've been forthcoming in my d-direct title. M-m-might I ask what your individual names "may be?" "Very well. Welcome to this shithole." He grabs his drink and sips. Takes a few moments and looks around again. "Y'all still lingering for some reason?" "Can't say that I have there son, my apologies. However you're m-m-more than welcome to "ask around. I'm sure there's a whole mighty spectrum of curious travelers that come in and out "of here." "More the latter than the former. I got to jive with the right crew. More like they got to "jive with me. I mean--" and he does this I'm-a-fucking-tortle physicality to it. "Well, they're an acquired taste I'd say perhaps, cherie." "Yeah, I'd say so." "Why you asking?" "If I m-might inquire." Make a persuasion check. "I can say I've seen him around. Occasionally the boy has needed a place to crash "and I've provided my shack, my abode, when he's been drinking too hard or comes in with some sort "of a m-mark on his face." "Only in occasionally." "N-not in a few days, no." "Don't pay attention, don't care none." You see him getting guarded the more you start asking about Marius a little bit. Caduceus, you specifically, as you're watching this, you get the sense that he's offered up a little bit of information but that little bit seems to have caused him to reel in. He's being guarded and doesn't seem very forthcoming, though he passes it off as a lack of information. "You said something about a delivery?" There's a shifting to Orly at which point the last of the air in the small pouch gets pushed in and it (wailing bagpipes) slowly comes to rest. "(laughs) M-M-Marius ain't really what you'd call sea-trekking folk. More of a slimy, shadow "word peddler. However, last time I saw him not but maybe a week ago, I recall he was complaining. "Waiting on something to be delivered. Never found its way around. Was getting real-- that boy owes a "lot of money." Make a persuasion check. Yeah. 21? Orly looks you straight with his one good eye, glances up and down. You get a good look. The leather eye patch itself has its own carving into it like it was wettened at one point and then shaved to have a very similar pattern as the curling wave tattoos that match his upper arms and you can now see the backs and sides of his neck. Looking through you for a moment, goes-- "Let me tell you something. If what you say is true, it could very well be that you and your "friends here might have a way of taking some of the weight off of M-M-Marius. I haven't seen him "in some time, but I do know sometimes he hangs around the docks at night. Round m-m-midnight. "Sometimes he's meeting folks in ships and selling things I can only imagine is illegal. Sometimes "he's picking things up." "What you looking for skinny-ass little half-elf fellow. Sides of his head shaved real low. "Tiny little fuzz. "With a big old flop of blonde hair, hangs around in front of the face." "Other than that, he don't dress m-m-mighty rich or anything. Tends to stay out of sight, so "maybe be best you keep a keen eye around the shadows, huh?" "If all goes well and you end up doing him a solid, don't be afraid to tell him that Orly put you in the right direction, huh?" "If not, don't say a fucking word." Scratches the bottom of the chin, looking at you. Yeah, there's an older fisherman-looking gentleman who's sitting there, minding his own business, staring at his own drink, though now he's glaring over this large group that's conversing after blowing bagpipes in the middle of his previously solitary afternoon. There's a woman, probably late 40s, early 50s or so, with a very big mass of hair that goes from a dark brown, to a gray, to white at the tips, almost like a mane. Dark skin, looks weathered from lots of travel and probably seen quite a bit in her day. A light brown coat that hangs over the edge of the chair she's sitting in. They're all looking at you guys because you all come storming in here, cause this ruckus, talking to the tortle. Yeah, you guys aren't the most subtle of arrivals. Make an insight check. Hard to tell. Do you guys stay with Orly, or--? He looks like he is enjoying his drink and he's not giving you any particular vibe in your direction. He doesn't seem to mind, but he's not engaging. Most of his conversation is reactive at the moment. "What are you talking about?" "I don't either, my apologies. I don't know." Make an insight check. He's smiling with his response, and in all your time, you're not very well versed in the tics and the subtle facial reads for tortles. "Oh, that's fine. There are all sorts of problems throughout this city. You end up taking "one down, that's one m-m-more that we don't got to piss on." "Well, that just ain't going to stand now, is it, cherie? You got to respect people's m-m-mamas." While you're having this conversation, Fjord has walked over to the other table and the woman sitting there, her hands resting on the side. Trailing as well? As you guys approach, with Fjord towards the front, she watches you. "Well, I'm going to be honest. It's hard not to draw my attention with that very subtle display you've all managed to provide." "This here? Wine." "It's wine. Red. Why, you buying?" "(chuckle) I'll always care for more." For just her or for both of you? Okay. That'll put you back, we'll say-- No, we'll say one silver for just her, for one round. "To be completely honest, I don't spend a lot of time in the Quay. I tend to focus more on "this side. The business is better." I don't know why I'm focused on that other eye. I'm stuck in that. I just noticed that. No, it's good. She was leaning this way. I know, and it's a problem already. She goes, "I've seen it. I've certainly gazed and seen "that weird tower. I think that's what you're referring to." "Oh no, just passing through. Taking a break. I've only been here for about a week, and "then shoving off back to this trade route towards Marquet, probably." "You a sailor as well?" "What's your specialty? I might be looking for crew." "What's your rank?" "But you're looking to travel?" "I maybe got room for one more in the crew if you want to come along. Prove yourself a few days at sea." She glances off to the side and points on the far left side of the harbor. "I can't really "show you from here. Follow me." She steps up and walks past you towards the front and points to one ship. "Past there, the one with the grayish sails furled up. That's the Drensala Vis. That's my ship." "She's been through a lot, but she's stuck with me for many years." "I didn't catch yours." "Who is this guy?" "This your friend?" "I've got to say, I'm pretty intrigued by a strong-backed, small-ranked sailor looking for "work that walks around with his own accountant." "Caleb Widogast." "Fjord. Just Fjord?" "Well, I'm just Captain Adella. Pleasure to meet you." "I think when we round up with a full crew and supplies gathered up. Probably want to take "some time to relax here in town for another week or so and then we'll head off. It's probably going "to be a good six, seven months' journey before we come back. But if you and your accountant friend "are looking to come, we got room for two more." "If you want to pay passage." "Yeah, direct. Couple stops along the coast, but--" "Very well." "You as well." "That's about as much as I've heard. I tend not to poke around places that act weird, strange "magics and such. Lot of folks that get too curious end up not coming back." She goes, "Not in my crew." "Yeah, half-elf fella? Yeah, he was in here a few months back when I was last docked in Nicodranas. Working with that lowlife, Cadmus. Haven't seen him since, though.". "Cadmus Leeland. You know Cadmus Leeland?" "He's a right fuckface, I'll tell you that." "Yeah." Make a history check. You have heard of Cadmus. Cadmus goes under the guise of a shipping merchant that hops from port to port, but for those who work heavily in the shipping lanes, he's known to be a thief, one that skims off the top. Recently, his business has come to a crawl as he's instead been staying out to sea, possibly, from what rumors have said, been involved in the shaking down of ships without means of protecting themselves. You also, with that roll, you know the name of his ship The Widow's Embrace. Not in your readings, no. You haven't spent a lot of time studying maritime history. I don't think you have. "Why, what's this Sabian to you?" "All right, but I'd do my best to stay away from Cadmus. The guy's a right asshole. If your "friend's palling around with him, I don't know what kind of shit your friend's getting into these days." At this point, Captain Adella looks over your shoulder a bit and goes, "Anyway, I'm going "to go finish my wine. It's been a pleasure." You guys have moved back into the bar, and in the doorway, you see a figure appear. A looming figure. There's the dark silhouette against the bright sun in the sky behind. You see over one shoulder, some sort of large sack that has been thrown over and held with one arm. The other sits at the side with a sword sheathed across that shoulder. Stepping into the light, you see the familiar and somewhat surprised face of Yasha. Ashley, if you want to jump in here, if you don't mind? You guys spin around to see the broad shoulders and intimidating presence of Yasha step into the dark bar interior. Yasha, you step inside looking for a moment of respite and a drink and are caught off guard by the group that is now staring back at you with the same aghast expression. The bartender goes and gathers a couple bottles of wine. That'll run you-- fair or fine wine? That'll be, for two bottles, 20 gold. For a passing, somewhat briny wine, run you about two gold for two bottles. You have no idea who that is. You see this bright crimson weasel that is now curled up in your hand and (chattering). It pisses right in your hand. As you say dog, you look down and you can see the right side of your boot is now being slightly moistened by the urine of the tiny puppy. All the animals are apparently marking you as their territory. But you see this tiny, light brown puppy with big oversized paws and a couple of faint stripes across the fur, these pointy, fey-featured elements, more angular than a softer puppy should, and these eyes look up at you (panting). The somewhat portly half-elf greets you as you approach again. "All right, would you like "another drink?" "Oh, why wait, it's good to have a backup, right?" "All right, very well." "I'm sorry, what? The big blue tower over in the Quay?" "Yeah, I know of it, yeah. Why? Why do you ask?" "Yeah, it's got some weird sort of illusion magic to it. It's creepy." "Belongs to some mage. He's been here for a while; named Yussa." "A mystery to me, I don't fucking go and start climbing up towers to ask questions where "they don't belong." "That's, um--" "Same or--?" He goes and prepares-- looking at this, "Would you prefer a pitcher?" Thinking back, you had received these words, but not having a lot of experience with this type of spell contact before, you weren't sure if it was you imagining things or having a slight nervous breakdown. Everyone curls over. The chair falls over. It finds its way to the ground. There's a pause as everyone looks around. There's a continued pause as they all look around. Doing a pass across everybody in this room, with a discerning eye, especially with your Passive Insight, you get the sense that nobody here really knows this Algar figure. The Lavish Chateau. Orly is clapping with his giant, mitt-like, clawed tortle hands. "Not too bad!" (laughter) That's what you were told from the light keeper at the lighthouse. She said as far as she knew the entrances that she knows of are beneath the docks. Where the land falls off and meets the ocean and the docks are out there, it's somewhere underwater there. All right. You're not that far away, thankfully. You've been hanging around the Restless Wharf for a while, which is where the tavern was. Striking out towards the edge and looking across the docks, there's one large ship that came in and looks like a lot of stuff is being unloaded and is busy on that end. Not that far off of it, the next dock that shoots out and turns to the right, there looks like there's a couple of anchored ships there. It's a little less busy, looks like they're currently moored there and not a lot of folks are doing business on or around the ships, other than just keeping a watch on the docks themselves. Make a perception check. You don't see anything in the way of a ship shack right now. You do see a man. An older, grizzled fisherman of some kind, or at least a dock worker. He has this long cap on that dangles past his mid-shoulders, in a heavy dark gray cloth shirt that is drenched with sweat like he's been doing hard work throughout most of the day. You see him currently tying a small rowboat to the edge there and holding it in place. "Oh yeah, this here is my boat. What's your name, sir?" "Fjord. Jimmy." "Pleasure to meet you." "You much of a shipman yourself?" We'll say, because you have a sailor's background at this point, you guys converse back and forth a bit. You swap some stories with him about how he used to be a dockworker, and some of the ships he was on back in the day. Yeah, about five minutes of back and forth you get to the point where you're both laughing and feel comfy. Eventually he goes, "Don't even worry about the money, just, I'll keep an eye on "out here and don't take it too far out in the bay. When you're done, bring it back." "Least I could do." He goes ahead and helps untie the boat. You have it at your disposal. You can certainly try. Comfortably it can fit four people. Uncomfortably it could fit you all space-wise, you're uncertain as to the ship's ability to hold the load. Yeah. Yeah. It doesn't change his weight, but-- Yeah, volumetrically it wouldn't make that much of a difference for you. Fjord just disappears beneath the surface. She pointed a basic direction, but there was no visual guide to it. You come out, dripping, the water slowly pouring out from under your armor. "I've heard of that, but I don't really know much about that, sorry." "Good luck, though." Yeah. There's a handful of other people that are in the process of-- Largely on the other side where that bigger ship is that's being currently unloaded or loaded into-- you can't tell from this distance. Zolezzo. There are. You can see two zolezzo that are just patrolling the docks. Ten minutes. Make a general insight check to try and gauge which of them is the most insecure. That's not bad at all! All right. You look, and of the two that are there, one of them seems to be pretty preoccupied with the ships that are being loaded. And one of them appears to be half-present, probably in mid-daydream, yawning at his post, and looks younger than the other one. Between the two of them, he's probably the most insecure, if you had to decide. "I'm sorry, can I help you?" "I'm sorry, I am working at the moment--" You can see his eyes roll and he goes, "What can I do to help you, then?" He sighs heavily and reaches out and finally takes the hand. He goes, "Hello, I am Zolezzo Merpol." Make a persuasion check. 14? He goes, "Oh, that is a very specific curiosity." "Well, the Sluice Weave is a series of tunnels that were installed probably a century ago "that are responsible for-- They are ducts that guide water from the ocean to a series of small "engines in the city that help propel the furnaces that the various businesses and locations here "that require that sort of intense power to utilize. It's also--" "Well, not haunted, per se. But there are--" He goes, "Not haunted, but there are elements to it--" He's like (uncomfortable laugh). (laughter) (sheepishly) "I mean, there's been-- You know. About a year ago they had this one ship that "came into the-- There were these thieves-- And I happened to be on job at the moment and so-- yeah!" "I haven't been down in the Sluice area, there. The entrance, as far as I know, is mostly "hidden, the one inside the city." "Somewhere, I don't know." "Yeah, there's two or three, I think, that are right down off the side-- Here, come here." And he leads you over. (laughs) He leads you over across the dock for a bit. And he points down in the water and goes, "I think somewhere in this vicinity there is sort of the intake tube or pipe, where the ocean "water is brought in to the Sluice ducts." Make a perception check. Perception, yes. From this distance it's too hard to see beneath the water. It gets a little too murky. But he points in a general direction and you get a loose idea of where it may be. He's like, "So what are you up to while you're in the city?" (laughter) "Of course! Where are you staying?" "Oh, wow! That is a very expensive place." You can see the visible (pained grunt) to his chest. He's like, "Well, perhaps I'll-- If you "want other things to see around the city when I'm not on my post, I could maybe come by and give you "a little tour?" "Of course. What are you doing right now? I only have about 40 minutes until I get to switch "my shift, and then I'm off for the rest of the afternoon." He looks a bit flabbergasted. "See you later! What was it? What was the name? Tracy?" He sits there for a second and goes "Tracy--" Yeah, Merpol. (laughs) Merpol. Yeah, no. Different name. He thinks to himself, "Tracy." And continues the rest of his post along the dockside. So, what are you doing? Into a--? Ooh! As you guys all begin to gather into the boat, the two of you, I think you said you're staying off to the side? Jester and Fjord? Yeah, there's extra rope available. So you guys swim beneath as it continues off through the water. Okay. We'll find out. Roll a stealth check. Plus? Everyone but Fjord sees you. (laughter) You guys begin to row over in that direction. Who all is keeping an eye in the water? All right. Go ahead and make a perception check, please. Sure! So go ahead and take advantage on that, between you and Frumpkin. Okay. Glancing through the water, you watch as one of the sun rays definitely hits a clear patch of the ocean below you. And you see a brief glimmer of what looks to be a either metal or stone piece that is different from the rest of the natural, slightly eroded rock. You see a circle, maybe a four- or five-foot-wide opening that's about 40 feet down. All righty. Okay. So, there is a circular pipe entrance or a tunnel entrance 40 feet down, right as the water gets darker and more murky. Bits of clustered seaweed begin to come up and tickle the bottoms of Frumpkin's tentacles in that vicinity. Elements of it are blocking the front, but you can clearly see there is a dark tunnel that continues into the earth, beneath the city, beneath the docks. You don't know how far it goes, necessarily. Make a perception check. You do not see anything alive or moving in this vicinity. Best you can see, the tunnel continues in for about 15 or so feet, and there is a metal grate. You can see eight or so bars across. Actually, about ten bars, about an inch thick each, and they're horizontal, though it's a little bit tilted to one side. With eight of them and it's about four and a half, five feet across. Sorry, ten across. It would be about six inches between each. Yeah, your octopus could. All right. Oh, the bars? There isn't a lot of rust, as much as there is a lot of barnacles and other natural sediment that is gathered on edges of it. You can still see the metal. You can see a little bit of rust here and there. Looks like more natural elements seem to have crusted and clustered around parts of it. Okay. About-- Let's see here. About 60 or so feet into the tunnel, it curves upward. Yeah. All right. About 30 or so feet up, the water breaks. There's a surface, though there is no light. Does Frumpkin's octopus form have darkvision? Yes. Okay. So does Frumpkin-- Okay. Frumpkin floats there on top for a second, and you can see now where it emerges-- There is another set of bars right at the top of that tunnel, that Frumpkin has pushed and squeezed through to come through. So there's bars, like a grate, on the way in, and then a grate once you curve upward into the tunnel. Come through a second set, and then breaks the surface of the water about a foot beyond that. And now you can see, it is closed off mostly, except for a tunnel that continues deeper in the same direction that the lower tunnel went. And that one continues on for a bit. There is no air between the water and the grate. Yeah. It's all water up, and then there's the grate, and then it turns into this tunnel that continues inward, and there's about a foot of water beyond that, and then there's air from that point. Make an investigation check for Frumpkin. 14? You can still mutter the incantation underwater. Yeah, in the process of casting a spell, if you're holding your breath, that's your breath. That's the way to do it. Looking, there is no locking mechanism. The grate isn't one that opens and closes. it's not a door, it's just in place. Another investigation check. Perception check. 17? You see a number of fish swirling through the various bits of kelp and seaweed that are pushing up from the bottom of the bay below. It's beautiful. You can see the colors and glistening bits of silver as the fish curl through the sunlight, but nothing catches your attention as dangerous in your immediate vicinity, thankfully. Make a perception check. SAM and What did you roll? Okay. You look out and people seem to be working on the dock and, you know. Okay. So you're sending him further in? The tunnel goes on for about another 60 or so feet beyond that grate, before the tunnel opens up into a square-like chamber with a singular pillar that marks the center of it. It's still one foot of water all throughout this entire area. Once you go past this-- You can look past where this pillar is, the chamber seems to close off and another tunnel continues on, almost like this is just a waypoint chamber. On the right side, you see a much smaller grate maybe a foot and a half, two feet across, with a more dense cross-lattice of bars. Frumpkin's size? How big of an octopus is Frumpkin? An octopus, I'd say it would be about that big. But octopuses can squeeze through some pretty small spaces. Yeah, so I'd say make an athletics check for tiny octopus Frumpkin. Frumpkin gets partially through but the nature of the lattice and Frumpkin's unfamiliarity with the octopus form reaches a point where it can't quite get all the way through. Looks like basic stonework, it has a slight curvature to it but it's probably placed in here either as a load bearing piece since this is beneath a heavier city or-- It doesn't look remarkable or have any other purpose beyond just being a support pillar. The water only goes up to a foot, and then it's air for the rest of it. It's about ten or so feet tall, the chamber. Make a perception check? No guys, no better adventure then having all your friends sit back and send your tiny friend. Yeah, exactly! No, I know. So, 17? Looking around the water and it's salt water, it's all ocean water coming in here. Occasionally, you see slight waves, little ripples from different directions. Make an intelligence check. Yeah. It's probably a little over 100 feet beyond where you are now, though you are probably in the boat about 15 or 20 feet back. So it's about 125, 130 feet. Which you couldn't-- because it's 100 foot range for to-- To pull him back yeah. Okay, cool. So you are fine. Best you can tell over there it looks like some sort of warehouse. It's a larger storage building, it's not remarkable in its design or decor. The tentacles wrap over the shoulders and underneath. The puppy is in the boat like (panting, barks). The three of you dive down. Which one of you has the lead line? Who has the other end of it? Fjord has it. You guys all dive down, taking a breath, pushing through the seaweed until eventually you come to the base of where that tube is. A few feet into it, you see the grate, and it's about roughly four and a half, five-foot diameter so you have to crouch down, but you can get a hold on this. All right. One of you roll with advantage or you both roll independently. 20? Right, but 20 total? That's the DC you needed. Yeah, so you both are holding on and pulling. You get your foot in some of the imperfect stonework where elements of the masonry pokes out which gives you a foot groove and one part where some of the stone had been rotted away and that's just enough of a point to lock yourself in. As you pull, you feel (shifting) and eventually it comes out of its mooring on the wall and then slides off to the side. You rotate it a bit and it comes to rest in the middle of it. So you guys go ahead and come back onto it again. Well, you guys all have pretty high constitutions, so not really. It works out, just so you guys know, your constitution modifier is how many minutes you can hold your breath underwater. Actually, technically, it's one plus your constitution modifier, so it's even more. The rope you found here? It's probably 60 to 70 feet at most. All right, you do that. You guys all jump back in a second time? You dive back down below, pushing through the darker depths of the bay, eventually finding yourselves back to the tunnel where the grate has been shifted to the side. So now you have, at an angle underneath, you can swim over or under it. You guys pincer off of it, taking two different directions, and meeting on the opposite side. You go a few more lengths before the tunnel shifts upward. You both have darkvision, if I recall? Good, because there was no light source in the water, beyond just the distant glow and shifting of the sunlight through the water. You make your way back up, and you find the grate above you. This area, the footholds aren't as easy because it's not quite as close to the elements, so the DC's a little higher, but if you guys grab hold, you can go ahead and make a check. That with your modifier is a 23? 23, okay! You both hold on this time. You're having a hard time getting any sort of a foothold into the space. Jester, you angrily look down and taking your elbow, you jam a section of the stone until it breaks off and you find a section of-- Noticing this Yasha, you do the same and smash. You guys actually break a few footholds into the side of this tunnel. Once you're set into place, you look at each other, count to the right moment and pull! I mean, you've seen Jester do some cool stuff, but in that moment it's a Rosie Riveter-- Muscle moment-- as guns going, the metal bars bend slightly (metal creak). From underneath the water, you hear the echo and then it comes loose from the mooring and begins sinking down towards both of you. The heavy metal is now sandwiching you guys towards the bottom and you push off and manage to get it to rotate and you swim around it without having an issue. Yep. You guys make it to the surface (splash) (sharp inhale) and you're now inside the tunnel. It's strangely-- Okay, you guys watch as Fjord breaks the surface without the other two. All right. I would like you to make a wisdom saving throw, Nott, please. Your fear subside momentarily and you find yourself instinctually nodding as you know what, maybe trying it once and seeing how it goes is exactly what Caleb would want. (splash) Going under water, you hear the-- The diminishing squeak as it slowly vanishes beneath the surface. Caduceus and Caleb sitting up in the ship with a weasel and a puppy. So, as Beau swims-- now Beau, go ahead and make an athletics check for me because you are technically carrying two passengers. It's a little cocked. Yeah, that counts. No, if you can rest a d4 on it. Yeah. Strongly pushing through, using the grate to go ahead and pull yourself forward beneath the surface. You bring your goggles down so you can actually see where you're going once the light begins to subside. You still hear in the water above you (squeal). Oh, you don't even know. You know nothing about it. You're just like "I got this." Swing upward, break the surface. (inhale) Come up from the top and there you can see Yasha and Jester waiting for you, they are stepped up into the tube. You hear (coughing up water). You look down as this waterlogged weasel is now like coughing and sneezing. It's awake and conscious. You're just pushing on its chest. It's just sitting in the boat, looks over the edge "(whining)." Make a persuasion check. Actually this would be animal handling. Yeah. In your robes, there's a comfortable little cradle that you form there and then (puppy whining) (poof) and then appears into the small pocket in your arm. Perception check. Looking around, no one, in particular, seems to be paying much mind to what your business is. I will ask you to make an athletics check because you are swimming mostly with one arm and your legs, as you are cradling the puppy with the other. (exertion noises) You make your way, partway through the tunnel and under the grate. You get past that point, look up, you push off. You're tired, your lungs are starting to hurt from just the amount of effort it's taking to go this distance with one arm and your legs kicking. You've waded in the ponds near the graveyard-- You're not a practiced swimmer. Correct, the puppy though-- Not yet, no. Make another athletics check-- Okay! Yeah, you get down low to the bottom of it and push upward. Right at that moment, you see this little burst of bubble (poof) in your arm, just as you're about to break the surface. You look down, frightened, and he's not there and as you look up, break the surface (inhale) come up and you watch as (poof) in the air-- MARISHA AND You catch Nugget (panting). Just waterlogged, dripping. The weasel looks miserable. Sprinkle is just like (snarling) He curls up in there. You're all clustered up in this small tunnel. It's maybe eight feet across, and it's cylindrical in its shape. About a foot and a half of water, depending upon where you're standing in it, and it continues down, dark into the next chamber. Do you point out the grate to them? As you guys have moved through the tunnel, into the small chamber break in the tunnel path there with the pillar, Caleb points over to the grate, and you can see it's a pretty dense lattice of metal. Yeah, you can get your fingers in. There's enough space there to get your fingers in more. Each bar is about two inches apart from each other. Sure. Go ahead and make another strength check. The beast team here. (exertion noise) You get the sense-- first off, your fingers are sore and your arms are strained from the two previous exerts that you've given. And you've done impressive things, but you get the sense that this is probably-- because it's smaller, it's wedged into a little tighter in the small tunnel. The actual tunnel there is maybe about a foot across, a foot and a half across. Most of you would not even fit through it, but you're unable to get it to budge at all. Make a perception check. Looking around, it resembles a subterranean sewer, it's mostly just stone and masonry that's slick from the moisture. And the air itself is very humid down here. There is a lot of moisture that gathers across the stone, and there's streaks of color and minerals that have gathered on the walls over time. You still have the taste of the brine in your mouth from your time under the ocean, but the air in here is still also very ocean-like and salty. Make an investigation check.. Looking at it, there are certain markers and the levels that say that there have at times been different levels of water in here, but it doesn't seem often enough, like certain levels of minerals and sediment that you can see. But a lot of them seem older, and haven't been reached in a while. You're looking for writing? You don't see any writing. Make a perception check. Good to you in the past, but not tonight apparently. Yeah. Looking around you don't see any markings in the stonework, but as you go across the pillar in the center, looking for any sort of details, you hear this faint-- almost like the sound of a crashing wave and the rushing of water, and you glance around the edge, and in the corner you can see the water that previously was just moving from your breaking the surface moving through, has started to-- (fwoosh) almost like it's forming a small, occasional whirlpool, and then comes to rest for a moment and then-- No. Yeah. Okay. Frumpkin-- the tunnel? Okay, Frumpkin has appeared on the other side. While this is happening, you watch as the small whirlpool begins to gather up and rise above the surface in what is a roughly basketball-sized swirl of water. Like an inverse whirlpool. A second one begins to emerge from the water behind you. They're essentially looking at reverse whirlpools that are rising up out of the water, coming to a point as the water seems to be almost guiding itself. Okay. Roll for attack. Roll for an attack. Yep. Both of them hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Before she even says that, roll some damage. Because this is all happening very quickly. Quick, let me check one thing real fast. No, okay. So, good to know. So it was nine and-- Okay, got you. You watch as both enter the water, and it seems to react, pull back and a spray of water hits the wall behind it. You watch as it quivers and then suddenly you see these two large pseudopods of water somehow emerge from it, and you see for a moment this angry face (snarling) in the water towards you as both of them begin to rush in towards you in the center of the chamber. And we're going to start with rolling initiative when we return. So for our giveaway at the break, to remind you guys, we've had to make some changes. So you need to enter in the Critical Role Twitch chat, so if you need to jump over to twitch.tv/criticalrole to join the chat there to be part of this giveaway. It's only good for residents of the U.S. and Canada, excluding Quebec because of weird giveaway laws. But however, you do get the possibility of winning this fantastic purple heart dice tower system! Including the Osmet Coast cartography by Deven Rue. This is the one you had last campaign right? Fantastic Deven Rue's the artist. But yeah, so the word tonight is "ruby." R-U-B-Y. Only enter it once or you will be disqualified, but go ahead and jump over. We'll have a winner announced when we return here in a few minutes. So, see you guys here in a few minutes. [break] All right friends. So, last we left off. I need you all to roll initiative. All right, so 25 to 20.. All right, so it's Beau. Anyone else 25 to 20. 20 to 15? 18. There you go. 16. All right, 15 to ten? Nott, What did you get? And then taking up the rear. There we go. That's all right. So, first round of battle. Up first, you watch as these two emerging whirlpools begin to form into these amorphous angry spinning and intense-looking tiny water spouts with bashing pseudopods that swing out and attempt to make some sort of heavy impact with anybody who's nearby. They seem strangely sentient, as opposed to being some sort of manifested trap. However, with that first initial attack from Beau, that's the first surprise round, we'll be going into combat. At the top of it, it is Beau once again. So what are you doing? Are you running up to attack? All right. All right, so you go ahead and swing and-- 15 hits. All right, this is with your--? With your staff as well? Okay. You notice the first impacts of the shurikens that you had thrown seem to pass through the water with some impact, but not heavily. And the second staff hit that strikes seems to not be as impactful against the wood. Or maybe against the water form of this creature. Go for it. Nine misses. So with your bonus action, just swings wide. These things are small but nimble, and they keep-- their form seems to constantly be shifting and changing position. It's like fighting a miniature squall in the middle of it. So you're like "Ah!" No impact. That ends your turn? All righty, next up Jester. You're up. It is. There is no light source in here. So, Caleb starts hearing all these noises in his-- Oh, that's right! Because you do have dark vision. So yeah, right now guys-- Where do you want it to go? Actually, no. Firbolgs can't. So, Caduceus is the only one in pitch black. All right. here? You got it. Technically, you'd have to move to have line of sight on where it was dropped, so you'd have to shift. There you go. So, moving up next to Yasha, you watch as the spiritual weapon flash happens. 14 hits. (cheering) Nice. While the impacts of Beau's strikes with the staff and the shurikens weren't doing a whole lot it seemed, damaging but not anything as hardy as you were hoping, the Spiritual Weapon comes down and seems to cleave it in half. As it separates and reforms itself, you hear this splashing and swishing of water, it sounds almost like a lowered, angry growl. All right. Go ahead and roll. Oh, that's its roll. It's a-- Wisdom save. That is a natural four, so go for it. Damage? Good round. You watch as the impact of the cantrip strikes it, and the water seems to shake itself around for a moment, shifting as the sound vibrations are forcing it to coast in a strange design in its space. That ends your turn? All right. That brings us to Fjord. As you're pushing through, you're seeing certain things that are sunken in the water in the corners. Looks like bits of materials that have either washed in through the water, broken crates and bits of wood, things that gather in the edges. You push past them with your feet as you make it there. The one that appeared behind the rest? Go for it. 13? Just hits. 12 misses. So, roll damage on the first strike. Five points of damage. The Eldritch Blast hits it, and you watch as it creates this circle in the center of its elemental form as it impacts and actually strikes the stone behind with whatever residual energy from the original impact. The hole forms up. It took damage. It didn't seem to be as resistant as it had to previous blows. Magic seems to cut through whatever defense it has. That ends Fjord's. It's now their turn. This one, who currently is engaged directly with you, is going to wisp around into the water and emerge on the other side of Beau and is going to go ahead and attempt to Whirlpool Strike you. I need you to make a strength saving throw, please. As it emerges, you feel the water beneath you begin to whip into a torrent, and you are swept off of your feet and knocked prone and are considered currently restrained as it moves into your space. It's now currently swirling around you, and you're having a hard time moving. It's now forcing water into your mouth. You can't breathe in the moment. You are whelmed by the elemental. So that ends its turn. The one over here is going to go ahead, because it's closest to Caduceus, it's just going to shift up into your space, get in contact with both you and Caleb, and it's going to attempt to whelm you, as well. I need you to go ahead-- it can only target one person-- but I need you to make a strength saving throw for me, Caduceus. 17? That's a success! You feel the same water swirling around your legs, and you manage to pull back and wrench your legs free as the torrent comes to a slow crawl once more, and the creature's form emerges. You can see the water now forming these two large sledgehammer-like fists that hang at its somewhat four, four-and-a-half-foot tall torso. That's going to end both of their turns. Caduceus, you're up. Not very well. As soon as you can see an enemy, you will release your Sacred Flame. Okay, so you can hear it and the focus of this swirling, splashing sound. All right, so Caduceus side-steps. Caleb, you're up. All right, so you move this way? Okay, it's going to go ahead and take a swipe at you with a slam attack. That is a 22 to hit. You suffer-- oh wow. That is 12 points of bludgeoning damage. You get slammed in the lower back, the hip area, and almost spin from the blow of it, but continue to stumble forward over to the position you wanted to be. All right. Still restrained. Correct. All right. So, that is about as far as you can get right there because Fjord is currently in the far corner. And I'm marking you with concentration just so I can keep tabs on that. All right, so that ends Caleb's go. Nott, you're up. Go for it. That hits. Mhmm. All right, 17 points of damage on him, nice. Because it is magical, it bypasses the defenses. You watch as the bolt hits and there's a spark as it impacts, and for a second, it seems to almost lose its corporeal form then flickers back in. The bolt sinks down into the water below, beneath the knee-level of the liquid that seems to consume the entire chamber. Which as a note guys, those who have been moving around, I should mention it. I've been keeping tabs under my own right. Moving through this is considered difficult terrain because you are about knee- to thigh-high in water, and you're having to basically wade through as you go. Except for Nott, who's standing above it. Technically, the Mariner's Armor would give you a swim speed. So you can move through it at your regular speed. So you don't have to worry about it. That is correct. Here? You'll probably have to move a little farther back to break sight from one of these enemies, but go ahead. Okay. Okay, good to know. Gotcha. Yeah, that's just an action. You're not quite-- No, you would've had to have been to go through, if you weren't affected by a Suggestion spell. You're on the verge. Like, you're tipsy. But you're not drunk. All right, that finishes your go? Yasha, you're up. You've seen Beau suddenly grown to a larger size but still being swarmed by the water of this elemental form. All righty. You can try. You can certainly try. So, you move up adjacent to Beau and the one creature, and what are you going to do? Are you going to attempt and pull her out? Okay, so you use your action. I need you to go ahead and make a strength check. You have advantage because you are raging. Eight. You go and grab and try to pull her, but, unfortunately, the water and sediment in here has given a slick surface to the floor. As you pull, your feet keep skidding across the floor. You can't get any sort of purchase, and you can't pull her out, unfortunately. Yeah, you rolled... Was that not with advantage? Roll again! Okay, hold on. You've been rolling the wrong number of dice? Oh, well. Good to know. (laughter) So Beau, you are still in this space, a little bit-- You're still in the space of the creature, but you've managed to be pulled free from it. So, you're still prone, but you are not currently whelmed by it. All right, that ends Yasha's go, unless you want to move? You pull your sword out of the wall and get ready for the next round of combat. This brings us to the top of the round. Beau, you're up! Jester, you're next. Yeah, yeah! Make-- Yeah, you can. Which, as you do, it's a spray and spin windmill of water in the air around it. Go ahead and make your attacks. Both hit. Nine points of damage to it from the spinning kick landing on the ground. You are now just barely mid-calf in water, but it's also about ten feet tall in here, so you're having to hunch a little bit. Your head actually hits the ceiling a bit. You're like (groaning). Okay. I don't think you can spend a ki point to do that. It's just an ability you get to use. Yes. Immunities? Vulnerabilities, okay. Its constitution saving throw is a plus three. It's not technically a vulnerability, but you do see that if it takes cold damage, it partially freezes, which reduces its speed. Okay, so the first one does hit, second one misses. Ten damage. Very good. So with that, as you're standing there, you go ahead and swing one fist down and it strikes right at the center of it, and you watch as it separates for a second. As it reforms, you go for another strike, and this time it manages to duck just out of the way, seeing the precursor of that strike, and it dodges entirely. That finishes your turn? All right. That brings us to Jester. All right. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Go for it. I'll allow it. So you roll an attack roll, so a spell attack roll, ranged spell attack roll. That's cocked, yeah. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage for your Guiding Bolt. 15 points of radiant damage to it. In the middle of this darkness there's this flash of light and this streaking beam of radiant energy that strikes and blasts into the elemental. Caduceus, in that one moment, your eyes suddenly focus in on the glowing form, almost in slow motion as this elemental is slowly bursting from the radiant energy, and you see that moment. All right, so that's a wisdom saving throw? Dex saving throw. That is a 14, it fails. All right, it'll take the damage on that one. They're both looking a little hurt and a little aggressive. They're now starting to get a little frenzied. That ends your turn, Jester? Actually-- yes, because that wasn't an attack roll. Fjord, you're up. Okay. Yeah, she used Guiding Bolt. There you go. Correct. So 2d8-- Four. So eight, plus whatever the modifier is. Or it's just 2d8, right? Booming Blade is still an attack. Eight points of damage. (impact noise) It is currently encircled by the booming energy. All righty. That ends your turn, Fjord? All righty. It's now their turn. So this one here, now low on health and a bit frenzied, is going to go ahead and take two strikes at the enlarged Beauregard that has been its issue at this time. That's going to be a 21 to hit and a 22 to hit. 15 and 16 naturally. Oh my god, Sam. It's 18 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Beauregard. For its being so small, the short bursts of impact, it seems that in its harrowed state it's lashing out with all that it can. The other one is going to go ahead and attempt to make a strike at Fjord and a strike at Caduceus. The one against Fjord is a natural one. It goes to swing out towards you and you hold the blade up and you watch as it actually splits its extruding watery arm across the blade. It divides, then splashes into-- Yeah. Falls harmlessly onto the ground and it has to reform a new pseudopod. The other arm swings back towards Caduceus. That's going to be a 13 to hit. You pull up your shield and deflect it off to the side. No major issue there. That finishes their go-- actually no. This guy's going to go ahead and move, this one's going to go ahead and shift over towards-- Jester is becoming a problem. Caduceus, you do have an attack of opportunity if you want to take one. Correct, yes. Correct. SAM, LIAM, and No worry there, then. That does not hit. That brings us to Caduceus's turn, you're up. You're still blind. You should. It's a barrel. You played Diablo, you know how this works. Ting! You got it. Finishing Caduceus's turn, Caleb, you're up. All righty. He's a very prominent sorcerer, or wizard. 23 does hit. Nine points of acid damage to it. As the acid arrow strikes and impacts on its form, there's this splash of acidic liquid that actually should-- I believe Beau also has to make? Yeah, it does take lesser damage from the acid, but it didn't have a lot of hit points left. So the impact is lessened. However, let me double-check here for the acid arrow. No sorry, that's older systems. Yeah, no. That doesn't matter. Older systems would do splash acid damage, but not in this one. So yeah, you manage to pull out of the way as it falls back and dissolves amongst the rest of it, a little bit of sea foam left behind in its wake. All right. Finishing Caleb's turn, Nott, you're up. It is engaged with Jester, yes. 17? As that one impacts, you see it reaching out with both of its fists towards Jester. As it strikes her, its midsection just turns into bits of foam and sea water as it splashes against her armor and shield. As you glance around, keeping an eye out, make an investigation check. Feeling through the floor and finding your space in here, you do not find any grates or any other exits beyond the tunnel ahead of you, the tunnel you came from, and the small grate on the side. But it's high enough where the water doesn't actually meet that level yet. But you do see the trailing signs of runoff and various bits of minerals that have gathered and dripped out over time to cause some discoloration to the stone. Okay. As Frumpkin pulls his way through the tunnel, slowly the tentacles unfurling and dragging him forward through this slick, somewhat slimy algae grooved tube. It goes on for about a good 150 feet before it meets another grate. All right, so you can't watch at this distance? Oh, you can view, but you cannot give actions. So Frumpkin comes to this next grate. Go ahead and make a strength check for Frumpkin. It's a three. Frumpkin is unable to push past that secondary grate and fighting with it for a bit, returns to you within range to communicate and tells you there's no further to that tunnel. The one that had to be there? Go ahead and make a perception check. It's a lot of water ahead. And some walls. Oh, on the smaller one, you mean? Make a nature check. It breaks fairly easy. The wood is very soaked and warped. And as your foot breaks through it, it's now up to the knee inside of the barrel. Doesn't shatter, you're now stuck with your leg partially in a barrel. Make an investigation check. You eventually pull your foot out of the barrel and look inside. In it, the smell in there is of deep briny ocean and possibly something that long rotted and has since given this faint scent of earth and decay. You feel your way around the exterior of the column. Glancing around, you don't see any particular signs of there being anything different, beyond the construction of the rest of the chamber. Nothing hidden, no language or discerning characteristics. Correct. There's no grate, it's just another continuation of the tunnel. The same size of the one that you entered this chamber from. Yeah. All right. So what's the marching order? We have Fjord in front, we have Yasha behind that. All right, Frumpkin goes on ahead. Caduceus, and Jester. Nott's in the back with Caleb, all righty. That's right. Little Beau is right there. So Caleb's in the very back. Who's next, Nott, or? Okay. Okay. So as you're making your way through the water, this puppy is trying to dog paddle from the foot and a half of water "(whimpering)." Roll an animal handling check. You're starting to get this connection between you. Blinks into your arm and you grasp it, now soaked in water. It begins licking up your chin and getting excited. The two waterlogged pets right now are flanking her throat. What could possibly go wrong? You didn't have to buy it. Moving forward. Make a perception check for Frumpkin. In the octopus form. Moving on ahead for about another 80 to 100 feet down this long tunnel, it opens up into another chamber that's larger than the one you were previously in. It seems to curve open slightly for about ten or so feet, and then opens even wider. It's a large cube-shaped chamber, the same water level, resting at about a foot, foot and a half up. You see three grates that are similar in size to the ones that blocked your entryway. There's one on the right, one on the left, and then one on the far end across from you where the chamber seems to end. However, there are two platforms that are raised up about ten feet above, with a very small railing and two pathways that vanish further in. There's a raised two watch points that protrude out and look over the smaller part of this chamber. Like balconies that protrude from the far wall to overlook the interior of this chamber. They push out about ten feet from the wall before they come to an end. So they're more of a-- Yeah, they're not beautifully designed, per se. They're made of the same stonework, but they look to be positions to supervise the interior of the chamber. Correct. There is a very faint, dull, teal-green glow underneath the water in the far center of the chamber. There is also a faint mist that drifts over the surface of the chamber in here. Currently no movement, no creatures. It's similar, about a foot and a half or so. Yeah. Moving up to the very edge of it, you can see the interior of this chamber and the display that Caleb had described. Caduceus, as you guys are stepping up, you hear this faint echoing sound emerging from the upper left hallway. You see a very faint bit of light coming, and you hear talking. No, this is Caduceus. Roll some stealth checks. All right, everyone make stealth checks, please. You all quietly get low into the water and off to the sides of the entrance to best stay out of range of the light source. You guys feel pretty confident that you are, for the most part, out of range of anyone who isn't fairly perceptive. You can see the faint dull glow from the center far end of the chamber. Now that you're closer and can see, there are two similar pillars in the center of the room. The last room you were in, they were just load-bearing center bits. There are some small elements of almost walkways or little bits of stone that emerge from the far wall, and the corners that either rubble has built up or it's been intentionally built as some sort of platform there. That's off the water. At this point, you see the light emerge from that side and you hear the voice say, "The "complaints are driving me up the wall. Zsundie is going to get an earful if he's slacking on those "engines." LIAM, SAM, AND At this point you watch on the left side, the upper area, holding a lantern, Algar emerges. Looks over the platform there, flanked by a worker of these tunnels who's wearing a simple leather frock with gloves, and is listening to him and walking up beside. His two dwarven bodyguards are beside the two of them as they approach and look over the side. He looks over the edge, the small railing, and looks into the water and goes, "Oh, he's sleeping." Holds up his left arm and begins this, "Zsundie! Stand to attention, you frustrating water spout!" The glow begins to pulse and the water bows a bit above. I'm going to whisper something to you. As the water bows up, you see it burst like a bubble, and there, emerging from that space below where it was, you see something that looks like an impressively large aquatic humanoid, their chest and torso rather rotund, their skin a blue-green color, long thin arms that end in somewhat webbed, clawed fingers. Their face somewhat fish-like, with a wide mouth and small fins that crest the head. The lower half of its body seems obscured by rushing water at first, but then as it comes to its full stance at about seven, eight foot tall, you notice that the lower half of its body is just water. It's a constant swirling whirlwind, similar to the creatures you were fighting in the previous chamber. That dull glow seems to emanate from most of its torso in this darkened chamber, and it gives this faint light source by its very presence. It has a small vest on, and sets of jewelry, including this thick metal band that hangs like a presentory necklace around its throat. It turns and looks up and says, "At your service." It seems to say with an undertone of exasperation and eyeroll. Algar screams out to it again. "The "Archway craftsman are complaining of cold furnaces and slow bellows. Please ensure enough water is "being spun through the engines into the district." He snaps his fingers really tightly on his left hand. With a low grunt of brimming hatred, the creature raises its arms and a large stationary wave of water rises from the depths beside it. The liquid seems to form once more and there's a slight sparkle of energy around its hands, and this second bowing forms into a large curved wave that seems to be perpetually crashing and then filling itself, similar to the creatures you just fought, but a much larger scale. It whips into its full form and where the head would be bends and shifts-- almost elements out of the movie The Abyss-- as it turns toward this figure being referred to as Zsundie. It spins around and looks up towards the supervisor and his troupe. "Thy will "is my bond." The two of them begin to turn and shift towards the left hand grate in the chamber. I'd say roughly 80 or so feet. At this point, Zsundie comes to a stop and looks over his shoulder in your direction and goes, "Oh. Intruders." Algar shouts off, "What? How?" and holds up his lantern and focuses the beam over across the way there. You guys, even though you're up against the wall, there's nothing to hide behind. The light pushes past a few of you and then stops. He shouts off, "Dispatch them quickly!" Algar shouts it off to Zsundie down below. Let's roll initiative. You will see in a second. Excuse me for a moment of preparation here. This is the difficulty of doing this. I didn't know if you were. This is the difficulty of doing this in here. I know, that's all right. We will fix this, guys. And with that, guys-- I'd like you guys to place yourselves, if you can, where you would be on this side of the chamber as you enter. There is Zsundie. And there is the large elemental where you had seen him. The worker has run past and vanished into the chamber before, and there on the top, looking over the terrace, the dwarven bodyguards right there. And that's Algar right there. Yeah, he's the tall one right there. For that right there? To Algar, from you? Somewhere in the neighborhood of 60 to 70 feet. You're not entirely sure. Yeah, roll for initiative, guys. This isn't working, but that's fine. Yeah. Oh well. Oh well. It's fine. Wonders of live. Well, for the time being, we'll just take this aside. Save it for another day. I don't have time to troubleshoot right now and tonight's been moving quickly. It's not misting-- It's all good. So, top of the line. We have here, initiatives 25 to 20? SAM and Oh, wow! Okay, got you. All right. 20 to 15? MARISHA and So-- There's a faint glow from there, but there is not a technical light source beyond the lantern here. So this area is torchlight. And then dim light in that area. So you can see most of the chamber in dim light. The closer you get to Algar, the better vision you have. So we have-- We're missing-- What is Caleb and-- All right. All right. Jester? Top of the round Nott, you're up. Yeah, you're up first. It looks like you may be. You might be just out of range for 30 feet. You can move a little closer if you want. There? Okay. What are you holding? Are you holding an attack? All right. That ends your go. Beau, you're up next. Yes. That is Algar. The two dwarves are his-- Sure, what do you want to do? Sure. You go ahead and you cast Mage Hand. Now they think that I normally do this. I don't think that's how it's supposed to work. I did it. I did a thing. Thank you guys. Move it forward for me. Thank you. That'll do. I did a thing! (cheering) Thank you, guys. Now you get to fight it. LAURA and The little things, really. All right. So-- Turn that down just a little bit, there. So, guys-- It was worth it for me. It was worth it. Thank you for being patient on that one. Beau, what are you doing? Okay, go for it. Make an acrobatics check. If you want to try. With disadvantage, because they're slick, moist walls. I'll allow you to make it as far as here without using any movement. Go for it. Yeah, that's good. Let's say from there-- It's a lot of movement, but it's also running off of walls that don't really-- To land off of it you're going to have to land this way. I'm thinking trajectory-wise. Make a secondary acrobatics check because you're now running off of two different walls. With disadvantage, yeah. Because they're slick. Yeah, that'll put you at there with ten more feet of movement. Five, ten? No, because you'd finish your space-- because you're in the water at that point and it's considered-- No, because you'd be occupying the same space as Nott. You can see Algar, barely. He has three-quarters cover. There you go. This is to Algar? Both of them? All right. With three-quarters cover, that's going to be a plus five to AC, so his AC is technically-- what were the two rolls? The first one hits. All right. Actually, yeah-- they don't have a moment to react. Cool, so that ends your turn? You throw both. One ricochets off, the other one (grunt), Algar looks, "What the hell? Get them!" That ends Beau's turn. It is now the water elemental's turn. Vanishes beneath the water. Emerges right there. Yeah, next to Beau. It's going to take two slam attacks against Beau. That's going to be a nine to hit. That's going to be a 17 to hit. Both large, giant slam fist towards hitting the water, causing these giant splashes, but no impact on you. That finishes its turn, that brings us now to Zsundie's turn. Zsundie is going to go ahead and angle over this-- actually, he's going to angle right where it is. You watch as it brings its hand forward and there's this tiny little spiral of dull, greenish energy that turns into a jet of really fast-powered water that shoots out in a 60-foot line. Yasha, Caduceus, and Caleb, I need you all to make dexterity saving throws, please. Just in that line. Yes. You're not raging yet, no. That will be 24 points of bludgeoning damage. You take half that, so you take 12, but that's 24 to Caduceus and 24 to Yasha. You're both pushed 20 feet away and knocked prone. Yes. Caleb gets pushed back to there-- Actually, no, you are not pushed, Caleb. Yep, which means they all slam into you. You actually hold that position-- I'll say for the purposes of the narrative here, you do get knocked prone from their impact. Yeah. You all don't get shot out of the room, but all three of you are knocked prone on the ground, Caleb taking the brunt of two of his larger teammates-- With that, he's going to shift over into this direction. That's going to finish his turn. Caduceus, you're up. SAM and Zsundie. Zsundie. (counting) Unfortunately, that's as far as you can get is right up against Yasha. You don't know, you have to eyeball it. It's a little dicey. Yeah, because you used half your movement to get up from prone. You're moving through the water. Fjord, you're up next, by the way. All right. The beetles are swimming on the surface. Oh yeah. They're coasting over. So right there? Okay, over there, it's harrying it, so-- You can roll their attack if you want to. Oh. It's a-- It's okay. We'll get that fixed in the app. It's plus three to hit, so go ahead and roll an attack to hit. That does not hit unfortunately. But you now have a swarm of beetles now here in this dark underground area-- Okay. Okay. That finishes your go. Fjord, you're up. Sure. Yeah. Because you don't have to worry about that. So you can go (counting) 30 is as far as you can get. It will get an attack of opportunity on you as you move. So as you rush by-- (whoof)-- reaches out with a heavy-- That's a natural 20. Oh, because you have a reaction that can do that! That's right! You can. It's an ability of the Grave cleric. So that's just a regular attack there. So that's going to be-- Zsundi, Zsundi, 13 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Fjord, on the back of your shoulder as you lunge forward but you make it to your space. It still hits as a natural 20, but it's just not a critical hit. That would have been a little harsher. So what are you doing? You're up next, Yasha. It looks like it's pretty close, you'd have to give it a shot. Oh, it's a bonus action. Yeah. (counting) 30. With the height that gets you right there. That just hits. That was with your staff or with your fist? All right. It's also halved. Well, now you know. You're reminded--oh. It seems to resist non-magical impacts. No, so yeah, that would have been an attack. It takes six damage, and the vulnerability goes away. So, it does full damage. Yeah, but tactically you'll figure it out in the future. That's okay. Now you know. That brings us to Fjord's turn. All righty. Yeah, that'll do it. All right. So. Technically you didn't even have to use your bonus action to Misty Step there. No, when you-- using the action you teleport yourself to an unoccupied space you can see within range and immediately after you disappear-- actually no, the boom happens when you teleport. No, you're right. You did it right. So, where do you want to land? You watch as Fjord teleports, speaks for a second, and then where he vanishes, there's this blast of thunderous energy. The moisture in the air is evaporated from the impact, causing this faint misty orb-like power-- like that! Thank you, Taliesin! Constitution saving throw to each of them, so go ahead and roll damage on that one. Got you. That's cocked. That's a failure on one of the guards. So total 15 you said? 19 points of damage. Failure on both guards. Algar does succeed though, he rolled a 16. He takes half damage? They are pushed-- oh no, they just take damage. Impact hits, they almost slide off the side and catch the railing and barely pull themselves back into the space. All right then, is that your turn? That was nice. Finishing Fjord's turn, Yasha, you're up. You are prone, yes, so you use half your movement to stand up. What's your movement? 40, right? (counting) Yeah, you can get there because of your barbarian speed. Go for it. 17 hits, go ahead and roll damage. All righty. That was the first attack. You do that with your--? You have an extra attack; you can do two strikes. It's okay. Seven does not hit, no. You swing twice. First strike hits, second one swings wide as it dodges out of the way. It seems like when the first hit its head area, where its head would be splits in two, one's still focused on Beau and the other one curves around to look at you for a second. You see this dull glow where its sentient eyes would be and is now focused on each of you. Does that end your turn, Yasha? All right. That brings us to Algar. Algar, having this happen, goes, "Shit! Protect me!" Pulls out a potion and drinks it real fast. Heals up a bit. She threw a shuriken at him. He's going to move up into this chamber a bit here. That's going to end his turn. He doesn't want to get too far away from his bodyguards. That brings us to Caleb. There you do, yes. Go ahead and roll some damage. What's your spell DC? 16, okay. Failure on the first one. Failure on the first bodyguard. Success on the second one. Okay, Algar does succeed. Thank god. However, this blast of fire rocks the interior of the chamber. You watch as both of the bodyguards (grunting and panting) look up at themselves. You can see their skin is burned, in areas it's cracked a little bit, and they look over towards Algar, look out towards you, and you see him defensively moving back towards his position. All right, that ends Caleb's go. Jester, you're up. From there? (counting) Yes, you can. All righty, where do you want it to go? Here? (counting) Yeah, then you can do that there. Heart eyes, motherfucker. Ooh, a jagged lollipop. Go for it. Large fries, motherfucker. Go ahead and roll some damage on that one. TALIESIN and You don't actually see him, so you're hoping it hits across the wall. Technically, I should have given you disadvantage because you can't see the target, but it's fine, I'll let it go through. There you go. You hear (groan) across the wall. You have no idea to what effect it was, but you hit something. Probably Algar. End your turn? All right, top of the round. Nott, you're up. Actually, no, the dwarves have to go still. The bodyguards rush over, getting into the space that that's there, pushing past to the-- heads this way. This one is going to move back and you don't know what this one does because he's moved from your visual range, but this one, as it pulls back, it has a large heavy crossbow, and it's going to go ahead and take a shot at you, Jester, from back here. Actually, let's see. No, he's going to shoot at Caduceus because Caduceus is already wounded and wants to try and take down those who are already hit. That's going to be, against Caduceus-- it's going to be a 21 to hit? All right. You take nine points of piercing damage. That's all the damage you take, and then it moves back and hides in this space here. That's going to go ahead and end that go. Now, it is top of the round. Nott, you're up. Let's have a look here. The hand can move 30 feet each time you use it, so it can move and do something. It's right there, yeah. All right. Go ahead and roll an arcana check. Yep. It's less of a necklace and more of a large metallic band that is around the neck like a collar. The hand reaches and grasps towards it and pulls, but it's locked in place. There's no trick to removing it that the hand seems to be able to deal with, but it's a good thought. It does not have reach with its slam, so no. All right, go for it. 17 hits, go ahead and roll damage. Nice! 23 points of damage, well done. All right, that finishes your turn. That brings us to Beau. Step of the Wind lets you move as a bonus action, right? Oh, that's what it means, gotcha. So yeah you can disengage. You use a ki point, your bonus action to disengage. Correct. Up to you. What're you doing, Beau? All right. So it's going to swing towards you. That is going to be an 18 to hit. Whoosh, just past you. Okay, it's still your movement. So if you're wanting to leap off and parkour? All right, so we'll say that's about 20 feet to get there. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. This is still disadvantage because it's slick. Natural one. So-- So you land, and slip right into the ground, the water splashes, you're underwater for a second. You use the rest of your Step of the Wind extra dash movement to get up from prone. That's your bonus action.You still have your action and movement. All right. (counting) I'll say if you wanted to try and vertical leap from here, go ahead and make an athletics check to see if, given the circumstances of the turn, you can make it. 22? I'll allow you to just get the final distance on the edge and have to correct yourself and then catch it on the ledge. But that's the end of your movement there. Towards? You can barely see Algar just around the corner. Three-quarters cover. And then there's the protector who looks fairly hurt. I mean they all look pretty hurt, the Fireball wrecked their world a little bit. No. No, unfortunately none of those hit. So they ricochet off the stone walls. And your foot is still slick from having to balance on the edge and when you throw them both you have to compensate and they both go wide. But good try. No, that's it. That's your action, bonus action, and your movement. So, the elemental is going to whelm into Caduceus and Yasha's spaces. And it's going to make-- It's going to make a whelm ability. So each creature in its space, I need you both to make strength saving throws. You have advantage because you're raging. That's a failure. 18? That's a success. So, you are grappled. Until it ends, you are considered restrained, you are unable to breathe, and yeah, that's it, currently. So you're restrained, grappled, unable to breathe. You are pushed out of its space, Yasha, so you are shoved out at a corner there. You manage to free yourself, but Caduceus you now see is swimming in this creature as it's spinning around, it's swirling like a giant water spout in the center of the chamber. And this guy here is going to go ahead and move out into this space, and knowing what it summons it's going to go ahead and pull another water jet. This one is going to go ahead and shoot through what it thinks is you, passes through nothing, but it's going to go for Caduceus and Caleb as well. So this guy will move right up there. (counting) Yeah, it hits you. So I need you both to make dexterity saving throws. The water elemental has to as well. And fails. So that's 25 points of damage. You can't retract-- All right, so that's 25 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Caleb. You're unconscious, but you're not making death saves, you're stabilized. Yeah, you are. No, he's face down. I mean-- Well, you can still drown with it on, but what's your constitution modifier? Yeah, you have like three minutes before you drown, sitting there. So you're okay for now. We'll say, for just the purposes of like, you're not sucking air in necessarily. Nah, yeah, you've convinced me out of it. We'll get to it. No that's right, we'll go to constitution saving throws on your turn. All right, so, finishing that. Noticing that that is an illusion and seeing you across the wall-- No, it's not. So it turns away and goes underneath here and glances up towards Beau. You see as it glides across the water at rapid speed. It seems to travel very quickly through any sort of water surface and can jump quite a bit. That brings us to Caduceus's turn. At the top of your turn, because you are still whelmed, I need you to make a death saving throw because you immediately take damage as you're caught in the spiral of its whelm. So you would take 2d8 plus four bludgeoning damage, but you just instantaneously lose a death save. And it's the end of your turn, I need you to make another death saving throw. That's a success. No, it's only when you're using hit dice during a short rest. Fjord, you're up. What are you doing? Okay, so you can see the hallway behind here that continues back. All right, so for that we'll say, I finally get to use these. He's used the ability before, yeah. And what do they have to make, saving wise? Go ahead and roll damage. Seven points? All right, that's a natural 20 for the first bodyguard, so it takes three points, right? All right. The other bodyguard. That's a natural 18. And then for Algar, that is a 14, so he takes seven points of damage. He goes unconscious. Not that you know that. All right, does that end your turn, Fjord? Okay, step out to the point? You got it. All right, that brings us to Yasha's turn. Caduceus is being swirled around on the inside, his unconscious body just being kept with the current. So you're timing it for a moment and go for a swing. The beetles, they just have their attack increment. They don't have the full action spectrum. No, it's just a straight roll. So the first attack was what? Oh, it was cocked? Okay. 19 hits. So go ahead and roll damage for that one. 18 points of damage on the first strike. You carve through, you watch as a big piece of it splashes away. It's looking hurt. It's not heavy, but you're starting to see some wear and tear on the creature. You make your second attack? No, it looks like he's still held in there. No, you don't have a means for getting advantage. Remember, you have your reckless strikes. Is that what you wanted to do? All right. Usually you say that at the top of the turn but it's been a while so you can do that. It's all good, it's all good. 24 hits, yeah. Go ahead and roll damage. 15. With the second carve carving through, you are now cutting away almost like it's a gelatin dessert and you're seeing the pieces sloughing off of it. It reforms back slowly but it's starting to sputter and bits of it are having a hard time keeping itself as a full form. You can see foam gathering at the edges of it. That finishes your turn? Are you going to move? That's right, the beetles would have probably clambered back into the staff when you fell unconscious. Sorry buddy. You're going to back up? It will, yeah. So you just continue engaged and holding it in that moment. Okay, that ends Yasha's turn. Algar is going to make a death saving throw. That's a failure. All right, Caleb, your turn. No, make a constitution saving throw. That is a six? We're going to go ahead and... say that you are in the beginning stages of drowning. So you can survive a number of rounds equal to your constitution modifier. Two rounds, yeah. So you have two more rounds before you drown. Nope. No, yeah, at the-- if you run out of breath or are choking you survive the number of rounds equal to your constitution modifier. At the start of your next turn, you drop to zero hit points and are dying. It gets a little weird. It gets a little weird here. Because you're stabilized. You're stabilized by the necklace. Kind of. It gets a little weird. It is, yeah. We'll say-- Kind of. So yeah, you're stabilized. And you're fine. Physically. We'll see where it goes. We'll see where it goes in two rounds. All right. That ends Caleb's turn. Jester, you're up. All righty. Go for it. Well, Cure Wounds is still an action, so you can't do both in one round, unfortunately. Spiritual Weapon is still somewhere in those tentacles but you can't see where that is. Make an attack with disadvantage. We'll say that probably happens there. Oh, got you. It unfortunately does not hit anybody because of the-- the one that it strikes has a higher armor class than 15 but-- Well no, he's at two death saves. Yeah. That's a melee attack that does that. Okay. That ends Jester's turn? Yeah. Okay. Going past to get there, the water elemental gets an attack of opportunity on you. He does. Well, now you know. That's going to be a 17 to hit? He doesn't hit you? (clanging) You shrug it off from your armor and shield. LIAM and That's your full movement there. All right, does that end your turn? That brings us to the compatriots here. At the top of their turn they take how much damage? 2d6? Go ahead and roll 2d6. For both of the dwarven bodyguards. You can use your reaction to, you can, yeah. Well, no, if it didn't hit you I don't think. Does it say an attack or a hit? I believe it has to be a hit, doesn't it? When you're damaged? SAM and Gotcha. So those left standing-- Just barely. Full damage. Oh, dex save every turn? A success and a fail-- no, both successes actually. Both rolled really high that round. All right, so two damage to each, actually. All right, and they can't see anything. They both haven't moved since the last thing happened, so one reaches down and you hear some rummaging. He gets dragged-- Yeah. Yeah, no, he can't drag him out of there. It's not enough movement for him to get in so-- Other one's just going to move into this space here. You hear some more rummaging. You hear a, "(grunts) What the fuck?" That's it. Sounds like Algar's voice. His bodyguards are prepped with a few things. Nott, your turn. Yeah! All right. He's currently facedown, floating in the water. So five-- 30? There you'll run back in the water. No you're a little further away. That'll get you there. You can probably get him. It's 30 feet from you there. Mage Hand was here last. Okay. Okay, I'll let that happen. Sure, I'll let you do that. You watch as his unconscious body goes-- (laughter) You do not break any teeth. Damn it, I was hoping-- having a crystal vial jammed with that speed into your mouth there was a good chance you were going to lose a tooth or two. So go ahead and roll heal for Caleb. Was it a basic healing potion? 2d4 plus two. Heal seven hit points, there you go. That ends Nott's turn. Beau, you're up. There's just a black sphere and occasionally you see this dark, strange, grayish, slime-covered tentacles that whip out and back into the-- Move away from him right there you mean? Okay, got you. Okay. Got you. Finishes your turn? Beau's holding that. Top of the round is the water elemental. It's going to go ahead and move over-- It's still carrying Caduceus along. You get to go ahead and make an attack of opportunity to see if it shifts. Because you have the Sentinel feat. Ten does not hit. Goes wide unfortunately. Does reckless last until the end of your turn or until-- Yeah, but it's out of her turn; this is a reaction. Let me double check real fast. During this turn, it doesn't work towards reactions unfortunately, so swings wide. It's going to go ahead and move in. Let's see if it means-- yeah, it gets its Whelm back. It's going to go ahead and move into Jester's space so now both Jester and Caduceus are caught inside-- It's going to attempt to, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. So you are currently restrained. You're grappled and restrained. You take 13 points of bludgeoning damage. So, constitution saving throw? Regardless, that is a-- hold on, what is the save type on that? Dexterity, that is going to be a 13. That's 11 plus two. That's a failure, I believe, on your DC. Oh, because it's a racial ability? Oh yeah, so no. Takes half damage right? Yeah, reduces its speed by 20 feet until the end of its next turn. 11 points of damage. As it reaches and gets a little frozen and its movement is a little sluggish. It's looking really hurt. 13 points of bludgeoning damage. And because technically Caduceus is still-- At the top of the turn. No, because you got healed by Jester so you also take 13 points of bludgeoning damage. So that's going to end-- The water elemental's turn. It's now Zsundie's turn. Zsundie is going to fly into the air right up here. And release another water jet through to both Beau and Fjord. I need you both to make dexterity saving throws please. You and Fjord. You succeed, Fjord. You fail. It's DC 16. So that's going to be 21 points of bludgeoning damage to you. 21 points. And ten points to you, Fjord. I need you to make a constitution saving throw to see if you maintain concentration. You do, you succeed. And with that it's going to go ahead and continue flying, coasting around out of your range, and turning his attention towards the center column there. No, you do. I'm getting to that point right now. So on a success you are neither pushed nor prone, but you do (launching sound). 20 feet back technically, so you would (crashing sound) right in the ground there. You sploosh into the water and you are prone down at the bottom again. So that ends his go. Caduceus. At the top of your turn, because you are still whelmed you take seven points of bludgeoning damage. Staying in that water elemental is not good news. I know. End of your turn, make a death saving throw. Fjord, your turn. No, you just drop the spell. Yep. To the water elemental? Go for it. And you're not doing anything else, right? Roll your attacks. You don't know. Yasha hasn't had an issue with it yet. Fjord then Yasha. Okay. As you drop Hunger of Hadar you can see they're both looking rather ragged and Algar is on the ground, coughing and sputtering as one of the bodyguards is pulling and tosses an empty health potion to the ground that shatters. As soon as it goes dark they both go "Huh!" and all three of them look at you. Go ahead and roll attacks for both the bodyguards. That misses that guy. 16 does hit him. Falls unconscious on the ground (impact). Hits the wall, (grunts) and crumples into a pile, unconscious. All right. 15, 20, 25-- You can move right up into the space right next-- looking down at Algar right now. End your turn? Yasha, you're up. (heavy metal guitar starts) Go for it. 13 does not hit. That's with advantage? Okay. Second attack, also with advantage. It's for all your attacks now. 15 does hit. 17 points of damage? As you strike through with your final strike the blade carves right up the side and like cutting through a large wave it sprays up into the ceiling and restores itself. Jester and Caduceus no longer being whelmed in it. You're still unconscious, your animals are no longer drowning. This way? There? Finishes your turn Yasha? Yes? Is that an action, just has you do it? Then yeah, you can do that. Sure, yeah. You watch as this dark-- you guys don't see this-- Algar looks to his left as the body of his bodyguard which has been blown in the chest falls over and immediately bleeds out and dies. This darkened shadow begins to tug and drag out of its body. You watch as this spectral ghost that has faint barnacles and elements of dripping sea foam and thick ocean water drooling out of its jaw emerges and stands over going (sinister breathing). Algar right now is-- If it wasn't so generally wet in the chamber, you could see the puddle forming under him. He is bludgeoned, beaten, slimed within an inch of his life and is looking at the specter, looking at you and is like, (fearful noises). For his turn, he is going to cower. He is just going to put his hands up and try and drag and put his back against the wall and is just sputtering, unable to make a word. That brings us to Caleb's turn. It's a spell of first-level or higher, and a cantrip. There is a feat you can take at level eight to do what you did in the last campaign. You can move, I'll say two squares. To there, you mean? Okay. Back corner of the room here, you mean? Okay. Yeah, you can do that. 16 for his dexterity saving throw. Go ahead and roll damage. He takes half damage. All right. First damage to Zsundie. (explosion) As the flames subside and pull back, the evaporated water in the vicinity turns into this cloud of mist that (hisses) around. Steam fills the upper chamber for a minute. And as the steam pulls away from Zsundie, barely scathed by the Fireball, (growls) just glaring right at you, Caleb. You got it. That ends your turn? Jester, you're up. All righty. Nice! Yep. You can't see what's around there, yeah. So make an attack with disadvantage. 19 hits the other bodyguard! Go for it. (impact) "Argh!" And you watch as two armored feet (boof) on the side. The other armored guard collapses on the other side. Algar's seeing this specter rising, this drowned wraith emerging from one bodyguard, and the other bodyguard (smack) on the ground next to him. Looks up at Fjord, just stepping over and walking towards him in the far corner. So that would be (counting) right there. Wading through the water as you get over. All righty. That ends your turn, Jester. Nott, you're up. Algar? Algar is-- Szundie. Make a persuasion check. Unmoved, your words fall upon deaf ears as a focused, semi-ethereal water-based elemental entity is steady, his eyes filled with driven command and murder. Anything else you want to do? He's thinking about it. Hmm? Okay. Go ahead and curl around there. Go ahead and make your stealth check. 22, all right. You feel sufficiently hidden. Beau. (grunt, whoosh) There. Your bonus dash will get you a full jump. You can get about there with your full movement with the half lost from the prone-- (counting) You're in the chamber now with Fjord. As you round the corner, you see the one recently crushed dwarf; the other has this drowned wraith pulled out of its body, this specter looming over Algar. And you see the back of Fjord standing over Algar who's (panting) on the ground, scooting away. Okay. He's now pinned against the wall, your knee against the jaw and the chin; he's choking against the pressure. Make an athletics check. Eh. SAM and You had to remember. Make an athletics check. Make an athletics check to grapple. Yeah, he is fully grappled by you and shoved against the wall. That ends your go. It is now-- Szundie's turn. Szundie... Yeah. It makes sense. Szundie's going to go ahead and lower down and see the hobbling Caleb making his way up through the water, and Caduceus-- Still a five-foot line, though. Yeah, you're still in the space. It's not like a little tiny stream; it's a big (splash). I need you both to make dexterity saving throws. Because you are prone-- No, it doesn't affect your saving throw. So yeah. 19, success! Success! So that is-- ooh, that's a good roll. That's... 24. So that's 12 points of bludgeoning damage to each of you. Caleb goes out and gets pushed 20 feet back again (boosh) "Whoa!" way into the back there. Caduceus is like "Argh!" But you're still holding on at this moment. And it is going to go ahead and appear right next to you, holding this trident, now that apparates in its hand, and it's rearing back to go ahead and start. All right. Caduceus. You're conscious. Cure Wounds is a touch, I believe. Healing Word is the-- All right, 2d4 plus your wisdom modifier. That's right! Grave clerics, man. All right. All right. So we'll say for purposes of this right now, you get up, turn invisible-- Okay, yeah. You turn invisible, get up, and then you want to move--? You can move two squares, we'll say. Fjord. He's like (choking sounds). He can't do anything. But you can see the bracelet right there on his wrist-- What do you want to do? With being grappled, coup de grace, just go ahead and roll an attack just for the hell of it. With advantage. With a sparking, grinding noise, you all hear echoes as the blade carves across the stones and you watch as a splash of water, it looks almost like a water razor, just (slash) through the area and the hand just falls off onto the ground. The bracelet slips off of his wrist, and he's (muffled screams) and is now screaming against the guttural pressure placed on his throat. In that moment, you watch as Szundie-- the trident goes limp, disappears from his hand. Just gives you a look, turns around and then begins to drift up in the direction of where Algar is. And that's where we're going to end tonight's episode. Yep. We'll find out next week. It seems that somehow you've freed this entity, whatever that means. We'll find out next week. So. We'll find out next week. Yasha will still be there. We're hoping Ashley can Skype in as much as she can, and I'll be NPC-ing Yasha in the interim. Thank you guys for hanging with us. We ran a little long tonight. Ran a little long tonight, but I wanted to get as much gameplay in with Ashley as possible.