Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Some of us are mentally lagging a little, but that's okay. It's been a long day. Welcome, guys. Before we jump into tonight's session, we're going to do some quick announcements. First and foremost, thank you to our returning sponsor and partner at the start of this campaign, and for the foreseeable, amorphous future of which they wish to come along with us on this journey, D&D Beyond. They've been awesome and I actually just learned today of a really helpful functionality that I probably should have known about, where you can create your own campaign in there and then send out a link to all your players and their characters get added to your campaign. Now I have access to all of your character sheets at all times, which alleviates me having to text you all, "What's your maximum hit points now?" and all that shit. Well no, I sent out the link earlier today and you're one of the only ones who hasn't responded yet, but you will, later, that's okay. That's okay, so were we. (laughter) It's all good. Sam, do you have any words you wanted to say about our sponsor? Oh no. Adding Merkin to a swamp druid was too easy. Thank you Sam, thank you very much. Isn't it always, though? Finishing up from that, we have Talks Machina next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific here on Twitch and Project Alpha to discuss tonight's episode of Critical Role hosted by our fantastic Brian W. Foster, so check that out on Tuesday next week. We have a new show called Weave coming up, Marisha, do you want to explain this a little bit? One episode in? That's right, that launched this week. That's awesome. We'll get you one, same size. Last week's episode of Critical Role is available in podcast form wherever you can find the greatest podcasts to download. So if you have friends who are listening to the audio, they can do so now and be caught up with you up until after tonight. Also, comic book issue four of Critical Role Vox Machina Origins is available for digital download anywhere where you can find digital comics for the most part ComiXology, the Dark Horse app, and other great places. We've got a new one creeping up on the horizon. I was supposed to see the art today! I can't wait! Anyway, enough of that. Of course, our fantastic 826LA and the 826 group that does fantastic after-school programs for kids to get into creative writing. Check it out if you haven't already, and if you can't give to help out with this charity, you can donate your time as well to help teach some of these kids and help expand their imaginations, so check it out. They're awesome people and we continue to support and push them forward. Any new appearances you want to announce? Or just rinse and repeat the ones-- if you want to know what conventions we're going to be at in the near future, watch last week's episode. Otherwise it gets monotonous for us. Anyway, any other announcements that I've missed? Send your gum to Geek & Sundry. On that note, let's go ahead and dive in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. (cast singing) [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] I have to. Except when I don't, which makes it a challenge for you guys, which does not help me. Anyway, last we left off, the group of adventurers whose fates are slowly entwining found themselves meeting in the city of Trostenwald on the southern reaches of the Dwendalian Empire on the continent of Wildemount. Through a mishap in a circus passing through town, you began to give chase to the investigation that has caught you up in this legal issue and you found yourselves locked under house arrest and being considered possible murderers. You sought the answer to this endeavor, you found the devil toad, or the nergaliid, as you discovered, was responsible. You hunted it down, slew it, brought its head back, and after arguing with a very tired and wanting to get it over with lawmaster in Trostenwald, managed to convince her enough to let you off the hook and leave most of the standing legal issues with Gustav, thus disbanding the circus and setting you and Yasha free. Yasha went on her own path while the rest of you, the six of you, decided strength in numbers, and at the time being, you all seem to enjoy each other's company. Purchasing a fresh map, looking at your future prospects and your dwindling funds, you decided to head northward, towards the city of Zadash by way of the Golden Road, past the city of Alfield. And that is where we left off, as you had smacked the rear end of the single horse and cart, and sent it spooked into the northern field. You do. You chase after it to keep up. Being relatively before noon at this point in time, you're heading northward along the Amber Road. The well-packed dirt of the ten-foot roadway gives you a clear path towards your next destination. The gentle creak of the cart mingles with the clomping of the horse hooves as you push forward. The midday air is warmer than you expected. The sky's common gray presence is broken into smaller cloud patches, the victorious blue peeking through. You guys continue for a few hours, talking amongst yourselves a bit. If there are any questions you wish to ask each other, now is the time. Meaning if there is anything coming out of the city you wanted to talk about, otherwise I'm going to continue to push forward with your journey. So stop me at any point. Make a perception check. You can see there is some faint bruising starting to show on the left side of the face. Imagination! No hit point transition, no constitution saves. They're a bit stale, but still tasty enough. You can chose to remove it if you'd like, but it may be part of the texture. It adds color. Ironically, traveled in the exact wagon that you're in right now. You watch as he balances one on the edge of the hand and then tosses it up and catches it as it falls, and takes the other one and glides it across, spins it up, catches it on his chin. On his nose; he makes it hop around. It's pretty decent. Make an acrobatics check if you want to try. A few hours into travel along the road, you catch ahead the sight of another caravan heading southward in your direction. They begin to crest over one of the hills. As you look forward, too, the central portion of the Marrow Valley isn't just a smooth, constant grade. It's a series of rolling hills and high grasses and wheats and grains, and a lot of wild weeds that have taken over the areas between bastions of civilization. You can see up there about maybe a half mile or so, as they crest over one of the hills in the distance. He can't hear you right now, unfortunately. As your vision crests up with the flight of Frumpkin, make a perception check for Frumpkin. It's a two? Okay. I mean, at a safe enough distance to look down, there are shapes. The most that Frumpkin makes out is that it looks to be six heavy wagons. MARISHA and Six heavy wagons, each being pulled by a trio of horses. We'll say for the purposes of this-- Coming closer down the road now, the gap between your traveling troupe and this caravan grows smaller and smaller. All the rest of you, I'd like to make a perception check, please. I think at this point, Frumpkin has-- Amongst all of you guys keeping an eye out, you look ahead and you can see the wagons are covered, some of them are bundled; some of them are taller; some of them are smaller. What you do notice is at the front of each of the wagons, there's a figure with the reins that is in the process of sitting there and occasionally making sure the pace is kept relatively steady forward. You do see by the long robes and ornate silk mantles of the highwaymen that are holding these reins, you get the impression that they probably are from the Menagerie Coast. You two in particular recognize, it's not well-off mercantile clothing, but it looks like it's not rags for a person that makes this trek up and down the Amber Road. Looks like they're heading southward, probably returning after completing some sort of a trade run up to either Zadash or Rexxentrum and spaces nearby. As the gap begins to close, there's a brief moment of chicken to see who's going to avert the path as it's only about ten foot wide. It would be a pretty tight fit to get both your troupe and their wagons past. Do you guys yield or do you continue to push forward? You guys skirt your single horse-- poor thing is pulling this cart on its own. It's not going any faster, really, than you guys walking, necessarily. (laughter) Because it is not a riding horse, it is a beast of burden, so it's about the same pace that you're going. As you guys pull slightly off into the grass, the cart bumps as it hits some rocks and patches of dirt and thick grass. They continue to pass, and as they do, you see the individuals. The one in the front has what looks to be a thick scarf tossed over the shoulder obscuring part of the face, and she gives a hand salute up to you as it passes and a bit of a head nod. As you wave your hand frantically, a bit of eye contact is made and continues past. No response. The first cart continues past. The next one looks over to you for a second, the head cocked a little bit. "No, we are on our "way to Port Zoon." "By way of Nicodranas." "We briefly did, yes, but we are returning. We have finished our wares and we have things to "bring back to sell." "Uh..." At this point he's passed by you and his voice gets a bit louder over his shoulder and he's like, "From this point, it's probably around 150 miles." The next one continues, one after another. You get a better look, too. The ones at the front that were pretty heavily covered, as opposed to the ones in the back which are a little taller, and as you look into the back, there's little flaps and openings on the inside, you can see there's families traveling. Make a perception check. Glancing through, you can see the three wagons towards the back seem to be more for transport of people. It seems like either these merchants are bringing their family with them for long treks, so they're not apart from them for so long, or their family is just a family of traders or transport. Looking past them, you can see there are a lot of supplies behind them, but you're not sure if they're wares or just their personal goods. The fifth cart's now passed. You're moving on to the sixth cart. Make an insight check. They don't look sad necessarily. They're on the road, just kind of looking out and keeping eyes on the vicinity and probably lost in thought. You do see a pair of children, hard to gauge their age at this distance, but they're under the age of ten at least, and they seem to look relatively bored. You watch as the young boy, he has tangled black hair that poofs out a bit on the sides, he has a deeper brown skin, and he looks up at you with his bright blue eyes. As soon as you begin balancing the sword, he smiles a little bit and jabs his elbow into his sister who's a little bit older than him, who glances over and points. They both point towards you. You don't hear anything. They just point and smile as their cart pulls away, the sixth cart making distance from you. The caravan continues without you. Continuing on your path, I want to ask which two of you are taking point in keeping an eye on the road and the landscape around you as you progress? Okay. Beau and who else? So the two of you are taking point up until you guys decide to change it when it comes to travel along the road. Yes. I would like you both, currently about an hour's journey past that intersection with the other caravan, to make a perception check. 18 and eight. Actually, both of you don't really notice anything. Both of you keeping an eye out, the hills continue to roll. You see patches of trees and small wooded areas. Grass field is tall but it's beautiful and the light breeze that blows through, you can see the waves of wind as they come across. You can hear the faint sound of it moving the fields across. There is. It's maybe about 600 feet off the road, but you can try and head over there if you want to. I'd say total right now, you've been probably on the road for about four hours. All right. So you guys leave the cart on the road or do you take it off to the side? I mean, you can. The progress will slow a bit because you're now taking it through the hills and the field and having to push the cart through the grass. As the rest of you take a moment to step off to the side of the road, pull out some of your travel supplies to feed the horse, give it a rest. Pick some flowers, which you can find. They're wildflowers. They're bright white, scattered and simple, but they're beautiful in their own right. You all take a bit to relieve yourselves a little ways off the road. You make your way towards the nearest tree and it's a cluster of about five or six that are nearby, this pocket where it seems like some seeds long ago got dropped by a bird, probably, over the sky, and then proceeded to grow and sprout. The lowest branch is about ten feet up, so you're going to have to take a quick leap and try and climb some of it. Oh, that's right, you're waiting there. Never mind. You see that tree and you go, "I'll "get to that later." Your eyes cloud over. No, you guys were quite a ways off. No one was in earshot. A ladybug lands on his nose and goes in his nostril, but he can't feel it. Maybe not this. You're too focused. It tickles a little bit. To be fair, your face itches in general from the sheer amount of filth that's on it. It's hard to really differentiate. Make a perception check for your birdie. Glancing over and doing a wide pass around as everyone begins to gather their things and head towards the cart, the road's pretty open. At this point, the previous caravan is invisible from that height, the hills close that distance. You don't see anything coming your way. It seems pretty open and safe. Okay. Okay, cool. It's a nice view. (laughter) Make an investigation check. Shh, don't spoil it! No carvings of names or letters, but you do see a few knots in the tree that have currently been carved out and made a home to a number of woodland creatures. Eventually, you all gather yourselves again back at the wagon, cart it back onto the road, and head northward. Another few hours pass before the sun begins to set. As the sky grows darker, the clouds from the north-northeast begin to filter in with a colder wind. You get the sense that the warm day that you had is coming to a close and who knows how long the current cold weather will keep. The light begins to fade, darker and darker, until you get the sense that you have about 30 minutes before this field goes pitch black. You can see your breath. Not super thick, but when you exhale you see a bit of the breath before you. There are no mountains anywhere in the vicinity. You're in the center of the rolling hills. There is a cluster of trees you could go to that's about 300 feet or so off the road. It's three trees, so it's not a lot of cover, but unfortunately you're in the middle of a valley. It takes you a little bit. You spend about 45 minutes in pitch dark keeping an eye in that direction before you come upon the tree. You can faintly see the outline of the tree against the faint bit of light making it through the cloud cover. You guys stop there, get the horse a little bit of water and feed, and the site's yours. Who's starting the fire? You can do that. With that light, it's easy enough to find some small kindling. There's not a whole lot in the vicinity, mainly being that it's an open field. But you find a few pieces of fallen tree and general dead plant life in the vicinity that can get something going. Eventually you get a fire going. It's a little beacon of light here in the darkness, orange-ish flickering against the interior of the three trees as you guys are situated there. You figure you've made it a little under halfway to Alfield, which is the small city on the way to Zadash. It'll take you a little over a day's travel, or if you push it ahead you could probably make it in a day, but you can run the risk of getting tired. But for resting this evening, who wants to take watch? Okay. All right. We'll say for the purposes of expediency on this, I'll take three perception rolls from three different people that are keeping watch throughout the evening. So with the setup of your spell, you go to rest. Jester, you first. All right, natural one. About ten minutes-- About ten minutes into your watch, the inspiration hits for you to start drawing interesting faces and weird trees. You start sketching-- There you go. As you begin to sketch, you are not paying attention at all to the area around you. Giant miniatures space unicorns. However, even though you rolled really poorly, your watch goes through unabated. Second watch, who's taking that? All right. Go ahead and roll a perception check, please. LAURA, MARISHA, and Okay. Keeping an eye out, you see a little ways off-- it's hard to make out any shapes because of your human eyes and, with the firelight that's near you, your eyes can't adjust to the darkness as well, but there are bits and pieces where the clouds do break, the moonlight comes down and you can see a distant shape that's moving through the field maybe about 400 feet off. You can see it pushing through the height of the grass, moving slowly. Yep. Make a stealth check. You vaguely see the shape moving, but it's hard to see, and only because of the moonlight. Nott, as you stealth up and quickly move through the grass, eventually you hear this (soft grunting). You glance up and see there is not one, but three large buffalo-type creatures that are lumbering through the fields. You're not sure. You're not close enough to see. You see they're bipedal, they're thick and muscular, and they have these large horns that curl off to the side and out. Sorry, quadruped, not bipedal. You're about, maybe, 80 to 100 feet from it. The whispers continue back and forth. For one round. It's a cantrip. Essentially. So Nott, what are you doing? They're just moving. As you head back to the camp, you can see they pass and continue heading in the southwestern direction in the field, not taking notice of your fire or the encampment. Yes. While Molly and Jester continue to enjoy their continued long rest, you all interrupt it to get up, and head in the direction of these creatures. I would like you all to make a stealth check, please. All right. The four of you, shoulder to shoulder, keeping low, making your way through the field, stepping ever so carefully. And there's this (croaking) as one of you accidentally goes completely foot down on to some sort of field frog that had been there. As the croak hits, you watch as one of the creatures (startled grunting), and they all start running away, spooked by the sound. Make a perception check, if you want to. At disadvantage on you, unfortunately, at this distance. They look like buffalo-like creatures. They look like buffalo. You aren't too familiar with a lot of the indigenous animals that live or have been brought to this region if they haven't been near the port towns that you grew up in. You haven't seen these types of creatures before, but you vaguely know they're in the ballpark of what a buffalo, you imagine, looks like. All right. Molly has the third watch. Perception check, please. Okay. As you keep an eye out, everyone else sleeps throughout the evening. Eventually, you nod off, and fall asleep with the rest of them. I would like to ask all of you to leave the table for a moment, except for Fjord. Yeah. Fjord, as darkness takes your mind, dreamless like most, you await the emptiness of sleep to carry you to the day. Your sense of body fades, but your mind and the dark linger. Minutes, hours, days. Time loses real sense and meaning, but you're conscious for it and that is almost maddening, in that split second or endless stretch of experience that you're currently unable to express. As the time passes, the air grows colder around you. The faint shimmer of shifting midnight blue, muted and distant, now showing endless depth before you, rippling. You begin to flail about, your senses returning with the dropping temperature, but there is resistance to your limbs as you push in the space around you. You're sluggish. There's force. It's not air, it's water. You suddenly feel the burning pain in your lungs as your breath fights to escape you, but you hold tight. You seize and swim in desperation, choosing any direction, but the shimmering blue is directionless. There is no up, there is no down. It's just depth. Movement. The universal shadows dance as one, right to left. With a speed that pulls you along with the current, you feel yourself being jostled. As it shifts again to the left to right, around behind you, you find yourself toppling, head over end, eventually coming to rest again. You spiral over and over again, the darkness swallowing you, tightening around you as this dance, this shape, this endless coil, this spiral around you. As the current tugs at you, battering you, you cannot fight any more as the increased power of the current pulls on your form. You cough, and the freezing waters rush into your body, the briny taste of salt water stinging your insides. Your wincing eyes open with the pain that clutches the interior of your chest, only to see a gargantuan mass moving through the water around you, like a massive noose closing in. The pain in your chest vanishes. As your breathing normalizes-- thicker than air, but breathable all the same-- it feels strange yet weirdly familiar. In that moment, yellow light bursts before you in the shape of an enormous yellow eye. An impossibly low tone rumbles through the waters around you, shaking you to your core, like an organic war horn the size of a canyon. The eye narrows as the tone grows stronger. A thought enters your mind, a jumble of emotions that your brain attempts to make sense of until a word congeals into the center of your consciousness "Watching." The eye just looks at you, waiting expectantly. "Watching." The eye opens a bit and leans closer towards you. "Potential." "Learn." "Learn. Grow. Provoke. Consume." "Reward." "Patience." The eye closes, and the light is gone. You feel the darkness and the cold completely suffuse your entire world as the panic and solitude, the true quiet of your unconsciousness, begins to take hold. At that moment, you gasp for breath, and your eyes open, coughing and sputtering in the morning air. If we could have everybody else come back to the table, please! Call them back in. Watching, potential, learn, grow, provoke, consume. We'll go over the rest later. Come on in! Yes, you're supposed to come back in. You are. Everybody back. As the rest of you have already come to consciousness in the morning air, begun to situate your belongings and put out the embers of the fire that lasted-- pardon-- throughout the night. Your morning belches getting out. Fjord has slept in, and has been ever so still in his sleep. Suddenly, without warning, he suddenly shoots up from his sleep, his eyes wide, and as he opens his mouth, begins coughing and spitting water up. No. It was a sizeable glass filled with water. It's briny and salty. Yeah, make an insight check. I've never been more proud of my wife. Seems like he's covering some confusion or at least trying to deflect. As you glance down at your sheath on the ground, it is empty. There is no falchion. No. You look down, and it's not in the sheath. You glance around, it's nowhere near you. He looks down at his open palm, and there is a flash of greenish-blue, teal energy out of his grip. There, clutched within his grasp, you see the falchion, coated in the remnants of sea floor life. You see the barnacles encrusted around the edge and up the back of the blade, as it begins to drip water. The same kind that was coughed up by Fjord this morning. You watch as it just disappears out of your grip. You have to make a new one. 23. As far as you can tell, as forthright and honest as you've heard him be. It probably had a few names, in travel, and you've gone through a few horses. So whatever you come up with. Interesting point, too For most of you, Winter's Crest would have little meaning. It's largely celebrated in continents to the west, as it is specific to a historic event that did not happen in Wildemount. But you're a carnival, so you guys have more of a vast and strange knowledge. When he says Winter's Crest, maybe Beau. It's possible, but just for a bit of information. As you guys look off, at this conversation with the horse, the horse is currently about 30 feet off in the field, eating grass out of the field. As you guys gather up, in the fresh morning air, back into the cart. As Beau gets nice and swole for the morning. (laughter) Vasquez is a pretty good print. I think we were talking, Vasquez and Starbuck from the new Battlestar are both good character prints for Beau. Yeah, love that. As you guys bring the cart back up onto the Amber Road, northward, you begin your second-day trek. You guys push on for a few hours. Is it still Beau and Mollymauk keeping point? I'll have both of you roll a perception check, please. Okay. Calm fields. You push on for a few more hours, the afternoon staring to get late. You can choose soon, when it gets dark, to set up camp again and stay another evening out in the fields, or you get a sense looking at the map that you had procured that if you push an extra hour or so past, you could probably make it to Alfield before the night's done. All righty. You guys push forward, kind of pick up the pace a bit, but the horse and those of you who are on the sides of the cart, if you wish to, you can jog along the side to alleviate some of the burden. Keeping an eye out. Okay. The sun does eventually close towards the Cyrios Mountains to the west and night begins to fall. At this point, you do see just over the distance in the hill as darkness comes, you can see the faint glow, a cluster of light, of a village in the distant hills. You get the sense that this is probably Alfield at the perimeter of your vision. As you continue to push forward, you've now gone past eight hours of continuous travel into the ninth hour. I would like you all to roll a constitution saving throw, please. MARISHA and Nine as well? Wow. It's like Rammstein on that side of the table. (laughter) All right. So the three of you take one level of exhaustion. This is a good thing to look up. Essentially, per point of exhaustion-- There you go. So you have disadvantage on ability checks until you take a long rest to get rid of it. Yes. On ability checks, so skills and things like that. All right. You guys are-- you're a few-- you're probably about a half mile away from Alfield and it looks, even at this distance, a bit smaller than Trostenwald, where you were. You can see the faint clusters of trees on the north, eastern and northeastern sides of the city, otherwise it's just in this pocket behind a few hills. It's a bit podunk in size, you can gather from this distance, but it's welcoming. There's a flash of orange light on the outskirts of town. No, it just looked like a flash. I mean, it could have been arcane. It's hard to tell at this distance, it's quite a ways away. There's a second one. (flash) You faintly see what looks like the distant curl of flames beginning to spread across what appears to be a roof. I mean, as you sit here and watch-- You guys begin to go into a faster jog in that direction. As you do, you can see the fire is now beginning to consume a handful of buildings and the flames are beginning to flicker higher. You begin to hear in the distance a very faint high-pitched yelp or some sort of a screech. It's hard to make it out at this distance, it's an open field area and it's mingling with what sounds like now dozens of voices screaming and entwining. As you can see the uncontrolled flames still progressing on the eastern side of the village, you can just see, as you get within a few hundred feet of the western side of Alfield, people just running. Villagers, probably a few hundred of them, are now just running out of the town as you guys begin to approach. Towards you and out into the field. So as you're approaching, they're coming your direction. As you glance over, you see a family of five halflings rushing right past you. The mother is dragging two of the younger ones by the hand while the father is running alongside the eldest daughter, probably in her teens. The father wears a leather cap and has a handlebar mustache and simple farm clothing. As you shout out, he makes your eye contact. "Oh, I don't know what happened. They started to burn the buildings and these things "started rushing. The city is under attack." (panicked) "Big things. Dog-faced. I can't-- Come on." They just keep running. At this point, you guys can see more people are fleeing. As you get closer, about 100 feet outside the city, you watch as the droves of people are beginning to get-- at least either the ones that are actively fleeing have made it out of the city, or in the process the stragglers are still coming through. You see a young human man with scrappy, tattered brown hair, a bit of blood dripping down his face, running before his back arches and he falls into the grass. You can see an arrow protruding from his back. At that point, you can see, standing up from behind one of the exterior walls of the city, a humanoid creature stretching up to about seven feet tall, muscular torso with thin dog-like legs. You watch as it extends its neck with spots of fur, its ears curled upwards as it has a dog-like snout at the front of it. You watch as it leaps onto the back of this fallen villager, bites into the shoulder, and tears a chunk out. Swallows it before it growls into the air (yipping howl). You have. You've encountered a roving band of these on your way southward. It swallows the flesh, grabs the body, and then darts back into the city, dragging the corpse of the villager it's just killed with it rapidly. No. They're small and waist high, and shoulder high walls that are partitions here and there, but it's largely a farming city. No, not at all. No, he's about-- well, depends on the spell. Right now he's about 200 feet from you and he's running into the city. You can see the flames are further in but you can see the orange glow flickering in the distance. Perception check. 17. In the immediate vicinity, you do not. You see more people from the village starting to run out, screaming. You see a handful of crownsguard come out, one of them looks wounded and is, "To the north. Where are they coming from?" You see the two of them dart off northward into the city. What are you guys doing? Okay. No. You get the sense, at the moment, there's no active idea that these would be considered a creature that would draw your attention. Are you leaving the cart there, on the outskirts? All right, as you go charging into the city, you're pushing past fleeing villagers and you can see some of the buildings now have been locked shut. You can see faintly through the windows furniture being boarded up from the inside. People are hunkering down for whatever this assault is. As you enter, you see the crownsguard went northward but the one creature that you saw charge in went straight towards the heart. Right now you can see there's two main streets that bisect this small village. There's one that goes at an angle, northwest to southeast. One that goes right towards the center, west to east. As you head towards the center you can see the flames are more near that central square. As you guys begin to run, push past a few more people, the smoke is starting to billow up and you can see now there's embers rising and then falling. This very faint ashy rain of small points of reddish-orange light that begin to fall with the ash. As you turn around one of the buildings, there's one of the side walls and four crownsguard all ducked down behind the wall with crossbows and longbows, all back behind it. You can see one that's adorned with more ornate armor. You see a person there with elven features, but hint at a mixed lineage. They have their helmet on the ground, showing shoulder-length blond hair that's turned red in places from a spattering of gore. Through gritted teeth they curse in pain as the bandages are applied to what you can see is a wound right around the midsection in the thigh area. Another soldier is in the process of wrapping it. You watch as they go, "Gah! You fool, bind the wound, "don't stuff it." Goes and they pull a bolt back into the crossbow and nock it at the ready. Glancing up and seeing you approach, they scan past you-- most of you now with weapons at the ready, it seems, charging forward. "You!" You suddenly have an array of arrows, about five or six, come over the wall. One of them manages to pierce the back of one of the crownsguards' heads and falls and crumples to the ground. They all get lower again. You hear in the distance (growling yips). The individual looks back to you. "You, are you able-bodied?" "And you're armed." "30 gold a gnoll ear. Now get in there and help." They give you a look like-- "Just go!" (whoosh) Two of them glace up and fire two crossbow bolts over the wall and duck back behind. You hear a heavy smashing of wood, some more barks and gibbering echoing around the way. You can see now flames curling up to the top of the building that you're all right next to, before the small wall that bisects the entryway. Correct. To give you perspective now. You guys-- You are all right over this side area, corner. Arrange yourself as you feel you wish to be. Over there on the far end of the village. If you wish to, you can place yourselves where you wish or show me where you want them to go. Right here? With what little bit you've looked over to the side you can see there are some up on the rooftops in the distance. You can see their dark figures silhouetted by flames, and other bits of light that normally fill the streets in the center of the city. Most you can see are these up here and you can already see a few bodies of guards and civilians that are lying on the ground, carved open and not moving. You see spatters of blood. You still hear them barking and giving orders next to each other (rabid barking). Over here? At this distance it's hard to say. I'd say probably in the neighborhood of about 70 to 80 feet from you. You guys, I would like, if you are trying to stay out of sight, make a stealth check, please. Those of you with a point of exhaustion, you have disadvantage. That's okay. As a group, for the moment you guys haven't drawn their attention. You're still right next to where there are crownsguard who are in the process of a firefight with whatever is in this vicinity of the city. However, you may or may not make it through, for the moment, unseen. You're not certain how many there are. But you can hear a lot of yipping and growling right around this large, two-story building that is currently engulfed in flames. You may, you're stealthed currently. Interesting point of order, you're not too certain of the gender of this individual, kind of fluid. There you go. As the figure leaps over the wall and begins making a run towards the center area, about four different arrows pass through its form before one of these gnoll creatures goes lumbering forward and slashes out to it. This gnoll, interestingly enough-- the other ones you see and the one you saw before the city are all built and muscular. This one seems to be porous. With a brief bit of view, you can see there's clumps of fur and exposed bone and part of its skull is just pushing out of its snout with teeth gnashing. As it tears into the illusion, it claws through, confused, and looks over in your direction. As you're finishing drawing your blade across your back, what normally would be cold energy suddenly flickers into this beacon of bright white light. Something clicks in your mind and you're like, "Oh, I know you." This entity would be here now. It would have just left out into that section there. It does now. All right. You may. I'm giving you all one round preparation before we roll initiative. Okay. Is that concentration? All right, I'm going to put a concentration marker on you just so we remember it. That's cool. So that's you. That's you. You're going to Vicious Mockery. He rolled a 13 minus three. I believe it's wisdom, correct? I'm pretty sure that's a ten and that does not make your DC. Yes. You drag the other edge of your blade-- You've taken a total of six damage and your max HP is down by six. But you have currently the new invoked Rite on each blade. You may. You may do that. Where are you going to cast it? You watch as this flash of purplish energy suddenly apparates into the air. This thick-like wooden handle that is jammed into a massive, bludgeoning, solid piece of sugary goodness. With that, you can make an attack with that as soon as it comes out. Make a melee spell attack, please. 17 does hit. Seven radiant damage, nice. As it strikes down, wham! From the creature, already watching its bones and its form shakes-- Ten. Oh, that'll be enough. You watch as it pulls back with the Infernal shouting of Mollymauk causing it to prepare itself for a lunge. As it gets low, its jaw snapping open, you watch as bits of its skin fall onto the ground as it does so (snarl). And right before it leaps, (wham) it just smashes it into the ground and its bones go flying and scattering in every which direction. All right, so Beau, what are you doing? You all have one round of prep. Right now, you've gone-- You can move, yeah. Okay. Okay. You're running that way? All right. And you send your duplicate over there as well? All righty. And Beau? Sure. Easy to see in this perspective. You glance inside-- All right. As you glance inside, you can just barely see around the corner. The place is tossed. It is shattered and ruined. It looks like it was once the interior of a small tavern of some kind, but the kitchen is wrecked and you can see two of these gnolls are in the process of grabbing large sacks out of the kitchen and pulling them out through the front door on the opposite side of the building. I would like you all now to roll initiative. Yes, so these are with disadvantage. It is. No. 25 to 20, anybody? 20 to 15? 16. All righty. 15 to ten? All right, ten to five. Okay, so that order. Molly, then Jester. Then Caleb? All righty, so. Top of the round, as some of this has happened. The one gnoll skeletal form has shattered onto the ground. Some of the other gnolls begin to look over in that direction, and see a few of you over by the guards now, standing up and darting over the way. They're preparing for some sort of... whatever's coming. But first of the round is you, Beau. Okay. Make a performance check. All right. The whistle has a bit of volume to it. Unfortunately, with the sound of all the breaking of furniture, them all growling at each other, and the general screams in the vicinity, it's lost in the chaos. It's not necessarily a quiet atmosphere to draw a guard's attention. The gnolls don't seem to care much for a whistle around the window. They're more focused on grabbing and running out the front, other way, with whatever they're taking. I'll let that be like a bonus action, we'll say. Because you were waiting for something to happen. Okay. With a 40-foot movement, that brings you-- You do. As you go through the window, because they've mostly shifted into the other room now; that's where you see them moving. They're not in the room that's closest to you, so you go jump through the window, over the mass, make your way through the living room, and you watch as they're exiting the door. You get all the way through. Unfortunately, no. But you do manage to make it all the way to this door there. Nope! Is that still what you want to do? Well, here's what you do. As you rush through to go after them, as they're fleeing out the other side, you come to the doorway and you can see there's one gnoll right in front of you that hasn't noticed you rushing behind it. It's currently throwing a corpse of one of the villagers onto a cart that's sitting right outside of that door. That cart, which is piled up with other corpses, and bags, and whatever things they were robbing from the inside of this building that they've thrown onto this cart. You can now see there's four gnolls that are gathered around it in the process of throwing things onto it, and it looks like they're getting ready to start pushing it. They haven't noticed your arrival, as you've just darted into the doorway. What are you going to do? No, that was your move to get there. Well, as your action you can just go into it without having to spend a ki point. Because you already used your bonus action. The ki point allows you to do it as a bonus action, but you can just do it as an action any time. You just go into the dodge action. Right, so you're holding back in the doorway, and you're ready to use the door to help defend you if it needs to. Okay, that ends Beau's turn. It's now their turn. They rolled really high in the initiative. Visibly off to the side, there is... Yeah, that's going to be two of them firing their bow-- Actually, no, three, because they watched you come out. There's three of them that are going to be firing their bows at Beau. They all have disadvantage on the attack, however. As this one fires off in the direction of your duplicitous form, as it disappears through. As it's the only thing it can visually see. It's going to stay behind the wall. That's three attacks at disadvantage against Beau. They do. First one with a longbow, that's a 15? Right. Misses. The first one, you watch as it just moves past you and slams into the door. The next one, from this guy up here-- That's a 12 and a two. The other one misses into the wall. This one over here is going to fire at you. That's a 16 and a 14, plus three, 17. The first two one hits the door; the other one, you duck out of the way; and the third one comes and it's piercing right towards your chest. It's going to deal 2d8, seven points of piercing damage. Oh, right! Because you got that for your-- Okay. As a reaction, you watch this one arrow that you can't quite duck out of the way-- All right. So go ahead and make the roll. Yeah, you're trying to swat it and see if you can carry the momentum with it. You reduce the damage to zero and you catch it. If you want to, you can spend a ki point to throw it, if you want to. All right, where are you throwing it to? Okay. All right, so as you grab it, you spin around and throw it. Go ahead and make the attack roll. It should be your-- I know. This is new. Here we go. You just make a ranged attack with it, so roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier and your proficiency modifier, so same as any of your other attacks, because it counts as a monk weapon. 16 hits. It takes 1d8, so roll 1d8, plus two. All right. I wonder, does it add your damage bonus to it, or the original weapon, because it is your strength throwing it back. Pardon me, folks, while we're figuring out new abilities they can use. It is your attack, so you get to add your dex bonus. All right, so six points of damage. You watch as the arrow just sinks into the chest of its thick hide armor. (snarling) The other ones that are throwing stuff onto the cart hear this commotion and turn around and look at you. Three of them continue just throwing stuff onto the cart faster, while the one that's immediately in front of you spins around and stands tall. You can see it looking down at you a full foot and a half, almost two feet taller than you. (snarling) It's going to go ahead and grabs a spear off the side of the wall that it had leaning against and it's going to try to thrust it at you. It still has disadvantage on the attack, though, because you're in your stance. That's 16. This one, as it goes and thrusts with the spear, coming off of the adrenaline of the deflected missile, you duck low, and then kick the spear up, which slams into the top of the door frame and completely misses you. He's now stepping into the door frame, completely filling it as you're backing up into your space, and the two of you are in this very intense, small, occupied block. These guys are going to begin pushing the cart and it's going to move at half their movement to there. This one here is going to move up to here, right around the side of this wall, and it's going to take its longbow and fire at you, because you're the one they can see. Disadvantage. That is a 15. This one, actually, you see over at the fire, and you grab the front of the armor of the gnoll and pull his in front of you, and it actually hits the back of his armor, splintering it, and the smell hits you. As you let him go, there's this thick, oily, horrible liquid that's matted in the fur, and the touch of it's nasty. The smell itself is very acrid of rotting flesh and mangy fur. That's going to end all those guys there, they're pushing there. All right, that ends the gnolls' turn. Fjord, you're up. That's exactly where you can get. Correct. You see it has a longbow and is currently reaching back and it's pulling another arrow and getting it notched up. All righty, so what's the save on that one? No, that's an eight. I'm pretty sure that does not hit. That's concentration, correct? I'm putting a concentration circle on you. All righty, the charmed target must use its action before moving each of its turns to make a melee attack against a creature other than itself you mentally choose. So it has to be a melee attack. That's okay. (laughter) That you can. Okay. Since it has to use its action before its movement, you watch as it looks up at the top of the roof, (snarling) and leaps up, climbs, scampers up to the side, and gets right up into base to base with this guy, confusing the other gnoll, who looks down at it, like it's about to help him, and it doesn't seem to notice there's any sort of threat there, but it can't make an attack on this round. Well, they're medium, they're not-- It's cutting it close, you'd look like a small gnoll. You are visible to a number of gnolls in this courtyard. You don't have any movement to back away from that edge, unfortunately. Right, but you're right on the corner, that's how you were able to see him and send him this way. Yeah, they can both see you. Just so you know. The rest of them probably can't, but you transform yourself into a gnoll-like appearance. All right. Does that end your turn? All righty. In the back of the alleyway, one of the gnolls stands thicker, more angry, and more ornate than the rest of the pack. You see heavy scale mail armor across the torso, and a large helmet across its head. You look as thick spines about a foot and a half to two feet long are woven into the scales themselves off the shoulders, the back of the helmet, and the sides of the armor. They look natural, as opposed to metal, like long, bony spines that are put onto it, both as an ornate adornment, or possibly just a means of defense and to look scary. It begins barking and steps forward, giving motions to some of the other gnolls, and the ones that are on the cart continue pushing it, as it steps forward-- To there. It's going to go ahead and use-- It's going to use Incite Rampage. It looks over towards the one that's right next to Beau and goes, (snarling). The one that's in the middle of the area with you hears that, grins, and then gets an extra attack against you, with disadvantage. And a four. That defense is helping you out. It goes to strike again, and as it comes out with its claw, it's putting its spear to the side. It misses you entirely. That's going to end its turn at the moment. Then it goes to the guards on this end. These guards are going to fan out. Then they dart back around this way. They're going to find a corner next to you, Jester, and take a shot at the gnoll that's up on the roof, next to the one that you have charmed. Shit, that's going to miss. Five plus five. He fires and it goes wide, you see it vanish into the rising cloud of embers and flame. That's going to end the guards' turn. They're getting around and preparing for the next round to shoot a volley. They glance over their shoulder and is like, "Shh!" Molly, you're up. This way? (counting) It will put you at about there. But that's your round. Cool. All righty. That ends Molly's turn. Jester, you're up. Over here? That space? Okay. That's your turn? You still have an action. You currently cannot see anything for it to attack. You need to be able to see a target for it to attack something. So you'd have to be either further out. You can do it as part of your movement, as you run across, make it move and attack, and then continue back-- Can you move it 20 feet? Which direction? Make a roll. 15 unfortunately does not hit. It just misses, you watch as the shield comes up and deflects the large glowing mace of a lollipop. Then you continue the rest of your movement to dart behind the building. At this point, you've all pretty much shown your cards that you're here and part of this fight. You're the only one who's up in the air. Correct. Well, you would be able to as you're running. Against? These would be things you would have done before you ran across. Just letting you know that usually you have to do that as part of your movement. Dexterity saving throw. That is a 12. It takes 1d8 points of radiant damage. After the shield deflects the lollipop, the flash of radiant energy burns across the armor and the torso. Instinctively it puts up the shield to try and deflect the blow from the eyes. (screeches) Looks out and doesn't see where it came from, but it's singed a little. That ends Jester's turn, Caleb and Nott, you're up. The big one? You do. 16 hits. All three hit. 19 points of fire damage. As the three beams arc out and blast, you see as the large gnoll, who seems to be a pack lord or leader of some kind, sees this coming. Tries to put the shield up, but all three blast into its armor. You watch as flames burn out of it suddenly. As it withdraws and takes a step back-- (grows and howls) It just looks angry. It looks hurt a little bit, but mostly angry. Okay. Good to know. Nott, you're up. 15, that doesn't-- oh wait, for a regular gnoll that just hits, barely. Well, it's your level, right? You went up a level so technically-- 12 points of damage. As this gnoll is in the process of slamming through the front doorway, the doorway has been bashed inward on each side and Beau is in the process of dodging and weaving and getting out of the way. You find one opening and fire your crossbow bolt. It goes through the window, through the doorway bisecting the two different rooms and straight under the clavicle near the heart section of it. As it pierces in, (screams) and it coughs up a bunch of blood onto the front of its hide armor. It's not dead, but it's pretty hurt. That was a pretty nasty blow. Go ahead and make an athletics check. Ten is exactly what you needed. That was the DC to get up onto the second floor. As you come up into the second floor, you immediately climb and leap up through the window into a chamber that is filled with roaring flame. Trying to avert your gaze, the heat is pressing into you. There's a table that's on fire, most of the roof has been burned away. There's beams that have fallen. You're like, "This was a "bad idea!" No, that was your movement to get up there and you could use your bonus action if you'd like to. It's still burning, but you're going to have to leap over the flames to get there. I'll say make an acrobatics check to try and leap over parts of broken-- You make it across. You leap onto the first beam and it breaks. You're like "Ah, that burns!" You leap again onto the next one, "Ah, that burns too!" Eventually, you get over there. Your boots are on fire, and you're having to pat them out real fast. You suffer five points of fire damage getting across the room. But you are in an area where it seems it's just embers, and most of the flame is catching behind you for the moment. You get the sense that it might begin to spread in the next minute or so, but at this point, you're not immediately in the threat of flame and you have a look down into the entirety of the courtyard with a little bit of cover. In fact, it would be considered half cover up in here. At which point, you can see the skeletal gnolls that are out there all at once turn and begin shambling forward. There's one this way that begins to run up and take a swing at your duplicitous form, before striking out with no effect. This one spins and comes up into Beau and then there's one that emerges from-- That's okay, we learn what the new abilities do. That's all good. Out of the doorway here, another one of them bursts through and runs to the back and sees the direction where Jester is in the process of glancing over to the side. It uses its action to charge up into combat with you. It can't actually make an attack this turn, but it's right up to you. Its gaping, vacuous skull, open sockets, trying to bear down on you. That's going to end their go, except for the one that's striking at you, Beau. Well, that's not one of the skeletal ones. That's going to be, with disadvantage, 17 to hit. 17 hit. It bites out towards you with its broken toothy jaws and you suffer six points of piercing damage as the jaws clamp down on your forearm and you're like "Oh god!" It's pushing now to try to find the space next to the larger gnoll and they're both currently blocking the doorway from your escape. Which, by the way, top of the round. Beau, your go. Awesome, go ahead and roll for your main attack. You pull it out. There's a horrible pained yelp as you yank it out. As you spin around and attempt to slam it into its back, its giant, thick gnoll arm slams into the door frame and blocks your ability to pass forward. You get caught over its arm and have to withdraw. The one that just bit you? All right, go for it. 11? 11 doesn't hit unfortunately. Lot of whiffing on both sides when it comes around Beau, but as you attempt to strike out with the elbow, it does strike its skull, and its jaw unhinges and snaps it back into place. Yep. As a bonus action, you can use a ki point to do two as your bonus if you have it. Flurry of Blows. No, you used your bonus action, sorry. You want to move or you want to stay where you are? The door frame is pretty banged up, you can try. You can certainly try. Taking a step back, one has spears, so you're still in its melee range as you try and close the door. They'll both get attacks of opportunity on you if you do that. Okay, so you stay there holding your position. That ends Beau's turn. The gnolls go. Before we do anything, the one that's right next to the guy on the wall, what do you want it to do? He has a spear or you can make a shove, up to you. All right, so the spear attack, it's going to, as it climbs to the top and lunges out with its arm. Go ahead and make an attack roll for me. It is plus five. Sorry, plus four. 19 definitely hits. Go ahead and roll 1d6 damage plus two. Two hands technically, so that would be 1d8. Sorry. Nine. Nein! It jams the spear with both hands into its friend and the gnoll yelps and grabs it and pulls it out and looks at it confused and angry. Trying to figure out what exactly happened. As it does so, it's going to attempt to shove it off the wall that just hit it. Make a roll for the athletics check of the other gnoll. Its modifier. 16 plus two. It beat it. It rolled a 17. After it gets stabbed and looks back at the gnoll that you took control and Sparta-kicks it off of the edge of the roof. It slides and tumbles down, landing onto the ground prone right next to Molly. It does suffer one point of falling damage. Molly, you watch as it tumbles and hits the dirt next to you and it's like (groans). You watch as this mystical crown of weird iron horns are floating above its head. That takes up his turn. This guy's going to move forward and advance. This is unfortunate for Beau, partially. This one is going to fire at Beau. This one actually can see Nott and this one is going to take a shot at Nott as well. So one attack against you, Beau, from that gnoll there. That's going to be 11, misses. It actually hits the wall and embeds itself into the side of the door frame. The two attacking you, Nott-- You do have partial cover on these guys. Half cover will be plus two bonus to AC. The first one is going to be a 20. The second one is a natural two. The one that does hit you, you suffer nine points of piercing damage. A lot of nines tonight! As the arrow suddenly arcs upward and hits you right in the side of the jaw and carves through part of your neck that way before it exits out the other side. You have this big gash on the side. It doesn't quite hit the jugular, thankfully, but it is pretty messy as you are starting to bleed down the side of your neck. Yeah, but that one had some decent aim. These guys here continue to push forward that way and they're going to use their other action to push forward. This guy is going to go ahead and throw another body up onto this as the other one's pushing it. They don't get quite as far because one of them stopped pushing, but they're getting to the edge of the map. The one that's snarling there is watching them vanish behind. This guy around the edge is going to, let's see. Seeing you yelp up in the window, he's going to take a shot at you. Beau's currently being dealt with two of them and you're up in the flames right now. That is going to be a 15, which I do not believe hits. This one strikes the ember wood on the outside and breaks through, but it only comes partially out and is embedded, missing you by an inch. That finishes the gnolls' turn, I believe. Oh, this guy is going to turn and take a swing at Beau with a spear, two hands. That is a 16. 16 misses. It swings out and you actually catch the spear off to the side and you're now in a strength tug of war with its own weapon as it's-- Ending their go, it goes to Fjord's turn. Let me double-check something. I don't know if that's the case. It's not just that. It already moved on its turn, it takes its turn, you have to spend your action to maintain the spell, so it won't do anything on your turn. So either you continue to maintain the spell, and then next turn it's still under your control, or you do whatever you want-- Oh, that's right. Thank you. Yes, you do. All righty, are you holding your action to do anything? You have your action because you didn't maintain the spell. This guy? I believe it's a bonus action to do that, isn't it? So you still have your action. Go for it, make the attack roll. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. 14 points of damage. As you rush up, you watch as this squatter gnoll saunters out in the middle, points to the seeming leader of this cluster, and as it does, the soot and ash from the ground begins to affix itself around the inside of its armor, holding it in place for the moment. With the other hand holding the suddenly appearing barnacle-studded blade, you unleash this blast of eldritch energy that slams into the center of the armor. You watch as the energy courses through all of the crevices between the scales that are overlapping. As it fades, you watch as this bit of steam and blood come out of its mouth, and it turns right to you, its head turning, it spits a cluster. We'll get to that. That's your turn? Okay, it's his turn now. Now it-- (shrieks and growls) (laughter) First one is going to be a 21 to hit? And a 17 to hit. Both hit. All right. That is eight points of slashing damage on the first hit. Wham! As the large polearm-- the axe-like hooked blade at the end of it. You can see the same spines that are on its armor are affixed to the edge of it. As it slams down towards you, the armor bursts, this cold energy that-- how much damage does he take? Slick. Second strike? He rolled a one. That is going to be four points of slashing damage for the second strike. Nice. Oh! He does get back his Incite Rampage. At which point, he's going to go ahead and glance over towards the gnoll that is-- hmm. The grassy gnoll, yes. Thank you, Sam. All right, yeah. The only one that they can currently see that's in melee range at the moment, because the wall's there, is going to be the one next to Beau. Sincerely. So after it strikes you twice with the glaive, bits of ice shards spray off with each blow now affixing to the ash and the energy that's instilled this armor after you blasted it. It looks over to the one right in front of Beau and goes (growls and snarls) and it glances over its shoulder, and with renewed strength, pulls the spear free from your grasp and goes for another strike against you as a reaction. That is going to be a 19 to hit. 19. Two. That's going to be seven points of piercing damage. All righty, that's going to end his turn and the guards back here are going to come forward and-- They're both going to fire at the one on the rooftop. SAM, TRAVIS, and First one's a miss. Second one is a 16. That hits. It's an eight plus two so that's ten points of damage. Based on the Crown of Madness damage it took earlier, the spear's enough to finish it off. You watch as on the top, it goes and draws an arrow and pulls it back, looking down at you as you're down in the square. Then one of the guards pulls its crossbow and (shrieks) it stumbles back and falls dead on the ground. That ends that one, the other guard over there. They're going to go ahead and move up the side and step out now that it seems to be opening and is going to fire towards the skeletal gnoll that is currently in the process of harassing the image that as far as they're concerned is just Jester. It's going to be-- yeah, that hits. Without issue. Pulls out the heavy crossbow and fires and does 11 points of damage, which is enough to shatter the skeletal gnoll witherling. As it falls to the ground and breaks into a scattered pile of bone bits and dried gnoll flesh. That ends the guards' turn. Molly, you're up. It is prone, so I believe you have advantage against it. Yep! With each attack. Wisdom bonus is against undead creatures. It is not. There are undead creatures among the pack, but there are none there. It's just straight Rite damage. 13 unfortunately misses. The first strike-- As you swing down onto the ground, it scrambles about and pulls its shield up just in time. Your blade catches the edge, embeds itself an inch into its rear. You use your one blade to push the shield off to the side as it's still there, and trying to jam downward. Go for it. 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Nine points of damage. You manage to jam underneath and hit it in the chest. It shrieks with pain and pushes the blade out of its body with a sheer flexing of its muscle. It begins to try and get up off the ground. It's hurt, but it's still standing or about to be standing in a moment. You can move if you'd like to. It does get an attack of opportunity, but it has disadvantage on him. Onto the wall? You could. You get up onto the wall. Cool, that's fine. Molly, your turn is over. Jester, you're up. This way? As you rush out, it takes a swing attack of opportunity towards you. This is going to be with a club. It has a heavy wooden club and it makes a giant arc towards you as you speed away. That is 19 to hit. You can, yeah. All right. Well, first, the club hits you and you take five points of bludgeoning damage. As you turn around, you say that at him and unleash your Hellish Rebuke. He has to make a constitution saving throw, I believe it is, right? It has to make a constitution save-- No, that's dexterity saving throw, which it does not make. It's seven. So it suffers 2d10 cold damage. So how much did you deal? As you dart away, you release your fury and anger, and you watch as suddenly this blast of cold water and ice energy burst out of its body. The inside of its somewhat cavernous ribcage is now filled with frost crystals, jutting out and breaking parts of the ribs. It looks heavily damaged, but still standing. All righty. Yeah. Okay. All right. Go ahead and make your spell attack. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. What's up with the nines? It's getting ridiculous. Yep. All right. Guiding Bolt the next attack against it has advantage. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage for Spiritual Weapon. This is absurd, guys. This is absurd. All righty, does that end your turn? You're from over there, that's (counting) 20, you have ten more feet. You can get there. Oh, the brick wall. You'll get up onto it. It's considered rough terrain, so you technically can't get all the way on the other side. You climb up onto it. That finishes your turn. As you finish blasting with the Guiding Bolt, at the same time as it slams and sparkles you watch as the lollipop clubs down onto the back of its head. That ends your turn. Caleb, Nott, you're up. Go ahead and make the attack roll. It spins and hits the ground. You watch as ice crawls up the side of the building. I will say it does manage to put out part of the fire that is currently burning the building. As you move out, where are you at now? You dart out and fire, and then back. All righty. That ends your turn. Nott! There are currently three that are gathered around it and in the process of pushing it. They're getting momentum as it's going. Make a perception check. It will take your bonus action to do so. As you dig in and hang down, you watch as your hood and hair hangs upside down. You pull the crossbow down. The tension of the bolt is holding it in, thankfully, otherwise it would just fall from its upside down standpoint, and you fire! You can go ahead and make a strike. Technically you have two that you're in view of here, they both have three-quarters cover because of the nearby door and the angle. Yeah. Which one are you shooting? The skeletal one or the--? Okay, so that one. Go for it. 17 would hit if it didn't have three-quarters cover, which gives a plus five bonus to AC. Unfortunately, it's just the large part of the door frame in the way, there's Beau in the way, and there's a lot going on in that moment. As you go and fire it just zips past and slams into part of the now broken door that's coming off the hinges. All righty. Go ahead and make a stealth check. You get down low, but your hood and hair are now frizzed and poking out the side. That ends your turn, Nott. This one is going to rush forward, pursuing Jester. That one is going to attempt to continue to whale on Beau. That's going to be a 15 against Beau. Misses, you just duck out of the way as it tries to bite you and slam your elbow onto its snout, knocking it out of the way. Just holding on, holding off in this doorway. The one that runs up towards you is going to attempt to hit you again with a club. That is going to be a 19. Again. Oh that's a d4, sorry. That's six points of bludgeoning damage. Whack! As the club hits you in the back of the head as you're just climbing over the top of the wall. You have to catch yourself from tumbling face first into the dirt on the other side. You manage to catch your footing on top of the wall. But it's now up, and in combat with both you and the guard from earlier. That ends their turn. Top of the round, Beau, you're up. The skeletal one? There's a skeletal one, and there's the one that's been fighting you this whole time. The skeletal one hasn't been damaged yet, but it looks a little more fragile. The one that got shot by Nott earlier still has the big-- Go for it. Do the attack. That hits. Doesn't have as strong an armor class as the other one. Eight points of damage. That one's already been damaged previously. As you bring the staff down with both hands, whack, you slam right through the center of its chest and clavicle. You watch as the torso breaks and folds from the weight of the blow. The skull tumbles off and hits the ground, and it falls into a pile of bones and rags. Go for it. Single attack? All right, so this is your third ki point? Right, because you did the-- No, because you did flurry earlier, didn't you? No, a Flurry of Blows, I thought. You did the dodge action, as an action, which doesn't take any ki points. You spent one doing a Flurry of Blows earlier. This is your third one. I'm sorry, that's what I was asking, my confusion. Cool, so go for it. Ten against him? Nope. As you kick both feet forward, one hits and skims off the shoulder. The other? 15 just hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Seven points of damage? All righty, based on the damage that you had sustained earlier and the blows from earlier, as you strike him with the other foot, you snap the side of his jaw, which breaks out. As he stumbles backward, you take the back of the staff and crack up underneath the jaw, snapping the neck the rest of the way, and it falls to the ground, no longer moving. You still have your movement. With that, this gnoll is going to stand up. Molly's on the wall. It's okay. Stands up. That's more because these walls are not the most sturdy. There you go. Stands up to you. This one is going to step forward into the way. This one is going to join in there. Those three now in visual range. These two are both going to take shots at Jester. This one's going to take a shot at Fjord. Two longbows aiming in your direction. That's a 20 and a natural one. The second one misses. You suffer eight points of piercing damage as the arrow sinks right into your torso, right in the stomach area, and pierces through. You catch it with your hand, but it's still a few inches into your actual midsection. Then there's the one over here that turned around and sees you now engaging with the current pack leader. That's a 15. That's going to be six points of piercing damage. This one now slams into the side of your knee, and hits the meaty part, so thankfully it's not locked in the bone or any of the joint, but it hits you in the side and you buckle to that side from the pain. This guy over here is going to leap down and begin helping push the cart. With that, the cart pushes another full 40 feet and is currently off of the board. Let me mark it over here. That finishes the gnolls' turn there. Oh, there's the one that's attacking Molly. It's going to take its spear and attempt to two-hand strike at you. That is cocked. 13 to hit, which I don't think hits. You, on the wall, dance off the way, leap as it goes up. All right, and I believe that's all the gnolls immediately in the vicinity that are in combat. That ends the gnolls' turn. Fjord, you're up. You're still within his attack range, because he has the glaive. You do have disadvantage on Eldritch Blast. Right there? You pull back to the corner there. As you pull back, he takes a step forward and reaches out with the glaive to try and strike you. Nope. That is a 23 to hit. That is going to be ten points of slashing damage. As you back away, arcs downward. 13 does not hit. Now that it's seen the Blast, after it strikes and grins you hear this (hyena chuckle) under its breath. You turn around and go to strike out with the Eldritch Blast, and it pulls one of the other gnolls nearby and yanks it in front of him, just as the shield takes it off, then sets him back in place. Deflects it with its own guy. You don't have to spend a bonus action, you just drop it. Pulling back from the fire, yeah, you can get just around that corner. The guard lets you by. That ends your turn. The leader at this point makes this loud gibbering sound that echoes throughout the alley, turns, and runs off to pursue the cart. That ends his turn. The guards now, who have notched their crossbows again, are going to take shots at both of those guys right there. Fucking two. That does hit. The other one gets hit. Molly, you're up. You do not. He is not prone anymore, unfortunately. Ten does not hit, unfortunately. 23 will hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Radiant? All right. The first one, you swing and it ducks out of the way, and attempts to strike upward with its spear. As you do, you knock it to the side, with the scimitar that missed, and with your other hand, strike down right across its face. You arc through and you actually carve one of the eyes in twain. You see a large red mark where you've split part of its face, and it's hurt really bad, but it's still standing. There's gore dripping out of the socket where its ruined eye sits. (snarls) You can do that without a problem. You leapfrog off of him, grab his shoulders, and land behind him, scimitars at the ready. Okay, ending Molly's turn. Jester, you're up. The guards already went. Oh, she didn't fire. Sorry, thank you for reminding me about that. The other guards did go, she did not-- They did not. They throw their crossbow to the ground and pull out a morningstar, and does a sideswipe towards this-- That is a 19. We'll say that straight up hits. That does five plus eight points of damage to that one. I don't think you've damaged that one yet, right? That's right, you did! That was the wrong one. All right, with that, they swing backwards with the mace and hit the side of the skeletal head, which shatters immediately upon impact, ruining its form, and is no longer part of the battle. You are. You tumble that way. All righty. Jester, your turn. From what you can tell, nope. Go for it. As it swings in the air and spins, they both take one step back and it hits the dirt, and they both look at each other, and (chuckles). There you go. All righty. That ends Jester's turn. Caleb, Nott, you're up. Yes, over here. That one's probably the easiest to see right now. That definitely hits. As it bursts into it, you see the fur burn and singe and (whimpers) pats it out and the flames subside, you see it's charred and burnt, and you see the flesh is cracked and blackened. It's injured, but it's standing. That ends your turn. Nott? You can see those down there. The one just got blasted with the familiar fiery explosion of Caleb's Chromatic Orb. The other is untouched. Wisdom saving throw? That is a natural 11. What is your spell DC? 13. All right. Did you shoot the one who was blasted with the fire or the one that was untouched? You watch as the one that was currently untouched that was drawing another arrow glances up and hears, and goes, (uncontrollable laughter) and falls to the ground. (manic laughter) Laughing this horrible hyena chuckle, and it's billowing out into the street, clutching its stomach and dropping its weapons to the side and just rolling on the ground. Its friend next to it is like, huh? Looks up and sees you. Go for it. Okay. That ends your turn. There are no more of the undead types, so they're off the thing. Beau, you're up. That's five feet of movement. As soon as he glances over to the side, he looks back just as you're already in his face. 24, that'll definitely hit. Roll damage. 11 points of damage. Whack! You watch as about five or six gnoll teeth go flying from the impact, the jaw quivers as spittle and blood goes careening off the side of the impact. It falls and stumbles, if you want to follow it up. Go for it. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. Right, so it's a d4 for this one, but we're using the staff for a flourish. Eight points of damage. Wham! As you bring it down over the top of the head, it falls and gets up, it's dazed and beaten within an inch of its life, it's ready to go. It's barely standing at this point, one eye is lolling around and trying to find, and the other one is swollen shut now and can't actually see anything. It's in a bad place. Okay. That ends your turn, Beau. The guy on the ground is just laughing his ass off. At the end of its turn, it's going to try and make a saving throw. No, that is a two. It is still laughing on the ground. This one, seeing the rest of its allies run, turns around and is just going to run. This one, seeing another one flee, is going to attempt to try and flee after. You get an attack of opportunity. You do not. That hits, roll damage. Yes. You knock and crush him to the floor. As he tries to run, you whack and hit him, and you watch him take a few steps and skid and fall onto the ground, and he's not moving. The one over here, who is not currently in the process of knowing that everyone else is fleeing, because he's been stuck over here, is going to try to take a spear attack at you, Molly. Which is good, because he rolled a natural 20 on the first roll. Disadvantage, that brings him to a 15. So it just hits you. Eight points of piercing damage. Its eyes go dark and it pulls back, and still it seems its sense of smell can still find your placement in the vicinity, and as you pull out of the way, it still manages to find you. The spear pierces right around where the hip is, and you pull back, gritting your teeth. That's going to end its go. Yep. All right, it has disadvantage against it because it's prone. 11. As it's rolling around on the ground, it's difficult to find a proper shot, and you fire, and it hits the dirt next to it, sending a bit of dust over it. It stops laughing for a second as the dust-- He laughs even harder at the actual dust. That ends your turn. All right. The guards go. The leader continues to run, and is now disappearing into the smoke and ash. You don't have a visual on the cart at the moment, it's now pressed into where a lot of the fire is, and it's obscuring their escape. These guards are going to move forward as they load their crossbows, and they're both-- actually, because he's on the ground laughing, you're coming out on the roof, they're going to turn and fire at the one that's in front of Molly. It does have three-quarters cover because of the wall. They're trying to help you out. Hits the wall and deflects. That does hit! That is a 21, actually, so that does, even with the bonus to armor class from the three-quarters cover, it still hits. With that, as it's there in front of you with its spear, after stabbing you, it pulls back and one crossbow bolt out of its forehead. Its jaw goes slack and falls to the ground, dead. Well, there's still one left on the ground, which we'll say for the purposes of narrative here, who wants to do this? Well, when we come back around, it would be Molly's turn, Jester, then Caleb and Nott. So whatever you guys want to do in this moment before it comes back, let me know. Make an acrobatics check. You jump off the side and you land, you do suffer four points of bludgeoning damage as you hit the ground and your feet buckle, and you actually slam and your face hits the dirt, but you use your momentum to scurry back up, and beginning to move forward, you get-- and if you're using the rest of your-- I need you to make a concentration check, by the way. Make a constitution saving throw, because you did take-- Yeah, so you maintain control over the Hideous Laughter. Okay. You rush into the cloud of ash after them, and you begin to see some of the shapes ahead of you of the gnolls there, pushing the cart. You're still behind them by about 30 or so feet, and right as you rush forward, darting in, the heat from the embers entering your lungs burn, and you put your mask over to block and help filter a bit, with the cloth and bandages, and right as you rush forward, you see the back of the heavy armored leader, that's bringing up the rear of where the cart is, and he turns and sees you. As soon as you finish your movement, it spins and looks in your vicinity, to see that you're alone. Takes his glaive. And closes the distance with a giant downward swing. At this point? The narrative timing on this. Well, Nott's after you. All right, cool. All right, well let's roll it back a little bit here and see how this helps you. All right, cool. So. No, it's fine. So Jester, Molly, what are you guys doing? Okay. As you sprint off, with a full dash, you don't quite get as close as Nott does. Because Nott is much faster. No. It's not really a spider sense. You're about that far back, I would say. Go for it. It's a melee spell attack, correct? You have advantage on it because he's currently incapacitated. Oh my god. So roll the dice. As he's laughing, your image walks up with a skip, bends down and touches him, and he suddenly withers into this completely dried-out husk of what the gnoll once was, the life force drawn and cast out of his body. He stops laughing, and the body falls like a mummy to the ground. All right, finishing those turns, back to the top of the round. That ends your turn. Beau, your turn. Okay. You manage to catch up right around basically where Molly is there. Do you have a ki point left? If you wanted to use your-- There's cloud and ash, embers pushing into the atmosphere now, the nearby building are actually in flames and engulfed on the side here. That was a double movement to get to there. As you and Molly are 15, 20 feet from each other, and ahead you can see the shape of Nott, and you can see the leader of them. You can now see from nearby buildings that about ten other gnolls are all gathering around the cart and they're all leaving. They're all carrying giant sacks on their back, dragging bodies and corpses behind them. Yeah. This wasn't the only gnolls that attacked the city. Finishing Beau's turn, it comes back to Fjord. The rest of the gnolls continue pushing the cart. A few join them, giving it momentum. About six more of them begin stepping up, flanking the leader, who's now staring at the three of you. That ends Fjord's turn. The leader sees the three of you there, puts the glaive away with one hand, turns around as he draws his longbow and fires an arrow right at you. That is a 17 to hit? That is eight points of piercing damage. The arrow strikes Nott in the chest, who falls unconscious onto the ground, the ash and embers starting to spill over her unconscious body. With that-- because I believe-- yeah, it can make two attacks with its longbow. He's going to make a second strike now. This one's going to be at-- I'm going to make it-- He can't decide at the moment. This'll be a four, Molly. That is a natural 20. (groaning) He rolled a nine on a d10. And it's a crit. Molly goes down. With his movement, he puts the bow back away and keeps walking with the rest of the gnolls. You watch as all of them turn around and they all begin to gather. You hear this cacophony of different gibbering cries in the distance as they're all starting to call themselves back to leave the city. They all step into the clouds of smoke and ash in the distance before eventually all the shapes disappear. Okay, make a survival check in this moment. It is dark. Okay. It's hard to tell with all the smoke, you can't see the moon, you can't see the placement of the sky, but you make a note of which direction they're traveling based on the street. Those who are both on the ground as Beau continues doing this, you guys begin to rush up and you see both Molly and Nott on the ground. That immediate first breath is filled with pain, both from the wounds you've sustained and the immediate influx of burning ash that sweeps into your lungs. Both of you come to consciousness. As you guys begin to regather your troops, more of the crownsguard that you see have been battling and have been partially wounded by a lot of the other gnolls are beginning to gather their dead, beginning to try and put out what fires they can and acknowledge which buildings can't be saved. As you begin to take what remains of your energy to do so, we're going to go ahead and take a break. We're going to take a break here, and we'll have a little denouement to this episode tonight. But before I leave, we have another contest tonight. Our friends at Wyrmwood actually have a pretty cool giveaway tonight. As part of their new Kickstarter, they have this all-inclusive package here, which is both a dice box, with a leather base, and on the inside here an all-inclusive package for your dice. No, they just started producing them. These are walnut Adventurer's Arsenal kits, and we're giving away two of them. The keyword tonight is map, M-A-P, based off last week's episode, thank you Deven. During the break in Twitch chat only, come in there and when you're prompted go ahead and enter the keyword, map, into the chat only once. More than once and you will be disqualified. Two of you will be chosen during the break, and we'll come back to see who wins that. See you guys here in a few minutes. [break] Yeah, no worries. Unfortunately, for the three skeletal ones you only manage to get one full ear. You did. We'll say for that, for those who would've been destroyed or damaged, let me go ahead and roll and see how many ears you're able to pull off of those bodies. You manage to pull up about 12 ears intact between all the fallen bodies. Some you killed, some maybe you didn't. You came across the body elsewhere in the square and just took the ear. Other guards are collecting them as they go and there are a couple moments where someone was going for an orc-- or a gnoll that you had killed and you went to the guard and went, nuh-uh, and they backed off. But anyway, the soldier head that was speaking with you extends a hand and they say, "I "am Watchmaster Bryce Feelid, assigned here to Alfield, now in my fourth year. Thank you." "Watchmaster Bryce Feelid." "We've encountered them before, yes, in smaller hunting packs, maybe a half-dozen at a "time, usually on the outskirts. They don't come to civilization like this. It's generally too "dangerous for them, in the smaller numbers they travel. What the fuck are they after?" "I've maybe crossed one or two as part of the roving packs, it's not terribly uncommon." "I have no idea. I don't know the ins and outs of their creepy bestial lifestyle. I mean, "what--" And you watch as they sit down for a second, leaning against the wall, thinking and scratching at their chin, "Word came of a small hunting party of these beasts spotted to the "south, so we sent a small troupe to slay them naught but two hours before they struck here. We had sent "more than half of our men's strength to go and deal with them, so we were unprepared and, at the "time, unguarded for the most part. We were caught at half strength. It can't be a coincidence. They "must be desperate to assault head-on like this. There's plenty of small game in the "surrounding wood and they're known to be provoked to violence, but I've only heard of gnolls picking "off the outlying folk, those that wander too far from the fields." "They eat what flesh they can get a hold of, but we went through a number of the buildings and "they've ransacked two of the inns. They completely took the entire butcher's stock. They've carved "the city of whatever meats, fresh or dried, we had." "Word came from some of our crownsguard who were running a patrol." "Not that I can think of. For the most part, this far south, other than a few run-ins here and "there, they aren't-- conflicts of this size don't make it past Bladegarden." "It's where most of them-- It's where most of the Empire's military and guard are trained and "then sent out throughout the rest of the valley. That's a lot of meat that they've acquired from "us, and they've lost many, I thought, of their kin in this battle as well." "Or what's making them so hungry?" "I've sent three of our scouts to try and find out where they went, track wherever they're "taking their spoils. Reports come in that most of the bodies they took were dead, perhaps not all. "We have to do our best to at least recover any survivors, wipe out what remains, and prevent this "from ever happening again." "I'm going to look into that, actually. I'm sorry, I'm still gathering my thoughts." Okay, so you charge out to the far city and you do find W.C., still affixed to the cart, currently chewing on a small bag of oats where one of the families of villagers who fled have come back and begun to feed him. To the rest of you, Bryce says, "Well, as rash as it was said-- and our coffers are not as "strong as they could be, I will request more of a monetary influx up north-- for the ears you have "taken you will be paid. Any more that you find, those will be paid as well." "Well, I would normally put you up in the Candleglow Inn but--" They gesture over towards the large building that you had walked through that's now currently-- "That is ironic now that you point it out." "Let's just not let Thadeus know that his life is--" I will say if you take 30 minutes to find good pieces of charcoal, and roll an investigation check. All right, you manage to reduce the cost of you next Find Familiar spell by three gold pieces. From the hopes and dreams of Alfield. So Bryce looks at you. "I can have you put up at the "Feed and Mead tavern." "Feed and Mead tavern. It's not the most comfortable place, but it'll do." "I did not name it, but pass it on to Crute, the owner." "Tell him that Bryce sent you and you are being put up by the Crown for as long as you are "hunting these creatures." "Of course. Well." They reach into a pouch and begin to count out the gold for the number of ears you've collected. With twelve ears-- Mm-hmm. After bringing the ears forward, they glance over. "Actually, I'll be right back. I may need to "acquire a bit more change." And after a brief wait, Bryce returns and you are paid the full amount. So 360 gold at your disposal. Bryce says, "We hope to hear back in the morning of our scouts' findings. If you wish to, "if you can hunt whatever remains of these creatures and bring back proof that they've been "wiped out, I'll see what I can have sent southward of Zadash to make it worth your while." "I don't mean to be brusque, but at the moment I think we have a number of our guard who "are in more desperate need." "I'm sure that would be appreciated. For the moment, you all look about as battered as I feel. Rest "up, come--" Let's see, they would be at-- "Meet me outside of the Broad Barn." "The Broad Barn." Barn. Broad Barn. They point it out to you, it's on the western side of the town. "There, we'll make sure "you get the basic supplies necessary. Hopefully, we'll have information on where to go, and if you "so choose, we could conscribe you to be under our intent to destroy these creatures. Think on it, "rest, we'll speak in the morning." Bryce turns around and limps off with a few of the other crownsguard. As you guys eventually find your way to the Feed and Mead, you are immediately met by Crute, who is this ornery, salty-looking dwarf of tousled white-gray hair, this single tuft of a beard that dangles down towards the belly button before it hits a ring of gold, goes, "Oh, so I've "been told you're the ones who were coming to sleep. Got one of our two rooms for you." He never quite makes eye contact with you. He's looking at your shoulder, or right above your face. "Come, I'll show you." Turns around and leads you to your space. There are four beds jammed in here. It's like a youth hostel-type living situation here, but it's functional. They are pretty much as twin bed as you can get. MARISHA and You can go ask. Okay. You come downstairs and there's nobody inside, this is not a tavern night for a lot of people. "Right, can I help you?" "Smoke we don't have. But drink, that I can give you." "Interesting, you say. Heh." Takes out a bottle, looks like a deep green glass, and uncorks it. Takes a small shot glass that has a bulbous bottom, pours it to the very top with this liquid that looks a deep sea-teal green, and slides it forward. "Well, depends on how much you like to dream." "For that, and for what I heard you did, it's on the house." "For the night. You want more, you're paying top-shelf price." "For that drink there, that would run you about three silver." "Not going to complain." "Right, right, of course." It has a very smoky, oak-barrel flavor to it at first as it hits your tongue and then it burns into this very medicinal, herbal, almost anise mixed with burnt charcoal. Okay. As you all slowly come to rest, exhausted, sore, beaten, trying to fall asleep to the distant muffled sound of shouts and wailing in the streets-- LAURA and You find yourself to rest, preparing for what the morning may hold, and that's where we're going to pick up for next week's session. That was some Jackie Chan shit. You were in the doorway, dodging everything. Gif that. Waste not, want not. That's my wife, ladies and gentlemen. Thank you guys so much. Thank you guys for watching. Thank you, D&D Beyond, I'm learning more and more about the app and I'm enjoying it, thank you for supporting the show. Thank you all for joining us tonight, we'll see you next week, and is it Thursday yet?