Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. (cheering) Their sixth Kickstarter. Well done, buddy. Thank you, Sam. And thank you, D&D Beyond. Storro lives on in our hearts. Hopefully only in our hearts. A few other updates. One we have the standard editions of Vox Machina Origins are still available at Geek & Sundry and the Alpha online shops. The special editions are gone. So you can find details at critrole.com. Talks Machina is our after-show every Tuesday, and this episode's episode will be next Tuesday at 700 pm Pacific time, where a number of members of our cast will be talking with our fantastic Cabbage Master, Brian W. Foster, to discuss the events of tonight's evening's episode. We'll have giveaway prizes for Gif and Fanart of the Week. Make sure that you submit them to submit@talksmachina.com. Currently only U.S and Canada, excluding Quebec, are eligible to enter and win because of dumb rules. Also a reminder that Twitch Prime allows you, if you have your Amazon Prime account, to attach with your Twitch account to subscribe to a channel for free on Twitch once a month. If you can, do so. It's free. And that is it, and that's all; short announcements tonight. There will be tears at break. Thank you guys so much, oh my god. No, we're good. And on that note, let's bring us into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] If I recall, you guys had taken a long rest after your previous battle, so now it's mid-morning, I'd say. What is your marching order, if I could ask? All righty. Who's in the lead, guys? TALIESIN and All right. Nott? And Kiri will stay with Jester. And Frumpkin? Got it. Fjord, does that mean you're leading through? Who's responsible for navigating? Make a survival check, please. Very good! You follow the pearl-handled daggers along the treeline until eventually, you break southward to the northern side of the Ounterloch. You continue to follow it southwestward from your current position, curving around the outside of the lake. Eventually, you make your way back to the treeline where you were before. At one point, there's a faint shift in the greenery-- looks like a vine maybe has moved-- and you, recognizing the placement of it, manage to stop Fjord from stepping into it. As you pull him back, you guys watch as there is now a cluster of vines at the base of one of these trees, and what looks like thorns on them, appear to be jagged and in rows-- You don't know. You saw a patch of vines that were tangled at the base of one of these trees that you managed to stop Fjord before stepping into the area. Make a nature check. Make a perception check. You don't see anybody responsible for that. All right, make an investigation check. Does not appear to be trapped. There are no other cables or lines, you don't see any signs of anything else either holding any tautness to it. They seem slack. As you look at them, they're just centered there at the base. They either might be coming out from under the tree or part of a plant network right there. As soon as you hear Beau's words, "It's good jerky!", you watch as the vines suddenly wrap around where it was and begin to coalesce and twist around it. You watch as they tighten and tear and hold there. Then they begin to slowly shift in your direction. The vines-- (moving noises) It's not very quick. You watch as this poor cluster of jagged vines, different than the man-trap you'd encountered before, slowly circle around and eventually give up after you guys very easily make your distance. Doesn't seem to have much interest in them, unfortunately. Pressing on, you're heading back to Berleben, or are you searching for this hollow you found before? Make another survival check for me, please. You have firm memory of directions. You know which direction you're traveling, and you have-- Yeah. You don't have the ability to suddenly know where everything is that you've been. You have a good sense of it, and you can guide better than most, given most circumstances. But you also have not grown up in a swamp, and after a while, the pattern recognition begins to fade a bit and you discover, after you've been circling for a bit, stumbling upon your own footfalls, you've lost about two hours of travel in the middle of the swamp. LAURA and Knowing that, you do take knowledge of the current source of sunlight above the canopy. Following that, heading in the western direction from where you were, eventually you come across that similar sound distant chimes. So are you all staying back? How far back are you staying? Here, this will make it easy to establish the scenario. There is the hollow, with the central tree there. You guys are coming this direction, so north would be that direction. You guys are heading this way. Where would you guys like to be placed? It's normal ground where it's green and then rough terrain where it's water. Kiri has her dagger out and is currently-- There? There you go. As you're preparing yourself, Kiri looks over to you with a big smile with the dagger out and goes (as Jester), "I don't know if it's smart." Roll your stealth with advantage, Nott, as you come up along the side. It's not plus ten. All right. As quietly as you can, you turn around the corner, walk this little swampy land bridge, dipping down to about your waist in swamp water, but in a very slow, steady path, begin to emerge, your foot finding the roots at the base of this large, now hollowed tree. You turn around the corner-- That's true, you do actually. So you (tip tap) across it. The softest ninja run you've ever seen. You can almost hear Dance of the Sugar Plum Fairies as you go. Glancing inside, you do see currently in the process of chewing something. You hear a crunching sound, and then a slurping sound, and then some subtle (eating noises). Do you want to hold actions when it comes to it? Essentially it would be a surprise round, so you wouldn't have to worry about holding necessarily. He doesn't seem to know you're there. Do you have flint and steel in your equipment? Nott scoots back around the corner. As you guys are all waiting patiently, It's about that long. Make an intelligence check, actually. 11? You have some understanding of basic alchemy; you know probably the way this is treated it won't burn super fast. You're not sure. You could have anywhere between 24 to six seconds once lit. Wait, so where are you, then? Okay, so you move over. Both swords ignited. So you move over here with Yasha, then? Okay, there's now this floating piece of dynamite just kind of gliding over the swamp. You hear the insects buzzing and various dragonflies making their way through. So you have it now floating in front of you, Yasha. It's going! Okay. You get right around this corner. Make another stealth check as you've now dilly-dallied around for a bit. Okay. No idea you're there. But there is a faint (hissing) sound and from the inside you see the shifting movement of the large hulking troll beast on the inside of the hollow kind of pause for a second in the middle of chewing. Silence. If I could get a pair of scissors, please. Well yeah, you blew it apart! (laughter, cheering) Okay, so first off-- Disadvantage on its dexterity saving throw; fails. Go ahead and roll 2d6 for me please. A concussive blast blows apart the hollow. You see pieces of shrapnel go flying in every direction. The only one who is not currently protected is you, Nott. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, please. Well, not from the blast. This is from the shrapnel of the tree hollow that has exploded outwards in all directions. You're far enough away where I don't think it would get to you. That's okay. You take half damage. You take three points of bludgeoning damage from pieces of wood flying in your direction. The troll is, however, knocked prone. (cheering) From a distance, yeah. However, I need everyone to roll initiative. He's aware that you guys are there now. We'll say, for the purposes of this, I'll give you each one action to do something. 25 to 20? A natural 20 on his-- Sorry, Caleb was? And Nott, was it? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? Ten to five? What you got, Fjord? I think this is a surprise round. The troll cannot act this turn. We'll just let it go that way, because he'd be going up with you, Caleb, on the same turn. He's on the ground, dazed and stunned. What are you doing? 22 points of fire damage. Nice. The bolt impacts, the flame curls across his now currently black, blasted chest and back area. The flames, as you noticed in a previous battle, has prevented its regeneration. From the battles you've had and from watching the previous strike, you now notice the impact, and as the time progresses over the next round, the wounds are not knitting themselves back together. So, that finishes your turn. Are you going to move? Finishing Caleb's go. Nott, you're up. You have disadvantage because he's currently prone. I just wanted to see if you rolled lower. Good to know. First shot misses. I'm letting you guys have a full surprise round, because technically he's dazed. 13 does not hit. It manages to ricochet off of the outer parts of its hide. Even though it's burnt and scarred, it's still thick. You watch as the bolt reflects off it. Molly, you're up and then Beau. Spell DC on that is charisma-based, so it's a ten, correct? All of your racial abilities are charisma-based. That is a 12, so it does not succeed. No, sorry, I mean-- Meaning your ability does not succeed. That's your action. You still have 25 feet of movement if you want do anything. Perfect. That finishes Molly's turn. Beau, you're up. Keeping on the green, you can get about there, and he is within 20 feet of you. You have disadvantage on the attacks, because he's prone. 19 hits! 14 misses, unfortunately, but the first strike does hit. Four points of damage to the troll. As you throw it, you watch as it splinters off of its body and there is a splash of poisonous toxin. All right, you go into your defensive stance, preparing for any sort of assault towards you. Yasha, you're up. No, you didn't. If you want to, yeah. All right, there you go. Yasha. It's up to you. If you don't move, you don't get to move later until your next turn. So if you're going to move, do it now, and then hold your action for whatever trigger you want. Over here? And you're holding an attack? Okay, you are readying an attack, for what? What's the trigger? Comes within range? Got it. Okay, that finishes Yasha's turn. Jester, you're up. Right above it! All right, roll for your attack. Correct. Technically it's at advantage, because it is prone. I imagine it's considered a melee attack. TALIESIN and That definitely hits, roll damage on that. 12 points of damage as the lollipop (whack) slams down onto its body. It rears back. This awkward, sickly looking creature being bashed by beautiful, glistening, divine lollipop. It's a unique visual. You mean you used your bonus action for the Spirit, and your action for the-- Wisdom or constitution? Wisdom, all right. That is a four. Yeah it is! Apparently. All righty, that ends Jester's go. All righty, Fjord, you're up. All righty, strength checks are denied onto him for disadvantage. Go for it, both at disadvantage. Misses over top. That does hit, roll damage. A d6 from your Hex, don't forget that. 11, technically. No, he's all right. I mean, he looks hurt. Top of the round, Caleb and the troll going at the same time. Because you are going at the same time with the enemy, roll a dexterity check. Roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier. He's going before you. Gets up in its space, that's half his movement. (counting) 15. It's going to use an action to dash forward in front of you. SAM AND You know what? He's not. He's going to stay there, and instead he's going to go ahead and use his venom spray. It lumbers forward, it's darkened, with angry, blasted soot and flame scars, it rumbles toward you, its strange bulbous midsection wobbling as it steps through the swamp towards you. It looks like an even more swollen Meg Mucklebones from Legend. Reaches up with its claw and tears a giant wound across its chest. As it does, dark green venomous liquid sprays out in a 15-foot cube in front of it, hitting both of you. I need you both to make a constitution saving throw, please. It takes seven points of damage from its own claw. Okay, you just make it. The DC was 16. That is exactly what you needed. 18 points of poison damage to you, Yasha, and you are poisoned for one minute. SAM and You take nine points of poison damage, Beau, and you are not poisoned. Yep. At the end of each turn, you can repeat the saving throw to try and get rid of the poison, so that's going to end its turn. Next, Caleb. Right there? What level? Three missiles. 3d4 plus three, go ahead and roll that up. Nott, you're up next. Finishing that, Caleb, your turn's over. Nott, what are you doing? Nope. That does miss, unfortunately. Each Magic Missile, the spray is still jumping off of its body in these very proximity-based sprays of terrible toxin. So yeah, it's still happening. Are you only making the one attack? Over here? As you're rushing past. Correct. Six points of damage to it. As the bolt sticks in the back, you watch as one of its bulbous pustules sprays venom behind it, impacting nothing in its proximity. Between five and ten feet, you're not entirely certain from your visible standpoint, because you're kneeling behind a tree with partial cover. That finishes Nott's turn. Molly, you're up. Then Beau, you're on deck. 30 feet. In order to make it with your distance, you're going to have to leap across that bit of open swamp water. That'll be the rest of your movement. You'll be right there and that'll be the end of your movement. Okay, make an athletics check. (counting) You trip and fall down to your knees in the water. 20, 25, and that's about as far as you can move on this turn. You can use an action to dash if you want. Okay, you're holding your attack? Got it. Okay. Does that end your turn? Beau, you're up. Your first attempt to spray it, it dissipates in front of you. You can't throw it 15 feet to land on his body. You have to throw the actual-- All right. Roll a d20 plus your dexterity modifier. It sees it coming towards it and (whooshing) past its head, and you hear it (shattering) somewhere in the distance. You glance past it, and there's a pile of skulls and bones that were previously charred from the impact that currently now are doused in oil. How much, full movement? All right. That ends Beau's turn. End of Beau. Yasha, you're up. You can. Sure, I'll let you do that. Yeah. You, who are still holding your tinder box from lighting the dynamite earlier, pull out your pack, pull out a torch, and it begins to burn. Roll a d20; add your dexterity modifier. It does! You see behind, a pile of freshly dampened, oil-covered skulls burns like a nice little bonfire behind him. It looks at it, and looks back at you about as incredulously as a troll can, like-- I should have actually rolled at disadvantage on that, but it would have been the same. You do, at the end of your turn. Make a constitution saving throw. You manage to shrug off the poison. Good. All right, that ends Yasha's turn. Jester, you're up. 14 just misses. It strikes across its shoulder but glances off and slams into the wet, sickening swamp floor with a (sucking) sound. It has to pull itself out by wedging back and forth. Oh shit. All right. Roll your attack. You watch as behind, (booming). A tree blasts back from the Guiding Bolt, slamming into already rotted roots, needed that one final nudge, and the tree behind uproots itself and falls. All right. That ends Jester's turn. Fjord, you're up. Go for it. Level one? What level you have to. 16 does hit. Plus a d6 because it has Hex on it. 20 points of damage. I'm putting this on there for Witch Bolt, so if you wanted to use your action again, you can continue to hit it every turn for a d12 automatically. Now you see, as Fjord steps around the corner and releases this arcing bolt of purplish-black energy, this lightning arcs off and slams into the troll. The energy continues to swirl around it. It tries to stop it and grasp for it to no effect. There's this strange thread of faintly visible energy between it and Fjord right now. There's some sort of connection between the two of them. All right, that ends your turn, Fjord? The troll's going to go first because it rolled higher than Caleb. Immediately, it turns-- No. It's real angry at him because it just got Hexed, Blasted, and then Bolted. It's going to bypass the shiny swords right there. It does. You were holding your action, so you get two attacks, yeah. That does hit. Ten points of damage, as you strike it with one blade and miss with another. Immediately, as you strike across it with your blade, the venom splashes into your face. You suffer 13 points of poison damage, and then it moves out of your combat range. You can still take your reaction if you wanted to. Yep. It does not appear to be undead. So it's 2d6 plus, and then double whatever you roll. Yeah, if you wanted to do it that way. As you carve past, with a third, final swing towards it, you cut through a portion of muscle and tendon on its arm there, which immediately slips, dull to one side, unmoving. The spray splashes back in your face for only five points of poison damage. And it's coming into you. As soon as that arm goes limp, the muscle reconnects and the arm comes back with strength, angrily. It's going to swing. It's going to take a bite and two claw attacks against you. You can't. You already used your reaction to attack him. Sorry, buddy. For its bite attack against you, its jaws open, Fjord. That is going to be a 26. You take ten points of piercing damage, plus six points of poison damage, and you are poisoned until the start of its next turn, as the venom courses through your veins. Its teeth and giant tusks dug into the front of your shoulder and chest. The pain is strong, but it's holding you fast. From there, like a clawed wolverine, it begins to rake at your chest with its claws on each side. The first one's going to be a 16 to hit. Right, because you have your shield out. The shield blocks one of the claws. The other one attempts to reach behind it to get to your body. That's going to be a 19. With the other claw strike-- No. He is not. That is nine plus four. 13 points of slashing damage. And another three points of poison damage. That's going to end its turn. LAURA and Caleb, you're up. Wisdom save? That is a 14 minus one. 13, no. Half movement, he can only make a single attack on its turn. I need you to make two concentration checks, by the way. Your Hex would be gone, technically. Which is my fault. Hex is gone, and make constitution saving throws to see if you're maintaining your Witch Bolt. All righty. Good on you. I assumed as much. Okay. Correct. All right. Caleb, that finish your turn? Nott, you're up. It is. All righty, you move (counting) 30, there you go. That hits. Roll damage. It's hurt real bad now. 17 points of damage. And splash! Fjord, you take nine points of poison damage right into your face as the bolt slashes through. It's holding on, barely. It's right there, angrily making a last stand. Okay, roll damage. Six points, still alive. Fjord, you take another 13 points of poison damage. It's standing, heavily breathing like (panting). You do! You're about to go-- (straining). The orc comes to. The blood of the half-orc kicks in, and you stand there angrily in its face. All righty, that finishes Nott's turn. Molly, you're up. You're up to your waist in swamp water, looking up at it. 20, that hits. How do you want to do this? As you stab through its body, it tries to spin and you watch this strange tensing of its abdominal muscles and its weird bulbous stomach suddenly bursts out in front of you, Fjord. Yeah, you take ten points of poison damage. It looked almost like Molly killed them both. Fjord is currently unconscious on the ground, guys. What are you doing? As far as you know. You don't know. Okay, so roll a constitution saving throw to resist it. 20. So you watch as, where the snake is, the blood bursts and the green venom that's currently coursing through the wounds in Fjord's unconscious body suddenly (sucking noise) siphons out, hovers in the air for a moment, as Mollymauk is holding his hand. And then the poison drops to the ground and disseminates into the swamp. What are you guys doing? Fjord is still unconscious. The poison's gone but he's-- Make a perception check. You guys begin to make your way over to the-- Kiri begins to run around, joining over here in the swamp area. (like Jester) "It's poisonous." You're looking down at it and watching as parts of the wounds are still tethering together. It hasn't come back to your turn yet, unfortunately. Its turn's before that. You watch as it suddenly comes up from the ground, pulling itself from the swamp, now conscious once more. And it's going to take another heavy swing towards Fjord. With advantage, because you're prone. That's going to be 20 to hit. That's going to be seven points of piercing damage, and two points of poison. Fjord falls unconscious once more. Well, it comes back around to the next turn. As soon as it comes back, it heals ten hit points back up. So it came to consciousness. Just enough movement to get up from prone, knock Fjord down. It's going to make another swipe at Fjord. No, it can't! It's still Slowed, yeah. Oh man. And it had a third attack. But it doesn't anymore. All right. Fjord is unconscious. Brings us back, Caleb, it is now your turn. As everyone's rushed around, it's got back up, and just (slamming noise) Fjord's unconscious again. It seemed to. Any sort of damage seemed to cause it to splurt. No. That was its turn it just took. So now we're going back to the initiative order again. Real fast, hold on, I'm just checking Slow. It gets to make a wisdom saving throw to see if it can avoid Slow. No, it rolled a three. So, Caleb, what are you doing? Okay, what are you doing? Okay, so you're holding until Fjord is clear from his body. Got it. Okay, that brings us to Nott. Nott, what are you doing? You turn around and watch as the troll's now back up and slammed its claw into Fjord's now, once again, unconscious body. Currently? You can very easily get within 30 feet. You step around the flaming pile of skulls right there. And turn and get another bolt and-- you're holding? Okay, holding the attack until Fjord's safe? You got it. All right, Molly, your turn. You can. Where do you want to go? Right behind the fire. All right, that finishes Molly's turn. Beau, you're up. Figure it out guys, it's your turn. 25, 30. You don't even have to, to get to it. Oh, to get to Fjord, sorry. 40, 50, that's 60. (counting) 40. So you have, that's your-- Okay, so you spend an action just to hold onto him. You currently have him grappled. Okay, got it. Yasha? All right. So you move over, action, and you're going to pull him away. All righty, you are not in melee range so you manage to pull him back here. Fjord, you get-- I know he doesn't. So you pull him back. Fjord is now right there. Hmm. It gets a little wonky with action, but I'll let you do it. With the speed you have left, you guys can pull him about there. Well, it's half speed through the swamp, and then it's half speed dragging somebody. So it's a slow shift because you're moving through the muck and dragging him out of this thick swamp. So that's as far as you can get. It does not get any reaction though, because it's currently still affected by the Slow spell and it looks like right now Fjord is in a position where he is outside of the splash radius. Which would trigger Caleb and Nott. You fire, and you are using the Scorching Ray from the glove. All hit. Roll damage. No. There's nobody in range of it right now. Five points of damage. It's still conscious. How do you want to do this? As you turn, the glove sparking as you release these three blasts, one strikes his chest and ignites, his arm begins to burn black. This one hits the other shoulder and you watch as the torso begins to ignite. The third one finally hits right in the jaw and you see the shadowed line of its face, eyes and mouth open before (fire crackling). Incinerated to ash. I need you to go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw please. Caleb's arms kind of just fall slack, and he slumps to his knees, staring at the now-flaming corpse of the troll as it slumps into the ground and begins to burn, half-submerged in swamp water, half of it now just this burning mass of ash and flesh. So. Go ahead and make a death saving throw. Yeah, you're fine, all right. It's fine. I just like making him roll. You pull him away. He's not present, currently. You have to wait a moment, because currently the body is being engulfed. Eventually the flames die down to the point where you can carve into its body, but most of its flesh is burned. It's definitely dead. Make a medicine check. You manage to eventually hack away, get to where the troll heart would be, and carve it out without damaging it beyond any interest in this piece. It's a deep forest green, looks like it has half-formed additional ventricles that never fully completed. It's pretty disgusting, and you go to touch it, and your fingers-- Okay. You pull it out. It is corroding the cloth slowly. It's that big. It's about basketball size. Okay. Both of you guys make investigation checks as you're looking through the rest of that. Yasha, what are you doing? Unfortunately, the concussive blast of the dynamite shattered most of the bones and any materials that were in here, so what would've at one time been fairly easy to scavenge what remains, you gather from the patches of now dried and destroyed swamp ground that much of it has been scattered all across. You do manage to find some coins between the two of you-- mostly you, Nott-- and it takes some digging. You're basically having to pan for gold here. You're going in the muck and having to sift through your fingers and pour your water out a bit, take it into the water. You manage to find roughly 26 gold pieces, ten silver pieces, and let's say about 50 copper pieces. The body of the troll? Make another investigation check. There's basic hides wrapped around the midsection. There is a small pouch. You go inside and pull through and immediately your hands hit something that feels very cold and somewhat slimy. Looking inside, looks like there are slivers of muscle. Fresh muscle that had been torn off of some sort of a body laid in there. The smell is a little bit putrid. It may have been in there pickling for a while. You can make a medicine check to try and identify it. Ten. Probably human. Caleb, you shake out of it. Yeah, okay. That it does. In revealing the partially singed troll dong, you also manage to properly wrap the heart for its own use. Each campaign. It's a through line, guys! So, Fjord, what are you doing? Okay. Caleb, you manage to snap out of it, and come back to reality. It's a pile of bone and skull shards that is still burning and will be burning for a while from the oils. No. That flask shattered on impact, sorry. You guys take a short rest. The downside of throwing dynamite into the reward pile. You guys finish your short rest. You're feeling a little more collected. What do you wish to do? You look around and see Kiri sitting there with the knife and is stabbing the troll body. It's not splashing venom, it looks like. (like Caleb) "This means we are friends." (like Jester) "Don't stab humans. Don't eat humans. Okay?" No, it seems classic Fjord stomach. Nine? All right. You guys continue making your way back towards Berleben. You made most of the journey and by the time the sky begins to subtly grow dark with the threat of dusk imminent in the next hour or so, you guys begin to make visual on the lantern lights in the outskirts of the northern side of the city. Within a short time. before it gets too dark in the swamp, you manage to make your way inside Berleben proper. You're still in the Puddles. Okay. He cannot respond though, right? Oh, can answer in a like manner immediately. Seeing as how the spell's limit is 25 words-- (laughter) As you guys are having this conversation near one of the lanterns, you see a cloaked figure that's sitting on a bench suddenly stand up and face you, and begin to walk towards you. You're walking through the Puddles. The figure approaches. Somebody in the tech sneezed, I think. I know. The figure approaches and pulls the hood back, and you see a scruffy chin, the unkempt hair, a dirtier, but excited, Horris Thrym. He goes, "Well, word of a motley group of strangers spreads in whispers, and I knew it had "to be you based on the description. My friends, you've come this way. This place is miserable. Oh, "do not think that I don't appreciate what you've done for me, please." "As rough as this journey was, I'd rather be here than in prison. What word of Zadash has come? "Is Dolan all right?" "I've heard whispers of that as well." "I've been here for over a week, so no. But I'm sure there was. How long should I stay? What "is the current atmosphere there?" "Is it safe to return or should I hang low a little longer?" "Okay, I'll remain in this quaint city." "That's true, I'll be patient. Thank you all so much. I really appreciate it." "No, I don't. But if I do, I'll let you know. " "I genuinely wish to make this up to you at some point. If it is diamonds you require I'll "begin looking." He stops and looks around the city and goes, "I don't know if this is the place. Call me crazy, but--" "Fish, swamp fungus, herbs." He steps back. He starts thinking for a second, then goes "Maybe there," and points to what is another two story building that had been burned and left to rot that now appears to be a hollow structure that is overgrown with greenery and plants. "It seems to be from what I've noticed in passing." "Thank you. Thank you all. If you see Dolan, tell him please, come get me." "Thank you." "I'm over at The Drowned Nest." MARISHA and "No, they're better than that place." And he points to The Keystone Pub where you guys stayed the night. "Not to my standards." "I'm sure you could acquire a drink. Trust me, most of the folks here have to." "Just precautions. Not a lot of business happens here that you won't get mingled in unless "you were looking. So I just stay put." "You as well. If you pass by The Drowned Nest, hopefully we could have a drink." And he makes his way up towards the central part of the town, the Midway Docks. You approach and there is a sign that's hanging from a chain, from two iron hooks that are long rusted, this dull brown-red color. It reads across the front The Fungal Fount. Never enter if it's Papyrus. So you approach. The door is closed, currently. "Sorry, we're closed." "We're closed, it's sundown, and I'm shutting up." "Sunrise." (pause) "What?" Make a persuasion check. You are helping. I'll give you advantage on this roll. That was a roller coaster right there. There's a moment and you hear (multiple locks clicking). The door opens and on the inside you see a wild-looking, gaunt dwarf. He has a chin beard with green moss growing on each side of it. His clothes look a little moist and his forehead glistens with sweat, and he peers through, his eyes popped out. "You said you have a troll heart? Come in." Opens the door and lets you both inside. Closes the door behind. (lock clicking) "I'm sort of curious as to how you came across this troll "heart. Did you kill the troll?" "That's amazing. I'm very impressed. Um, ah--" "I would like to, very much. Place it on this counter please. On the leather, which you carried." He reaches over and grabs metal tongs and starts pushing-- "I'm inspecting it." Takes a moment to look around. "I can see there's some very fascinating applications that "could come from this." "It is quite exquisite. I would be happy to buy this off of you. Do you have an asking price "or would you like me to make an offer?" Without breaking eye contact, he starts rummaging behind this small wooden table that acts as his counter. Which has a bunch of planters and potted weird-looking swamp fungus and plants that are grown together and entwined. One of them, you lean close and a little spore goes off, and you back away carefully. You hear the clinking of glass and he pulls up two small jars, opens and says, "I could spend the night preparing, perhaps, for some medicinal potions. " "Strongest you'll find this side of the Labenda." "I don't know, I have to brew it to find out. It's not a perfect art form! You are impatient." "Unusual?" "Right. The morning then." "Smithe. Smithe Durban. Pleasure to meet you." They haven't invented the zipper yet, so it's laced. "Very well. Goodnight, sleep well. Return please." Closes the door. (multiple locks clicking) So what are you guys doing for the evening? You head to the Midway Docks. Following the outskirts of the Drydocks, which are a number of these wooden docks that head out into various edges of the swamp, where there are small boats that are currently roped off and being watched by the crownsguard that come across with torches, make sure that nothing gets stolen or anyone is doing anything untoward over in the area. Asking around, you eventually find your way to a relatively simple-looking building. Single story, but it stretches quite a bit and you can see a number of windows that are faintly glowing with candlelight. On the inside, it does appear to be a simple inn, with a small bar in the far corner. It's better than the Keystone Pub, but only incrementally. Entering inside, it's relatively quiet. Looks to be one person who is drinking alone on the far end, and you see across the way a female human in her middle age, a warm smile with a cracked face who glances up from a small book that she is thumbing through and goes, "Good evening folks. Can I help you?" "Well, I can provide both. My name is Uma Cole. Pleasure to meet you." "Oh no, I keep quite clean." I was trying to process what that was referring to. "Oh, you stop." No, the hand was clean. "We do have about four rooms available for rent, if y'all are willing to stay for the evening. "Our selection of liquors and beers are not extremely versatile, but welcome to provide as needed." "Very well. That will be five silver per room for the night's stay." "All four rooms? That will be two gold pieces, please." "What a gentleman." "Well, good for you." "Course not, I'm sorry." "Here're your keys." Strangely surrounded by a group of strangers, now accosting her with various degrees of insinuation. "Drinks-wise, we prefer more hard liquors, or more of an ale beer?" MARISHA, LIAM, and "Well, only a couple of surprises at my disposal, but--" She pulls up this dark green bottle, and uncaps it. "It's beer, but its practically ginger "ale. Not very alcoholic." She hands it over to you. A round of liquor for all of you guys will run you about three silver pieces. It's not very expensive. "Oh, nothing." And she tucks it under. "Just keeping my mind busy. Anyway, welcome to stay if "you like. We don't have food available here. You may have to go over to the Keystone Pub for that. "But we do offer finer sleeping arrangements." "Not to the degree that you have, no." Kiri at this point is leaning up on the counter towards the woman. And goes (like Jester) "Don't eat humans, okay." The woman goes, "Aw!" Make a deception check. She goes, "Children and their costumes." She grabs her book and starts reading from behind the counter. Actually, it's just plain leather. So what are you guys doing? You got your drinks. They're functional at best. This isn't a bad establishment, but it's a plain establishment. But it works. It's you guys and one other patron, who currently seems to be deep in their cups, making it on their own. They are out of earshot; you have your own table. Okay, she goes, "Oh, of course, I'll go ahead and get that for you." She closes the book and puts it beneath the counter and runs off and grabs the bottle that she had previously poured and shakes it. It's fairly empty, so she grabs another and then heads over to your table and begins to uncork and fill the drinks. Okay, you do not see where it is. You still have to have visual. Make a stealth check. Okay, she walks and is pouring drinks and looks over her shoulder in your direction, and is still pouring, but is looking at you. "Apparently." You do see it from your perspective, but she is watching you. Make a persuasion check. She finishes pouring the drinks, caps it up, and goes, "Well, I appreciate the flattery, I "really do. Have a wonderful night." Then walks back towards where she was sitting, but as she does so, her eyes are locked on you, Nott. Goes back to her stool. "Can I help you?" Roll a persuasion check. She's had a bad series of minutes with you guys. "I'm reading a fine story." "It is." "I had to order this from Zadash, unfortunately." "Well, the order goes out there, and pay upon delivery. It took me the better part of a "month to get here." "I'm about three chapters in. It's just starting to get interesting." "Yes." Make a perception check. There's a little bit of text just barely visible at this proximity to the cover of the book, but you can't make it out in this low light. She takes it and closes it and puts it beneath the counter. "Is there anything else I can "help you with, sweetie?" She's just pulled the book out and looks up and goes, "Hi." Make an intimidation check. Well, it depends on how you're being intimidating. Are you going to physically threaten her to show the book? Then it's charisma-based. This is subtle. She goes, "I apologize, but--" (southern drawl) I apologize. "But your behavior, paid customer or not, has been lackluster, and I would appreciate if I "could have my privacy." "Why are you so interested in what I'm reading?" Dungeons and Dragons. All right. You guys finish up your respective drinks. She palms the two gold. She goes, "It's called Feathered Leather." She pockets the gold happily. Some bard somewhere in the past has penned a story about a dark knight in leather and feathers. You guys manage to get your evening's rest. You gather your things, and the next morning-- As you're talking, you hear, in your mind, this gasp. "Jester, I don't know how, but it's so "good to hear from you. Did you get my package?" She pauses. "Well, wherever you are, I love you, and I hope you are well, If--" and it cuts off. I wasn't counting the words, but I think that gets the gist of it. Probably somewhere in there. I'm sure I'll get 14 tweets going like, "That was only 22 words." It's fine. I know. Oh, I know, Taliesin. That's why I'm nipping this in the bud. Yeah. As it emerges from your grasp, you can see there's the slight splash of sea water across the wall. There you can see, in the center of the pommel-- previously was just the well-crafted hilt to the blade-- you see a single, yellow, lidless eye on each side. Make an arcana check. There's no religious symbology here. In thinking through, there's nothing that gives you the essence that there's any sort of belief system locked into this that you're aware of. Looking at it, one it immediately reminds you of whatever it is he jammed into his stomach, and two the image of it, and the sea-based theme of these experiences that Fjord has been having, leads you to believe that this is something very old, and something that resides probably beyond land and possibly beyond the sea. That's as much as I can give you. Which is more than you should've gotten, but you rolled a 20. Currently it's just static. Okay. For the next minute, you have advantage on your charisma checks. It doesn't do anything to you, it just gives him advantage on charisma checks. You're doing Charm Person? Make a wisdom saving throw. He resists it. You feel your mind begin to cool with subtle arcane influence and you shrug it off. Sword of Sea Eye, give me sight beyond sight. Go ahead and make an intelligence check. Just a straight roll with your intelligence modifier. Ten. You grab it and you focus, and you focus, and much like an element of the dreams you've had and the spells that you pull from whatever this agreement you've made with this entity may have been, you can feel that thread connection from you to something beyond your hemisphere. It's like that sensation of someone looking at you, and you just know someone's looking at you, and you turn to look and there's nobody's there? It's like that, all the time, right now. But, you can't read more than that. Okay. As we go to rest for the evening, let's go ahead and make this our break! So, we'll come back here in just a few minutes to pick up the story for the next leg of your journey. In the meantime, guys, enjoy these next few minutes. Enjoy the videos and chaos in between. We'll see you here shortly. [break] Okay. She goes, "To pick up your money at the stables, you say, on the docks, how can I "assure them that I'm allowed to do so if I did not check them in?" You forge it? You have a forgery kit? All right. You guys go ahead and head off. You gather the cart, easy enough to do. You gather your supplies, they're all good to go. You guys are heading towards the Fungal Fount? Kiri pipes up. She says, (as Jester) "Get into trouble." (as Jester) "Get into trouble." (cooing) (as Caleb) "You know. Okay!" Turns to Nott as you guys walk off. (whispers) "Wrapped around his weenie!" (laughter) You guys make your way to the Fungal Fount. The doorway is partially ajar. It is open. You guys make your way into the Fungal Fount, and there you see, waiting anxiously, there's the sallow dwarf sitting in a small chair in the corner going, "Ah, so, where is the heart? Did you "bring it?" "Right, okay. So I've been working on something for you based on what you requested and "I have these." He puts these two vials on the table. One of them is a healing potion, larger than the basic kind. The other is a sky blue color, and as he sets it on the table, as soon as it impacts, there's a flash and you see some sparkles kind of going (energy crackling) through it before it settles. And he goes, "I'm going to be honest, not entirely certain the extent of what this is. "It protects you from something. I know the basis of it is insulation." "I do not see what you mean." He taps it again and (energy crackling). It looks like a spark. "I don't know. But I bet it's interesting." "I will trade these and put a topper of 50 gold pieces." You're totally pulling a Grog! "All right. If you don't mind--" He grabs the leather and carefully moves it off the table and puts it in a small chest, closes it. Goes and counts out 50 gold pieces, shoves it your way and goes, "Thank you for your patronage." "Depends on what you're looking for. I have various balms and salves to help with headaches, "wounds that are festering. Some that help with helping your manhood come to light, some that help "you with sleeping if you're having insomnia--" Essentially, over about five minutes of him showing you around, they're mostly general herbal remedies for day to day ailing elements. It looks like all the special stuff that he had at his disposal went into those potions. Everything else has been general helping, like melatonin. Things that help you a little bit. "All right. That's five silver for ten doses." "There are some lavender oils I would recommend to you. Here it is. I hope you like it. "It's quite nice." He rubs some on his wrist. "Yes." "For the oils and your sleeping, I'll put it around-- I'll say seven silver pieces." "I can." He gives you three silver back. You guys finish up there. Okay. You guys are heading off to the edge of the swamp with Kiri. (chirping) Make an investigation check, one of you with advantage, if you're aiding the other. Sure. All right. What particularly are you looking for? Okay. It takes you upwards of ten minutes, not very long, until you find one that's roughly that size. It's not perfectly spherical. It's got its imperfections, but it's pretty smooth. I'll say there's a very faint ring around it, sure. (as Jester) "Go fuck yourself!" (laughter) (chirping) All righty. Make a sleight of hand check, if you don't mind. I'll give you advantage if you manage to succeed on a deception check. "Well, I have many possible uses. I could extract all sorts of--" So just make a roll. With a quick flourish, you complete a fairly accurate recreation of the font utilized, in its glorious Papyrus, without him noticing from behind the door. With that, you go and complete your conversation. The rest of you meet up just as you hear the clomping of horse hooves. All of you gather in the center of the Puddles. The clomping is this splashing as there's still two inches of water in this section of Berleben. (wet clomping) You guys take a moment to look through. Everything's intact. Kiri comes up. (like Caleb) "She's probably a good egg." (like Nott) "Yeza was his name. The halfling man. From before." (laughter) (like Nott) "Shut up! Shut up, Kiri! Shut up!" (like Nott) "Yeza." (like Nott) "Yeza was his name. The halfling man. From before." All right. You guys gather your things, get back onto your cart and your horses, and head southward, exiting Berleben, leaving this swamp town behind, hopefully for good. Making your way back onto the road. Which direction are you going? You have a map. You guys heading to Hupperdook on the way? Those are high mountains. The Silberquel Ridge is a very high series of mountains. There are roads, or there is cutting through the open fields and nature. That's your choice to make. Looking at the map here. You guys are heading this direction. As far as you know, Shadycreek, which is over here in the corner-- SAM and Make an insight check, both of you. As far as she's aware, she's telling the truth. You guys are making your way along the Rillway Road eastward from Berleben, heading from here along Rillway. Heading past north of Felderwin, hitting the Felderwin Tillage, and then there's a crossroads that leads to the northern Gravelway Path. If you're following the roads. If you guys are cutting away from the roads and going through the rough open fields, that can be done. Via road, it's about 110 miles to the crosswo-- crossroads, and then 120 miles along the Gravelway Path. It's about a week's worth of travel to get to Hupperdook from where you are. You'll find out when you get there. You haven't traveled there before. You may have been there, actually. The crossroads, from what your experience is, folks who are making long travels stop there and might set up shop for a day or two to sell or trade whatever wares they have before they continue on the rest of their journey. And people from Felderwin and the Felderwin Tillage head up there sometimes to set up shop if there are people that are traveling through. Kind of. It's less a town, it's maybe a handful of anywhere from four to 20 tents depending on what time of year it is. It's a fantasy outlet. Oh my god, guys. Okay. She draws the best she can. Her drawings are rudimentary, but functional. You see two blackbird parents in somewhat geometric clothing. Basically. Best you can tell from what she writes down and communicates with you via the book, they were traveling from the east, heading west. They are, yeah. You guys make your way out of Labenda Swamp, heading southward across the bridge past the river that breaks from the Ounterloch heading south. Because this is a longer journey, I'm not going to drag us through every single stage of it. But there are some elements that can happen during this journey. Yes, exactly. Unfortunately, given the lack of details, lack of information-- The Sending spell isn't able to connect with anybody, unfortunately, but you tried. First day of travel comes to a close; you reach the river. Actually, you don't quite reach the river, you almost do. First night's rest happens. For expediency, who wants to make the perception check for the evening's rest? Both individually? Both of you guys roll. That's better. For the evening's rest-- taking your breaks, keeping watch throughout the night-- no incident. At one moment, there is a shifting of movement in the distance. Fjord, you go and check, and there is a family of foxes that are making their way through the field southward away as it gets colder. They're starting to move southward, and you spook them off to get away from the traps. The next morning, you guys get yourselves back up into the cart and continue on further. You pass beyond the river and start making your way towards the crossroads before your second day comes to completion. Who's going to keep watch the next evening? All right, make the roll, guys. Keeping watch throughout the evening, thankfully, no issues happen. You manage to keep watch, evening goes without issue. Your rest is fine, and you continue onto your third day of travel. Along the way, you do finally reach the crossroads here. As you come upon the area, you see where the road diverges. It continues in a southward curve and then a road that very starkly turns left and heads in a northeastern direction. There are a series of wooden signs up, and you do see three tents of varying sizes. There is a blue and white striped tent, a white tent, and a faded green one. A couple of carts are stopped off to the side, and some folks are looking in there. It looks like a very small merchant setup there, but if you were to inquire, you could see what's available. Frumpkin listens about, and there are folks asking and trying to haggle prices. You get the sense that one of them, as Frumpkin looks up, has a small selection of fruits, some looking more tropical, probably further south-sourced, brighter oranges and yellow in color, some with vibrant green leaves. The white tent goes by, has more of a general goods feel. There are tools, repair kits for travel. You see some bolts, two crossbows in the back wall, all sorts of general tools. It looks to be a general store and some basic means to defend oneself when on the road. Make a perception check. No books. The green one appears to be mainly furs and leathers, some that are tanning on the outside, as well as bone jewelry made of teeth and bone of hunted animals. If you start walking and glancing through? No. They're all various travelers. No one has crossed your path before, nobody of significance to your previous experience, no. You head to the green tent, those who are going, to the one that has the bone jewelry. There is a human woman there, dark, weathered skin, leather and fur over her shoulders. She's currently talking with somebody, and as you approach, "Terribly sorry. If you're looking for "furs, bones, or leathers, look around. Feel free to ask. I will tell you what we are selling for." "That's unfortunate, but we do." She turns around and there's a few strips of leather that are rough on the edges but functional. One of them has a fur inlay, so it feels comfortable on the wrist. "I've made these myself." These are leather. The wristband that she has is leather, yeah. Are you looking for bone in particular? There is bone jewelry. There's a bone choker that's a series of finger bones that are lined end to end that goes around the neck, there's one that can go on the wrist, looks like there's a necklace that has a bunch of various canine teeth-- not necessarily from a canine, but sharp teeth from some sort of creature. "Oh, most of these were taken from various wolves, dire in nature." "Wolves." "These are from the Zemni Fields, near Icehaven is where I hail. It's a very hunter-trapper community up there. I bring the goods to sell this far south." "Mainly meant only to sell, but if you have something worth buying, do present, please. I'm "curious." She takes it. By the way, the gator skin is not tanned. It's not cured. It is fucking nasty. As you pull it out of your haversack, it's dripping with congealed blood. Flies immediately start gathering and she's like, "Ugh." "I can tell. Not interested, sorry." Okay, you didn't ask how much it was. The bone bracelet runs you two gold. It's not that expensive. Okay. For the set of warm clothes, which is heavy leathers and fur that you can throw over, a leather cloak as well that you can bundle up in, and it straps over and buckles multiple times across the way. For you, it runs past your legs, almost, so you'd have to trim it up a bit, but that one will run you three gold pieces. As you approach the white tent, you see a female halfling there who is wearing a leather apron that has some tools tucked in there. There's nobody currently at the station, so as you approach, she looks out to you. She has frizzy brown hair with some gray ones that are starting to sprout from the outside that's pulled back and held in this giant poof of a ponytail. She looks out toward you and points and goes, "Oh, hello! Looking to buy something?" "Oh, great. What are you looking for?" "Problems? I have, possibly, some solutions." "That's a problem." "Tents, tents I can do. Two gold per tent. We have five ready. If you need four, throwing those all together if you're buying a tent--" They're two-person tents each. "Five two-person tents. You're buying me out. That's ten gold, my friend." Passes them over. They're all rolled up and ready to go. "As far as repair kits go, these are "a little pricier. If you're looking specifically for cart repairs, one kit I can sell to you for, "say, 25 gold pieces. That contains all that you'd require for any on-the-road going wheel repairs, "your axle, equipment for keeping your horses attached to your cart." "Raw canvas I can do, but beyond that, the rest of it's up to you." "25 gold for that." "All right. Rolled canvas here, I've got about 20 square feet of rolled canvas. Will that do?" Will it do? "Reasonable. It's weather-resistant." "For the treated canvas, if you're taking the whole bolt, that's going to be five gold." "30 gold, and with the tents, that puts it at 40 gold." "Define 'little bit of lumber.' For the structure?" "I don't have much in the way of lumber. I have a few--" There's no bamboo. There are wood slats, but no super-long pieces that could be curved over. "40 gold." Make a persuasion check. "The days grow colder, friend. Unfortunately, I've got to make ends meet." "40 gold. Fantastic, thank you." 40 total. Anything else you guys need? What is Fjord doing right now? Checking Tinderbox? What do you look like when-- No. You do not. Anything else you guys wish to do? Or do you move on? Okay. With your supplies gathered, you load up back into your cart, and now shifting over to where you see the signs. The directions show NW - Rillway Road to Berleben/Labenda Swamp, NE - Gravelway Path to Hupperdook/Silberquel Ridge, and then S - Rillway Road to Felderwin/Alfield. Making the left turn onto that road, heading northeast, you begin to make your way towards the Silberquel Ridge. Kiri's sitting there on the edge, eyes half-closed, and her feathers all puffed up. She looks over towards you, (coos). (like Jester) "Yes?" Okay, easy enough. It costs you three silver to get the proper thick fur material to give her enough to keep warm. Eh, beggars can't be choosers in this circumstance, but you get something functional. Continuing northward, as the sky gets subtly darker and darker, preparing for what is the coming dusk, you see ahead a caravan of carts heading southward along the road that's going to intersect with your path. A caravan of four carts, heading your direction, heading southward and going to cross your path. Make a perception check. Okay. Glancing ahead, there's still enough light for you to make out details. They appear to be mostly human from what you can tell. Looking behind there looks to be a group of dwarf family members all gathered. They appear to be families. They don't. They look like wagons. And as they begin to approach, they turn and give you a wide berth like they're about to make room to travel past you guys. The gentleman at the front puts a hand up and the carts slow down a little bit. "Nothing, "just passing through." "Roads are clear so far." Make a perception check. 17. There are men, women, children. Mostly human. Three of the carts, one of them is a dwarf family. They all look somewhat nervous. General looking out, quieting the kids. "We rode past, didn't stop." "No." "No. I'm sorry, we must be going." The horses pick up their pace a bit more. The kids just kind of watch quietly as they begin to pass. He looks back and says, "We're heading south." "We're just passing through. Heading south." The kid kind of recoils from this blue-skinned, horned tiefling all of a sudden engaging him from across the way. The kid just kind of freezes in place. Okay. There's a pause, and the kid that you're aiming at goes... Like big smile on the face. Looks over and sees you and kind of... "No, we're just getting away... from our home." "Nogvurot." Well, this is where you're going, and Nogvurot is this way. You can go straight, or you can arc-- it'll take more time. You can hit it on the way back. It's up to you. Uh, with the days of travel... I'd have to go do the math again, and I'm sure that the Internet knows and has been keeping track-- I'll check in with CritRoleStats to make sure-- But since you've left, just estimating right now, I'd say it's been about a little over a week as of now. You have a month. All right. You pass the caravan and they continue southward. Eventually it gets dark, if you guys want to stop and make a rest for the evening, you can. So, as you set off and set up camp, who's keeping watch this evening? All right. And you do have new tents, which is much more comfortable than the open air, bundled up with your blanket in the cold night. And as you travel further north, you know, it's going to get colder, especially with the winter looming and the autumn coming to a close. All right, who's keeping watch? TRAVIS and All right, go ahead and make a roll, guys. Or one of you with advantage. Your choice. 15? Okay. Not biome. Biodome. All right. The evening passes without issue, actually. Keeping a watch-- Well-- Touche. So. You wake up the next morning. You get the sense that, being the vigilant beast that you are, if anybody wanted to come close to inspect, immediately saw Yasha and went, "Nope!" You continue on the next day of travel. Heading upward. Northeast, further and further. You can begin to see the edge of the Silberquel Ridge, the mountain range that, when you were approaching the Labenda Swamp, began to rise and kind of loomed over the swamp, and then began to slowly get more distant. As you traveled southward the crossroads begins to come further into view again. The mountain range moving closer, more massive, kind of peeking over, this large-- it's very, very steep edges to the base of this mountain range. You get the sense that passage over or through is very specific. Or at least nowhere in visible sight. As you guys begin to crest into dusk for this next, fourth evening of travel, who's keeping watch? All right. You guys go ahead and roll perception checks, please. 13. All right. As you guys are just setting up, Caleb, you're looking out past as everyone else is getting ready to bed for the night, and you look over and you can see what looks like a shape off in the grass. Looks like a-- like a big mound, but it's hard to tell from this distance, but there's something in the grass. All right. So make a stealth check, please. Still a natural one. As you begin to slowly approach, make a perception check, please. Sure. All right. You hear nothing. You glance around the corner, and just beyond the grass, you can see an overturned cart. Not yours. Another cart. It's just on its side. It looks like it has a cover over the top of it. But it's not-- You saw the shape. And the shape, as you approach, looks to be an overturned wagon, roughly about 100 feet off the road. Walks over there. Make a perception check. 13? Nothing. Okay. Make a perception check. 15. You see a brief-- a split-second of movement. And you look and you see a crossbow bolt hit the edge of the cart-- Near where he was standing. Who is still dancing. Not from this distance, no. As all of you come to consciousness, you glance over and you can see the dark shape, once Caleb points out the direction where it was. And as you're coming around the side, Nott... because you did not roll a very good stealth-- You suffer six points of piercing damage as a crossbow bolt catches you in the thigh. All right. You glance over to the side and you can see what looks to be a humanoid shape that darts down into the grass and begins shifting around the other side of the cart. Yeah. It ran down through the grass-- actually, make a perception check, just as you're trying to peer through the darkness here. Yeah, you have no idea. They vanished into the grass and moved what you assume to be around the cart. All right. The rest of you following? All right. You guys are all-- Not carefully, just straight-on run in that space? You're still stealthing? I'd like all of you guys to make a stealth check, please. As you try and carefully approach. At the slow pace at which you are approaching, at that many feet away-- Nice! Natural one? Four. Okay, Fjord and Molly lumbering across the field. In the meantime, two other figures jump up from aside the cart, and both take crossbow shots at you. That's going to be a 16? Just hits. And the other one is-- that's a 12. That doesn't hit. So this one... you're going to take four points of piercing damage. Okay. They both kind of duck down behind, using the cart to put a buffer between you and them. You know where they are, yes. Correct. You guys are rushing in that direction. You can see, you see two figures dart up and then Nott kind of like (grunt). Nott is very visible in the field. Okay, you Invoke Duplicity. As Jester's stealthing below through the field, two Jesters suddenly appear where once there was one. All right. Molly and Fjord, you guys rush forward as the little globes of light all of a sudden light the area up a bit, like it has a very faint lantern light in the vicinity. Okay. Fjord? All right. As you guys rush around, Yasha, what are you doing? Okay, you guys swing wide around. At this point, you see the figures, five of them, all pop up, two of them in the field off to the side that you weren't paying attention, dart up, and the three from behind go ahead and the three are going to take shots at Nott as well in the center. That's 21. That's an 18. And 17. So that's six points of piercing damage, six points of piercing damage, and seven points of piercing damage. Nott's just being pummeled by bolts, and as Fjord and Molly start rushing up, a fifth one off to the side goes ahead and makes a shot towards Molly. That's going to be a 19 to hit. You take seven points of piercing damage, and the other one goes and aims towards Molly and goes, "Wait. Oh God! Stop, stop, stop! Stop your fighting!" You see the other dark figures look. Their heads swing over in that direction. What are you guys doing? Okay, the one that's closest to you is the one that shot Molly. He popped out of the grass as you were pulling around the side. No, the other one. The one that's shouting is on the opposite end. I'd say if you're looking at where the cart is, there's two on the sides here that were in the grass, and there's three that are directly behind the cart. They're about 60 feet apart. Well, you have to release it next round or the spell's lost. Okay. You prepare, you're readying Slow. There's very little light except for a little bit of light that's coming from the sky. The globes are like a lantern light, but it's the middle of the night, so you can see the shapes. They're not able to hide at the moment, but you don't see any features or details as you're rushing up. Make a perception check. They are aware. You do notice that all of them have thick green cloth masks that cover the front of their faces, bandit-style, that cover most of the features. Go for it. As you rush up, go for it. He just finished firing. Okay, go for it. The first attack you do, because he turns and sees you at the last minute as you approach. 16 hits. All right. Stunning Strike? Yeah, it spends a ki to do it. Yeah, he does not succeed. He rolled a natural eight. He's (groaning) kidney punch right to the side. Roll with advantage, because he's stunned currently. You (whack) and his eyes roll back. The one guy stands up-- the guy who yelled out-- and goes, "We are so sorry! We are so sorry! "We didn't know it was you folks! Our most sincere apologies." The other guy is like, "What the fuck "are you talking about?" He's like, "You don't understand. These are the ones that--" "These are the ones that ashed Trevor!" The guys put up their hands. "Oh shit. We're so "sorry!" They drop their crossbows. "We didn't mean nothing. We're so sorry." Go for it. It's leather armor. It hits. They're not very strong. He goes, "Oh! Come on!" "We don't have much. We're so sorry. Seriously, this is a huge misunderstanding." "Thank you. Thank you!" Make a persuasion check. Aw. No. He pulls the mask down. "Take the cart. Take it. That's yours. We'll just--" The other one's like, "What the fuck are you doing, mate?" He's like, "Trust me!" "Whatever's in it, it's all yours." "Right, that we do. Guys, gentlemen, back away." "It belonged to someone. They're alive. We didn't kill them, but we took their stuff and we "sent them on their way." "No!" "No!" Okay, make an investigation check. Make an investigation check. First off, glancing inside and looking through and rummaging and pulling, most of the cart stuff is gone. It has some simple grain bags and things that were placed deliberately to look like it had a lot, and they shoved all of it towards the exits of the two sides of the cover, but the interior of it is mostly empty. You see two blankets. That's about it. "Obviously not very well right now." "Look, this is embarrassing enough as it is. It's hard enough to make ends meet. We're doing "what we need to to survive. We're happy to give you this. We'll walk away, and pretend this never "happened." "What? I don't understand." He grabs the armor and tucks it in. "Thank you." "Right, no. Yeah." Two of the guys go like, "Yeah, no, she's got a point." "I know!" Make a deception check with advantage. He's nodding. You can see the sweat on his brow, and you can't help but notice the darkening spot in his nether regions. "Of course, no worries, sir, I promise, no worries. We'll go and "we'll slop pigs. We'll do what it takes, anything but this. Right, boys?" They're like, "The fuck? "You pissed yourself." "Yeah." They pick up their crossbows and tuck them under their arms. "Good night. Safe travels." "Good night." The guy next to you, as you're patting him down, two things. One, you manage to get about seven silver from him. That's all the money he has on him at the moment. You find a hard spot on the side of his stomach that he should probably get checked out. Because he doesn't have anything else, but she rolled a 20 investigation check! I didn't know what else! At this point, there's a sound behind you, a (huffing). You see Kiri running with her knife, going, (like Cali) "I kill people!" There you go. Write that down in your equipment. Bandit pants! There you go. He starts to come to consciousness. His friends have all run off northward. He's drooling down himself. You guys are about here. Yeah, you're about 24 miles away from the crossroads. You don't see them at the moment. What's the range on that? Pantsless with a crossbow, and a simple shortsword that's tucked off to his side. His hair is filled with flowers, he's on his side, flopping away from the sky. The cart's there if there's anything you need to grab from it. There you go. There's a couple blankets, there's grain, and it has a cover on it. The cart is comparable, probably a little more weathered than the one you guys have. It's a basic canvas. It's a tan. It's a tan, light brown. Yeah. Essentially. Ironic that you went looking to build that and it was already in the possible path. All right. So you guys pull that off. Take the blankets. Make your way back to your cart. Finish up your evening's rest, and at morning light, continue your way northward along the road. All righty. For the sake of brevity, since we're getting towards the end of the evening-- The next two days go on without issue. Passing a few travelers heading southward, crossing your way, until eventually, the Silberquel Ridge grows more and more prominent in your line of sight. Following the path, the fields that surround the north road begin to give way to tall grass and trade for scrub land and rocks, the once-vanishing shape of the Silberquel Ridge mountains growing bigger and bigger, the numerous columns of mingling black-and-white smoke you can now see spill from the eastern side of the mountain, diffusing as they rise. As you travel even closer, you can make out the two-tiered layout of a city built into the mountain. One large region encircles the very base of the mountain, ahundred or more dark workshops and towers, billowing smoke from chimneys and stacks visible. A number of large constructions dot the open spaces between these towers, some oversized cannons or others like mobile siege towers. One resembles a wheeled, multi-tiered cart with numerous, wicked-looking bolt-throwers attached. As you begin to head in this direction, you can also see that this lower area, this industrial field of various engines of warfare that are in the process of being constructed, some in their skeletal phase of being built. To the base of the mountain above that, you can see two winding switchback roads as well as one very steep staircase that ascends to a second level, about a hundred or more feet above the first. Here you see a massive outcropping of leveled rock that holds the other half of the city. There along the ridge of the mountain shelf lies hundreds of buildings and arches, occasionally dappled with an autumn-colored tree. Behind this city mass, you see a shimmering waterfall that cascades from out of the center of the mountain, about 1000 feet up, that glimmers like silver-white light and the little bit of sun that's coming through the clouds. You've reached the outskirts of Hupperdook. From best you can tell from this perspective, make a perception check. It's hard to tell. The buildings that are in the outside of the upper ridge look to be varying sizes. They don't appear to be super tiny, by any means. You do see from this perspective, as you're heading down to the base of the mountain, you're at the top of the hill, and this last leg as you start pushing in towards Hupperdook, at the base of where the waterfall is hitting, behind that row, you can see what look to be numerous towers, thin and tall, like these weird needles of buildings that kind of cluster around the base of the waterfall. That's as much as you can make out at this distance. The technology, as you get closer and closer and begin seeing these fields of construction, the industry is pretty prominent. It's the most you've ever seen. As far as the beauty of a living, civilized town, five or six, maybe? It's not podunk, by any means. Yeah. It's well-built. It seems comfortable. The base area around the mountain as you begin to approach-- and you can see now where the clouds and bits of steam are mingling and rising up, mixing into the sky above you-- the colors here are fairly drab browns, grays, dark graphite metals. And immediately, you can see the ground itself. You can see the ground itself as you step in the area has a faint layer of soot where some of the burned materials that are pressed up into the air have come down to settle onto the ground surrounding it. What do you wish to do? It's mid-afternoon. Following the path, there is a large metallic archway that rises into a pointed entrance where, as you enter, you can see, in the metal carved in various rivets, "HUPPER," "DOOK" on the other side. There, you see two townsguards standing there, both human, standing guard. And as you approach, one of them steps forward. "Welcome. What is your business?" "Understood. You would probably want to go ahead and head up the mountain for that. Down here "is all industry." He points out, "This is the Iron Lot and the Assembly Yard. You're going to want to head up to "the Idleworks Shelf to find lodging." "Idleworks Shelf, yes." "The most prominent and most lively would probably be the Blushing Tankard tavern." He steps back to his post, and just keeps an eye as you guys enter in the midsection. At this point, you begin to hear the actual industry here. There's this faint buzzing and clicking sound as you see some of these large wheels that are affixed to the outside of these large towers are grinding. You can see platforms rising up with the gears turning. And on them, you can see numerous gnomes, male and female, in the process of what looks to be building materials lifted onto higher levels. You could see some of these war machines that are being developed and designed here, mid-construction. You get the sense that with the call of war, they're probably put into high gear in developing whatever siege weapons they can possibly muster in the short time frame. And the furnaces are going well. From what you can see, from the distance, you can see they have some larger-wheeled platforms that have bolt-throwers, which are large-- imagine a crossbow but on a massive scale. The giant metallic spear that gets flung from it at a really, really powerful speed. You see three or four affixed to a single platform. You're not sure what animal would be able to pull that. You also see siege towers, 30 feet tall, wheeled, with a number of ladders and platforms inside that are used to clamor up against fortresses. You see one that looks almost like a giant battering ram that is in the process of being constructed. The interior metal rod is currently resting on the ground next to it and they're building an outer frame. Looking past, on the far end-- on the northern end, you can see a huge cannon, maybe about 15 feet across and about three to four feet wide in the middle. That one is on a platform. The wheels are currently resting in the side and they're in the process of finishing the construction of the device. Make a perception check. Okay. Just beyond that, on the northern side, as you guys are riding past, and you kind of get as much height as you can, beyond these towers and what was referred to earlier as the Assembly Yard, which is the area where all these war machines are being built, you can see a roped section that is just pock-marked craters and scarred ground, what you assume to be some sort of a testing ground for whatever they've been working on over the numerous decades or more they've been here. You're not sure-- actually, roll a history check, because I'm curious to see how much you know about this. I'll allow it this time, but usually, you have to decide that before you make the roll. It's not a lucky feat, so. But going forward-- MARISHA and Okay. You haven't learned that much about the history of Hupperdook. You know it's been here for a while. This city. It's been here for quite some time, so while you're not sure of how long that field has been there, you get the sense that this isn't a recent testing ground. It probably has been their general testing ground for any technology they're developing. Glancing about, you see more crownsguard attire, though now you're starting to get to more gnomish crownsguard who are established there. And on their backs, as opposed to spears or shields at the ready, you see similar weapons to what some of the army moving eastward were carrying. You see long metal rods affixed with a wooden buttress at the end. These strange firearms that have been carefully relegated to certain individuals here are a little more in use here. Make a perception check. Not yet. Make a perception check. Purple horseshoes-- Red balloons. As you guys are clopping along, you look down and most of the land here is fairly barren. The outskirts of this, whether it be just the heavy amount of smoke and soot that's put out by the industry, there isn't a lot of grass. What is here is pretty harsh scrubland. You glance down, though, and one of the small bushes does have a very unique-looking white bud. They haven't opened yet, but they're beautiful amongst this stark ground. And you could reach down, if you wanted to. You grab, pluck a couple of them and put them in your book. Okay. The ones you talked to earlier? No. You moved on from them, but there are other crownsguard in the area. You can hear the heavy sounds of metal clanging and the occasional sparks in the distance of some sort of welding process being done on some of the distant towers. You can see, on the opposite side of the southern side, dozens and dozens of dark metallic warehouses and buildings that are junctured by hallways. There are small compounds that are focused on whatever their specific businesses are in these designated, delegated areas. It's weirdly almost drab and dystopian in a visual perspective. When you come to the base of the mountain here, where you see that large, very steep staircase you were looking at, there are the switchback pathways up there. But as you approach, you hear this (thud). And looking up, you can see these chains, these big, heavy, dark chains that are shifting. And as it does, you can see this platform begin to lower from the city above, heading in your direction. In front of you, at the base of the mountain, you can see there are a few other individuals that are sitting there, waiting patiently. You can see this platform eventually comes down, seems to be one of many means to make your way to the second part of the city. It's a lift. All right. As you approach, you see there are four crownsguard, one dwarven, three gnomish, that are there waiting it. You see the few figures that were waiting patiently. They appear to be well-dressed, human, one half-elf, wearing what looks to be reds and gold velvets. They look to be relatively well-off, standing definitely out of place in this rather dark space. They step onto the lift, and as you approach, the guards put their hands out. "I'm sorry, who are you?" "Lodgings? Well, you'll have to take the path upward. This is designated for guests of "Hupperdook." "Guests of whom?" Make a deception check. "I'm sorry, I don't recognize the name. You'll have to take the path." "I guarantee you, sir, I've never heard the name before in my life. But there is always the path." "Of course." He takes a small pistol out from his side and aims it in the air and it fires with a puff of smoke, and the chains begin to lift. As you guys are frustratingly fuming over that not-quite-as-positive experience, a voice from around behind you goes, "Well, now. You look like you're not from around here. Is that true?" You turn and glance behind you and you can see, through a surly grin and a curly mop of brownish-red hair, a female gnome in her young adult years wearing simple clothes, some leather gloves. She has dangling around her neck a set of eye protectors. She's rubbing a little bit of soot from her chin. "So. You couldn't take the lift." "Are you?" "See, that's going to get you far here. Honesty." "Well, probably both, depending on the time of day. So, who are you, if I might ask?" "So you're not from around here? I like that. What brings you to Hupperdook?" Her brow furrows and a smile curls even wider across her face. "You're not wrong. You're "not wrong. Well, I happen to be a local looking for a way to kick off some boredom. Mind me "showing you around?" "My name? Rissa. Pleasure to meet you, Mr.--?" "Fjord. Mayhaps we be getting in some trouble, too." "We got about two hours." Well, at this time, it'll probably be about dusk. "There's a few inns to pick from. I can take you around. Here, I'll lead you up the walkway. "Follow me." You guys begin to make your way up the switchback path, up the mountainside towards the upper edge of the shelf. Along that way, your new friend, Rissa, jumps up into the cart with you. She says, "I get the sense you don't know much about us here." "Oh, no charge. Or buy me a round, or five, and we'll call it even." Okay. "That's all I ask. Maybe help me fuck with a friend or two." She looks to Beau and is like, "Yeah." "Anyway, don't worry. I know the place is a bit droll, but once the sun's down, it gets "interesting." "Anyway, things are a bit busy around here. They're busy most of the time. General workday "here is about ten to 12 hours. No weekends, no breaks like the rest of you lazy and lackadaisical folk." "Fair enough. Give you a quick tour of the place, should give us right about time to get some drinks." As you make your way up the mountain, making small chatter, eventually you come to the outskirts of the Idleworks Shelf. Here, encompassing the outer ring of this elevated shelf of the Silberquel Ridge, is a lively district of taverns, inns, merchants, open pavilions that are currently empty. It looks like the place is pretty much perpetually decorated for some sort of an event or a festival, but it's in disuse at the moment. It is empty. Everyone you see in the street, there's nobody taking a walk. Everyone is rushing from one place to another or shouting commands. There's a general air of busyness and intent in each person you see. As you guys leisurely stroll through, every now and then you get this side-eye of-- and they continue on past. A majority of the people here are gnomish. Probably 80 percent of the people you see in the immediate vicinity at any point in time are of gnomish heritage, only offset by the occasional dwarf and some human, half-elf. That's as much as you've seen in your path here so far. I mean, you do as you do. You are a very colorful ensemble whenever you enter any sort of new establishment. Not yet, no, but to be fair, most of the streets are empty unless it's people going from business to business. It's an interesting feel. It's almost like the town is a ghost town, where it's dead outside of those that are in the process of making errands or doing runs. A little bit, but not as bad as below. At this point, your friend, Rissa, is pointing out in different directions and goes, "All right, then that's over that way. This is the center of "Hupperdook culture here on the Shelf, where most of the folks come to unwind. Beyond that you can "see what's called the Silver Falls, pointing over there. That's the core of where most of the "residents live, sleep, make their families, amongst the small towers you can see." And from this point you can now see those strange, finger-like protrusions that were guarded around the waterfall are very condensed, thin, and tall metallic towers that have balconies and little windows. They're three stories, maybe four stories at most. A lot of them look like they're off-kilter. It looks not safe, though they probably are. It's a very unique living situation you haven't encountered with any other people in the Empire and beyond. Glancing up, you can see there are a few folks that are out there in the process of laying some rugs out and hanging them over the side. One woman up there is throwing some seeds to some birds that float by and start eating off the edge there. "I'm sure there is. Not anything I've bothered with, though. Not much of a reader. My "father, well, he might know, but you don't want to talk to him." "Just wait. Be patient. Be patient." "I choose to live on a low floor." "Yeah. Gets warmer up top, anyway. Don't want that." "You're telling me. Want my quads to be ready in case I need to go into a sprint. Run for "my life. You know." "I used to. Occasionally." "I supervise." "You're being a bit nosy here, not going to lie. I know we just met, and I'm helping showing "you around, but--" "I offered to tell you about the city, not about myself." "I think you'll fit in quite well around here." "I haven't found a vocation that fits my personality. Tried some things. Wasn't my thing." "Well, there's a few different places. Are you looking for a quiet spot to sleep or are you "looking for a wild place to not sleep?" "Blushing Tankard it is." At this point, the oranges and reds of sundown have taken the sky and you hear this pop sound. You look up and you can see splashes of light in the sky above you. Faint fireworks start going off. You start hearing shouts. Voices echoing from the city, from the towers, from behind you, along the Shelf. All these steam whistles start going off down below, echoing from below. The streets suddenly come to life as people begin to rush out of buildings, taking off their aprons, taking off their gloves, setting off whatever their work attire is and rushing off to home to unwind. There is a rush of energy, and you begin to realize Beau wasn't kidding. They work hard, and at night, they play hard. And that's where we're going to finish tonight's episode. (cheering) Oh, Fourth Street. I love Fourth Street. We'll pick up this next week. We may or may not have Ashley, depending on if Skype is available. Nevertheless, thank you guys so much. Yeah, Wil's been off-set trying to curse my dice. Apparently, I deflected it to the party. Happy about that. Thank you guys for joining us tonight.