Hello everyone and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Before we get into tonight's game, we have some announcements to get through, so be patient with us for a moment as we give a big shout out and thanks to our two sponsors for tonight's episode, starting with our friends at D&D Beyond. Sam? Thank you, Sam. All righty. One of these days, your escalation is going to be the end of us all. Not looking forward to it. One of these days. Oh my god. On sale now we do have our very first live show in New York City. It's coming up pretty soon, actually, in two weeks. We'll be at the United Palace in Washington Heights, Thursday, October 4th for the live show. Tickets are still available now at Ticketmaster. You can check out all the details to do so at critrole.com. I got to get it out now. Better now, than in the narrative. Also, for those who had a chance to see it, thank you so much for tuning in to this week's episode of Between the Sheets, our new show hosted by the fantastic Brian W. Foster. Taliesin was our first guinea pig for that. Really in-depth, awesome interview, and peek behind the-- Well done, Taliesin. If you want to talk a little bit about the release schedule for that show, for Between the Sheets, it's every-- There you go, and to celebrate the launch of Between the Sheets, Brian's going to be doing a Reddit AMA tomorrow at 200pm Pacific. If you want to go ahead and razz him through text format, see him on the Critical Role Reddit tomorrow at 200pm Pacific. We've been raising a lot great money for Sam's charity, Pablove Foundation, if you want to talk a little bit about that? Got enough coverage this week already; he can sit out a bit. Great. Laura, you said you wanted to talk about merch stuff? There you go. Thank you, Laura, and a thank you to our second sponsor. I wanted to bookend it, sponsor-sponsor. Returning is our friend here, The Rook and The Raven, who have been doing their awesome-- if you guys aren't familiar, haven't seen the previous episodes-- these really awesome, high quality, discbound gaming notebooks for your campaign. The fronts, you can see, are laser etched designs of awesome maps from our fantastic friend, Deven Rue, who did our Dwendalian Empire map earlier in the campaign, which you saw, and just came into stock, apparently. This is their Mischief and Misadventure book where you can go ahead and put all your campaign notes and your character info. It's pretty badass. Their Kickstarter ends tonight at midnight Pacific time, so if you haven't got in on it, now's your last chance to do so. This is your last chance to get the deluxe edition of this, as well as the Far Traveler's notebook at the Kickstarter exclusive pricing, so get to it now if you're planning to. You can find that at therookandtheraven.com/criticalrole to get all the info you need before midnight tonight. Check it out, guys. All of the sweet effects, Sam. At some point. I feel like we're really going to have to release that now with effects put onto it. Yeah, he will. Without further ado, let's go ahead and jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Oh, sorry, left hand. It's to your right. You see the left hand get cut off. He screams out, bleeding from the stump as he grabs it with his other hand, the hand and the bracelet that was attached both clattering to the ground with a wet thud and it (spinning), falling over to the side. Beau, you also look over and notice there is this horrible, strange, undead entity floating immediately to your right of you and Algar, this spectral creature that is ethereal, but made of dark blue and black energy, this drowned spirit that is giving off this horrible, guttural sucking sound and Fjord still stands there, blade in hand, looming over the two of you, technically. Yeah, you guys know where they went, but you have no idea what's transpired since. Currently, Zsundie is floating towards the back of the chamber, towards where they are. What do you do? Okay. You pick the bracelet and Algar's like, (groaning, pained panting). Make an intimidation check with advantage. "Yeah. It was part of my post. What are you going to do? Please don't kill me. Please." At this point, Zsundie appears at the back of the chamber. Rounding the corner, the large, thick, barrel-chested, fish-like form wearing this very well-tailored vest with the silks of the shirt billowing around its wet elemental form, its fish face curled into this sly grin. It spins around and looks towards Algar and you guys. It says, with this low, burbling fish voice, "Ah. I "see the hour is nigh for vengeance." It pulls the collar from its neck and it clangs onto the ground. (uncertain noises) It puts out its hand. "You have seemingly come to the aid of this humble individual. Please, "hand me the implements of my enslavement." "That is not of your concern." Algar's still "(moaning). Don't trust him!" The rest of you are closing up on this space. You guys leap up and begin to climb. In the meantime, the creature looks to you and says, "Let's just say that there were powerful minds that were interested in the benefits of my "undivided attention towards things that were of not my interest." Catches it, picks up the necklace, and both of them get tucked inside of its vest with this heavy, wet sucking sound. Looks over to Algar. "It would appear that you have this taken care of, but would you do me the honors?" He's bleeding out. Yeah, you guys all now have gone into the chamber. You can see this. He's definitely passed out. He's not dead, but there is a large amount of blood coming out of his severed stump. Make a medicine check. That's enough to stabilize, okay. You've prevented him from bleeding out. He looks pale and has lost a lot of blood and there is this dark pool that's still suffusing the space around him on the stone floor on the raised area of the hallway. So he's stable. Zsundie, as the rest of you came around the corner, you can see him standing there looking at the group. "Well, I have things to take care of now." It looks to you. "Ketiv Zsundie is my title. I've been held here "for too long. Should you find yourself among the endless seas of my world, come to my Silversilt Palace." "There I shall reward you for your assistance. Now, I'll go to free my partner." "That's a good question," and it leaves. Okay. That is a 14, what's your DC? What's your spell DC? The specter goes (groaning) and immediately turns around and starts drifting down the hallway away from you, giving this horrible hollow sucking scream. Yasha's with you. She was making her way towards the sea, but hasn't made passage anywhere. Okay. I like that, a gortle. There you go. Tortle Skirts. Jester needs to get out more. Okay. As the wave of healing divine energy emanates from Clay's focused point, Algar who's still being held against the wall by Beau, (gasping) Okay, all right. That is 14. Okay, so he succeeds. You can try it again if you have another ki point. Oh wait, no, let me see, I think he might be immune to it for the next 24 hours based on the ability. If he succeeds on it, yeah. I think so. Well, I'm going to double check here, but I think if he succeeds in the save he's immune to it for 24 hours. I could be wrong. Let me double check here. Yeah, you can wait 24 hours and then come back to it. Make an investigation check, please. 12, okay. Rifling through his bits, you find 21 gold pieces, 45 silver pieces, two platinum pieces. You find one empty glass vial, where a healing potion was used previously. A dagger, and a basic hand crossbow with five bolts. Perfect. He does, attached to the shirt, if you want to pluck them. There are six buttons. No, you're fine. To Extort Truth, no, you can continue to try it if you want to. All right. With every more button pulled (smack) Button. (smack) Button. You're teaming up on this regard. Okay, that's a failure. That's a natural ten. Okay, you slam his head two more times and pinch an area underneath the bottom of the jaw. It causes his irises to swell for a little bit. He looks towards you, head lolling a little bit. He doesn't answer, but you have his attention. "It's my job. I was assigned as the supervisor of the Sluice Gate." "I report to the Clovis Concord. I was assigned here maybe a few months back from Port "Zoon, but I largely, specifically, report to the Marquis and his associates." "Marquis Ze Fuldan." No. He's resisting answering. Make an intimidation check with advantage because you have him affected with the Extort-- In his current position, he "(grunting) The Margrave and the Concord are "aware. This is one of two cities that runs with one of these marid underneath. (grunts)" "Yes." "Port Damali." With the muscles popping? "I drink and carouse, buy fine linens and furniture." Yeah. You asked what he does with his spare time. "None, really. I take companions. The Ruby is a very beautiful creature." "A few more weeks of wooing her, yes." There's a conflict inside where his masculine pride immediately hits with the hit to his ego that you just delivered. "My job." "To maintain the Weave. To help exert my will on the creature that you just freed, so it "can direct water towards the various furnaces that run a lot of the engines that help maintain some "of the commerce here in the city." "Oh, I fucked it up? Well, thanks to your interference here, they're probably going to have "to re-network everything through analog means. That'll take weeks. It'll be expensive." You hear his head hit the stone once more. "Who the fuck are you?" Make an intimidation check with advantage. He looks down at his severed hand, the stump having now healed over from the healing power of your prayer. "Look, please, I don't want to die. I don't want to die down here. I don't want to wash up in the middle of the shore." "That sounds like a great idea." He nods. "Right, yeah, I'll go. I'll leave immediately. Just please let me go." "Same way I come in every day. Yeah, I'll show you out." It's not on her; it's up in the boat you guys had put in the water. She goes, "Mostly just "blankets and gold." "Right." "Jorge." He's still trying to pull away from the horrible, slow sucking of-- Oh, the tentacles wrapping around the neck, and there's a slight biting right there. He sits there, held to the wall, being chewed on by a tiny octopus, for the next 30 minutes, while you roll-- Okay, roll for your disguise kit. Not with advantage, but you get proficiency bonus, so roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier. Algar looks like a weirder uncle of Algar who could probably pass for a Jorge, sure, yeah. But he looks different, and is missing a hand, so it's definitely not Algar. "No, no traps. There are some lockdown failsafes, but it's not much help at the moment." He gives you a look that doesn't nod, but you can see from his recognition that you hit the nail on the head. He looks to Beau to be let up, because he's still being pressed. He gets up. (grunts) Still looking over the missing hand and back at the rest of you, and begins to slump his way further down the hallway where they were heading to exit. You're following him down this path. He's using a small torch that he lit for light to make his way down here, and as he leads you through, it opens up into a few other small chambers that have some tables and chairs. There's a number of weapons, close-quarter smaller weapons for any combat that may take place in a tunnel. There's a small sketch with charcoal or some sort of a darker chalk on the wall that outlines the layout of the Sluice Weave for those that are coming in to see where they're trying to go and get to. Yeah, yeah, you do. It's part of it now. There you go. Eventually, he leads you to a spiral staircase that goes upwards. There are two sets of iron barred doors he has the keys to. He opens them, leads you in. You do notice on the way through there are a couple of archways leading from chamber to chamber where there are gated portcullis doorways that would collapse down. There are switches on the opposite side as a means of defense if things were to go wrong to back up. Once you have them under your control, he has no means of doing so, and you watch him very carefully. Heading up the spiral staircase, it leads you to a trap door that a stair leads up to. He pushes it open quietly, and it leads you into a small office. It's got a small desk, it's got a stool, it's got some odd stacks of paper, looks like there's a quill and an inkwell, a second unopened inkwell. There's some partially melted candles that aren't lit at the moment, and there is a door that exits. He unlocks that door. "I understand." "This is my office, yeah." "The few that I work with, yes." Make an investigation check. You glance through quickly. A lot of it appears to be notes on repairs, on how best to organize the time that the marid has. There is an actual breakdown on how often it can summon elementals and control them. You find some things that talk about a marid defense of the city, meaning there is a plan in place that if ever the city were under attack from the sea, that it was one of their secret weapons to defend the city from ships. That's the most you can find. Those are all surface things that you see on the desk. The rest of it doesn't seem to make much sense or pertain to anything important to you. "A few of them." He points to a couple. "I was left-handed." Make an investigation check. Looks like an office. "That's fine." His stare is far off in the distance. He is looking down the barrel of a gun and a complete shift in his life that he wasn't expecting to take immediately. His responses are very one-word and very, "No." You escort him to the wharf. As a sailor, you know specifically who to talk to to secure passage under the table. Where do you want to send him? (laughs) It's a good summer stay-away. Yeah, that's one of the major coastal cities on the eastern side of Tal'Dorei. All right. Because it's a longer journey, it's a little more expensive, but you can secure passage for him to Marquet for, we'll say, 20 gold. "This is very kind of you." The beard's peeling a little bit. He's just staring at the coin in his palm. Adella leaves in little under a week. You can secure passage today on a small ship that's heading back to Marquet. You send him off on his way. You wait another hour or so to make sure the ship disembarks and he doesn't abscond from the ship itself. You watch as it begins to make its way towards the horizon and you feel confident that he's not going to be coming back anytime soon. Eight. Here's a question. Did you dismiss your specter, or do you have a-- As you guys are-- As you're leaving the area, right behind you is this (ghostly groaning). What do you do with it? Yeah. It's following you. You guys begin to watch as that same drowned specter is now coming back behind you (groaning) It turns right around and runs off a bit. It's frightened of him and runs away. Correct. It doesn't last a long while. A short time passes and it just-- You already have. Well, you checked around for anything that would be interesting, so-- (groaning noises) How many Channel Divinities can you do? I feel like you were out last time. We'll say you took a short rest, but-- It's wandered back in the chamber and it's looking at Fjord. (groaning) Turns around and starts walking away. (ghostly groaning) The specter returns as you guys are having this conversation. All right. Go ahead and make an attack roll. Okay. That's 12, so it takes damage. That's basically what this is! 11 points of radiant damage. All right. (impact, groaning) Success. It's not attacking anyone. It's not assaulting you guys. It's just standing there and taking the hits and looking in pain. It keeps looking for Fjord. (ghostly groaning) It disperses into shadow and vanishes. This was me realizing that this is what would have happened earlier, so we're taking care of it now. Okay? Because this would have been following-- I forgot about the specter briefly earlier, and this would have happened. I appreciate that they've completely glossed over this scenario. We'll say that you guys are all together. Go ahead and roll for your forgery kit. With proficiency, so d20 plus-- I'll say this is for intelligence-- Okay, so you have a fragment of possibility. I'm saying, because it's a forgery and it's having to pay attention to details, I'm going to say intellect. Intelligence. Yeah. You don't have to roll twice. You don't have to spend it if you don't want it. Plus three, I think? 22. Pretty good forgery. You're proud of yourself. It looks pretty spot-on based on his handwriting. You've followed his cadence, his sentence structure. His signature looks incredible. Yeah. I'll say with your strength you can easily do so. It will break the quill, technically, but it still pierces it to the door. There you go. Cool, so the letter is complete and placed. Yes, we're-- Okay. This is my fault for forgetting one feature earlier and trying to fit it into the narrative here. Order of business! You arrived, you forged a letter-- You saw a weird undead thing again that was following you and then Fjord made it go away with a hand wave. You then took Jorge to the docks and sent him on his way. You guys are near the docks, you've made your way out. Okay. It's still there floating. You can see there's one fisherman who's eyeing it curiously. Okay. You go ahead and make your way out, get up on the side of it, and begin to row yourself back to the edge of the dock. There, not far away, is the old fisherman you had spoken to earlier that you had borrowed it from. You gather your things out of it and he comes over and is like, "Well, I appreciate you bringing this back." "No such thing. No such thing!'" "You too, tall one." Make a perception check. It looks like the city. I mean, at this point in the day, it's getting a little later. The sky is starting to get a bit-- maybe the oranges of dusk are starting to peek in a little bit. You maybe have another hour or so of daylight. Make a perception check. Currently, no. You don't see him anywhere. Yeah, you don't know. Yeah. I mean, occasionally he's out there looking for work. That's as much as Orly knew. Marius. No, Sabian you heard about through Fjord. You got some information about Sabian, yes. Yeah, that was through Captain Adella. It's close to dusk. About an hour of daylight left. Okay. It's a little bit of a roundabout walk, but you can do it. All right, so you make your way back to the Open Quay. Heading towards the tower, you can see, as you approach, based on whatever illusory enchantment finds your vision, you can see as it seems to grow the closer you get to it, to the point where it's massively towering when you're right below it. Still no sign of a door, at first glance. You still have the 20-foot-up or so balcony and a few other windows up that way. You can see the top two windows have, now that it's gotten darker, you can there's a little bit of a firelight glow at the very top of it. Make an arcana check. Make a perception check. Ten? You assume it's either some sort of spatial enchantment to it, or it's an illusion, maybe. That's as much as you can make out from it. Natural 20. The city doesn't appear to be heavily changed by any means-- You do notice that, where previously there were some plumes of white smoke or steam that rose from certain, more industrial aspects of the city, are much thinner, appearing to be more residual columns of steam and smoke. You're at the tower. The Tide Peak Tower. Anything you want to do? Yep. Yussa Errennis. Make an intelligence check to see if you can overlay the memory of the sketch you saw with the location in the Quay. Yep. 16. You feel like you've been able to take the two and map them together pretty well. Nothing passes directly beneath the tower, no. The Sluice isn't a wide network. It's a handful of deliberately placed tunnels to make their way towards specific parts of different districts. All right. By the time you make it to the Lavish Chateau, it is sunset. The last bit of light that vanishes over the horizon far over the ocean, the Lucidian Ocean in the distance. You make your way to the interior, where a number of folks have finally gathered. Maybe a handful, six or seven people, are already in there enjoying meals, having drinks. You know that there isn't a performance tonight, but people are in there enjoying the relatively, comparably classy atmosphere, as the familiar band plays their music. What do you want to do? Good call. Okay. All right. You guys make your way up to the third flight. You missed him last time, but you come upon the familiar sight, to you, which was your mother's personal bodyguard for half of the time at the Chateau, Bluude. Which was also responsible at times to watch you and escort you when you went to the city. The rest of you are caught off-guard by the sight of this massive, dual-horned minotaur. Wearing a very, very fine shirt, but is Donald Ducking it the rest of the way. Thankfully, relatively thick, thick fur down there. You'd have to pry to get a good look. But is standing there, arms crossed, and goes, "Oh, Jester!" He comes over and picks you up... Actually, no, he wouldn't recognize you because you're a tortle. Probably not. Not unless you say anything. Now we go into the "Oh, Jester!" There we go, that's the moment. Right, right. With a D. "Of course, I assume that is the case." He knocks on the door. At that point, the door opens up a bit and peeking through is the Ruby of the Sea, Marion, whose hair is perfectly curled, even without an evening performance. She smiles at the sight of all of you at the door and looks curiously at the large skirt-faring tortle. "Hello?" "Not at the moment, no." "Oh, Jester! Hi! Yeah, please, do come inside, everyone. Come on." You all make your way into the chamber. Okay. She shoos out her servants, and the door closes. She has not. She's like, "Oh, my goodness! It is so nice to meet you, Yasha." She shakes her hand and Yasha awkwardly, "Hi," and looks to the rest of you and leans towards the back wall and crosses her arms. Not one for social graces, necessarily, but seemingly looking at Marion, looking at Jester, looking at Marion, and can see the relation. Marion sits down in front of her mirror and her little table set up in the corner, spins back towards the rest of you. "Welcome back. There is no performance tonight, I apologize, but if you would like us to provide food for you or whatever you like, please, do not bother to let me know." "There are a number of guys that I know, yes." "Algar, yes." "He left?" "Huh. Well, that may very well be a great turn of luck in my benefit, definitely. Thank you for looking into that." " Well... that makes me feel more comfortable, thank you very much." "I appreciate it." "Very well! I will ensure that you are all properly taken care of this night." (clapping twice) She goes ahead and brings the servants back in. A meal is placed for the rest of you, and as the evening progresses, and you take a bit of time to rest-- Yeah, go ahead and take a short rest. You guys manage to enjoy probably one of the better meals you've had in a while. You guys are eating downstairs. They're not bringing room service up into her chambers. Not at the moment, no. You hear the heavy footfalls of Bluude making his way down the stairs and goes and finds a corner just to keep an eye. Then Marion, now dressed in her casual evening gown, which in itself is still regal and beautiful and trails behind her up the stairs as she descends, comes to join you at the table and sits. She smiles at the rest of you and gives a renewed nod to Yasha, whom she just met. "Well, I am very happy to see that you've made a good group of friends, a travel family. Just warms my heart." "Is everything all right?" "Not in the slightest! Jester, this is no imposition. I'm just happy to have you home for a bit." "How long do you intend to stay?" "I have a friend who had a similar problem years ago. If you would like, there is a physician we could have take a look at you and see if we can a way to no longer have that problem?" "Ah, young Jester was rambunctious, curious, ever running off, getting into, well, trouble, and finding trouble, making trouble. For me, it was a joy. She was very quick to learn, ever smiling, brightening any chamber she walked into. She had a good sense for who needed to be taken down a peg." "Very much so, more so around adolescence, I think." "But she has always been sweet, inspirational--" "Very proud of her." "Yes but not anything I can speak of in mixed company." You guys are in the downstairs, in the main tavern area of the Chateau. "I agree." It's a big old cast iron tiki mask with giant tusks, oof. All right. "Curious choice, but I understand probably for the best. There is not much of a mouth hole, so eating is going to be very difficult." Takes a little spoon and is like, "All right, here we go try to make it-- there it is. Perfect." You guys talk for a bit. She shares some embarrassing stories of Jester's childhood. Asks each of you a little bit about your story, and we'll say for the better part of the evening, it's an enjoyable respite from the chaos of the day and the chaos of the journey. Your blink dog has dried, as has your weasel. You can, and as you go ahead and find-- there is a coat room, essentially, where the young man who had originally met you when you got there is inside. You can see him sitting in the back on a stool going like this. He's staring in the far way, and there's a coat rack where Professor Thaddeus is sitting on there, staring at him. As you enter the chamber-- "Oh, hey." You can see there's some scratches on his cheek. "Yeah, he's fine. Just watching him right there." I think not? Hard to feed these. Roll an animal handling check. He dives towards you and goes right over your shoulder and is now in the middle of the central tavern. (fluttering) The leather cord of his leash is now dangling as he's up in the rafters (hooting). Everyone in the chamber's like-- there're people that are eating who are like, "What the--?" They're all staring up at this owl that has now found a brief perch up into the roof chamber. Squeaks like a balloon. You're holding the beetle? Make an animal handling check. Eventually, it dives down, snatches and-- a little prick on the finger from one of the talons-- but, eventually, makes a quick meal and heads back up. "Yes?" "Of course. To be honest, I've been thinking about maybe having a pet, so this will be good training." "Well, since you've been gone, you know." "They're interesting, definitely." "I imagine that it is-- how is it special? This sounds like a warning." (poof) It appears on your chest and catch it for a second. She's like, "Oh my." "That is as tricky as, perhaps, the daughter that I have." (panting) "You're home." "Oh. I am your home." Immediately, she goes, "Heh," and pets him over the table. Yeah, it's getting close. About 11, 1120. All right. Make one more animal handling check. Eventually, seeing this command-- (flapping) comes to rest onto your wrist. Okay. You guys make your way through the streets heading towards where? Yeah, well, there's the Restless Wharf and there's the Open Quay. The place that you had heard this information-- You didn't get any specifics, he just said near the docks, but you were in the Restless Wharf when you got this information. All right. Who's helming a lookout? Yeah. There are torch poles set up towards the wharf that are giving a faint bit of light, but other than that, it's not a full moon, but it's mostly full and there's quite a bit of moonlight coming down over the dock. You can see it glittering across the water in the center of the harbor. There are a number of ships quietly set out in that vicinity. The star-clustered sky completely envelopes the air above you. It's a beautiful view. The closer you get to the docks, you can hear the sound of waves crashing from out of view, the creaking of wet wood filling the air as the docks shift and the number of boats that are currently moored to the center of the harbor creak from side to side as the water comes in. Every now and then, you see the slow glowing beam of the Lighthouse pass overhead about once a minute or so. It's a very slow moving, pulsing rhythm. Now ships of varying sizes sit across the dock spread, tied to their various posts, all seemingly lightless and lifeless in their slumber. There's no one doing any sort of evening work on these ships at this hour. You see a handful of zolezzo patrolling up and down the sides of the dock doing their rounds, no urgency or direction necessarily. Make a perception check, if you don't mind, Clay. 26, jesus! Okay then. You-- You watch out for one of the westernmost docks of the district to see a shady figure darting between patrols. Watching as the zolezzo will pass and then use that moment to dart across the street and wait for the next zolezzo to pass and then make their way over to the edge of the wharf. You see them now ducking near a stack of empty shipping crates and they wait, every now and then glancing over when a zolezzo's not nearby or looking towards one of the darkened ships that is anchored towards one of the dock extensions, not that far from one of the docking cranes that's left still after an evening of offloading from one of the other ships. You do watch as a zolezzo holding one of their portable torches and a sheathed sword glances over in the direction of where that shaded figure is. Steps towards it and holds the torch up and begins a soft call out. "Hello?" The shaded figure stands up and approaches, hands open, smiling. Getting a better look, you do see finer elven features, a lighter, ashy hair that's short on the sides and flopped in the front who approaches, talks briefly. You can't really hear what they're saying, it's hushed, but puts something into the hands of the zolezzo. The zolezzo takes a moment, nods and then turns around and leaves his post. The figure goes and then darts back behind the crates once more and keeps looking over towards that one single ship that's about 35 or 40 feet from where he's sitting. Make a stealth check with advantage. Okay. You make your way over to the side of the docks on the opposite end and there's a little step up from this edge of the street and you have a few buildings begin to give way. The road ends and there are bits of it that break off and fall off the short cliffs into the water. There's the docking crane to your left on a bigger piece of the dock that's out of the way, but it's blocking a lot of the view on this side. The ship that this figure is focused on and the crates that he's by on one side. You get to the other and keeping quiet. You don't think you've been noticed. Make a perception check. You're waiting. Not much else seems to be going on. Okay. You just sit there and wait? Okay. The rest of you doing anything? Okay. Mmkay. You begin casting that. Caduceus, as this is happening, there are a few of those torch poles set up and there's one at each dock nexus. The one by that ship the light flickers out. You don't see that, and you're not close enough to hear any of this. You see as a handful of figures seemed to have come out of that ship, walked across the gangplank and put that torchlight out. Make a perception check for you if you want to glance, or are you asking Caduceus? She can't make out details and even from this distance, you can't make out a bunch because they're all wearing either full cloaks or half cloaks that end right about just past the elbow. Hoods up. Not uniform. Patchwork in color and make, but they're all obscuring their features intentionally. Nott, you watch as the figure that's waiting stands up, out of the spot, looks around, looks that there's no zolezzo currently patrolling at the moment and begins now to step onto the dock and walk towards the figures on the ship. Okay. Goes and approaches. The figures, there's now two that have stepped up to meet and you can see now there are a few more that are still in the ship that are watching from-- It's a fair size. I'd say from tip to end, it's about 50 or so feet. Single sail, but a big sail. It's currently furled up. It looks like it's a ship that's designed for speed more than cargo, but it's a decent-sized ship. The dock, as you're walking, continues forward and then it turns a little bit at an angle, and there are other ships that are docked. There's a smaller fishing ship on one side, there's a rowboat that's set off in the water there. It's facing towards you at an angle and is currently anchored at the edge of where the dock turns to the right. There is a gangplank set out between that and the dock where the figures are stepping up. They're meeting right where that gangplank is and where that torch was snuffed. All right. Go ahead and make a-- How do I want to do this? There you go. I walked into that one. Make an acrobatics check for me, Fjord. (splashing) The figures all of a sudden all stop and turn, as well as the one who was talking, and they all look in your direction. Thaumaturgy-- it's not so much an audio mimicry spell, but you can make certain sounds happen, so I'll say roll a performance check. (unconvincing dolphin chittering) (laughter) Make a deception check. Make a deception check with disadvantage. As you give this display, the figure with the sword out that was looking for the edge of the water where Fjord was looks over at you and goes-- with the little bit of features you can see a chin, a scruffy beard poking out beneath the hood, still with the blade there, turns back, gives a hand motion towards the ship. Oh, it's about ten foot. You can climb up on the cliff if you need to. No. When you started this, everyone was going into the-- you're maybe three minutes. The figure gets within 15 feet of where you're standing and says, "Hey! Piss off!" Closes his fist. Three arrows get loosed from the ship in your direction. That's a 14 to hit. Misses, I believe? That's a 19 to hit. And another 19. That is seven points of damage. Go for it. It's 1d10 plus your monk level, isn't it? Yeah, you roll a d10 plus your monk level. Six. Ooh, okay. Roll a d6 plus-- Right, the arrow is a d6 plus your dexterity modifier. I believe it's-- let me check the rules real fast. Yeah, it's a d6 plus your dex. Seven points of damage. You send one back, you hear (pained grunt), but at a pretty decent distance. The other one that hit you, that's eight points of damage. That's a second ki point you spent. Right, but you've already used one reaction, so you have to spend another ki point to get an additional reaction. Eight points. One point of piercing damage. Okay, go for it. Yeah. Is this to the guy that already took an arrow, or to another? Because there were three of them that fired at you. The same guy gets hit by both arrows. At this point, the guy who had given the order sees you do this and his hand comes down, gives a quick shout over his shoulder, "Come on! Take them out, "they've seen too much!" That's what I'm about to show you. That is the figure. No, I think we're all right. So you guys were-- Actually you should be a little further back. Fjord, you are in the water right there. Caduceus, Jester. Nott, you would have been hiding off to the other side of the dock here. Caduceus, Jester? You're keeping out of sight, best you can, to watch this. Yasha-- whoever wants to run Yasha-- is going to be with you guys as well. We will, because we're going to take a break before we jump into this, because it's nine o'clock. That'll give you guys a moment to figure your shit out. We'll be right back, here. For this giveaway, while we're gone, by Wyrmwood, we have here the-- oh, it's cherry wood! There's this nice little cherry wood piece here with the eastern sea of the Euphoros Peninsula, drawn by our awesome friend Deven Rue. This is the full dice tower and little dice box set. This will be going to one of you lucky winners out there. To enter this tonight-- where did I put the sheet of paper? There it is. Somewhere in the vicinity. (laughs) I was prepared and then it went away. Well, if I recall-- Yeah, my paper completely vanished. The code word is marid. M-A-R-I-D, marid. M-A-R-I-D. Head over to the Critical Role Twitch chat to enter. Enter it only once. Any more than that and you'll be disqualified. We'll come back with a winner here in a moment. See you guys in a second. [break] Yeah. I need you all to roll initiative, please. Yes, if you don't mind. What'd you roll for you? All right, starting at the top. 25 to 20? Nice! 25 to 20? He's the only one? Okay. 20 to 15? All right. Okay. 15 to ten? What did Yasha roll, again? I'd say it's a plus... let's say a plus seven to hit. You know the rules for rage. We'll go with that. She does an additional... You should probably pull up the stuff. That was something that should've done during the break. Well, you did not. Now you don't have Yasha's abilities. That's how it works out. Yasha will be doing some damage, if she gets there. All right, so, top of the round. Fjord, in the middle of this chaos now breaking, the arrows being flung, you are in the water and ten feet below the dock. What're you going to do? All right. Yeah, that's what it is. No, it's Summer's Dance. I love it. What is the-- Well, I was going to say, the Misty Step, is it on a short rest or a long rest that it gets back? Gotcha, perfect. All right, make a persuasion check with disadvantage. Yeah! Because you literally showed up, ruined this whole deal he was about to make. He's not willing. The spell still happens, he just doesn't come with. He tried. How long is the-- 90 feet? Most likely, yeah. You have to count it out. Yeah, easily, you can make it anywhere on that dock, pretty much. Well, it doesn't kill Marius, that's good. All right, so there's this blast, this loud thunderous sound, which may have gotten the attention of a nearby zolezzo or two. There's none in view currently, so you don't know, it could be a while until one of them shows up. You get the sense that that was a loud noise, because it's a Thunder Step. That ends your turn? Yeah. That ends your turn. That brings us now to the bowmen. The bowmen, who-- No, actually. You showed up and made a (poof), but they don't know where you showed up. You just vanished out of sight. They're all going to focus on... On the one they were already told to fire at, so they're all going to aim at Beau. That's going to be-- Actually, they had a hard time with you and you threw it back, so only one of them's going to fire on you. The other two are going to fire at Caleb. Against Beau, that is-- 20 to hit. At this point it's midnight. You guys went there mid-afternoon, so it's been... Yeah, it's been past eight hours. That is four points of damage to you, Beauregard. All righty. Then two attacks against you Caleb. Both are 15. They both splinter off of you, no issue. You are after Beau and Nott, then other characters go, and then your turn. They're going to go ahead and-- This guy's going to move up to the side here to get a better view of you. This guy's going to shift off to the side. This guy's going to move up to the top to get a better view as well. The one that's moving by is going to be like, "Quick, quick!" and he's like shouting down into the door that leads deeper into the ship underneath the ladder right there. That brings us to Beau and Nott's turn. This guy is Marius. Beau, it's your turn. What are you doing? Right here? All right, so you rush up to him. Go for it. Roll for an attack. 12 misses. You punch short. You swing and it hits, but it hits his heavy splint armor and hurts your knuckles a bit, and he takes it. Now that you're up in his face, you can see he's a big, imposing half-orc and currently looks to not feel very threatened by you. That was your first attack. 17 just hits. TRAVIS. 17 just hits. Six points of damage, all right. All right! That's a 17; 15 plus two on a constitution save. So Stunning Strike, no effect, unfortunately. You still have your bonus action. Okay. You got it. Nott? As far as you know, he doesn't see you. Mm-hmm. That definitely hits. Go ahead and roll sneak attack damage. 21 points of damage. You watch as he goes from this arrogant, watching you flounder in front of him as he takes the blows and keeps grinning, suddenly double over as the bolt is now deeply buried into his abdomen. Yeah, that was a pretty tough hit. He's hurt! (laughs) Roll a stealth check. Yeah, you do. (laughs) Now you know. All right, that ends your guys' go. It is now the Enforcers' turn. One Enforcer comes out of the center of the ship and looks and sees this going. The guy up top goes, "Quick, burn it all!" This guy is going to go ahead and jump back down into the ship. That Enforcer's going to pull out a hand crossbow and is going to go ahead and take a shot at you, since you're off in that way. Has disadvantage on the attack, but you're--right now-- Because you're out of his range. He's going to go ahead and grab and pull Marius towards the gang plank. He's going to go ahead and fire at you. That's 15 to hit? Misses, yeah. You (bash) with your shield. Ricochets off, no issue. That's going to be the end of the Enforcers' turn. Jester, you're up. You look like you're-- it's close. Okay. (counting) Yeah, he's within 60 feet. All right. He-- the guy with Marius-- rolls a natural 17. The guy next to Beau rolls a natural three. (singing) Paralyzed. You are currently concentrating there. The big guy with the bolt in his stomach goes (groans) and his whole body locks up and you can see his eyes go wild as he glances down at you, unable to move at all. Does that finish your turn? You can keep moving the rest of your movement if you want to. Around here, you mean? Okay. (counting) 25, 30. That's as far as you can get with your movement. All right, that ends your go. That brings us to Caleb. Yep, from lobbing this stack of fruits and heavy wooden boxes into his head. All right. As the crates slam into him, the body rocks back for a minute, but is still holding itself in place. Right now there's splinters of wood sticking out of his armor, his jaw is all messed up. The hood gets blown back and you can see the grayish hair that's tangled and sea air-matted that is now streaked with blood from the impact. Bits of his face are covered in gore. He's looking pretty hurt. He's also taken a rough round. This has not gone well. All right, so Caleb, that ends your turn? It's now the captain's turn... who is paralyzed. His really, really cool round that he was going to do that was going to be really awesome doesn't happen because he's fighting against the spell. He's going to make his save. He's going to make a wisdom save to see if he can resist the-- That's a 12. He did not save. He's still held. All right. That brings us to Caduceus. Okay, towards? All right, go ahead and make the ranged attack roll. You're casting it at first level? All right. Guiding Bolt, I think, is 120 feet. I think it's pretty far. Yeah, that'll hit. He's only wearing leather armor. Nice! The bolt hits him and and you see now this vibrant glow as the impact-- the energy forms around his chest, creating this beacon. The next attack against that Enforcer right on the gangplank has advantage. He's pretty visibly hurt. He's not on his last legs or anything, but he's taken some wear and tear. As a bonus action? Go for it. Full movement? There? Okay, there you go. You are not visible at the moment. That finishes Caduceus' turn. Yasha's up. Understood. Easy enough to do. She does. She gets two. I mean, you can. Go for it. She has advantage on him, because he's paralyzed. No, reckless, any attacks against you. Yeah. It's been a while since you've been reckless. It's fine. That hits and that is an auto-crit because he's paralyzed. 12 does not hit. Unfortunately. For her, as a-- Yeah, that's going to be bad for him. This is for the zealot. There we go. The first hit equals 1d6 plus half your-- okay, so it's 2d6 plus six damage. The dice are doubled. Plus an additional d6. That's doubled. 26, I think? That's 28 plus six for her barbarian level. Yeah, she just eviscerates him. Man. As he's there, frozen in place, Yasha's rushed up and cleaves right through his chest, and you watch as he folds into two pieces, both tumbling off into the water. There's now two halves of the orc floating in the water below. All right. Fjord, you're up. Yeah, that'll get-- you can't get everybody in the ship. You'd be missing either the guy at the front or the guy at the back. Which one do you want to--? Okay, so the front, then. That's a wisdom saving throw. That is a 15. 13 plus two. The guy at the front resists. Next guy behind him natural 16 plus two. He resists. The guy next to Marius fails, and Marius fails. You watch as both Marius and the Enforcer standing on the gangplank, their faces immediately go dull as they stare up at this-- what you see as nothing. You have no visual perspective on what's happening, but suddenly they both go slack-jawed and stand staring up in the air at this empty space. Yeah, kind of. All right, so that's your action? Anything with your movement? All right. You make your way to the edge of the dock right there. Perfect. All right, that ends your turn. It's now the bowmen's turn. Seeing you now casting the spell, making a ruckus on the dock nearby, all three of them turn to face you. This guy's going to go ahead and shift over and get a bit closer to the edge, and all three of them are going to fire at you, Fjord. Natural 20 on the first hit. Of none of them. Double-check that just in case. The next hit against you is 17 plus four. Oh, suffers? You can remove that. Okay, and that's a natural 17 plus four. All three hit you. The crit is not a crit thanks to Caduceus. That's going to be six points of piercing damage, seven points of piercing damage, and seven points of piercing damage. (arrows impacting) They're going to go ahead and then use their movement to back up a bit back into the ship. This guy's going to duck below over here. They all duck low and they're all going to attempt to hide. Okay. You watch as they all disappear into the shadows of the ship's deck. You're uncertain where the bowmen are. That brings us to Beau and Nott. Go for it. 24 to hit? Yeah, that hits. Yeah, it's advantage to hit, so you can roll twice, sorry. There you go. Because he's not aware that you were there, and you were hidden? Yes. Nice. He immediately breaks out of the stupor, glances over and looks at you, and he's hurt pretty bad. He's glancing over in your direction, looking at the rest of everyone there, seeing how things are shifting. Looking to his ship, he looks like he's planning something. What else are you going to do? Go for it. 17 to hit? That still hits. (death groans) (cheering) Marius, no! Marius is still just standing there in the middle of the gangplank, looking upward, going-- All right. Beau? They don't know that. They don't know this ability. All right. (counting) 45 speed? Oh, I thought it was 40. It's a rough night out here in Nicodranas. (laughter) There you go. You're up on the gangplank with him now. You can use your action to grapple, if you want to. Okay. Make an athletics check. No, it doesn't matter; you have him. I just wanted to see you roll. He's not fighting at all. He's literally just standing there going-- you grab him. Do you have a ki point? You can. You have to pull him back at half speed, but yeah. I'll say that knocks him out of his stupor. When you're choking him and forcing to pull him backwards-- Yeah. But grapple by putting your staff into his throat and pulling him backwards-- You've pulled Marius back. All right, that finishes Beau's turn. That finishes Nott's turn, now it's the Enforcers' turn. One Enforcer fell over, keeled over, dead. The other one is going to step back out from the inside for a second. He's carrying a heavy crossbow that he has winched back. Pulls it up and is going to spin and-- the first person he sees coming out of there is probably going to be you, Beau, because you are the one who's grabbing him and pulling him off the gangplank as he steps out and looks and sees you. I'd say you have half cover because of the boxes that you've pulled up behind. Unless you want to use him as a human shield? That's up to you. He gets two shots. Natural 20 and a 17, which I don't think hits, right? Yep. That is 20 points of piercing damage. You have a reaction still, right? You take nine points-- 15? Is that how much it reduces it by, total? I know, that's fine. Okay, reroll. 1d10 plus your monk level plus your dexterity? No, it's monk level and dexterity, you're right. You totally got it, go for it. All right, you take seven points of piercing damage. That ends that. That brings us to Caleb. No sorry, Jester, you're up first, then Caleb. On Beau? All righty. I know, seriously. Right now, you can see one guy on the boat. What's the range on Sacred Flame? He gets a what save? Is it constitution or is it wisdom? Oh, a dex. That would be 13; that's a failure. It's all good. It was a good move. That's as far as you go. You used the rest of your movement to get up to that point. That ends your go. Caleb, you're up. This is not a moral group by any stretch of the imagination. They're getting better than they used to be, but man. You're getting the boat in this, too? All right. Let's do it. Okay. Specify that next time, but sure, go for it. I know you would. I know, that's fine. You'd have to spend an action to look for it. The name would be towards the back, and it's facing away from you. The Enforcer fails, so he takes the full 27. Success, success, and failure. You move behind here. I'm going to roll a saving throw for the ship's sails. Not bad. The sails do not catch fire. They're charred a little bit from underneath, but the ship isn't now suddenly a giant burning torchlight beacon in the middle of the fucking harbor. I know. I respect that. That ends Caleb's go. Captain's dead. Caduceus, you're up. Yeah, you're within range. There you go, eight points to Beau. Where're you going? Okay. There's Caduceus. Finishing your go. Yasha's up. Okay. If she wants to, she can attempt to grapple and then pull him out of Beau's grip, or we can say she holds her action and then-- it gets a little weird, because it's-- movement is what you pull him out of the way. I'll allow it. Yes, because he is resisting amongst her grapple as well, and it's harder to do that. Yeah. All right, now it's Marius's turn. He's going to attempt to break free, now that he's full of mind and he's freaking out. "What's he-- what's going--?" Make an acrobatics check against your athletics. Technically, since you're both grappling, either you or Yasha can make the check, and it's with advantage, I'll say, because you're both holding. Strength is plus three and it would be at plus six, probably. All right, go for it. TRAVIS and Oh, he almost rolled really high. He does still manage to break free! Yay! He's going to run. The ship's not on fire, but he has no reason to trust any of you and was meeting with these people. If he's going to choose between the two, he's going to step into the ship there. He's like, (panting), gets down low, and is hiding. But you know right where he is. That brings us to the top of the round. Fjord, your turn. At that guy? You can look and see now he is not the Enforcer that went below deck previously. He's dressed similarly, but now that you get a better look at this view in the light, he's somebody else. There is still one person down in the ship. That hits. That hits. Roll damage. Yeah, he has leather armor. His AC is 11; he's pretty easy to hit. Ooh, that'll do it. Both blasts take him down. The attrition is not working well in his favor. Caduceus, you do hear-- a ways away, not here yet, but you do hear some voices and footfalls, armored footfalls. You get the sense that zolezzo are on their way. He will say on his turn when he gets there. The bowmen now, who've been hidden below the deck and have endured the Fireball, two of them are going to, from their positions, stand up, and they're going to take shots at you. (arrows firing) They have advantage on both because they were hidden from you. That is a 19 to hit? Second one, that's cocked. Advantage. That is a 20 to hit. They have sneak attack because they were hidden from you. 29 points of piercing damage, from those two hits. The third goes and unfurls the sail and pulls the rope, and it begins to unroll. A little bit of wind is blowing. It opens up a bit. No, it is fairly plain. You get the sense that they're now looking for a way to get out of here. Ships aren't the fastest when it comes to exits, but they're trying. That brings us to Beau and Nott. At the end of their turn, these guys are going to move back as well, and attempt to hide again. They're not very good at hiding, though. (laughs) They rolled really bad. All three of them. At once. A one, a three, and a four. That's funny. You see them duck down but they're all pulling out their arrow and nocking it into the bow, and you can see exactly where they're hidden. What's the plan, Beau and Nott? Make your choices, guys. No, the Enforcer's dead. Fjord just blew him up on the side. There's now only three bowmen on the deck, and they're all hurt really badly from the fireball explosion, and they all think they're hidden but they're not. Move around the side? All right. Against which one? Go for it. Roll for attack, with advantage because he does not see you. Yeah, that hits, so go ahead and roll damage. With sneak attack. The impact hits him and he falls back and hits the edge of the ship, and then tumbles over and splooshes into the water behind. You hear no noise. Okay. You rush, running across the gangplank. As soon as you come to the edge you look down, and there's one of the guys who's about to turn with his bow and goes (gasp) and sees you-- Go for it, roll for an attack. Ten misses. You go and kick, and the water on the slick deck makes you slip. You catch yourself and don't tumble off the side-- That hits. You go for one roundhouse and slip, using the momentum you spin with a lower circle kick, like a sweep kick, which is about head level with him. Eight points of damage? That'll do it. The bowmen don't have a lot of hit points. He (groan) and then falls unconscious onto the deck of the ship. You do have enough movement, you have 15 feet more, so you leap down onto his crumpled unconscious body, and his other friend is going to pull back to try and take a shot while he's backing up towards the back portion of the ship. That'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage. And so he-- You (impact sound), and he falls unconscious onto the ground. He's like (startled gasping). Make a persuasion check. Yeah! You just killed or beat unconscious the guys he was coming to meet. Seven? He right now is looking panicked, and the words aren't coming through. He thinks maybe you're calling him a gentleman. He's like (panicked noises), and he's backing away from you. All right, that ends Beau and Nott's turn. You do hear what sounds like some movement. The door is partially open to the cabin below and there is light coming from the inside, some sort of lantern light. You hear things being moved around. You have five more feet to get to the door and look beneath but you don't see anything yet. Well, the door is on the side, so you'd have to put your weight against it, yeah. You're up against the door. That brings us to Jester. You can make an action to dash if you want to get there and do nothing else. You're making your way across the gangplank like, "oh god!" You're just about to make it to the ship, and that's the end of your bonus dash. Caduceus, you're up. No, sorry, Caleb! You can do that! Vax is back, baby. Correct. You can move 80 feet. It's a bonus action to cast the spell. Oh, and when you cast the spell, and then as a bonus action-- oh, wow, so it's a dash action as the spell when it's cast as well, so yeah. That's 120 feet. You do, actually, Jester tumbles forward into the boat from the sheer force of Caleb (zooming sound) flashing into the space. All right, that finishes Caleb's turn. From around this corner-- --begin to appear, and now the zolezzo that are coming around the corner are coming forward with torches. There are more a little further down the way, and they're shouting out, "What's going on? What is--" Looking around, they can see you, Fjord, they can see Yasha up on the side, and they can see people on the ship across the way. But that's their turn. They've acknowledged you and they're telling you to halt and they're asking for your attention. Now it's going to turn to Caduceus' turn. They do not see you. The sound you heard, you couldn't quite make out the direction it's coming from, but you can now hear it coming from around the edge of the street. With? You're stretching the cantrip a bit. It's a sound, like a bird caw. You can't create the sound of a whole crowd screaming. (door slamming sound). It does so. All right, go ahead and-- actually, no, this would be on their end. It does catch their attention, and they look over, and the few that hadn't seen Fjord now look over and see Fjord on the dock as well. There you go. They are aware of those that are currently visible on the deck of the ship, and Fjord, and Yasha over there. That ends it-- Yasha's turn? What's Yasha going to do? She doesn't need to. With her speed she gets onto the ship there. Okay. That brings us to the top of the round. Fjord, your go. As you do that, the guards are going, "Hey! Hey! Halt!" and they're drawing and loading crossbows. You are not stopping, you are not hailing, you are not listening to anything they're saying. They assume you are stealing a ship. Which you are. The sails are unfurled. It's still anchored, you notice as you get to the dock. Yeah. They were just starting to get the process going of getting the ship done, and there is still somebody down inside rummaging through the interior. Yeah. You as a sailor, you get there and asses the situation and you're like, "This is going to take a little bit to get the boat out of here." I mean, through natural means. I don't know what you have at your disposal, but-- All right, so you've taken your dodge action. All the bowmen are gone. That brings us to Beau and Nott. Yeah, you're tied onto the side, and then there's an anchor off the side. You managed to pull it up. Make a Strength check to see if you can get it all the way up. Oh, sorry, I misunderstood. You go ahead-- Not both. It's an action to untie and get it off the dock. Okay, so you shove off a bit. There's still a good distance. The gangplank is there, so it's not right up against the dock per se. There's not much you can push off of but you do manage to get it untied. All right. Nott? This is great. This is D&D, motherfuckers. Well, there were a few times that Vox Machina was in this territory. She managed to untie it from the dock itself. No, the gangplank is still resting-- Probably. Okay. I'll make an image of that captain guy at the end of the dock, or something, trying to hail them down. Not saying anything. Just doing this. There you go. Right there at the edge of the dock. All right. That brings us to Jester. You see the guards. They're arming crossbows. They're running towards the dock. One of them has his hands up, hailing, "Hey, hey!" and is trying to get your attention. What are you doing? Okay. Where do you want it? Okay. Very obviously run over and look like she's running over here and hiding. Good to know. No, that's the illusion. All right. Okay. Go ahead and roll an attack for the AC of wood, which isn't terribly high. It is. It has an AC. That hits. Hits the water. (sploosh) Okay. So two hit. Go ahead and roll damage. 12 damage. All right. (explosions) The dock splinters and bits of it char and burn and go flying. It (cracks) but it's still standing. It wasn't enough to destroy the entire dock. It's damaged. Okay. (whoosh) You vanish inside the interior of the cabin, pushing past Beau, who's been holding the door shut. As soon as you come down inside, there's a lantern, and there's one of the Enforcers, who you can see is burning papers. (gasps) You have a bonus action cantrip? All right. That finishes your turn. That comes to the guards. The guards, the one who was putting his hands up and was shouting, "Hey!" to hail you, and was asking what's going on, has no choice but to assume that you're destroying the dock and stealing a ship now. Because you are. He's going instead to pull out his heavy crossbow, and load it. They're going to move up to the side here. The weird butterfly effect of D&D actions. All right, so the guards are going to go ahead and they're all going to fire. It's going to be two against you, Fjord, two against Yasha, and one against Marius. Against Fjord, that is a 15 and a 17. All righty. You take six points of piercing damage. Both against Jester... terrible rolls. That is a 12 and ten. They both just (whiff) past. Oh no, those were against Yasha. They could have seen you but Yasha was the bigger threat, but it still misses Yasha. Last one against Marius misses, surprisingly, with a natural seven. He's just (yelps) and he's looking at all this happening. He looks freaked out. That's going to end the guards' turn. Caduceus. As you are-- 30. That gets you just-- Finds his own adventure! (laughter) No, that's it-- There is. It's a closed window, but you could try and break it. Okay, so you're over on that side. That's the end of your turn. Why not? Just go all in! Yasha... All right, so Yasha goes over to the side, pulls it up (grunts). Gets it on the inside. You're now currently not tethered to-- Okay. She's trying her best to protect Marius. I would say, yeah. The time you really miss the Air Ashari... All right. Now it's Marius's turn. What Marius was going to do, he can't do now. Well, he might try. No, no. Hold on. Marius moves past Yasha. He gets up to the top of the edge of the ship. And... let me roll for him to see if-- that's actually pretty good, okay. He glances about the scenario, takes in his chances and what's happening, and stands up and goes, "Hold! Hold please! This is a big misunderstanding! "Let's talk this out!" To the guards. For the sake of this, I'm going to have one of you guys roll for him. Who wants to roll his-- Persuasion check with disadvantage. No. Because it would make it more interesting. Okay, yeah, that's not having any effect on them. They're beyond convincing now, it looks like. Yeah, he did. But, you know. That finishes the round. Fjord, you're up. Sure. Okay, you make your way down, and you join up at the side of Caleb. You can see now, the Enforcer that's there, throwing the paper that's currently burning onto the table and he's pulling a weapon out and he's-- You said double dash. It would have taken that to get there, so. All right. All right. Now, as he sees you and he's pulling the blade, you rush into the fray, and what heavy shadows still lie in the bottom here, with the little bit of lantern and fire light that's lighting the space, the shadows get darker around him, and you can see everyone's breath is visible suddenly in this under chamber as the curse takes its hold on him. That goes to Beau and Nott. Beau has never been on a ship. The one sailor is below deck right now. Make an intelligence check. Okay, you look at it. You've been watching boats come into harbor, and you've read things about it, but mostly from your observational skills, which is one of your focuses and strengths, Beauregard, you're like, "Okay, I think I've seen people, you know, making ships go." You grab the ropes, you pull, and you yank past, and you watch as the sail picks up the wind and stiffens. It's like-- Beau, for those purposes, up on the top, there, holding the rope, and you're like, "Ah, okay, there's a sail!" Nott, what are you doing? As far as you know, the gangplank is resting on there. You don't know if it's connected at all. You're starting to drift a little bit. The wind has picked up a little bit. Make an athletics check to grapple. Straight 18. Yeah. Like a wet paper bag, he goes over, "Ah!" (boof) and they both slam onto the deck below. You have him grappled and you're like holding him down. You're not-- you don't weigh a lot, but you're leveraging and pulling the weight in a way where he can't-- his knees are buckled and he can't actually get any ground to hold himself up, so. You got him. All right. The Enforcer who's below, who has the curse, is going to go ahead and swing forward two attacks with his blade. This is going to be... this is going to be against you, Fjord, because you're the one that came in and cursed him. That's going to be a 15 to hit. (impact) Shield off to one side. Natural 19. That is ten points of slashing damage. You (groan). You just manage to hold on by a thread. Your consciousness waning, your eyes focus angrily towards the target of your Hexblade's Curse. All right. That brings us to Jester's turn. Okay. Ones up front? The one up here is the leader, the one that was guiding them on stuff. He fails with a natural three. Two natural threes in a row! Fucking lucky. The third one on the far end... is a natural six. Okay. So. You are currently-- oh no, it's not concentration for Charm Person. Those three are charmed. They are technically in combat with you. Makes a wisdom saving throw and does so with advantage if you or your companions are fighting it. Yeah, there's been enough aggressive action, they're considered fighting. They've all failed their save. I'm going to do one more roll for all of them. The leader-- that's cocked. That's a natural 12 plus two, 14. What's your DC? 15. That's a natural ten and a natural 11! They all fail again. Yeah, they're all still charmed. Well done. That's kind of crazy, actually. All right, so we'll say the red here is Charm Person. The three of them drop their weapons for a second and are looking confused. The ones behind are still loading and getting ready. Okay, that ends your turn, Jester. Caleb. Okay. This is a natural seven, that's a failure. After slashing into Fjord and turning towards you and seeing that fall, he throws his weapon down and crawls under the table angrily, like "Grr, I'm going to get you under this table!" and then he gets there and looks very confused. Let's see here. Yeah, we'll say that's what his next action would be, since technically it's out of turn. Yeah. It's happening simultaneously. You look up and you see this scenario. You see the guards are still standing there at the edge. The ship is moving, it's slowly pulling away. That brings us to the guards' turn. The two in the back are going to go ahead and fire. That's going to be one at Beau and one at Yasha. Against Beau, that is a 17 to hit. Against Yasha, that is a 16 to hit. I believe that does hit. She doesn't have a huge armor class, if I recall. She does take only five points of piercing damage. Well, she hasn't attacked anything. Did she take damage last turn? Oh, she was attacked last turn, so she's still raging. But there were a few rounds there where she didn't hit anything, so the rage fell. Oh, that's true. He fails, so he goes to fire and he has to choose another target. It's okay. It's a 1st-level spell. Instead, he's going to fire that at Yasha as well. Okay, that is a failure. That is a natural seven. No damage outside of the damage that she took there. At that point, the leader goes, "Wait hold, what are you doing? Stand back!" and the guy's like, "What are you talking about?" "Hold on. We have to figure this out. Something is strange about this. "Hold up!" He starts shouting to hail in your direction, and the other guards are putting their weapons away and are about to walk over. The two in the back are like, "What?!" Yeah, they are not sure what's happening. They are not perceptive enough to have seen that it's a spell effect that has changed them. They're confused by it. We'll see if they figure it out soon. With that, these guys are going to begin to walk and make their way toward the broken docks. They see the illusory guy there and look confused. There's the guy just waving to them. That's all he's doing repeatedly. He's like one of those mannequins holding the electrical signs on the street. Yeah, he's a wacky waving-- A half-orc. These guards are going to chase up confused and they're going, "Sir! Sir! Sir!" and they're not entirely certain what's going on. They're really confused by the scenario. That's going to go to Caduceus. 25, 30. Oh, this way? 25, 30. It's a ten-foot drop. Yep. Sure, make an athletics check. Nine? You slip and fall a little bit. You get down about five feet and you make a splash sound. Yeah, they don't notice. Five, ten, 15, 20. Yeah, you're slowly wading through the water. Okay, that ends you're go. Yasha's turn. Yasha, as far as you know, does not know boats. She's never mentioned anything about it, and Yasha looks like she doesn't know what she's doing. She's not giving orders, or rushing to take a post. Yasha will go ahead and push on the gangplank. Make a strength check for Yasha shoving off. She shoves and the whole boat shifts suddenly. The gangplank plunges down into the water and it's floating there on the top. The ship gets shoved off about ten feet in that direction. "All right, all right!", and he stays quiet there, and doesn't do anything. Fjord? 15 feet of movement to get up there. You have 15 more feet of movement and you have an action. You get up and man it. It starts arcing and making its way in that direction, turning slowly. Okay. Fjord, in a fit of frustration and anger, once the rudder is locked in place and the ship begins to turn in position, bashes his head in very much a "This is so stupid!" movement. It doesn't knock you unconscious, but you are dizzy as fuck. You have you hit your head real hard on there to do a point of damage. Do you want to do that? Frustration, you'll hurt yourself, but to take a point of damage? You're like, "Ugh!" There's a little bit of blood trickling out from where the head got mashed a little bit. The partially splintered wood from the explosion of the Fireball earlier... That ends Fjord's turn. Now the ship is moving on initiative 20. The ship moves out and is over there now, and is turning this way. That brings us to Beau and Nott. You're just using your action to hold onto the sail and keep it open. You're the only one, really. Listening to the thing, you eventually get her to figure it out. You get the sail situated, and that will be your action for the turn. Okay, Nott? There is a couple of coils of rope left there in the far corner of the-- you'll have to release him to go get it. Still holding him, because he's keeping quiet, the rope hovers over and plops next to you. Okay! Go ahead and make a sleight of hand check for me. Well, just a general dexterity check, actually. You're not proficient in this, necessarily, so just add your dexterity modifier. Okay, you've begun the process. It's not an immediate-- You're not a master of rope tying, necessarily. This round, the ropes are slipping and while Marius is fighting against it a little bit, you're not getting too much of a hold on it. All right, that ends your go. The Enforcer below, who has completed the-- now is when he's ducked behind, because he lost his action to do that. He now gets under the table, throws his weapon down, and goes, "What the fuck?" Goes to pick up the weapon; that's his turn. Jester, you go. It's so ridiculous. No, but he performed the action. Yeah, spell ends. The leader goes, "No!", who considers you a friend at the moment and is seemingly really distraught to watch this happen. I take it you're not concentrating on your Silent Image anymore? Okay. That vanishes right as she kills herself and falls into the water. Very confused. Okay. You move up to the door and-- holding it there. You're keeping low, yeah. It's half movement, you still get there, and you're prone. All right, Caleb. No. How it works is, you give them a task. He went and hid under the table for safety, which he did. But it wasn't specific enough. It wasn't a very specific suggestion. No, you locked him down there. "You're in here with me!" All right, you put out the fire. You can see now, it looks like what was a map that is mostly burned entirely. On the map? Yeah, you see part of the Coast, and you see some notes, and you see something on there. Clearly looking at it, there is information on it, but you're putting it out, (blowing). That's going to be your turn. That brings us to the guards' turn. The guards in the back are shaking the other guard, "What are you doing? They're getting away!" He's like, "Look. This is a "very confusing scenario, and we're trying to ascertain what's happening. They seem safe for "now, but why did this dock explode?" "She just killed herself, go check on her, make sure she's okay!" The guard's like-- Natural 20. They're like, "This is foul magic." He starts slapping him in the face and he's like, "Get away," and he's like, "Call a mage, we have to get this taken care of." They start shouting for help. Frumpkin's still hanging out over here. I figured you would've blinked Frumpkin. You still have an octopus Frumpkin with you. The guards are now-- Yeah. They're momentarily distracted by all the things that have happened, the ship getting away and their leader's essentially acting really dumb, and now ascertaining that it's magical, they don't know what to do, so they're starting to shout out, and one of them's starting to leave and go to get help. They start darting this way, shouting. These guys all begin to inspect and try to see if they can find the poor woman. This guy dives into the water to try and see if he can save her. (laughter) That's their action. Caduceus? 30. That's as much as you can get. It's half movement in the water. (laughter) Yeah, there's a single torch over here that is loosely lighting the vicinity. For Caduceus-- you do have a high passive perception. There are shapes in the water below. No. They weren't immediately-- at night, no. You're getting out under the dock and you-- and a little bit of light that's coming through from the moonlight, you look and you can see something in the water. That ends your turn. Yasha's go. Sure. You're just holding the ship. Not much else to do. All right, so, at this point, Marius is-- there's not much else he can do. Fjord, your turn. All right, make a perception check, please. 18. You do... You do see-- (laughter) (laughter) I'm so happy! This went so far from any of my expectations! I love Dungeons & Dragons! All right, so keeping up with that, that ends Fjord's turn. The boat now moves on initiative count 20 to there. All right. Beau and Nott, we'll say for the purposes of expediency on this. You felt the door go (thump). That's all you know. You don't see Caleb on the ship. Where's Caleb?! Okay, Caleb's standing there. All right. Caleb, you doing anything? Yeah, he's making his way up the stairs after you. Go ahead roll for attack. Oh, that's right. Ah, it's cocked. Natural six. Well, yeah, scurvy, you know? 17 points of damage. (crash) Right in the back of the skull. He's like, "Ahh!", and you can see him holding back, he's holding the sword. He's hurt. But he's still coming at you. (laughs) All right. With an immediate burst of speed in a rush, very akin to The Flash making his way through the city, Caleb just (poof!) appears there on top with Fjord and Beau. The guy who's now looking at you, Jester, you see the guy had his sword out and, "Ah!", looks confused and sees you and goes, (growls) and is going to come up with the sword. He doesn't realize how fucked he is. He doesn't know that the ship has been taken. He's feeling pretty competent. Probably. All right, so on that, he's going to go ahead and make his way towards you, Jester. He comes up and is going to make two swings at you. Well, first you have to see if it hits. That is going to be a 15 to hit. I believe that misses. That's a 19 to hit. All right, go for it. That is ten points of slashing damage to you. A two-handed (whoosh) swings past you. He has to make a save, right? That is a natural 14, but has no bonus to his dex, so it's a 14. Right, because it's a racial ability. He takes half damage? What is it? All right. Ice shards pierce out of the blast area and his body is (groans). He's looking really hurt now, and he's frustrated and his eyes are starting to go a little wild, realizing that this is turning on him pretty heavily. All right. Caduceus. (counting) You're just like, (breathing hard). As you glance over-- All right, Yasha goes up and brings Caduceus back onto the ship. You have a bonus action. All right. You got it, Fjord. Seven points to you. Fjord, anything? Just keeping the ship going? On this way. The boat continues on for another 20 or 30 feet-- actually 30 feet. It's starting to get a little speed and it's picking up the wind as it's making its way curving out towards the harbor. The guards continue running off. These guys are all searching for the body of the woman. The Enforcer actually technically would have his attack on this round. I missed that. The Enforcer does his attacks on you, Jester. Yeah, you can. It's your turn now. You get one attack. Make an intimidation check. 13? He doesn't buy it. He's like back in-- The deck isn't very high. He can't really look and see the ship before you entirely. He's just seeing you right there in the way. He's just hacking at you with his sword. So the words don't come through. He thinks it's a bluff. Caleb. You are down next to her. Persuasion. Disadvantage. Yeah, what did you roll? No, you guys are all standing on the door and going like, "Come on, bud. Come on!" He's going, "No! No! You're lying!" Yeah, the guards aren't an issue anymore at the moment. Caduceus, anything you need to do? Or you just holding on the ship? Got you. All right. Bringing it back. Fjord, anything? Holding the ship. Ship continues off. You guys are picking up speed now as the wind has come in and the ship is now making its way. You turned it around a little bit. That was going bad. Oh, yeah. That's why I love when shit goes wrong like this. These are my favorite moments in D&D. The Enforcer is going to go ahead and take two more attacks on you. You know what, no! He does see Caleb. Now actively takes a look behind, and then turns around and runs down below deck. He's running down below deck. You do get an attack of opportunity if you want to take it, Jester. Yeah, that'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage. As he turns around, you're like, "No, wait!" (shunk) Into the back of his skull. He falls and (thump), slides down the stairs limply. I mean, you put an axe to the back of his head. You didn't say that out loud. It's not your turn. You don't have a bonus action because it's a reaction. You wouldn't be able to use it until next round. The AC of Wood is a good Alpha title. As you pull away out into the main harbor, Fjord, for the first time in a long time you feel-- as the stress of the sequence passes over you, the sensation of being at the helm of a ship bypasses the momentary frustration. It feels good to feel that wind in your hair again and to be guiding it through the waters and seeing the dark horizon in the distance. You feel that bald rage subside. Looking past, you can see the guards are still running up the streets with their torches. There'll probably be a search party. MARISHA and The good news is, you don't think they were paying attention to the back of he ship, thanks to the distraction that you set, so they don't know the name of the ship. That might help to your advantage. It is called-- No, it is not. It is called The Mist. With a I. Now pushing past midnight to the very early morning hours, you make your way out and as far away from the edge. You can see the lights of Nicodranas begin to fade a bit, just enough where you can feel comfortable. Marius is there bound by ropes. There, still wild eyed, and looking at all this, "All right, then. Who the fuck are you?" "My name is Marius LePual." "What did I do?" "I'm very confused." He looks around, he's like, "I was coming to tell some business contacts of mine that something "they hired me for didn't pan out." "I don't know, they're very mysterious." Okay. He goes, "Why didn't you say that in the beginning?" "I don't know a Gentleman. I just know that I was supposed to look for that delivery." "Whoever was going to bring it. I didn't expect for you to come in here and slaughter my contacts." "Nothing. I was going to make some coin, pass it over. That was it." "I don't know. Mysterious folk." "It was supposed to come find me in the cove, never showed up, and they had been waiting "in town for a few days, and they were coming back and I-- this was the night where I was supposed to "tell them-- either bring it to them or the deal was off and I was supposed to give back the money "that I owed them. So-- " "I know that! I am very well aware of that right now. I'm a little freaked out, not going to lie." Make an intimidation check. He goes, "Right. I'm being truthful. I know it was supposed to be for a captain, Captain Avantika. She's a right intense person. I've only seen her once. She doesn't really leave her ship in port, when she's in, which is rare. Her reputation keeps her not from coming in directly." "Well, her ship is the Squall Eater." "She's a bit of a forceful taker of things she wants." "That's one word to say it. If you want to find her, your best bet is probably somewhere in "the Swavain Islands. Don't know where directly. I'm just hired as the errand boy." Swavain. S-W-A-V-A-I-N. "I was just supposed to come back here. Supposed to meet up with the folks of the Mist, the ship that you've now commandeered. You've killed them all. What are you going to do with me?" "I'm useful. I'm helpful! I can swab the deck. I can cook." "What you got?" "Yeah, yeah you did." Make an investigation check. Okay, you find a pouch of 20 platinum pieces. You find another pouch that's hidden within his belt pouch that contains 62 gold pieces, three silver, 50 copper, and what looks to be a pouch of chewing tobacco. "Well, so you're not going to kill me, right?" "That's fine. That's good odds. I'll take those odds. Can you at least loosen these a bit." As Yasha picks him up and ties him to the mast, he's like, "Oh!" "Okay, well, where are we going then?" "No, I don't know an Ionos." As you guys all head down below deck to take in what exactly you have at your disposal, as you are now the current owners of the Mist. Professor Thaddeus is somewhere at the city. Make an animal handling check. Not while fighting. Total of what? 19. You're shouting out to the sky. Time passes. No Professor Thaddeus. As you head down below deck to take stock of what you have, we're going to end there. We'll pick up next week. Thank you! That was fun. Who knows. He got splattered. No he didn't! He was going to be the nasty one. Anyways, well done, guys. You have a boat and a handful of people in the city that saw your faces. Most of your faces. You have a weasel and your mom has a puppy. And there's an owl somewhere. That's up to you guys to figure out next time we come around.