Hello, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. We are already in top form tonight, if you couldn't tell. Before we go ahead and jump into our story, let's go ahead and get through some announcements for the evening. First, we have two wonderful sponsors tonight, beginning with our friends, who have continued through the first part of this campaign and to the new year, D&D Beyond. Sam? I thought I felt it under the table. TALIESIN and Thank you, D&D Beyond, for being our fantastic sponsor in spite of Sam Riegel giving your announcements every week. Sam is not doing this next intro. As for our second sponsor tonight, our friends at Idle Champions. For those who aren't familiar with Idle Champions-- Idle Champions of the Forgotten Realms is the full name of it. It's a D&D strategy video game that brings a variety of popular D&D characters together for the first time in one world. You can play it on PC, Steam and mobile, iPad and Android, but apparently now it's available on Xbox and PS4, which is awesome. You have characters from Drizzt of the Forgotten Realms all the way up to Arkhan, who you saw-- Arkhan the Cruel. The scourge of Vecna and Vox Machina. There's 200 unique quests based on official D&D content like Waterdeep Dragon Heist, Curse of Strahd, and all those previous stories. It's all in there, so you can check it out at critrole.com/idlechampions for more information. On next Wednesday, January 23rd at 500pm Pacific, here on our Twitch channel, here at Critical Role, tune into Pub Draw-- The new creative series featuring art lessons from our fantastic friend of the family, Babs Tarr. She teaches Marisha and then other members of the extended family how to draw. And you as well, as you follow along and do your own artwork. Between the Sheets is coming back very soon. The first episode of season two of Between the Sheets airs on Monday January 28th and 700pm Pacific here at twitch.tv/criticalrole. It's going to be awesome. This whole next season's awesome, so look forward to that. January 18th to the 20th, this weekend-- tomorrow! Saturday and Sunday, at Gallery Nucleus in Los Angeles, we have the Art of Exandria art show. We've been wanting to do an art show for so long, it's our first time actually being able to get it done! We saw pictures today; the setup looks amazing. Over 50 pieces of art from our fantastic Critter community will be on display there. If you're in the area, come check it out, hang out, run into other Critters. It looks to be a lot of fun this weekend, so hope to see you guys there. For more details on that, you can go to critrole.com/events. Then on January 19th, this Saturday, we're bringing back most of Vox Machina for our Search for Grog live show here in Los Angeles. Sorry! Watch the last episode before coming to the show on Saturday. The VOD will be available in February. Check out critrole.com for the announcement and be sure to stay tuned for more info as it becomes available. All right, I believe-- Well then, throw it in there, Liam! Well, all of us had strong feelings when it comes to a capella. Don't we, Sam? Bow! Without further ado friends, at the end of the announcements, I think it is time for us to dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [water bubbling] [thunder] [explosion] (chanting) Role! Critical! Role! [dramatic Critical Role theme] You guys are slow on the draw tonight. Welcome back. Getting creative now. So last we left off, The Mighty Nein, after finishing their journey to the secondary temple of Uk'otoa's sealing, managed to deliver the second of the collected orbs and bring him one step closer to his release. You then exited back to your ship, which another ship was found to be giving chase, apparently notified by your presence from the large geyser that erupted from the ocean due to the unsealing. A short chase then commenced, leading to a much shorter battle. Yeah. All said and done, hearing rumors about possible dangers continuing to push deeper into the empire from the Xhorhasian hordes, you begin to make your way back towards the direction of the empire. Getting your things in order, you've made your way back through the Swavain Islands and you are just now entering the port of Nicodranas. As you approach, Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? There's a person on the deck right now who's waving down and bringing you in, bringing out a spyglass to check your banner, your ship name. It looks like you're probably going to be in the process of checking in shortly. Wharfmaster Ignus. Okay, all right. Anybody else changing their appearance upon entry? You got it. What different color? Okay. All right. Understood. Yasha accepts, does not really care to see what it looks like, but just trusts your opinion. (laughs) Avantika's coats don't have sleeves. You guys are pulled into the Restless Wharf. You are brought into the side, the ship is brought up against the dock, a couple of dockhands start to go on and help get the ship pulled in, tied off. Planks are put down. Ignus eventually comes back over and goes, "All right, so tell me, "what is your ship? Paperwork, please!" "Captain Tristan." At this point, behind, Orly leans in and goes "Ahem. "Captain, wasn't there a plan to run business in your stead?" Orly takes it. "Here you are." Hands it over to the Wharfmaster. Steps away for a minute, goes and checks everything, eventually comes back. That's the Wharfmaster. Misfires, finally. He comes back. "Paperwork is all fine. All right, we will be talking." He points to Orly, and Orly gives him a nod. Looks back at the rest of you. "Well, you all be safe. Even if you got some "of that fancy m-m-magic word stuff, right?" "I can too, probably." "Y'all travel safe." You watch as Marius, off the side, hands something to Orly, and Orly looks off to you all. "Don't worry, I fully intend to," and puts a captain hat on. Marius makes a note. With that, you guys have made your way back to Nicodranas. The bustling streets are there. It's early afternoon we'll say, about 130, 200 in the afternoon. There are a bunch of people currently dealing with shipments being taken out of ships, put back into ships. As when you were coming in, there's a number of naval vessels in the outskirts of the harbor as well. It's a busy time of the day, but no one seems to be paying you too much mind. The zhelezo are present, haven't gotten thicker immediate arrival, but you're still nervously keeping an eye out, though you have no real conspicuous presentation other than Beau. So what would you like to do? Where are you off to? Okay. You can make a history check. As you, however, have not spent a lot of time traveling around Nicodranas, as much as you grew up here, you stayed indoors most of the time. You know of a really good one in Zadash. Make a history check. You have not been to a bookstore, necessarily. Most of the books that you had were brought to you by your mom, but you could probably wander around and find one eventually. Okay, are you guys beelining it to a bookshop, then? Who's going to the blacksmith? Team blacksmith, you begin to wander through the streets, asking questions around. Eventually, some of the local zhelezo lead you over to the place called Ingots and Hammers. It seems to be a humble size, but this isn't a very big smithing town, necessarily. In fact, one of them you speak to goes like, "Port Zoon would be more the place to "go if you're looking for good, brawny blacksmiths, but there is Ingots and Hammers, maybe." They head you over in that direction. The exterior of it, most of it the heavy stone base of the building-- it's a standard rectangle, most of it open on the side facing the street so you can see the smoke from the forge itself pouring out. It doesn't have a specific chimney built more than it billows out in two places to create these two drifting streams that head up. As you walk up, you can see there isn't immediately work being done. It looks like perhaps there is a mid-afternoon break, and you do see a tan skinned, heavyset, burly looking fellow, human, smooth bald head, a split lip that healed back and it has this big scar piece that gives him a little bit of character, and he sits there in the middle of eating a bowl of fruit and glances up at you. "Hello? Can I help you?" "Let me see it." He sets down his bowl and walks over. "Oh. Just a second, hold on." Sets it down and rummages through a small shelf unit in the back and pulls out a few books and pulls out one tome, opens it up and sets it down and begins thumbing through, page to page. Takes about five, six minutes to find something before he stops and goes, "My apologies. This is not really a form of "forging that I can repair. This is Uthudurnian." "It's a very far north, very isolated people. Dual society, dwarves and elves together." "Merger of the two styles of forging make for very unique weaponry, but a little bit "out of my skill range. My apologies." "It's north of the Empire." "Up in them Wildlands." "Yes, that's the place!" "Happy to help. Wish I could be of assistance, I could use the coin, but-- good luck." Three gold, he goes, "Thank you very much! You are very generous, thank you. Thank you all." "Dreef." "Dreef. What's your name?" "Beau." "Do you use staffs?" "No, it'd be really funny if you used them, and you do, so that's quite funny." "That is what I'm talking about." (laughs) "Yeah." "Wait." He turns around and rushes off real fast to rummage in the same cabinet and comes back with piece of ribbon, then leans in to tie it around the bo. (laughs) "You're not into this, I'm sorry." "The ribbon's for you, I suppose." "Anyway. Have a good day!" "Good luck." He sits down and takes his bowl back on his lap and watches you intensely as you leave. All right. Bookshop farers! About then, you pick up a visual on a cornershop that's called Front to Back and has books hanging underneath that on a little wooden placard. You step inside. It's a smaller building and there's no other customers, it's actually pretty quiet in there. The only sound you hear is a silent purring from the owner's cat. It's curled up on one of the shelves and it's (purring). As soon as you enter and make your first creaking step against the floorboard, one eye pokes open, (yawns), stretches out, stands up and looks at you all, and then turns around and just walks away. Oh, the cat was a calico. All splotches of brown, dark brown, black. Half-and-half nose. There's three shelves on the left side, the right side is just a window, it's open and what little bit of light is in there is the daylight being let in, it's filling the space of this warm interior. There is a desk towards the back where you see a scrawny, scrappy-looking man in his late 30s or early 40s. His hair is combed back, slicked, but little pieces of it are falling in front of his eyes. He has a little bit of scruff on his upper lip, not enough to actually be considered a mustache. He glances up from a book that he's in the middle of reading and goes, "Hello? Look "around, anything you want, I'm Rusan. Anything that you may require, let me know! Pay at the front." (meows) "Rusan." "This is a lot of questions. Hold on." He sits there and has to file through in his head for a second. "There is paper, of course. We have very nice parchment for presentation, for events, "parties, invitations, if that's what you're looking for. As far as books, we have all sorts "of it. The front shelf here is mainly discussions on various cultural philosophies. There is also "a number of cooking manuals, if you're interested in that. There are an entire part of fiction that "deals with fictional accounts of the various gods, of the various Marquis, the Empire's rise. "That seems to be very popular among the visiting crownsguard. I mean, there's a lot of things! "Are you looking for something in particular?" "That is a bit specific, unfortunately. We do not have anything in particular for that." "I do not, unfortunately. Most of that is organized by the guildmasters under the Marquis. "The Concord generally deals with things that are of particular price points and interests. I mainly "deal with people who come to travel in and out, people that want something to read when they are "going on a boat for a very long time. There's not a lot of business to be made from the books you requested." "Have you been published?" "Keep at it." "Hey." He leans forward and pats you on the shoulder. "Everyone starts somewhere, right?" Correct. 500 gold-- I mean, to equivalent, to fill up that much ink-- Correct. Yeah. He has a fair amount of paper. Some of it, he seems to have to leave for a few minutes and then come back with it. He seems to be going off and probably buying it from other friends of his. Like the time I remember as a kid, I ordered a cheeseburger at a Mexican restaurant, and it took 30 minutes to get there, and I realized it was because they went up the street to get it. I was a dumb 12-year-old. Anyway. With typical ink or magic ink? Okay. Just checking. Okay! You find one fictional piece that talks of a sailors' tryst. Two sailors, two separate ships that continuously meet up at different island ports throughout the Swavain Islands, eventually finding themselves on opposite sides of a conflict one as part of the Revelry, and one that is part of the Clovis Concord's naval fleet. Yet these two sailors eventually come together and find that this conflict was not enough to keep their passions apart. You find a book about the history of Nicodranas, and I'll email you information after the game. I don't want to sit here and-- Yes, I'll send that to you. "Which one? There are many types. There are ones that focus on various ways of steaming and "spicing vegetables, from Marquet. There are ones about the actual coastal tropical fruits that can "be prepared in a way that is more savory than sweet. What is your preference?" "A pastry book. That can be done, of course. That will be--" He goes and looks through his ledger, goes and pulls one off of the shelf, comes by. "This will be two silver pieces." "There are a few that contain mushrooms, I'm sure. I can look around." "Any preference? I mean, there are-- location-wise?" "Okay, I'll pick one. All right, that will be four silver." "There you are. Your cinnamon pastry and mushroom book. Enjoy." "No worries. Well, good luck, and keep it up, my friend." That's right. "Each book is two silver pieces, so that's four silver pieces for that. For "the total amount of paper, that is going to run you about-- we'll say 25 gold pieces." It's a lot of paper. It's like feeding an endless printer, (paper sliding), or those dollar counter machines that go (dull whirring). Mark off another level one spell slot. I love it. It's so good. As you guys finish your business, you all eventually come and reconvene. Unless you have other business you want to attend to while you're out and about? Plenty of patches of dirt. I would say, in the streets-- If you go a little bit out of your way, yes, you can find a patch of-- As your fingers dig into the dirt and you squeeze it and appreciate it, you glance over to the side. There's a seven-year-old boy who's sitting there, looking at you. He reaches down and grabs a big handful of dirt, too, and squishes it in his fingers. "Yeah." (crying) A strange little pink creature with fairy wings just threw dirt in his eye. If it pinks, the knife sinks. Eventually you guys reconvene outside of the Lavish Chateau. You see Tyral, the young man who had helped you with your cart, but does not recognize any of you, really. Nods as you walk into the establishment. It's still early enough where the clientele-- there is no presentation. It is mainly a relatively quiet midday dining experience. There are maybe three people in the interior, and they're probably having business meetings. There might be merchants who are using this space as a location away, to have more hushed conversations in a less public environment. You have arrived. What would you like to do? Make a perception check. You do not see Professor Thaddeus in the rafters. I am sad-- there's a little part of me that, when you first got that owl and you made your first animal handling check, I was hoping you would roll a one. It would be like, "Go, do this!" (fluttering). I was praying so hard that would happen. (laughter) It just took a little longer for it happen. You head upstairs. You make your way up the staircase to the second floor, then make your way up towards where your mother's room is. There, as you begin to step up the way, you hear the heavy footfall of Bluud, who sits in the middle of the top of the staircase towards where your mother's room is. Looks down towards you, (grunts). Leans back and folds his arms. Are the rest of you going up with her or staying down there? SAM and You all head up. Bluud puts his hand out, this big meaty hand, before the others and goes "Jester?" Leans back again, his shoulders hitting the wall as Jester does the classic international symbol for "let us through please." Yeah. You come to the door? Knock on it, Nadine opens it up. Glances, recognizes you, and goes, "Ah, right." Pulls the door open. Lounging in her fainting couch in the far corner is your mother, with a small book open. Her hair is pulled and tied back tightly; she's in her casual space. She doesn't look like she's expecting any clientele any time soon. She glances over and looks at-- "Jester! Oh my goodness, Jester!" She puts the book down and sits up and runs across and picks you up with a big swinging hug. Starts showering the top of your forehead and cheeks with kisses and goes "Jester, you're back." "Oh, these are your same friends?" "Right. Welcome back, friends, welcome back. Thank you so much for taking care of my little sapphire." "Everything was fine. I was a little worried from the message that you told me, so I inquired "around. There was a disturbance. Apparently there was a ghost story, so thank you for "letting me know. But now you have a ghost story in Nicodranas." "Apparently. Be careful with that wording, you guys. Best not to have too much attention. "Especially in this world, it can be very dangerous." "No, not what I could figure out, at least. It was more of a marauding band of murderers on "the ship side of the docks that stole a ship, but apparently killed a number of other illegal "peoples, and so they write it off as illegal people doing illegal things to illegal people." "Just be careful. Anyway." "Oh." She goes and there's what used to be your room, with the double doors that close. She opens it up and pulls it open. You can see all these scratch marks on the inside of the wood. The immediate smell of dog shit and pee hits you. "Nugget?" (whistling) All of a sudden, right there in front of you, you see Nugget, but larger. Over the weeks that you've gone, the tiny puppy is now a fairly decent-sized puppy. Halfway to full grown, and even that's the size of a fairly big dog. Nugget (pants) and jumps up into your arms, and you fall back onto the ground as (slurping). "I've been training him as much as I can. He's been a bit of a handful, but is very adorable." He's slobbering on the chest of your armor. "But are you taking him?" "Wonderful! Wonderful. I am so happy to hear that. He's missed his mommy, haven't you? Haven't you?" "No! No, it's quite all right." "He's adorable, but it is meant to be. It is destiny, kismet. Please take him." "Of course! Of course. I mean, here?" "Yeah, oh, of course. Hold on a second." She pulls Nadine over and they talk a bit, and Nadine checks and comes back up and says that there are only two rooms available for the evening that aren't already checked out. She goes, "If anyone needs to, they are welcome to stay in this room as "well, and the other two are at your disposal. I put them at my tab, do not worry." "Just for the night?" "It's not an imposition. I just need to make sure that there are rooms "available for each progressive night." "I mean, I would not argue." "It is welcoming. Well, tell me, how was your time? Apparently you "left under interesting circumstances." "I have heard of it. There are stories, but I have not been there, of course." "Oh, wow! Are you being serious right now?" "I had one client from Darktow once, told me a little bit about it. "Sounds like a very frightening place." "I cannot tell." "No?" "No, but that doesn't narrow down my clients, necessarily, either." "That's okay." "I assume that you're referring to the Tidal--" SAM and "Tide Peak? Yes. I have not been there, of course, but it is a mysterious place." "Well, as far as I know, there is a very wealthy mage who lives there who is responsible "for the organization of the Open Quay, who is kind of a hermit, from what I've heard, but is "supposedly at least looking out for the benefit of the people who live there so as not to be "completely under the control of the monopoly of the Concord. That's as much as I know." "As an expert, I would say yes. Anyway." "You have been at sea for quite some time, I can tell." "It is all right. Well, take your time. I will ask to see if we can have a special dinner "prepared for you when you come back tonight, and I'm happy to have you home." At this point, it's later afternoon. I'd say you probably have about another hour or so before dusk. Make a perception check. Really, really great for the DM! Sure. It's called Hireling, because that was the first word I saw on the back of my DM's screen. Who knows what that story's about? The first chapter's called "Obscured Areas Lightly obscured has the effect of creatures--" (laughter) "If you're looking for general shops that have things that are useful in travels like that? "Healing potions, I don't really deal with those at all. There is The Seafloor's Bounty in the Open "Quay. If you're planning to go by the strange dick tower, then that is a possibility. If not there, "there is also Meandering Treasures in the Restless Wharf is a destination of interest, "if that's what you're looking for, odds and ends, maybe." "There is no specialty stores in healing potions in Nicodranas." "All right. Good luck." You beat me to it, Siri. (panting) The dog immediately-- they both port in opposite directions as he ports right up next to you and pushes you over. Frumpkin comes over slowly, (growling). Frumpkin leaps up and perches around your shoulders, taking the territory and staring at Nugget. All right. The rest of you, where are you going? You have two locations you go to. Heading to the Seafloor's Bounty, it seems to be a fairly decent general store. It specializes in pawning scavenged goods and loot and things that are found at sea or people come upon through whatever means they come upon them near the wharf. There is a female gnome who runs it. Older looking, the equivalent of a human 60s, which means she's been around for quite some time, but very crotchety and nasty. As you walk in, there's one other customer who, as soon as you enter, looks nervously and then exits immediately, brushes past you, and disappears into the now setting sun as the gnome turns around to you. "Yeah, can I help you?" "Hello?" "Hello!" She leans over the top to look down at your also-tiny frame over the top. "You need potions, "you said?" "Oil?" "I can get you some oil, sure." "Maybe." "That's the secret password! I'll be right back." She leaps off her stool and vanishes behind the counter. You hear the footsteps walk away and go into a back chamber, and you're left alone on the floor in the room for a second. There's all sorts of interesting. Decorative scabbards containing what you assume to be a blade decorating the walls, you can see large conch shells and various sea trophies that were taken from people making the journey all across the Swavain Islands. Make a perception check. There's a few shiny things. Okay. You cast Detect Magic. Looking around in the room, you get some faint magical glow or a sense from behind the counter. Nothing on display. There's probably a reason for that. Are you going to look over behind the counter? Okay. You glance over and look, and tucked underneath, there is a small wooden case. It's closed currently. It looks maybe about two foot by one foot, maybe six or seven inches high, and that's what's giving you the faint magical aura. Okay. A few moments pass and you hear some more footsteps come in, and another (heft) onto the stool again. She steps up and she has a small satchel that you hear the clanking of crystal or glass on the inside. "Okay, I have three healing potions I could muster. Is that what you want?" "What?" "60 gold apiece." "All right. Pay up!" Just the three basic potions. "There's oil. How much do you need?" "All right, that'll run you 40 gold pieces." "All right!" She jumps off the stool, and this takes a while. You start hearing heavy clanging of metal and things dropping in the back. You glance around the corner and there's a slight curtain, and it looks like she's just emptying out lanterns into a vial. Just pouring one after another, after another into this small jug, and eventually corking it. Comes out, "Careful, now!" "You're welcome. Thank you." "Sheila." "Sheila Bobsnopper." "Bobsnopper." "What's your question?" "Nothing for sale, sorry." "Not for show!" "None of your business!" "Trust me, you don't want to be the kind of person that comes in here and gets a chance to see it." "Maybe." "I don't play this game, missy!" "Are you casing my joint?" "I said, are you casing my joint?" "What?" "Are you--" (grunt) "Yes, I do. What, do you have something to sell?" "Oh! Show it to me." She reaches down and takes a cloth, and starts cleaning off the bits of grime and stuff on it. Takes a few minutes to inspect it, the interior, seeing how it fits together and belts. "That's a good set, not too bad. For sale..." Let me look at the price here. (singing) Studded leather armor. "I'll give you 15 gold for it." "All right, here you go." So you take 15 gold back. She goes and throws it in a pile in the corner. "Is that it? "Anything else?" She narrows her eyes at you. Narrows even harder at you. "I'm always tired! I'm just tired of you coming in here being nosy! Get your friends out. "I like you. You, you can all piss off!" "Bye, bye!" Bobsnopper. I love the prospect of you finally coming back to Nicodranas and immediately just fucking everything up again. Do what you want, mind you. Why not embrace destiny? Yeah. Easy to find, the tower is visible. By now, at this point in time, the sun is in the process of setting, so the sky has transitioned now into its vibrant oranges and reds, and across the way on the other side of the horizon the dark blues and purples are starting to take. But there it is, the dark shadow of the monolithic tower of Tide Peak, visible. The closer you get, the taller it becomes, and the taller it becomes, until what looks to be maybe hundreds of floors up. It's absurd how tall it looks from the base floor. I'd say it's maybe no more than 50 feet across, 50 feet wide. That balcony is not visible. Yeah. Okay. Yeah, you go around, and where the balcony was last time, there's nothing. It's solid. In fact, there are no windows for about 60 or so feet up, and then you see a balcony similar to the one you saw, but it is shorter, like truncated on each side. About 50 or 60 feet up. Dimplewood! It's, "Whoa, whoa!" unless you're watching it the whole time. So it's like, "Oh, we'll head "that way," and you walk, and all of a sudden you're at the base and you look up and you're like, "Whoa, why is it so tall?" If you're watching it, which I imagine you probably were, as you were heading through the Open Quay, it's pretty immediate, meaning within about 500 feet or so the transition really hits. From any distance in the city it just looks like any other large tower, though it looks like one of the more visible and apparent ones across the skyline. It isn't until you get within 500 feet that all of a sudden it drastically seems to grow. Correct. Metal is funny when it conducts heat. Oh Laura, you okay? I mean, unless you haven't gone with them. Okay, you knock on the wall. It sounds like you're knocking on hard stone, and it hurts your knuckle a little bit. At the moment, nothing. There is one that looks to be a small fish market. It's not huge by any means, it looks like it's open, but it's probably going to be closing fairly soon, probably when the sun goes-- As you're doing that, you hear a door (creaking) on the opposite side on the tower. All right. As you hear it slowly open up, this little hand curls around the outside. Short, maybe around knee-height for you, Fjord. As the door peeks open, you see a male goblin, really well dressed, in a tiny little accountant's outfit, where it's double-breasted to one side with a nice lapel. Has small spectacles across the bulbous and pointed nose. No hair. The teeth-- which characteristically of a goblin tend to overlap and protrude-- have been really well-kept. Very well-groomed goblin! Pokes around the corner, "Hello?" "Can I help you?" "Do you have an appointment?" He relaxes a second after the chest is puffed up, his presentation relaxes and the gut (puffing) underneath the outfit as he no longer feels that he needs to put on a presentation. He goes, "Well, let me take a look at the book. Hold on just a second." He closes the door behind him. You can see the door, yeah. It wasn't there when you walked around previously. It looks like a standard door. It's circular at the top. It looks like it's wood slats, metal crossbars hold it all together. There's no handle or knocker. It appears to only open from the inside. Oh yeah. A few moments pass. The door opens up again and he has a tiny leather journal and he, "All right, soonest that we've got here--" pulls it back, "The soonest we've got here-- let's see, "about 17 months, three weeks, and four days." "What's the emergency?" "Well, come back in a number of months--" Make a persuasion check. Actually, no, make a deception check because this is-- But you're pushing that this is an emergency. Do you consider it an emergency? I'm going to call you on that. (mistrustful noise) "Not to me." "Yes?" "I'll tell you what, Yussa has bedded down for the evening. You want to come by tomorrow "morning, maybe he's in a particularly good mood and could spare you a minute or two of his time, "but as of right now I cannot force a meeting at dusk with a few unknowns with no particular truth "to their purpose wanting to bypass our entire system of entry. So have a good night and hope for "a better tomorrow." Door closes. Yep. The fishmonger at the fish mart right now is going like, "I know, it's fucking weird, right? "It scares me. I don't like it." "Yeah. It does when they come in and out, but then it's gone. It's really creepy. I don't like it." "I want to help you. I can say that there is a very nice special on red snapper." "Well, for the entire fish, we're looking at least three silver." "Well, there you are." It's a sizable snapper. "For the extra silver, you get paper." Wraps it up for you. At this point, the door is closed and you guys look back and Fjord approaches holding a fish. At this point, as you guys are all talking and you look back, the door is not there anymore. That's a true artifact, to be fair. So you guys return to the Lavish Chateau? Well, it depends if you guys are going back. Are you-- TRAVIS and So they've been gone for roughly, I'd say, two hours. You have a standard healing potion Caleb. Do you still have the fish or did you eat the fish? The chef offers to prepare that as your dinner is already being set for the rest of the group at the request of the Ruby. By the way, Caleb's hair is this cowlick mess where it's perpetual dog tongue licking the entire time that he's been having to concentrate on his business. (dog panting) Then jumps towards you, but from ten feet and then appears right in front of you and knocks you into the wall. Marion comes and greets you guys. Dinner is prepared. Meal is enjoyed and you all prepare yourselves to bed down for the evening and take on your events of the following day. We'll go ahead and take our break. A good point to kick into the next day when we return. We'll be back here in a few minutes after we have our short break. As a reminder, we have our Wyrmwood giveaway of tonight. This is a very nice white oak tabletop tray. Leather interior. White oak. From our friends at Wyrmwood for one lucky winner this evening. The keyword tonight is "home." To enter this contest, go ahead and hop over to the Critical Role twitch at twitch.tv/criticalrole and enter the word "home" once in chat room. Any more than that and you would be disqualified. We'll come back from the break with the winner. Once again, unfortunately we can only do people in the U.S. and Canada excluding Quebec, but between that we'll have a winner of you guys when we come back here in a few minutes. See you then. And welcome back. So before we get back into the story, our winner of our Wyrmwood giveaway this week is Sasudo456. Sasudo456, congratulations, we'll have that sent off to you ASAP. After an evening's rest in the luxurious rooms of the Lavish Chateau and a fine breakfast, what would you like to do for the day in Nicodranas? "Well, I mean, do what you're going to do, just try not to get us killed by a wizard, please?" The Clovis Concord is a union of all the various city-states that make up-- MARISHA and Correct. Yes. While each city is locally governed in and of itself, for the marquis that run all the various merchant guilds-- It's very much a guild-centric government. Kind of. Yeah, in a way. But all the marquis work together to maintain a generally consistent rule of law and maintain peace and order through that. You don't know how they feel about him, but from what you heard from the Ruby is that he seems to be the one person who won't sell their house in the neighborhood to get the train tracks built, you know? That kind of thing. There you go. As you guys have been walking and talking towards the tower in the early morning hours. All right, as you guys make your way to the Open Quay, you approach the tower. All right, you knock? There's a pause. "Can I help you?" You're hearing it around you. You see about 30 feet up, that balcony that was there originally is there, and standing at the edge of it you see a figure. Hard to see at this angle and this distance, but a figure is there with long, dull golden robes, holding a small teacup and a saucer, glancing over the edge and looking down. "You just happened to approach and knock for an audience?" "Did you make an appointment with Wensfeld?" Both of you make persuasion checks. "Well, it appears that you have not made an appointment, and you do not "have the tea that you are promising." "Then, please, would you be so kind as to present me with this dangerous information." "You don't have to shout it." You notice that his voice is a whisper, even though he's 30 feet away from you. "You're safe." There's some sort of amplification to his voice and it's placing it omnipresent around you at this low volume, like he's right there. Make a perception check. Glancing up, he appears to be elven, a darker complexion, which is different from the elves of Bysaes Tyl, up in the Empire, which come from the north near Uthudurn, which was mentioned before, so this is probably an elf from Gwardan, which is one of the coastal cities here, which originated from Marquet long ago, like a lot of the Menagerie Coast did. Some people have hobbies, I stay at home and write this. He takes a second. "I'm sure that it's crossed my path, but it is not in my "immediate peripheral." "Choose one, and enter." You look down to talk amongst yourselves, and there's a door on the wall that wasn't there when your attention was faced away from it. And you punch Fjord for no reason? He was telling him to choose one and enter, so there is a plus one. Probably. Yeah. As you reach out, there's no handle for the door, you place your hand on it, and it opens inside. As soon as you look within-- and the rest of you can see around the rather hulking form of Caduceus, which you have to duck to get through the doorway-- on the inside it looks to be a very simple sitting room, a den. You can see two couches facing each other at an angle, with a deep red-brown maroon upholstery to it, a velvety texture. You've got to do that now, because you're walking in. The door is closing behind Caduceus. You enter behind Caduceus. On the inside, there is a singular staircase that spirals down from the upper floor, maybe about 15 feet up. There's this set of two couches, a small table, there's already a small platter that has a couple of small teacups and a teakettle of some kind. You don't know. The rest of the chamber has no windows, it's all locked off. There is a chandelier above, very simple metal ring that has these glass baubles placed in six different places along it that give a soft, pulsing-- similar to firelight-- a warm, orange glow. It's a nice dark, comfortable den atmosphere. What do you guys do? There is no tea brewed. All right. As you begin that process, you hear the soft footsteps beginning to descend the stairs, and there you see the figure come down. It is a male elf, light-brown, tan skin. The hair is short-- cut very short in the back, and it curls up into this side wave. Jet-- not jet. Jet-white is not a thing. Stark white hair, and very chiseled features, but you can see the crow's nest wrinkles coming in. From what elves you've seen, this is a very old elf. Of what age begins to come through, there are a lot of years on this elf. Shorter than most elves that you've seen, probably comes to about maybe five feet, maybe a little under that. The robes themselves have a golden shimmer that looks like the threads themselves may actually be gold or something that very much mimics the properties of gold. As he steps down, the rest of the robe drags down the spiral. He comes and sits on-- Are you both sitting at the same couch? All right. He goes and quietly sits in the one across. Sits back. There is a stoic, emotionless face there, head cocked to the side out of curiosity. "Well, while you finish your tea "you have promised, what is this emergency you have brought to my attention "and interrupted my morning routine for?" "And at whose behest have you been hired to deliver this information to me?" He eyes you very closely. "So part of this is requesting alliance with the Cobalt Soul?" "Very well. Is the tea ready?" "How wonderful. Pour it if you do not mind. Thank you." "It is quite good." "I'd appreciate it. Blooming Grove, yes. Is there a name to this one?" "This I recall since you brought it up, yes. Thank you. Continue, please." "Well, offer your information and if there is something I can offer that seems "relative or involved, I will be happy to pass it along as well." "This was the assault on the Tri-Spire, correct?" "Word gets around, in certain circles." "I've heard this as well." "The ocean seems a strange place to seek for information when the Xhorhasians "are fighting in the East." "Uk'otoa is a mythological entity in the history of the Ki'Nau, the people who were of this "coast before the Marquesians came. So I've heard of it, but it has been long gone." "You think this Uk'otoa is connected to this war in the east?" "There are strange things happening all across Exandria at any given time. To find the "threads that truly tie them, that takes an insightful mind. Continue." "Well, to be honest, there are many jungle landscapes on this coast. I have not heard "anything of Uk'otoa's location, nor is it of any particular interest to me at the moment." "Tell me of this thing you found." You see his fingers trace a few small gestures in the air, speaking very quietly under his breath. "Interesting." "How did you come about this?" "How does this connect to the war in the east?" "You are not wrong. The individual who this belongs to, however, "has been missing for quite some time." "Well there is no confirmation of that, but has not been seen in many, many years." "Interesting." "Is this related to the corruption from Malaismere?" "If I recall this Blooming Grove exists in the Savalierwood, correct?" "The fact that it's been able to resist the corruption of the forest this long "is in itself a testament to its guardians" "I do not think that is my specialty, unfortunately. I am not a purveyor of faith." "I could not tell you. Perhaps it was an imperfect enchantment, or perhaps the magic that "holds sway over the Savalierwood is growing stronger. But that would be--" "It would, but unfortunately that is beyond my specialties." "It is on the borders, actually, of the Greying Wildlands in the north. It is closer to "the Empire than it is Xhorhas, so it would a bigger threat to the King Bertrand Dwendal than "it would be to any of the Kryn Dynasty." "But it seems to only spread through the forest and seems to be proximity to Malaismere's "ruins, so it has been that way for a number of centuries. If there is a sign of it expanding into "the Pearlbow Wilderness, then that is something you should definitely let the king know, but I do not "know of any signs of that. Once again, I do not mean to rush you, but--" "I saw something. I do not know the nature of it." "These are radical claims that you make." "How much capability does it have? How did you come upon it? These are now two extremely "powerful things in your grasp that you seem to not have a full understanding of its capabilities. "That is dangerous." "And you bring them to me why?" "So you are from the Empire. You are of the Cobalt Soul in Zadash, but you are not aligned "with the Dwendalian Empire yourself. Where are your allegiances?" "And you?" "So you have no allegiances? You can be bought any which way, depending on the offer?" "That does not inspire trust." "I want to know the individuals that I would work with can be trusted." "What are the terms you're offering?" "But she says she has no loyalty unless the world pulls her in a direction." "But that is indeed a loyalty, then." At this point, a voice comes around the corner from the staircase above that goes, "Sir! "Just got some sort of a--" and the goblin starts running. He goes, "Not now, Wensfeld!" Turns back up the steps. "So what you are saying is you are a band of unaligned roving mercenaries in search of "alliances outside of the political interests of this current conflict?" "Then what do you hope to gain from my alliance?" "About?" "And eventually what favors would you be asking?" Make a persuasion check. You see his right eye just-- and both of you being relatively insightful people, you see just this faint twitch at the corner of the right eye at the mention of the Concord. He goes, "My loyalty is something that is gradually earned. This is as much as you've earned." And he looks to the room. "There are many floors in this tower. With more loyalty earned, perhaps you'll see more "of my tower. But for now," and he looks over to the door. The door opens up. "The rest of your "friends can enter. Let's have a conversation." All right. As you guys enter again, the rest of the group-- No, the goblin is gone. Literally, he's still sitting on the couch, the door just opened and he's waiting for you all to enter. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So you got a marching order on this? All right. So you go out to retrieve them. You stayed on the couch? So you guys are staying. All right. At this point, Yussa closes his eyes for a second, whispers something. "Welcome to "my chambers. So, now that we've gotten some conversation underway, I would like to know who I "am speaking with. You are all what? Who?" "Very well." "Don't even attempt. You are?" "Fjord." Yasha just gives a nod. "Yasha." "I am Yussa Errenis. I am the owner of the Open Quay, and I "have been a practitioner of the arcane arts in seclusion for over 200 years. You carry with you "something that is very dangerous and I would very much like to stay here, because the longer it's on "your persons, the larger chance there is you misuse it and destroy yourselves, or it falls in "the hands of someone who should not have it." "Case in point." Yes. "Should you wish to come and discuss or see it, or we can compare notes "on our experiences, you know where it is." "This was something that did not belong to you to begin with that came into your possession "from a third party, and you are just the current custodian of it and nearly got yourself killed. "I am doing you a favor. I will study it. I will keep it here where it's safe. If you have need of it, "if you need to come look at it, or wish to learn of its secrets, do so in my presence, "where it can be done safely." "You." "It looks like within your coat you are holding tomes. Are you a practitioner of the "arcane arts yourself?" "Have you the capabilities to transport your compatriots via circles of arcane nature?" "Yes." "I may perhaps have something like that, but at the very least I do keep such a circle "reserved for the select friends I keep." "Yes. So, as part of our trust of me keeping this sphere, you would be granted the "capabilities, once you are able to make this journey, to return here with your friends. You "would have an anchor here on the coast and you would be under my protection when you arrive. "Does that seem like a fair trade, those who seek friends and allies?" Okay. He takes it and lifts it, inspects it. He wraps it into his robe. The robe, you watch as he places it over the sphere and the shape beneath just dissipates. "Of where this leads? I do. And the mage it once belonged to." "No, I do not know him personally, but there are few in my circles that have not heard of his "exploits in the past." "At a certain level of arcane practitioning, morality becomes a bit ambiguous, but to the "common man, I would say probably not a very team player." "And yes, I do have access to various spells, but I've earned them. I'm willing to share "knowledge based on the development of our friendship and proven loyalty." "By not fucking me over." "You did, and I made a trade of information and a safe haven. When you find more information "like this, and more items like this, bring them back to me. There may be times where, perhaps, I "could use some help in doing things that I'm not comfortable leaving my tower for. Maybe you could "be of aid in that case. There will be opportunities, I'm sure, to earn more trust." "Sad one." "But you have to earn." "I would like very much to see this other... thing that you have come across. If this "is a powerful artifact, I am very curious as to what other geometric shapes you've come across." "You are not incorrect." "Well, might I at least possibly inquire as to what it is capable of? You may not know the "dangers you carry with you as you obviously did not understand of this sphere." "Very well." "You have a geometric shape that makes babies?" "I am generally uncomfortable in making deals regarding passing glances at "world-shattering artifacts, if that be the case, but you have blessed me with some fine tea this day." "You have my assurance. And if it is indeed such a dangerous item and you wish to carry it "with you, then woe be unto you. So. Let me see it." Takes it and begins to cast a spell that you recognize as an Identify spell. Casts another spell that you don't recognize. (sighs) Takes a moment and concentrates on it, and you watch his face go slack-- a familiar expression that many of you have seen your friends as they concentrate on it do so. Aww, it'll be so disappointing when they pass through the illusion. You don't know. You think a mage lets people into his living room unprotected, are you kidding me? You don't live as long as he has without some sort of backup. About a minute passes, and then the muscles in his face tighten back into his neutral expression. "This is-- I have studied much, and this is new to me. I'd be worried if this was "something dangerous that I knew and understood well. I find it far more concerning that this is "something I know nothing of. Where was this found?" "Very interesting. (sighs) Whatever magic this is, it blends elements of arcane and divine, "but is outside of what I know, can sense. It's very alien." "I mean, if there is any sort of dominion to hold, you take what is available. I mean, "everything as far as Vasselheim to Emon to Ank'Harel. Anyone in power has their threads and "eyes out for what could possibly help them maintain their positions in power and what dangers "there are out there. That is beyond morality, that is just simple intelligence to survive in a world "that is continuously beset by darker powers and things beyond our control. If this was taken "from Xhorhas, then god knows what they were attempting to do with it." "Make babies." "Then very bad people will be after you." "That does not necessarily mean you're protected. Just be careful." "I think that is probably the best method you have. Remove it only when absolutely necessary "and for short periods of time. That will protect from divination on this plane, but only this plane." "I did not say I'm on the side of good and right. I am on the side of maintaining "a balance in which society can exist." "No." "I have no idea what this is." He's glancing to you all, like-- "Thank you." "I'm sure." "Then I will do my best to do what I can on my end of things. Well, that's been my morning tea." "Well, we have one more business to attend. Follow me. The rest of you," and he waves his hand across the table, and on the side of the platter where the teacups were, this conjured plate of biscuits appears. "Enjoy." He walks away, gesturing for you to follow. You head up the stairs. Doesn't say a word to you. It curls around and around for a good two minutes. No windows, very little light. The occasional similar sparkling globe emitting a low torchlight until eventually, you come to another door. The staircase continues upward in a spiral, but there's a doorway to the right and a small landing. It opens. He enters, and you enter with him. This chamber-- it is a small domed room, maybe about 15 feet across, and it is circular on the base. It domes to the top, and there is no other exit. Mm-hmm. You enter? The door closes. Darkness. All of a sudden, you see a rune above you that emits a bright blue light that lights the chamber. Everything is in shades of blue. He gestures to the floor, and as you glance down, you can see now, where the blue light hits, this large, runic circle that encompasses the entire chamber is now glowing in response. You recognize it. This is a teleportation circle. This is a receiving teleportation circle. He looks to you. He says, "There are transports I have in other parts of this tower to different places. "Earning my trust, perhaps, you may gain more access. But for now, you have a place to return to. "How much time do you need?" He gestures to the symbol. "To memorize it." I believe it's 5th-level. This isn't the spell; this is the receiving rune. When you learn the spell, you can use that spell to return here. Do you have access to the spell? You can either choose it at a higher level when you decide to go up-- Then there you go. When you finish, he goes, "A quick learner. Good to know. Where did you train?" "Impressive. You have a talented eye for picking up arcanic sigils and glyphs." "That they are." "It is designed to keep people like you out, but sometimes, tenacity makes "for interesting breakfast conversations." "It was. But you came anyway, and look where you are." "That might one day get you killed. Or may one day get you what you seek." "I've lived quite a long while, and the only reason I've lived this long is I have made allies. "I followed them into sometimes stupid, unnecessary circumstances. Many of them died helping me. Many "of them I outlived. But I wouldn't be where I am today if I didn't at least trust in the power of others." "Use who you need to, but know, everyone can be useful if you can mete out their skills." "I'm sure you do as well." The door behind you opens up again, the light turns dark, and the stairway's behind you. Eventually, you find your way to the staircase; the faint light below guides you to the exit. Yeah, eventually leads you back down to the chamber. You guys are down there waiting. Uniquely, each biscuit tastes different. It is specially designed for your personal interests. You guys exit the tower, closes behind you. SAM and All right. In the rest of the day that comes about, lest you have any other particular plans to deal with, you get to spend the remainder of this day and the evening with your mother. You guys can pick out your food and supplies for the road. If you're wishing to purchase things, we'll say for the bulk of your journey-- I mean, making stops along the way, at least to get you from Nicodranas to Trostenwald. We'll say if you're heading-- are you heading by way of Zadash to Felderwin or are you crossing over from Alfield to Felderwin? You can do that. All right. As you complete your business and have another-- Yes. Bryce is in Alfield. Yes, they are. That's okay. You gather your things, the next morning comes after a day of comparative relaxation in the city, which has been not too bad. The next morning comes, the cart has been fetched, you have the rest of your things. Your mother catches you as you're about to head out and goes, "Jester, would you like any of your things from your room before you leave?" "All right, no worries." She goes off and begins packing a few things in a little bag, and she comes out with the rest of you. You guys are getting things in the cart and she steps out and there's a little bit of hesitance as she steps beyond the threshold of the Chateau. Takes a deep breath, and then takes a few more steps. Takes like the 15 feet to the cart and goes, "Here." "I had something made for you while you were at sea." She pulls out of a small pouch that she has on the side this thin, golden chain with, about the size of a raisin, a little ruby set in with really pretty filigree, and places it around your neck. "This way, no matter where "you are, no matter what's happening, you always have the Ruby with you." "What did you get me?" "Aww. Thank you so much." Pulls you in and kisses you on the forehead and rubs your cheek. "I'm going to miss you." "Aww." "Please do. Every day, if you can." "Take care of her." "You know not the vengeance I will bring upon you; and the army of men, "and women, and in-between, that will do what I tell them to." "Not possible." She puts the honey back in the pouch. "Be safe, everyone." "I love you too, Jester." (panting) Jumps into the cart. You feel Sprinkle starting to back up around your neck. As the cart takes off, making its way to the northward streets to exit Nicodranas, Marion Lavore watches you all leave and gives a quiet wave as you all disappear into the streets. As she disappears around the bend and you turn around in your seat to look ahead, you can see the open blue sky above you, and looking towards the distant Cyrios Mountains in the path before you, you make your way northward. So this is quite a few days travel. I'll put aside my Nicodranas notes. It's about four and a half days to the Wuyun Gates. For the sake of brevity, because we've done this once before. The guards that are posted at the Wuyun Gates, there's much more of a force of security here. As you approach, there is a back up to the caravan, more than you previously experienced exiting. Each person coming through is having to provide paperwork that says where you're going, who you're going to see-- It's customs, essentially. It's getting close to your passing through; what do you do? Okay, so there was Yedaka, who's the guy who runs the actual event and helms the Victory Pit, if that's what you're talking about. If not, then you're referring to the Starosta of the city. That was... Starosta Wyatt Fedar. Do you have any pieces of paperwork that have his handwriting? Or his signature? You do have paperwork. Kosh was his name. So would you like to go ahead and attempt that? All right, what would you want it to say? Kosh Clearbarker. Clearbarker. All right. Go ahead and make a d20 roll with your proficiency bonus and your dexterity. All right, so go ahead and make your roll. Correct. You feel pretty confident about your piece of paperwork you presented. The DC was definitively lowered because it was something that you had existing paperwork as an example of handwriting on, so upon passing through, you present your paperwork and the guard there gives you a look. "All right. You are returning to Alfield, what is your business in Nicodranas?" "Okay, and you are returning to the Empire? You're not staying in the Empire." "All right, and whom do you pray to?" (laughing) Make a deception check. (laughter) Yeah. "Hold here for a second." And makes a whistle and some the other guards begin to circle and they're going to do a full inspection on the cart. They just look through it and go, and he reaches in to go and rummage through and passes through the illusion. And you explain how it works? "Let them through." They go ahead and wave you though. The high-rolling paperwork helped you. All right. Now, the open blue skies of the coast give to the winter gray of the Marrow Valley. You have four days to Trostenwald. Is there anything you wish to do in that four day period, or no? Make an animal handling check. Nugget hasn't spent some time with you. And occasionally will listen to you, but mostly just seems excited that things are around and he gets to go out. You get the sense that the entire time you were gone he was cooped up in your old room and is just like (excited panting) looking at everything around and occasionally leaps out of the cart after something and chases it down and then just bamfs back. It's like a tether teleport. You make your way to Trostenwald? I don't think you got a name for it, you just got a description of what it contained. The Salty Sea. Do you have your alchemical supplies with you? Okay, go ahead and make-- This will be proficiency plus intelligence modifier; make it with disadvantage because you're on a moving cart. Yep. Okay. I'd say if you focus on it entirely from your trip between Nicodranas and Trostenwald, you could probably prepare half of that amount. So as far as the vials of oil, what would be considered a singular vial, the whole amount that you purchased could make four, you have two completed that can be used. They're prepared as Alchemist Oil. All right, you guys make your way to Trostenwald? This is perfect. As we're moving along if at any point you want to interject just jump in. Wait, is this Sending? Sending, they can respond to you. Yeah. That's how it's done in the past. I will say, roll an intelligence check, Beau. Yep. Okay, yeah. You are particularly descriptive in your ability to recall details about Dairon, because you are not familiar with this individual. Yeah, you give a very specific detail about them. I'll allow it. All right, hold on. Let me finish up here while this conversation's happening. You hear a response (strained) "I do not recognize this voice, but I'm familiar with this magic. I am "recovering in Bladegarden, but am safe." That's all. Caleb? Yeah. As you get to a higher level and travel further distances, it's less and less fun to make you roll survival every night you camp. The general roadside issues that would come your way are less of a challenge. Yeah. All right. Do you have any business in Trostenwald while you're there? Perfect. Two incongruent conversationalists, I love it. All right, cool. You get some more supplies for the next leg of your journey, if you'd like to. To get you to Alfield, we'll say, amongst the whole crew, maybe-- let's see here... If you want to create food and water, then you don't have to pay for anything. All right, cool. You travel-- this would be two days. You want to ask around? Okay, while you're there, go ahead and make an investigation check. Asking around? No sign of Gustav. The few people that knew of him, only because of the conversation and local talk about (old person's voice) that terrible circus that came through town, that carnival that killed all them people. Gustav fucked off as soon as he was let out. You're going to Alfield and then bypassing Zadash, is what you were saying, and then going straight to Felderwin. You make your way, two days, to Felderwin-- I'm sorry, to Alfield. Any business in Alfield? Okay. As you approach the city, the people here go about their business per normal, though it does look like there is a presence of Righteous Brand soldiers, maybe a hundred or so that have been stationed here on top of the crownsguard. The crownsguard were here before, and you see Righteous Brand patrolling the major ins and outs and doing passes around the vicinity. General protection to this city has been increased in the presence of this war. You approach the city and ask around. Bryce is both available, though looking a bit harried. They approach. "My goodness, it's been some time, friends! You look traveled." "What can I do to help you?" "Well, best that we can-- best that I know, at least-- we're just being as careful as "possible. We didn't expect things to press this far east this quickly. From what I know is "Felderwin just recently took an assault from the brief missives that have been sent around to "various lawmasters in the vicinity. The attacks came from underground." "It wasn't a direct assault. Apparently-- and this put us in a bit of a tizzy recently-- "they managed to just appear in the city from underneath." "They burned some of the fields and destroyed a few buildings and then left. "I don't know the exact number of dead; you'd probably have to ask." "I'm a bit worried, yes. We're all a bit worried. We don't want to alarm the populace, but "(sighs) rumors spread and we do our best to quell them." "It's more of a-- we don't have any of the fancy subterranean sewers as cities like Zadash "to the north. It's mostly a dig-a-hole, outhouse-type scenario." "Good. We're just hoping that there isn't much of a reason to stop in Alfield. At least we "know that Felderwin supplies most of the Empire with its food and crops and such, so there seems "to be some strategic reason for that assault, though I don't see what purpose Alfield has in the "larger spectrum, so I'm banking on that." "Where are you off to?" "Well, good news is they've already been attacked. Hopefully the lightning doesn't strike twice." "Hi, yes, we met briefly when you passed through here earlier." "Pleasure to see you again as well." "That's all right. If there's anything that I can do to aid you if you need to pass through "again, just let me know. You know where to find me." "Good to see you as well. Travel safe." "There's not much I can really help with. I'm not really involved in the red tape of most "things. If it's another lawmaster you're going to speak with, that's one thing, but--" "No, I don't." "I am indeed, and that would be illegal." "Wonderful, thank you for the opportunity to prove my virtue." "To be honest, weirder come through here fairly often, especially these days." "Yeah. The direction you've grown is curious, but in all sincerity, it's good to see "you all. All right, be safe." LAURA and "Jinx indeed. All right, back to business." They head to the rest of their day's work. Okay, I'll say from Alfield's about a three-and-a-half days' travel. Gathering your supplies there, making your way eastward towards Felderwin, is there any business you wish to attend to on the way? Okay. (equally goofy voice) There you go. I'll send you an email later. Congratulations. (normal voice) That, my friends, is the sound of history. "No! I've been defeated! Curse your worldly understanding of trade!" Take your orange piece! That's not even an orange piece. Anyway, in crossing the bridge to cross the Eistus River, cresting the hills before it, you can already see the low haze of gray and brown that's gently fading over the region. As you reach the peak and look down upon the familiar sight of the once-green farmland that you had passed by when you were heading north toward Shadycreek Run, you can already see a fair patch of the Tillage lies black and ashen. Probably a quarter of it. As you begin to make your way towards the outskirts of the city, you can already see small squadrons of Righteous Brand patrolling the fields. I mean, a dozen small squadrons of about 50 soldiers each. You can see quite a few military has been relegated and probably sent southward from Bladegarden since this incursion a few weeks back. As you come upon the outside of Felderwin, which is built not too far from the Eistus River, you can already see there are a number of buildings burned and blackened on the opposite end of the fields. The fields are on the northern side of the city. On the southeastern side, there's a section of the town that appears to have burned or burnt down to varying degrees, depending on buildings. Okay. Anyone else? Okay, lead them to the city. You see that there are crownsguard, a little more than usual. Definitely on the perimeter of the city, you can see bands of ten to 12 Righteous Brand set along at fairly intense positions to look outward. They're doing their best to lock things down as this investigation is still being completed as to what transpired here. You make your way to that part of the city. Glancing over towards the first main plaza intersection of this part of Felderwin, there's a few people talking. A blue flash catches your attention out of the corner of your eye. You see three Righteous Brand soldiers that are standing with an elven woman in fine flowing clothes of green and black. She angrily gives a few offhanded orders at a distance, while it looks like the source of this blue flash, a male figure, is standing where previously was not. This figure that apparates is wearing deep blue robes and appears to be elven, with very long white hair. Also an elder elf, though of pale skin in comparison to the one you met previously. Approaches with haste towards this woman. They begin to whisper for a moment before he shoos off the rest of the guards, and the two of them begin to walk together, the pair of them having a conversation. Make a perception check. You see them. You don't recognize them. Meaning it was a male elder elven figure, but-- Just like Yussa, but Yussa was of Gwardan descent. This appears to be of northern elf, which most of that bloodline stems from Malaismere and what split off into Bysaes Tyl. They're talking amongst each other and then walk and disappear around a corner. You're too far away. Yes. Do you continue on? You recognize both of them. The woman is Lady Vess DeRogna, the Archmage of Antiquity at the Cerberus Assembly. Lady Vess DeRogna, the Archmage of Antiquity of the Cerberus Assembly. Antiquity. The man, the elder elf, is Martinet Lunidus Da'leth. Martinet. Lunidus. L-U-N-I-D-U-S. Da'leth. D-A-apostrophe-L-E-T-H. This won't come back to bite you. Archmage of Domestic Protections. Domestic Protection. DeRogna. You guys continue on. You head down that eastern thoroughfare, passing by a number of homes and businesses. You start coming upon the ones that were damaged. You see one looks to be a warehouse that burned down. There is an inn called the Glassy Grass Inn that you're familiar with, Nott. That has burned to the ground. There is another building next to that. There is the Brenatto Apothecary that is also burned to the ground. There are people rummaging through the rubble, through some of their homes, still looking and pulling out elements of whatever they can gather of their former life. You can see there is a crownsguard-- a pair of crownsguard that are walking this way. For anything in particular, or just trying to make it look like you're looking around? Make a perception check. You glance around, looking through the visible rubble, moving a few things. Don't appear to be any signs of life, nor any signs of death, immediately. Make an investigation check now that you're poring through. Unfortunately, in this scattering of rubble-- I mean, you can still see the frame of the building standing, with an element of the roof that's still there, but most of it has fallen inward. This was a place of business that appeared to have a few rooms of homestead attached to the back of it, but all that has burned and fallen in. The crownsguard walk by and stop. One of them, a female, looks over and goes, "Hey, you looking for help?" "It's terrible, isn't it?" "We don't get this kind of thing this far west. We're not supposed to. I don't want to "fight those things." "The cricks. The things that came in and did this." "Yeza?" "I don't know. They haven't found a body, so that's something. His boy Luke was found safe "and is staying with... what's her name?" Looks over to the other guy. The other person, the woman, looks at him and goes, "At Old Edith's house." You know of Old Edith, yeah. An older woman a few buildings down. "Yeah, Luke's okay." "From what I heard, they just burned and slashed. Just under a hundred crownsguard were "killed, a few of my friends. 14 civilians died in the fires. It was the weirdest thing. "I watched friends of mine begin to slow down. Anyway." "Yeah. Thankfully not on the front line." "They went back where they came, through the tunnels, and collapsed them behind them." "There. Between the city and the tillage." He points in the direction where those two were walking. "Did you know them?" "I'm sorry for yours, too." The two continue walking. This would be more of an investigation, since you're looking through rubble as opposed to peering through. The ones that you were just speaking to. They're walking off now. Let's make an investigation check as a group. One of you helms it. With their help, you have advantage on the roll. You find a bunch of shattered alchemist's equipment glass vials, metallic containers of different kinds that all have charred elements to them. You find in a back room elements of bedding that are mostly burned away, some child's toys, wooden, that have been charred and burned to a crisp. No signs of any bodies. You do find the basement, which you do know of. The basement door is locked. Go ahead and make an attempt. It's not moving at all. Make a strength check. It's not budging. Yasha's going to get extremely angry and rage and attempt to make her way through. At advantage, strength check. (thud) It's not budging. That lock is holding tight, far more than it should for its design. Okay. Yeah, that'll do it. The Arcane Lock on it dissipates, and the pressure that has been placed on it-- we'll say the lock falls open. Do you open the basement? Stepping down the stairs underneath, it's a small chamber, no more than 15 by 15 feet. The room is tossed, not like you remember. There's a pile of broken table shards in the far right corner. There's additional shattered glass all over the floor here. There's an iron chest, roughly three feet long by a foot wide, that sits in the far left corner. A single chair holds the center of the room. That's what remains inside. Make an investigation check. It looks like there was definitely a struggle in here. Looking at the walls, it looks like there are blade scrapes against bits of stone. A lot of the furniture in here has been destroyed as part of that from heavy impacts. But the center chair seems perfect. There is not an invisible person. It looks like the room. Based on your investigation check, you gather that the chair was probably placed here after this, whatever transpired in this room. There is no other exit from this chamber. Make an investigation check. Make your separate rolls here. Oh, are you helping? So you get advantage on this. There's an iron chest. As you guys are inspecting all this, you and Caduceus are giving a fair play on the walls. No doors, no other exits. It's just that stairway, from what you can find. It is locked. That breaks the Arcane Lock on it. In spite of the resistance, the spell, you (click) and see a brief (poof) as the Arcane Lock is dispelled and unlocked. You open it up. Make a constitution saving throw for me, please. A brief puff of what looks like a dull black gas (small explosion) in your face, and you pull out of the way and inhale a little bit. It's a weird dizzying sensation that comes over your body for a second, but you manage to shrug it off. You see inside a retractable silver tripod of some kind. The apex looks like it's set to hold something. It's three of them that come together, and you imagine, where it'd open up, there's a little platform beneath it. They all don't meet, really, at the top. There's three things that are set to hold a device of some kind. It doesn't look like it has similar characteristics or metal, per se, but you can try and fit it in if you want to. Yes, there are three empty vials. One full one that seems to contain-- it seems like it's on the verge of liquid and gas. There is liquid in there, but a lot of it seems to be this heavy, fog-like condensation, a dull gray color. There appears to be a conglomeration of notes that were destroyed, burned. Most of it looks like shreds that are piled up in case someone were to attempt to try and do something with it later. There are two pieces of paper that appear to be still legible. (cheering) You do not. You do not recognize any handwriting. From the investigations that you've already put through, that seems to be most of anything of interest. Everything else has either been removed, or is just broken furniture and whatever this laboratory once was. The chest is a little big for a haversack. It's a three-foot by one-foot-- Actually, three-foot by-- you might be able to fit it in longways into the Bag of Holding. The Haversack's pouches aren't large enough. You found it under the bed of... My brain's not working. The Iron Shepherds, with Lorenzo. Make an investigation check. It's a chair that was probably placed here after this attack. I mean, I'll say, based on the chair's placement, the chest, and the fact that it was locked when you left, people had to have come back in and back out since this attack happened. Probably whoever locked this chest put this chair here and then locked the room as they left. I'll allow it. It's simple enough for you to do with your hand if you want to. It's not Arcane Locked, but it's locked. Appears to be a chair. Yes. It's a chair. It's a standard chair. Correct. No, you gather that whoever came down here last brought the chair with them to probably lock their things and leave it here and then lock the basement behind them, not expecting anyone to make their way in in the interim. Caduceus has been cleaning it. You exit the basement. Okay. The lock is pretty rough now. You think it locked. It got bashed open by Yasha, and between that and the Dispel, it's probably not going to hold. Okay. You look around the vicinity. It looks like there are some people who are looking over, seeing you in the ruins. They're other civilians, a couple farmers and townsfolk. They're not staring; they're just walking and noticing you all standing in the rubble. They keep walking. Like a five minute walk. Okay. You roll the cart along. It's not even a five minute walk, actually. It's a few houses down. It's very quick. You come to the humble hovel of thatched roof and stone walls where Old Edith lives. The door is currently closed. Okay. A moment passes, and the door opens up, and an elderly human woman comes to the door. Gray hair that goes past her shoulders. It's a little wild and unkempt and wiry at the edges. There are wrinkles that scrunch the face in this perpetual smile, and the eyes are almost beady behind the folded forehead and lids that have fallen with time. "Hello? Can I help you?" "Ah, I thought you were dead." "My goodness. Luke? Luke?" You see a small halfling boy, maybe no more than five years old, peek around the doorway. Shaggy, light brown hair, blue eyes. "Yeah?" "Daddy said the goblins killed you." "Edith says Daddy went away to help the war, but I think she's lying. He's probably dead too, "like I thought you were." "No. Daddy locks me away when the mean lady comes by." He stiffens up. He's overwhelmed and untrusting of this scenario-- But you still pick him up. "The mean lady with the pointy ears." "Mm-hmm." "Daddy would put me in my room." "That was the night when all the loud noises happened." "Daddy pushed me out of the house and said go, so I ran to Edith. Everything was on fire." "No. It was just a lot of scary people in armor." "Mommy, where were you?" "I get presents, but he just says they're from somebody." "Is Daddy alive?" "And you're alive again?" "Then don't die." He turns around and walks back into the house. "I'm just happy to see you're okay. I'll watch the boy. Is there anything I can do to...? "I'm real sorry." "My husband passed away seven years ago, and it's just been me." "Look, Veth, wherever you go, let me know how I can help. If you need us to leave, "we'll leave. I mean, you've given me enough to at least get out of town for a while." "I can do that." "Okay, I can do that." "He's a good boy, Veth. You did good." "Take care of yourself." She closes the door. At that point, back where you rode from, walking across the street are the two figures that you saw when you first came towards the plaza. Walking and quietly talking to each other, heading towards the rubble of the apothecary. That's where we're going to end tonight's episode. (groaning) It was! For a while. Hey, I mean, look at it this way. If you guys had come here instead of Nicodranas, you would have been here when all this went down. Anyway-- I know, RIP, ears at the end of the episode. Yep. All right, guys. We'll pick up here next Thursday. It's going to be a hell of a week for all of us. We'll see some of you guys at the art gallery this weekend. We'll see some of you guys at the live show on Saturday. Super excited to have everyone step back into their Vox Machina shoes. We'll pick up at this crazy point next Thursday.