And hello, everyone. Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) (laughing hard) Look, guys, the point is, he's alive. I don't think that's mouth blood. There's different types for on-camera stuff. Well, Sam, I'm happy you're healthy and that you survived this terrible assault. Well done. Yeah, thank you, Sam, and thank you, D&D Beyond. Following up on that, we have another announcement that went up. We're excited that we're now doing a live show for our appearance at New York Comic Con. The one we did in LA. I'm sure. And we'll actually have Laura and Travis for this one, too. critrole.com has all the information as well. Marisha, I believe you had the latest episode of Handbooker Helper. Fair enough. Thank you, guys. Yeah. (deep voice) I'll get you, Gadget. That's such a classic voice. Ah, I love it. Sam, you have something you want to talk about? Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Critters, for your fantastic support of this awesome charitable cause. Also wanted to give a quick congratulations to all of our Indian Critters of the LGBT community for a fantastic win today. Love you very much, and a step in the right direction. Now, let me see. Do we have any merch announcements, Laura? There you have it. Awesome. To finish up here with our second sponsor tonight, bookending it for you, our friends at Raven Rook, who are just jumping into their Kickstarter. If you guys haven't seen, they have these really awesome, high-quality, discbound journal/gaming notebooks that you can use, which are all different designs and themes that look awesome. They have all the information you can fill in there for all your character stuff, spells and levels. It's really, really badass. Their quality is awesome, so you can check out their stuff now at therookandtheraven.com/criticalrole. Get there before the Kickstarter campaign ends on September 20, so you've only got a couple of more weeks on that, but go check it out. They're amazing; the quality of this is fantastic. Check it out. I believe that's all of our announcements. After a two-week hiatus from our main story, let's jump back in to tonight episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Mighty Nein, as you close the final miles to the outskirts of the northern side of Nicodranas, the first and one of the major port towns in the Menagerie Coast, what would you like to do? Make an insight check. You haven't made it to the gates of the city yet. You're probably about 20 or so minutes from reaching the exterior of Nicodranas. If you were to head straight south, as opposed to continuing on the somewhat southwestern path towards the city, you would eventually hit the shoreline on the eastern side of the city for about 40, 45 minutes or so to get there. So heading southward, deviating from the path that leads directly into Nicodranas, The Mighty Nein makes their way southward towards the shoreline. The better part of an hour passes. You can see to the right, the exterior walls of the city and beyond the somewhat light gray to white patterned walls. They may have been gray at one point, but the white pattern you can see across them seems to be layers and layers and years and years of seagull excrement having gathered, stronger towards the southern side of the wall as you pass near that section of the city. Okay. What do you look like? Okay. Human Jester. Okay, great. Continuing on this way, you begin to see the seagulls now, new birds for a lot of you here. You can see these white (cawing) going overhead as they begin to cluster and hit the shoreline. You see a few of them diving towards the water as you begin to look past the edge of the rock into the sand bank. You can see eventually as your cart begins to make its way towards the rougher bit of terrain before it breaks at the ocean, the actual waves now crashing up against the shore and now pulling away. Pushing again. Okay. Yeah, looking past the afternoon sun at this vantage point especially, you can see it dancing across the distant horizon shore like hundreds of little glistening flecks of glass. The shore's sound itself is very soothing as you approach and pull up your pants and take off your boots to begin to step into the soft sand. You can see large rocks that occasionally break up the beach itself that jut outward, and on these you can see small carvings. You can see things that have been drawn on them with chalk, it looks like, that have been mostly washed away or eroded with time. As close as maybe 150 feet out, you see a small fishing ship that is on the outskirts of the southern portion of the city. Glancing off to the right to where the city docks begin, you can see dozens of ships that are in the middle of the harbor, that are coming into the harbor, many that are in the process of being anchored and then set up within the docks themselves. This eastern side you recognize as the Restless Wharf of the city and you know the harbor is broken into two different sides. Make an investigation check. You find a lot of really soft sand. You start putting it into piles, and then you start building a cool little mound and a wave comes and destroys it and you're a little sad. But that's how life works. Okay, yeah. There's the-- The rocks are pretty disparate amongst the shore here. There is one section where you can see a string of four rocks at different heights that eventually get to about 30 or so feet out into the shore before they disappear beneath the ocean surface. So before you even touch the water you dive on up to one of the rocks, and as you get to the top your hands hit there and you can already see the top of the rock is bleached white with seagull shit. But it's dry. Glancing over the side, you make a leap to the next one. Make an athletics check. Yeah. You can just walk right into it. It's an open beach right here. 25. You deftly leap from rock to rock until eventually you get to the final one. It's maybe breaking about three or four feet out of the water and you're perched on it and looking out in the distance. You can see the rolling waves coming in, you can see-- just like that, yeah. It's a beautiful sight. The sun maybe has a few more hours before it begins to become full dusk and the colors begin to shift in the sky. But for you having never seen the ocean, for many of you, it's serene, it's different, it's beautiful, it's warm. And Caduceus, as you put your feet into the water it is quite cool. It isn't freezing, it's a comfortable temperate temperature. You feel the sand grip and slowly dissipate between your toes as you pull it in. It's a really unique sensation and you can't help but be excited by it. Okay. You watch as Caleb-- Caleb slowly submerges entirely into the ocean. Up to the neck, or fully submerged? Eventually you see Caleb vanish beneath the ocean. There's a brief moment of worry as a few seconds pass with no sight before you see (bloop), buoyantly finding his way to the surface. As you crouch down, you notice the clothing you place as Caleb begins to shift. Moving slowly to one side. You pull it up, and you see beneath it a large sand crab that emerges from underneath it, looks up at you with two small black beads for eyes, and the claws (snapping). Make a dexterity check. 11. It rolled exactly an 11 on its dexterity, so you manage to just capture it. It's going to attempt to snipe at you. That's a 17 to hit with the armor class. Your thumb clamps down and there's an immediate flash of pain through your body. As you're trying to shake it off, it's still whipping back and forth, holding on tightly. Okay. Make an acrobatics check. Ten? Thankfully, it rolled lower than you. It takes you a little bit of effort. It takes you two or three leaps, because it keeps skittering out of the way, and you're not about to be bested by a small crustacean. For the third try, you manage to get just enough leverage as you push into the air, and with one resounding crack down through its external shell, it releases its grip somewhat on your thumb. You have to actually pry it off. It seems to be locked into its death grip. Okay, and over the next ten minutes or so, you watch as one seagull comes down, eats and grabs it, (whooshing) about 25 of them suddenly descend as word gets out and you're surrounded by white birds. We'll say, for the sake of narrative, you manage to pick off about eight of them before they end up scattering away from it. You have this beach riddled with dead seagulls, with crossbow bolts out of their bodies. In the cart, I believe. if you guys are doing some training, what are you training him in? It's going to take you a couple hours of working with him here on the beach, but you can do that. Make an animal handling check. Okay, utilizing bits of the feed and the snacks that you had purchased off of the original vendor, with Sprinkle tucked up in your neck, and they're focused on their various endeavors, Jester's tunnel vision focused on this adorable little blink dog. The fur is a light tan color with bits of faintly darker brown stripes and a hint of calico elements to its coat, but very faint along the back. Oversized puppy paws that look soft and goofy, but the limbs themselves are a little unnaturally angular for a natural dog. You can see some of its fey nature peeking through in its features. Its ears are very tall and pointed, though wide at the base. As you start teaching it to blink, you watch as it prepares each time, and as it begins to figure out the commands and what you're trying to guide, the eyes begin to go from a dark black to a bright blue right before it blinks over here and the eyes fade from blue to black as soon as it manages to find its next location. Over the next two hours or so of you working with this, you begin to eventually develop the early stages of finding ways to command it to teleport when you want it to, although you can't really guide where it's going to teleport yet. But you've learned a command or a whistle of your choice that will tell it to blink. So you get to decide on that. Did you name your owl? What did you name your owl? Do you meditate for the full two hours that she's training the blink dog, or do you return to Professor Thaddeus in the cart? Okay, so you stand about 50 yards from the cart and hold aloft your forearm, and attempt to find a way to coax Professor Thaddeus. Roll an animal handling check. Okay, 21. Over the next hour and a half or so, you realize that your owl won't just come to you. You begin to find coaxing it with pieces of meat that you scavenge from the remnants of the meal. You're waving the seagull, it seems a bit large, but eventually, in smaller pieces, you begin to realize you can coax it and you can get it to come to you when you have a piece of food in your grasp. Yeah. You've begun the process of forming a bond with your animal. Thaddeus seems to already have a stronger bond with Caduceus than you. While this chaos is happening with Caduceus slowly wading through the shoreline, Caleb floating in the distance, practically nude, Nott diminishing the population of the various waterfowl, and those two training their pets, what are you doing, Fjord? As the falchion emerges from whatever pocket space it resides when not in use, there's a splash of ocean water across the ground, flung from the very faint bit of force that is released upon its summoning. As you hold it in your grasp and hold it before you, looking at it for a moment, the sunlight gleaming off the blade showing the intricacies of its curvature, of the falchion Summer's Dance mutation that has come from the consuming of the blade not long ago. It feels cold, same temperature of the ocean that you're currently sitting in, and as the temperature of the ocean warms to your touch so does the temperature of the blade you're holding. I'd say he's about 15 feet out. Not too far. Yes, you may. Caleb, as you've been lying there, looking up into the beautiful blue sky with faint tufts of white drifting by, but mostly this unending sphere of blue color before you, Fjord just appears, a shadow above you, looming in the water. As a unique visual perspective here, too, as Caleb is no longer just floating buoyant, but who has probably not had too much experience swimming in the past, is having to haphazardly thrash-- It's closer to 20, we'll say. Enough to the point where you can submerge and touch your feet underneath, but to stay above the water you're talking as you thrash. Fjord is gently buoyant, occasionally putting the hands in the water, the armor itself keeping you mostly aloft by its enchantment, and just being comfortable in the water it's Fjord looming over as you're keeping up with him best you can. As you guys are having this discussion, you watch as this beacon of pink hair emerges from the water next to you. As you continue talking, the voice creeps through and goes, "Jester, I only received a "portion of what you were saying, but I am singing tonight. Are you nearby?" This side of the coast, it would be-- because where you are on the ocean, it would be setting in the west. You have multiple moons. From the Menagerie Coast, the sun does set in the ocean. As you guys gather your things, dusk has set in, and now the sky shifts from light blue to a deep blue and purple on the eastern side as the oranges, reds, yellows, and pinks begin to overtake the western side of the skyline. Are you heading back to the main road, to one of the entrances to the eastern gate of the city? Or are you heading towards the coastline to the actual wharf itself? Probably the wharf. Okay. You head along the coastline, eventually finding your way to where the wall itself slowly diminishes in steps. It does extend out into the ocean, there is no direct path where you can walk along the shore and go into the city. It is specifically marked off. There is an archway there that is gated by two of the guards that run the city. Okay. You do see about six zolezzo that are currently guarding that entrance. The rest of you see armored guards, varying from the scalemail and the maroons and muted colors of the townsguard you're used to seeing in the Empire. Here, the zolezzo have a blue and green base, but you can see on the armor, each individual zolezzo has their own unique decoration and flair to it, some way of customizing it, making it their own. As such, even within their own ranks there is a sense of color and individuality, and their own armored senses. That doesn't mean they're not still armed and wondering who the fuck you are as you approach the exterior of the city. As your cart begins to approach, four of the six zolezzo immediately raise their weapons, and they begin to approach. "Halt! What is your business in Nicodranas?" The one at the front, you can see beneath his helmet, which has these two bits of chainmail that curl open like curtains on each side of his face. He pulls them out of the way and looks forward towards the rest of the crew there. You can see his darker skin and his thick brow, it's almost like a unibrow that sits over sun-dried lips that are a bit cracked and parched. He glances forward, looks over the rest of you and goes, "The Ruby of the Sea?" Make a persuasion check. 15? Okay. He goes, "All right, and where do you hail from?" Port Damali is from the other side, but it's fine. He goes, "All right. It's roundabout. And "you are?" Now make a deception check. He looks back to the rest of the zolezzo, and they discuss for a moment for themselves, and he says, "Well, I apologize, but there is no entry after dark on this side of the wharf, regardless. "If you want to enter, you have to enter from the main gates." "Well, then you'll have to find some way to make it through the gate." He holds his hand out. You put five gold in his hand? He shakes it in his palm. "Very well, let them in." To the side, they have a portcullis that is held up by some sort of chain mechanism that is beyond the wall. They step aside and let you in, they usher you through quickly because nobody's supposed to come through this entrance. As they all walk by, you can see them all looking each of you up and down, taking a mental note of what you have on you, who you are, what you look like, as well as what they perceive to be inside the cart. A few strange faces at the cluster of creatures around Jester and the rather disinterested looking owl that's clutching the forearm bracer of Beauregard. You pass through this archway on the exterior wall and immediately look before you, and you can see the eastern side of the harbor here, what is known as the Restless Wharf. Immediately before you, you can see a plethora of people that are walking along this heavy dockside harbor. There are a number of warehouses and small huts and buildings that are built both on the dock and built along the side of where it adjusts from stone and sand into wood and elements that turn into the docks themselves. You can see tall cranes made of wood and cord and rope, some of them ten feet, some of them 25-30 feet or so, that are in the process of either loading or off-loading various materials from the trade ships that are making their way into harbor or loading up to leave in the morning. You see two or three larger guild buildings that tend to be the hubs of information for those that are coming from the docks. There are a few dockmasters that are walking around who are in the process of taking down information of who it is entering or exiting with their ships, making sure that everything is being handled, and you see a number of zolezzo that are also keeping a close eye. Torches are now lit as the sky grows darker, and there's one that's going through the city and lighting the actual oil lanterns that hang on these tall, thin poles that dot the city that have to be lit at dusk. One thing that does catch your eye is, right towards the center of this harbor where the Restless Wharf would be transitioning into what you know as the Open Quay, which is the other half of this harbor, there is a massive lighthouse that sits on this one bit of rock that protrudes where the docks come to an end and an element of the stone floor continues out before breaking off into a shelf into the ocean below. You can see this beautiful lighthouse. You know it as the Mother's Lighthouse. It catches your attention specifically, Caduceus, because the beautiful design of this lighthouse, while it seems natural and a gradual tower-like point on the back side, on the northern side, the southern side that faces the ocean has a 20-foot relief of the upper torso of a woman that is emerging from the lighthouse looking out over the ocean. A beautiful sculpture with wild hair that tangles and curls around the shoulders and then merges in with the stonework of this lighthouse, but what's unique is the way the lighthouse itself is placed as it rotates. As the light beacon comes across, you watch as the eyes of the woman flare up as the light passes that side of the tower. You recognize, the closer you get to this area, this large sculpture is that of the Wildmother, of Melora. That is where the Mother's Lighthouse title comes from. You guys are making your way through the Restless Wharf, and getting odd looks from the side of various sailors and dockhands that are curious as to who you are and how you made your way here. Are you heading directly to--? Okay. That being the case-- Yeah, you've spent a bit of time here. It's a little over 400, 450 miles from here. It's quite a distance. Yeah, along the Menagerie Coast, Port Damali is the westernmost port city, which is why it's the largest here. It's the major hub of trade between all the western bits of civilization-- Tal'Dorei, Marquet, Issylra-- with the port town Nicodranas being the furthest east. The two of those mark the two endpoints, the bookends of the Menagerie Coast. There are a few other port towns in between, but they're smaller by comparison, and Nicodranas is about half the size of Port Damali. Make a perception check. Nine. Everyone seems to be going about their business. You are drawing some attention from folks as it is their job, there are a few zolezzo that keep an eye as you pass by. You see one male dwarf figure that appears to probably be the Wharfmaster who has a number of people talking to him, who watches you pass by, and as he does so he scribbles something in a book and then goes about his business, but that's the most you notice. You pass beyond the Restless Wharf heading north-northwest into the city, eventually the hustle and bustle of the docks begin to fade, the warehouses begin to slowly diminish their overtaking of the central business area of the city, and you come upon a large, 15-foot tall stone archway. It's a gradual arch as opposed to being straight and then turning over, it's a slow, gradual arch there with a large gem embedded at its peak, at its zenith. There are eleven of these throughout the district. These, if you were to recount what information of history you know about the city here, the Opal Archways once marked the-- goddamn it. There you go. They once marked the exterior of the original city-- I will fucking kill you. Never mind, you don't get lore! I can give and I can take away! No, the Opal Archways mark what were the original boundaries of the city when it was first founded, and the city has expanded far beyond that, but that now marks the richer, most lively district where a lot of the political elite, where a lot of diplomats, and the wealthy merchants come to either live and/or spend their money. You pass beyond this archway, the original, occasional set poles that hold the oil lanterns that give the faint bit of flickering firelight through these dark cobblestone streets give way to much more vibrant, magical baubles that hover about ten feet above the air. They've already been set, and you see them give off a brighter glow, and the colors seem to shift. One of them has a whiter color but then slowly turns to an orange, then shifts to a green. About ten feet away on the other side of the street, you see another one that's colors are shifting but in a different pattern, so they're kind of complementing and also contrasting each other. At this point, too, you begin to see the streets-- while not as crowded as the wharf, people that are here are much better dressed. You see a carriage make its way by to your right, and you see a few folks that appear to be well-dressed nobles of some kind, wearing a crushed silk-type clothing that is bright blues and purples, and jewelry of all sorts of gems and colors. Compared to a lot of the drab decor that a lot of the noble families wear in your experiences up in the Empire, the cultural mishmash that tends to build here on the coast over time with so many people coming from so many places, it all has built this mixing pot of styles and ideas and self-expression, and it immediately is visible in the people that live here. You do notice, strangely, that there are a few townsguard among the zolezzo here. Crownsguard. Crownsguard of the Empire. Correct. They look like they're keeping an eye out, and you two have had the experience here. Crownsguard do have a small presence here. Because Nicodranas is the closest to the Empire, it's also the crossover point where the two entities-- the Clovis Concord that oversees the Menagerie Coast and the Dwendalian Empire-- make their laws and agreements and all of their essential intent to not attack, undermine, or destroy each other takes place. So while the laws of the Clovis Concord are enforced here, technically the Crownsguard can enforce imperial law if they were to see anything that does break imperial law. However, their presence is much thinner than anywhere else in the Empire, and it's more of a courtesy given to them by the Concord to make them feel more comfortable in the city that is closest here. That's largely why this city here in Nicodranas is considered a popular escape for those who want to get away. It's the Vegas of the Dwendalian Empire, where it's close enough they can go travel to and still enjoy a bit of comfort and some semblance of home in places, but it's still different and alien and unique enough to the point where it feels like a vacation. They're more on duty, though you're not sure if it's their own duty or if they've been given some sort of post specifically by whoever's paying them. But it catches the rest of you who aren't familiar with this sight a little off-guard, and you immediately adjust your posture and get into a little more of a naturally defensive position, knowing that there is now two forces of law enforcement now looking to the streets of the Archways. In passing further through the Opal Archways district, you begin to hear the music of various street buskers and performers beginning to take to the roads. They have their own lighting arrangements, and you see a small-- what's the word for it? A topped cart, a vardo. Thank you. Well, it would be on yours. A vardo tucked into one corner, where there is a small group of about four performers out there doing juggling acts. It reminds you of the early days, when you had first come across the carnival in Trostenwald. Most everyone in the street doesn't pay them mind, occasional silver is tossed their way. Passing that still, you go by a building that catches your attention immediately. This gaudy, nearly a palace of an estate. You see this large building, white silk-draped, dull brass and orange-yellow stone, a sandstone base construct of a building. You know this. You've passed it before, but you're uncertain. This is the Marquis Demesne. This is where the Marquis of the city lives. Even at a glance, you can see that there's probably well over 40 rooms within this establishment. It looks like a small compound, with three low towers, four or five story towers, two at the front and one towards the back that's the taller of the three. All one singular building. It looks like a palace. Small for a palace, but too large for a mansion. It's that weird, in-between state. A lot of money has gone into its construction, and the closer you get to it, you can see that maybe it's not in the best of upkeep. But what you do notice is that the presence of Zolezzo is very strong. There's probably about 20 or more zolezzo that are in the process of keeping an eye on the vicinity, walking around the boundaries of the exterior of the Demesne. You can see eight or so that are stationed at the front, and a few that are walking along the upper parapets or high walls, keeping an eye down on the street. Yeah. It can vary, but you get the sense-- Make a history check, actually. You get the sense that there's probably a handful of diplomats that are staying there as guests, and that's why the guard is a little more heightened than normal. As you curve around the bend of the exterior of Demesne, you see before you what is considered the high-end inn of the Opal Archways. You see this beautiful, three-story, thin but very tall building of soft, sky blue pigment that's been painted across the stone, and each windowsill you can see this gold-leafed wooden frame, that dangling from it is a deep cerulean, crushed velvet curtain that open up across glass windows that appear to be stained glass, and glowing from the inside, emanate this slightly shifting kaleidoscope of color from the inside out. The steps that lead up to the front double doors, which are currently open, emanate a very soft sound of music a four, five piece band, apparently, playing gentle, atmospheric music to the interior. This is a very familiar sight to you, Jester, as this is the Lavish Chateau. This is where you grew up. This is your home. You know Disguise Self lasts an hour, right? It's been over an hour. But I'll say that you've kept it up, but mark off two more 1st-level spell slots for the time it's taken to travel since you arrived at the ocean. From traveling from the ocean to the city, and making your way through, it's been the better part of an hour, so it would be two spell slots. Yeah, a little over an hour since you left the beach. From what you recall, they request weapons be noted. You can keep a weapon on your person, as a means of self-defense, but you cannot come in fully decked out, ready for armor. You can have one small personal item on yourself as a means of self-defense. Everything else can be kept at a coat room at the entrance. You also do see two zolezzo that are stationed on either side of the open doorway that is part of the protective presence here at the inn and the higher-end customers that they see. Make an intelligence check. He can adjust his height. That's part of the Disguise Self ability that he has. No, it's a racial trait of a firbolg. Okay. You've taken a bit of time to study the accouterments and fashion of those around you in the city, specifically those that appear to be common denizens of Nicodranas. As you emerge with Caleb, you see Caleb in this beautifully clean, well-pressed coat, with a higher collar, a wider sleeve, and with cuff. You can see a bit of a cravat poofing from beneath. A very nice presence. And you see, with the same pink hair-- how would you like to be dressed? All right. So you almost look like one of the ghosts from Pac-Man. Okay, perfect. As you approach and begin to step out of the cart, you see a young human man in his early 20s or so, his hair gelled back, but it tends to curl up and poof a bit towards the base and around the sides of his neck. He's wearing a vest with a plain but well-made silk white shirt and a pair of trousers. You recognize him as Tyral. He is essentially the front hand of the inn. As he approaches, he looks up to you. "Are you leaving your cart here? Are you going to be staying?" "All right. Well, I will see that this is taken care of. Please, enter." "We can. There is a charge." "Um." Sets it on the railing of the stairway on the side, and goes, "Very well. I will see and "tend to the horses and your hawk?" "Ow! Ow! Ow!" "This is actually to pay for the service." He doesn't say. How much do you give him? Boarding the animals and taking care of the cart. All right. You drop five gold in his hand, and his eyes go wide. He's like, "Oh, of course!" "Right this way!" He seems to be immediately swallowing the pain from the talons that are grinding into his forearm, and is now smiling brightly and eager to please the new arrivals on the outskirts. As she's saying this, a dark spot is slowly spreading across. It is a male. It would be a Steven. Your cart is taken care of, one of your animals has found a temporary companion. You make your way up the steps. The zolezzo keep an eye out and nod as you pass, walking into the interior. The warm, light, and music embrace you as you step within the Lavish Chateau. The first thing you see are four chandeliers hanging from the ceiling in different corners of this very tall chamber, about 15 or so feet from floor to ceiling. There are rafters that align with a series of wide wooden bars that hang from the right to left side, and the chandeliers that hang from them appear to be made of a polished silver color and on them hang about 20 or so candles per chandelier that are giving off this gently flickering, warm light that trickles down into the main area. You see two bars, one to the right and one to the left in the far corners, with each being tended to by one bartender. You see a few servants that are jogging from table to table and ten or so tables. You're used to the dark wood taverns and the dives in various degrees. All the tables here have fine, very high-count white cotton or a white dupioni silk that is pulled across and around these circular tables, and across them a silver platter that contains candles, fresh fruit, complimentary slivers of cheese and crackers that are set out there. There aren't a lot of people in here. There's maybe nine patrons that are currently in the tavern, but those that are in here are very well dressed. They're clustered around three separate tables three, three and three at three different tables. Dupioni silk. It's a type of silk material that has an interesting texture to it. I'll show you at the break! It looks a little rougher than just smooth silk. It has a bit of a texture to it, and it looks a little more natural. There you go. Exactly! You see ten tables in the room total. Yes. Though the clientele can shift based on time. As you enter and look around, on the far end there is a single staircase, a wide ten-foot staircase, that ascends up towards the back wall and then splits in two different sides into two separate staircases that ascend to the second level. Along that, you can see all the wood painted in a faint gray or very light tan color. There is a carpeting that is draped over the center, about eight-foot wide down the staircase, that is a similar light blue color as the paint on the exterior of the building. On the exterior, yes. On the interior, it's a light tan and medium wood tint with whites and gold and silver. As you guys have been standing in the middle of the foyer area, you're pushed ahead by another group of about four individuals. They look to be merchants, well-dressed for the occasion, and they push passed. "Ah, excuse me." They go and find another table, and you get the sense that the room probably is going to be filling up. Your mom actually descends for her performance, so you'd have to go upstairs. Okay. Just you? All right. So you guys all find a table? Okay. You guys all find a table. You ascend the stairs with the normal route you're used to taking, which is to the right of the stairs' split towards the second floor. You can see on the brief landing before it goes up to the second floor there is another zolezzo guard who's stationed there, keeping an eye out. He looks to you, nods. You run up to the secondary floor, where there are a number of various rooms for the inn that are for rent. You head up the next flight of stairs. As they both meet in the center, there's this second flight that mirrors the bottom floor parallel on the floor upward. That one splits again on the top floor, and there, as you get to the third and final floor of the chateau, on the left side there are a number of inn doors, but there is one doorway that is made of a different wood grain than the rest of them. It was a gift from a very interested suitor years ago and it has been installed, but it marks the chamber where the Ruby of the Sea makes her home, and for most of your life until recently, you made yours. Okay. You go up to the door. You can hear, muffled through the doorway, a little bit of practiced singing. Some scales, some "La la la la la!" You hear other voices talking and there's some rustling moving through. Someone seems to stub a toe and goes, "Ow! We're trying--!" And there's a few other people rushing around in there. There's a pause and the door creaks open. You can see one of the servants who works within the chateau an older woman in her forties, human with very short, crimped dark hair who generally helps prep your mother, helps her get dressed and helps get her prepared for the performance. Glances past. Her name is-- actually, let me look it up. Nadine. She peeks through, looking at you, "I'm terribly sorry, what did you say?" "Unfortunately, she is going to be performing shortly." "She is not--" You hear a voice from behind her go, "I'm sorry, what?" From peeking over her shoulder as your vision focuses into the chamber beyond, low lit beyond the series of candles that are set around the single mirror. You see the beautiful red skin of your mother and the dark hair tumbled past the shoulder as she's been wearing a mostly laced up bodice, as the other servant is in the process of lacing and tying it. Glances over her shoulder and pushes past the edge of the chair. You see her smile brightly, her faintly white glowing hint of yellowish-gold tint to her eyes brighten immediately and goes, "Well, come in! Please, close the door." Nadine closes the door and goes, "I'm very confused by this, Mistress, but whatever you "require." At which point, the other one who's lacing is still pulling on the back of the bodice, and without even looking at her Marion pushes her aside, "Shh." As you give her a hug, she holds you there and goes, "You look different." There's a nod and the tension in her body melts as her arms close around your shoulders and back and pulls you in close. This moment of warmth and relief that washes over both of you and being reunited here in this chamber. The two servants sit in the back, awkwardly not quite understanding entirely either and whispering to each other, while Marion continues to hold you and rock you back and forth. "My beautiful Jester, I have missed you so much." "I remember you telling me you telling me you were going to go there." "How was it? I have not traveled beyond the boundaries." "I'd be happy to." She traces her fingers down your face. She feels it. "Can I see my little girl?" "They're fine." You drop the illusion and even though she knew, it wasn't until she gets an opportunity to look upon your face, and your hair, and your eyes, and your smile that you watch life breathe in like a renewed fire into the chest of your mother. Immediately she grabs the sides of your cheeks and pulls you in, "I've missed you so much." Brings you in, and kisses you on the forehead, and starts running her fingers through your hair. "He is very adorable." She immediately starts brushing your hair with her fingers on the side, "You've gone so far "and traveled so much. You have to tell me about what you've done." "Yes, it is, please. Do not mind, she knows what to do." Now in front of the mirror with you behind her, she's looking at you through the mirror over her shoulder as you're helping lace up the back of her bodice. She's enthralled, listening to all this. "I would never have thought my little Jester "would be seeing the world and fighting creatures." "I want to see how strong you've gotten." "Perhaps, wait until after the performance? I've just applied my-- anyway." At that point she stands up and Nadine helps her put the rest of her dress on. It's this beautiful deep purple, satin-type material. It's low-cut with this beautiful, long, training sleeve that hangs down past her knees when her arms are at her side. Puts on her necklace, a faint velvet choker that pulls across the back of the neck there and in the center is a small blue gem that she keeps to remind herself of you. She takes a moment to look in the mirror, "Well, how do I look?" "Then perhaps you should go join your friends." "Perhaps." You can technically spend higher spell slots to cast a lower level spell. If you want to, it's up to you. Okay. Okay, you run back downstairs join the rest. All right. In the 15 or 20 minutes or so that Jester's been gone, the rest of the room has filled. To the point where there are a few people hovering around your tables in hopes that perhaps you will leave and they will try to snipe it from you, occasionally clear their throat in your presence. Hoping that maybe you'll recognize their status as higher. They eventually make their way to the opposite side of the room, perpetually throwing stink-eye in your direction. You guys, I believe, took a table near the stairs, which would be on the right side, probably, for a table that was available. Looking from the entrance you came, so it would be on the northeastern side of the building. It's ten tables. Yeah, throughout the interior of this whole chamber, you probably have, now including yourselves, close to 50 to 60 people. That includes the people who are standing because the tables have either been taken. Some of the tables here are set in reserve for people that are only two folks that sit there and no one else is allowed to take the table and it is enforced. They come with their own Zolezzo bodyguards. Yeah, there is a couple that is currently situated on one of the central tables. The first one you see is a human woman, probably in her early twenties or so, very vibrant blonde hair that is pulled back and left into these curls that spiral down off the shoulders. Wearing a low-shoulder dress that's made of a very fine-- you can't really make out the material, but it has a sheen to it. Beautiful jewelry. Across the way, you can see a much older man. Receding hairline a bit, deep grayish turning white hair, very deep set crows feet in the sides of his face where his eyes are almost not visible. The eyelids themselves seem to be almost drooping and the wrinkles beneath are encroaching upon what little of the eyes you can see. Probably in his seventies or so, very well dressed, with a coat and tails. Both their attire seems to be more Dwendalian than Menagerie Coast. At least in the styles that they are wearing, though they do have two Zolezzo that are hired and keeping a watch at the table. You do not. Drinks have been ordered to your specifications of the table, and the drinks here are expensive. Okay. It's rare that you get rounds here; you either get high end liquors or bottles of wine. All right. That will cost you approximately-- Almost, six gold. For two bottles of wine. Actually no, I'm sorry. I read that wrong. For the liquor, it would be six gold. For the two bottles of wine, it's ten gold apiece. So 26 gold total. I don't know, do you tip here? The doors are closed on the other side of the chamber. The band brings their song to a close. A bit of a murmur takes the quiet room as the lights shift. The candles that were all that warm, yellowish orange light, suddenly, all at once, reduce to a low, red flicker. And that's where we're going to take a break. (shouting) We'll come back here in just a few minutes. We're going to take a quick break, for us and for you folks. We're having our giveaway tonight, our Wyrmwood giveaway! The fantastic dice tower set made from cherry wood right here. We got the Raven's Call cartography from our friend, Deven Rue. That's some amazing work there. It is beautiful! It's the whole magnetic set where you can assemble your dice tower, with a little dice box and that. In order to enter, you have to jump over to the Critical Role Twitch, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole and in the chatroom enter the code word "pets." P-E-T-S. One time only; more than once and you'll be disqualified. Nah. Partially because I didn't know what it was then. Enter the code there during the break and we'll come back here shortly with a winner. We'll see you guys here in a few minutes. Welcome back, everyone. We have our winner of the fantastic Wyrmwood giveaway. The person who won is fourpony. Fourpony, congratulations. Yeah, as in F-O-U-R-P-O-N-Y. Fourpony. Fore-pony is important. Congratulations, fourpony. We'll get that information and get this sent out to you ASAP. Well done! Wanted to remind you folks also as we are two minutes away from the drop of the Waterdeep Dragon Heist adventure being available within D&D Beyond. For those that aren't aware, not only is it a cool new adventure, but a lot of great people got to work on it and I had the opportunity to consult on the Dragon Heist, helping flesh out villains and factions and story elements there. It was a lot of fun to work with the team. Super proud of it, there's some fun bits in the book. I hope you guys'll enjoy. You have, as of now, one minute! 60 seconds from being able to get it. So look for it ASAP. The proper way to celebrate. All right. As you've all been sitting in your seats enjoying your small table snacks, the chamber has closed, the lights have shifted, and there is a bit of anticipation and tension in the room. As the musicians begin to slowly build up to a new type of song that begins to fill the space, you hear the gentle footfall down the stairs, curving down from the right hand side to the central staircase, the beautiful visage of the Ruby of the Sea in her dark dress, the train dangling up about six or seven steps behind her as her fingers trace the sides of the railing. She comes down, takes a breath, and begins to gently sing to the audience around you and you watch as everyone in the room begins to lean forward, entranced, the beautiful voice filling the interior of this inn. The lights seem to almost flicker and shift with her emotional intent of the song. As her voice fills the space with warmth, the light seems to brighten ever so gently with each crescendo. Even the bartenders themselves have stopped. Though they've seen performances like this hundreds of times, it's still a performance that draws attention from all across the coast and beyond. Jester, you've seen this many times as well, but it doesn't ever lose its luster. You see as all the tables themselves are quiet as she steps into the center of the room, walking from table to table, tracing the edges with her fingers, making eye contact with each of the patrons. You see that older man and the younger woman sitting at the table, both sit comfortably watching, but can't help but smile in the presence of this fantastic vocalist. You see at another table there is a rather burly looking man who is well dressed, though a bit rugged for what he's wearing, who is flanked by two dwarven bodyguards, and he's leaning in real intent on the table towards her, and as she steps by, he touches her hand, and she touches it and pulls away a bit, and gives him a wink and continues singing. He pulls back into his chair, resting. You watch as one of the other tables has these three merchants that have been there since the moment you arrived, who seem to be eagerly counting out coins and pushing them to the edge of the table to tip her. As she passes by, she glances off to one of the assistants who rushes over and scoops them off the table. She does not accept the tips herself. Nevertheless, for those of you who this is your first time here within the Lavish Chateau, this is definitely one of the most beautiful performance you've seen, and you immediately see why Jester's mother, why The Ruby of the Sea, or at least one of the many reasons that she's renowned across these lands. As she completes the piece, she ascends back up the stairs, back to her chambers, vanishing from sight. As everyone within stands up, and begins clapping and cheering. With that, the doors open to the backside of the inn. Some folks begin to saunter out, their performance that they've come to see for the evening complete. Others go back to their meal, and their drinks and their conversation. Some individuals begin to approach the bartenders and eagerly ask for, what you know to be, the availability for companionship that the Ruby has for the evening. You watch as the lights flicker and shift in a similar way that they did with the performance. Some of the patrons stop and look towards the stairs to see if she's coming back down again, and then (sigh). The heavy footfalls catch your ear as this stomping sound start making their way down the stairs. You watch as a male figure comes down in a huff. One of the men that you saw watching the performance earlier, the more muscular fellow. Getting a better look at him now, you can see he has a rough tangled, like a bowl cut, that is a bit unkempt at the shoulders. A very wide neck, and once again, he's well dressed, but his sun-weathered skin and lack of social grace and his physicality belies this weird space between how he holds himself and how he dresses. Nevertheless, he storms down the stairs, his two dwarven bodyguards leaving along with him. They end up exiting the inn. As Nadine opens the room, "Actually your mother--" and opens the door and your mom, who has taken the dress off and has currently put on a comfortable robe, turns and goes, "Jester, I have "taken no suitors this evening, so we can spend it together." "You've said you wanted me to meet your friends. I want to hear their stories and I need "to say thank you to those who've kept my little girl safe." "Of course, of course." "Well, you are welcome to stay in your room, if you like. I can definitely have rooms arranged "for all of you, if you would prefer." "Whatever you prefer, my dear." Okay. You guys head all upstairs, and eventually make your way to the third landing and the chamber's open, and there Nadine's waiting and escorts you in. Beautiful chambers, with a large canopy bed. You can see silks in the windows that have elements of gems and beads knitted into these braided cords that you can imagine during the daylight would add bits of colored speckles throughout the chamber. You see a balcony that overlooks the entirety of the wharf below and also know this to be the balcony where Jester got in trouble. But there you can see within this-- Exactly. I'm very confused by that exchange. But chairs are being brought up, more food is being brought up behind you. Two more bottles of wine have been fetched to your chamber, and there, robe placed on, most of the jewelry removed, but still fully made up and smiling as you enter, you see the beautiful, red-skinned, Ruby of the Sea. Her dark hair now tied up behind and resting down the back of her robe, with a single curl that runs in front of the face on the right side. Faintly white, yellow gold eyes. The horns that curl backwards and then shift off to the sides abruptly before curving back a little bit. It's this beautiful curl that extenuates the way her hair falls behind. It gives this wreath and a crowned look to her. This regal presentation even when she's just wearing comfortable robes. As you all enter one by one, she goes, "Please, know that "you are guests of me here within this. Call this your home for as long as you'd like to stay." "Well, you would have to eventually pay, but you are welcome to stay for a while under my name. "Please, I would like to the know the names. If you would like to introduce?" "I can see that." "Well, I can see where she speaks honestly in front of her mother as well." She puts her hand out. She pulls away, but rests just a moment on your finger tips before pulling away and smiles. "I can see you are a very strong-willed and protective man. Do you watch over Jester "in my stead?" "Good. I feel better knowing that she's safe in your care. Anyway." "Right. You mentioned that earlier. Beau, it is a pleasure." She reaches and shakes your hand. "The pleasure is mine as well." "Thank you, and thank you. You, I can sense, a bit rough in the social graces, so I am very "honored that you would come to see my performance. Is that a Zemnian accent?" "It shows that you've traveled some distance to be here. I appreciate that." "Well, you've found plenty of it here. So perhaps the fish has found a home." "Well, I was not aware this was the dress of a detective." Yes, you are. Takes a step back. "Oh!" "Don't apologize." "The world is made of all kinds." "They are the rats of the city. I have had plenty, but I thank you." "Well, I think you are very adorable. It is a pleasure to meet you, Nott." She grabs the edges of her robe and counter-curtsies halfway, while she's sitting in her chair. "And this one, this--" "Interesting." "The pleasure is mine. You've not been outside of this graveyard that my daughter speaks of?" "A man fresh to the world of vice, I presume?" "Oh, my daughter will break you of any habits of ignorance very quickly." "Good." "You carry very interesting companions." "I did not!" "That is incredible!" "Well, I am grateful that you all have kept her safe. I'm excited to hear that you've been "able to do such incredible things! Is this your friend that you mentioned before? The Traveler?" "No, but the healing." "Wow! Oh, very well! Well, that is incredible." "Well, I-- Here, let's have some drinks." The servants begin to uncork the wine and-- "To be honest? That one." She points to one of the two bottles that were brought up. As opposed to the smooth wine bottle, this has a faceted gem-type crystal design to it. The cork itself has a deep crimson ribbon that's tied around it. There's a little wax seal placed upon it. "It's a cantrip." (laughter) "I can't wait to perform them for you." "Not with me. He knows better than to go after a well-connected and mostly innocent figure. "I have been working to try and get those charges eliminated, but it is a difficult process. He is a "man who-- his pride is very important to him. So in time. But for now, perhaps just do more of what "you've been doing to not look like yourself once you leave this space." (laughs) "I mean, yes. But I would not insinuate such a dark thing." "Well, what has brought you here? I mean, I'm happy to have you, but if you are just here to "see me perform, then I--" "Right." "Not directly, but I may be able to ask around." "I would, perhaps--" She hands it back to you. "Unfortunately no, I have not come across an Evantica." "There are many captains here in the port. I apologize, but I know many." "I don't know an Ionos, either." You do recall that Ionos is a member of the Jagentoth family, up in Shadycreek Run. MARISHA and Yeah, that was the connection with who that letter was intended towards. "But continue to ask. This is a vibrant city, and there are many people that come and go. "Perhaps you could find somebody to help you out there. I will continue to ask around. I'm "being careful with my socialization these days." "Well, It's no trouble, I just--" "I've been having some problems with a client." "It's fine. He's a very intense man who relocated here from Fionen about two months ago. "A burly fellow named Algar Dyomin." "Yes. Kind of strange, interesting taste in presentation." "That is him, yes. He is very--" Dyomin. D-Y-O-M-I-N. (sighs) "He's become very possessive. He has been a client of "mine a number of times. And while his conversation was on the duller scale of individuals I've been "with, he paid well and did not seem to bring a problem. But he has become more and more "possessive, and only in this past week, I've been hearing of him threatening and telling other clients "of mine to back away. I do not enjoy people threatening my clientele or my business. I have "twice now explained to him precisely the nature of our arrangement and relationship. That does not "seem to be enough for him. Now, the zolezzo of the chateau are my guardians, and they're very good "about keeping watch. I have my friends in the Archways, but the more I look into it, I believe "Algar works directly for the Concord within the city, so he is with his own powerful allies as well." "This is my first time dealing with scenarios like this, but I'd prefer to avoid any "sort of direct confrontation, by any means necessary, any bloodshed within the Chateau." (sighs) (laughs) "I appreciate your cleverness, little Nott. However, rumors travel quickly?" "For some of them, perhaps." "He has not broken the law. His friends in some places enforce the law. That is where "my conundrum lies." "Honestly, I'm not certain what kind of work he does, though he often brags about his "importance, as men are wont to do. He does seem rather wealthy, and he bears enough respect. "Perhaps the Wharfmaster may know more." "That would be helpful. Though, I don't mean to brag, but good luck." "Be careful how you dance around that." "Very much. The old woman of the lighthouse has been here for some time. Could ask her, perhaps." "Yes." "Yes, the keeper of it. The Lightkeeper." "Gladys, I think?" "No, they only meet here. It needs to be on my terms, it needs to be in my realm of safety." "No. He's also been braggadocious, but not forthcoming with personal information either, "which is unfortunately, a sign of, perhaps, dubious and/or dangerous business? He's told me "twice he wishes to one day show me his secret, his great servant beneath the city, but--" "I don't believe he's done anything that would warrant anything too disastrous, but if he can be "ensured that his presence is not welcome and agrees that is the case, that would be optimal." "There are many. There is The Skew, which is where most of the riffraff and common folk live, "but if you're looking for more social environs, all across the Restless Wharf. There is the Open Quay. "Those two places, a lot of curious folk wander and celebrate. Fisticuff. It is not uncommon "to find bodies in alleys." Dyomin. Algar. A-L-G-A-R. "Please, I do not mean to impose my responsib--" "Of course. I'm sorry it took a little longer than anticipated." "As far as I know, there is but one person there. I have not met them directly, only heard of them." Gladys. "She is a bit older in human years, so be respectful, I guess." "I don't know. I don't know what her interests are, but perhaps if you could find out, "or at least not make her extremely angry." "I do not require compensation, but if it makes you feel better about it, certainly. You're "quite the gentleman." "Yes, I know of him." "Well, I know of a man of you describe, of blueish skin and quite sweaty. Yes, he has come "through before." "He was very nice. He was very dashing." "I told you about him before." SAM and "I don't know of the name 'The Gentleman,' but--" "Tell me more of this Gentleman, please." "Well dressed, smooth voice, little patch of dark hair on the chest right there?" That's a very different place. Yes, The Evening Nip is the name of that one. "I don't know about anything in that regard, but he wasn't named The Gentleman when I met him." She smirks a bit and says, "Oh, honey." "We had a bit of a romance years ago." "I told you about Babenon." SAM, MARISHA, and "Babenon Dosal." B-A-B. B-A-B-E-N-O-N. Bob Loblaw's Law Blog. "You say he's in Zadash now?" "That's what he told me." Marion seems both present and not. She's trying to process all of this. She reaches over and goes to her counter and begins drawing. She's not anywhere as good an artist as her daughter. Well, yeah! If you're going to draw a picture, I'm going to draw one real fast too. Not at this speed I'm not, no, I'm not. She's not a good artist either, so she's like-- You can make a connection. "I am so confused by this, but you've talked to him, you've seen him, you know where he is?" "I can't leave." Okay, what do you say? Okay, so the spell sends. No response. It's late evening. It's probably close to midnight by now. Oh my god. Of course it does. There is a palpable pause of nothing. And then he responds, "No, that's preposterous." "Maybe it is." "I know a lot of people use the word 'preposterous.' It's a fairly standard word." "I'm sorry. Maybe I just got a bit excited. My apologies." "Said he had to leave and take care of some business on the sea. I never saw him again." "You're not wrong. But though he may be gone, he left me with the greatest gift I've ever "had, so--" She runs her hands through your hair once more. "For that, I'm thankful." "Love is a funny thing. There's still a part of my heart that will always be his. But it's been "decades. You move on." That could mean literally two decades. "Regardless." You can see she's flushed in her face. "I will have rooms arranged. I will send the servants to get it taken care of. You will have "the finest suites at the inn for the better part of this week, and longer if need be. Just let me "know." You can see she's a bit shaken by everything, but trying to put on the facade that she's good. "Anyway, it is a pleasure. Thank you for the companionship, for the words, for the "stories, and for bringing me my little sapphire. I should probably sleep. Good night." "Thank you, thank you. If you need anything-- to be shown, taught-- I have friends "who can help you." "Well--" "I don't really go out to the bookstores. I have books brought to me, but you may look around. "There are a handful, I'm certain." "Good night." And she pours her glass full, holds it, and "Sleep well." And she kisses you on the forehead. "Good night, Jester." Closes the door. I don't think she seems okay. Well, that'd be more of a question for her. Your rooms are arranged for you. They're Pillow Trove-level presentation. The interior is warm and the beds are ostentatious. Yeah. From what you guys are used to sleeping in, you almost don't know what to do with it once you lie in bed. It's almost too comfortable. Roughly, yeah. Queen to king. You all managed to find yourself some rest for the evening, some more tense than others. Some setting up invisible threads. The morning comes. With the light of the sunrise, you open your windows and look out over the ocean and the city below. You can smell the salty air. The marine layer has brought in a familiar gray sky to those of you who grew up to the more northern regions of Wildemount. You can still hear the distant calls and caws of the flying seagulls and ocean birds. You can see some of the higher buildings and towers with their little perched clusters. You watch as a few dive down into the merchant districts of the city and some distant echoing yells as they shoot back up with a caught fish that was supposed to be sold. The ships are already out and starting their day. You can see maybe 20 or so that are out in the main harbor and scattering further to find their specific areas to begin throwing their nets into the water. The morning is yours. Actually the palace-like center here-- The Marquis is the head of the local chapter of the Concord that looks over Nicodranas. The Concord itself is a loose union between all the cities in the Menagerie Coast. There's a margrave in each city that is the head of the city but then works with the other margraves to interface and make sure everything's good, bad, and business is well. That would be the center of Concord influence here. Okay. Heading to the Wharfmaster is Fjord and Beau? All right, Steven. So you-- Okay. Doesn't work. The two of you make your way back to the Restless Wharf. You're searching for the Wharfmaster, specifically? Make an investigation check. And since Beau's helping you you can do advantage on that one. Okay. Beau, have you retrieved the Professor, or have you left it with the inn? Okay. You spend the better part of two hours or so wandering up and down the wharf, asking questions, before you eventually have somebody point you over. "If you looking for the "Wharfmaster, he's at the Wharf Load right there," and points over one of the larger center parts of the dock that jettisons out into the harbor a good hundred or so feet. There is a central dock house that is one of the buildings you saw when you first entered, where you saw a lot of the business was bustling around, although it is not as busy as it was at dusk when you first entered the city. But as you approach the building, you open the front door and someone is pushing past you. There are a handful of Zolezzo looking around, but it looks like entering the Wharf Load isn't a notably guarded experience. So as you enter, there is one Zolezzo across the way that is sitting in a chair and looking out and chewing on some sort of rough tobacco-like leaf in their jaw. Across the way, you can see a couple of folks-- humans-- in the process of filing out big leather books, ledgers, and receipt books of various people traveling through. And you see in the back over a table with a bunch of papers rolled out, either charting maps or large assembled lists of previous excursions. You see a male dwarf, probably middle to older age, red hair that tends to eventually expire into a deep gray at the end of this really curly matted beard. You see big, gold, thick earrings that hoop from each earlobe-- the weight of this heavy, thick lobe has dragged the ears to stretch a bit past the face. The hairline comes in a deep widow's peak, that recedes almost back to the top of the head before coming in, and there you can see, in a similar tangled tuft, the rest of his hair that coasts past his shoulders before it exerts into a strange puff. He is wearing a simple leather tunic over a work uniform, but three or four fairly expensive necklaces or amulets that clatter around as he moves. You get the sense of his placement by the other individuals going up and asking him questions, he's probably the Wharfmaster. He looks busy, and there is a counter that prevents you from traveling in without going around it. As you begin to make your way around the counter, one of the individuals up there puts his hand out. "Whoa, whoa, whoa! Can I help you?" "I'll see what I can do." He takes the coins and pockets them, and walks behind and begins whispering. The dwarf puts his hand up for a second and finishes making a couple measurements and then, "Huh. All right." He jumps off his small stool and comes over with heavy footsteps across the wooden, creaking floor now extending over the wharf. He approaches the edge of the counter across from you and goes, "Right, so you've summoned me to you. What can I do to help you?" Make a deception check. Did you have advantage on that? What was your first roll? I don't know, just double checking. He looks at you and goes, "Hold on a second." You see his gears turning and he goes through a couple books. "Unfortunately, by the records "records we have here, Vandren and his ship was lost at sea months ago." "I apologize." "Yes, he comes and goes rather commonly, yes." "I honestly don't know where he lives. But I know where he works." "All right, he works in the Sluice Weave." "The Sluice Weave." S-L-U-I-C-E. Sluice Weave. Sloose Sweef! There you go. "If you are looking to sell, you are welcome to go to either Meandering Treasures, here in the "Restless Wharf. They tend to pay, maybe not top change, but quickly. As far as Dezima does his business, usually." "Dezima. He is the proprietor of the Meandering Treasures." "We have--" and he looks back to one of his sheets of paper and pulls it out for a second and looks at it. "We currently have eight dock spaces not spoken for that are available for rent, if "that is your interest. Depending on the size of the vessel, of course." "No, we've just had a lot of ships leave recently. There is a lot of movement in and out." Make a persuasion check. He's like, "I've seen him around. He's a dubious sort of prick." "Fuck if I know, to be honest. He takes up space. He's done some work at the docks here and "there, but he rubs me the wrong way. Probably find him drinking at any of the dives." "If not drowned already." "There were some strange cats that came in last night off the docks, yes." He starts giving you a curious look. "You're asking a lot of questions for a person I've just met." "Of course. Let me give you a very prestigious piece of advice, I think that will "help you in your business dealings here Don't ask so many questions." "Good day." Then he turns back and clomps back over to his table and is working, but keeps looking up expectantly waiting for you to leave. And kind of like-- So what are you guys doing? At this point in time, I'd say it's probably a little past noon since the morning. Okay. So you guys heading there to meet with the rest of the crew, right? The rest of you folks, you You walk over to the door. It is a standard, thick, dark wooden door with a small slot to look through that is currently closed. You wait about a minute and there's no response. The louder one seems to echo a bit, and after another minute or so of waiting, you hear this faint creaking sound. It gets louder and louder until eventually, the small door opens and you see this really shriveled woman's face. These beady, little, dark eyes peeking through and goes, "Can I help you?" "I am." Make a persuasion check. With advantage. She peeks in and looks at you. "And may the grace of Melora bring us to talk," and it closes and you hear (locks clicking). It creaks open, and for as high as the slip was, the woman's head's about two feet lower than where it was. There's a stepping stool that's attached to the back of the door as it opens up slightly, and she escorts you in slightly and the woman you see-- If you can imagine a more burly, after working physically every day, Estelle Getty. A little wider. She has no sleeves on this long working dress and leather apron or uniform that she wears. Her arms, while the skin itself is sagging and wrinkled, there are some guns on this old woman. Her hair is a tuft of tightly curled white hair. No glasses, just the beady, little, dark eyes. Where she smiles, the wrinkles cause this butterfly effect across the rest of her face. Human, yes. "So you invoked the Mother. I assume you are also a follower of hers?" "I cannot say that I have, my apologies." "Well, I'm happy that she could be a beacon to you as she's been to so many who have "passed through Nicodranas." "Perhaps her guidance is going to be very useful to you in seeking out a way to cleanse this temple you speak of." "I cannot guarantee entry to the top at least--" and peeks around behind to the rest of you. SAM and "Hello." "No." "I don't know if I can be of much help to you. I am but a simple mistress of the tower, but--" "I can tell you of its history. Come in." "Sure." Yep. Kept trying to find the right audio file, and now this kept coming up real busy! It's a really busy wharf, guys. Anyway. Fuck me for trying to add atmosphere, right? I know. It's all good. As she lets you all in with a bit of a grimace, she goes, "All right. This is the lighthouse." "It is of the Mother. Melora looks over those ships at sea. Keeps them safe." "Probably. But the lighthouse mainly helps the sea." "More or less." "I have been here for the entirety of my life, for now 86 years in Nicodranas." "Yes. That's how I've gotten to this age and still as spry as ever." Starts walking up the first set of stairs. "Come! You should see the view." Every time you do, it just adds more hit points. (laughter) "So here in this tower, the Lady looks over us. Those who wish to have her guidance to prevent "dangerous storms at sea or the draw of the tide to bring them to the depths, are wise to leave for "her some gift before they traverse on their journey. You will see here is the viewing window. "'Tis not for sleeping, and it is not the Mother's boob." You glance up, and you can see now there is a window that's set right about where the clavicle is. It's a beautiful view of the entire harbor, especially this time of day when the sun's at its peak. You see this beautiful set of ships out there and fishing vessels and galleons and a handful of different designs to each, different make from all over the world. There's one that appears to be of Marquesian make. You can even see through the very clear ocean waters here, you can see shapes far below the waves from this view as well. You can see elements of a reef in the distance. You can see a few broken and long silt-covered remnants of ships that had sunk in this harbor from long ago. It's breathtaking in a way you weren't expecting. "You can keep gawking, "if that is your preference, but the lighthouse is up top. Follow me." To the top floor, you have the view of everything around you, not just that front view of the harbor, but this beautiful image of the ocean and the shoreline and the fields and rolling hills that surround Nicodranas, of the Cyrios Mountains to the north, and then far to the east you can see the jungles that then vanish up the sides of the Ashkeeper Peaks. It's a tremendous view, and then the entire city below. It's, once again, increasingly breathtaking from the one you previously had. "This is my home." "Damn right. You should keep up, do more cardio." "No, not really." "Kind of prickly." LAURA and "No, seriously. If your friend with the pink hair wasn't here, I wasn't going to let you in." Now that you've focused on this, there are no windows to the lighthouse. There's a metal structure that holds up the top, this faint 15-by-15 foot dome that marks the ceiling of it. Each of these openings between these metal rods that holds that up are where the light protrudes. You can see now the marine layer starting to burn away in the midday and most of the fog is receded towards the horizon, the blue sky having returned-- you see this rough-cut, quartz-like crystal that's about three and a half, four feet in diameter, that's set in the center of this top floor. "It is my responsibility to invoke the Mother's blessing of the stone and each day, have "its light guide the ships back to safe shore." "I can sense. Even looking upon you, I can smell decay." "That is very astute of you. It was at a time when their temperaments were less in conflict. "They two, the union, blessed upon this shore the gifts of stone that then built this tower." "Well, I can maybe help with one and probably laugh at the other. So choose carefully." "Cute." "I've seen this man around in the streets below." "No, I don't really talk to people, I look at them below." She points over to the edge and there's actually a spyglass leaning against the edge She goes, "I see a lot "that goes on in this city." "No. But I know there are things beneath it." "There are a couple of places, I believe." "I do not know where he lives." Make a persuasion check with disadvantage. As you instinctually reach for the spyglass, she slaps your hand. "No." "Because it is my eye in the sky, not yours. Insolent child." "Depending. When he disappears to do most of his work beneath in the Sluice-- something. "There are two submerged gates in the harbor." "The Sluice Weave, yes." Not that you'd know that, technically. It's fine, it's all good. I know. You're done! Caleb is murdered. No. Metagaming seagull. (laughter) (sighs) "The harbor has protectors, and has for many generations, that exist beneath the "waters in this city. That is part of how the Sluice functions. I believe this Algar person you "mentioned works in some sort of managerial position there." "Probably need some sort of a small boat or something. But if you're going to go there and you "don't have approval, you'll probably be arrested." "Are you a goblin?" "Yes." "And you're working with these people?" "She's pretty hideous." "Look, it's okay. It is something we have in common." "What, do you think I've lived alone here my whole live because I'm a spinster?" (scoffs) "It's okay." "I think I could too." "Please. They're beginning to grate on me." (laughs) (sniffs) "What is this?" "This is a very kind gesture, very thoughtful." "You as well. All right, now get out!" Sets it down on a little side table, and quickly pushes you back towards the stairs. Yeah, above you. What are you trying to do? Make a stealth check. You got to do that beforehand. As you're heading down the stairs, you jump off to the side in that small alcove where the window is. And then a second one of you appears. She begins to walk past you, then stops and turns right and looks right at you and goes, "Are you going to join your friend of you?" (laughter) "Good. Go!" As she pushes you all, she's not answering any more questions. She's like, "Out, out, out, "out. You, both of you." Her hands pass through your duplicitous image. She goes, "That's strange. "Okay, out. Thank you for the tea, goodbye, goodbye, goodbye." (door slamming) (locks clicking) Beauregard, what's your passive perception? 13? Oh, they're down here, actually. Okay, good to know. All right, you guys eventually meet up. You guys have been outside probably about three hours or so, total. Of travel and asking and getting questions, I'd say two and a half. Yeah. You guys eventually gather in the center of the Open Quay. This is the western side of the docks on the city. Whereas the Restless Wharf seems to be a really busy dockyard that runs a very tight ship, and seems to be filled with elements of cheap entertainment and in that vein, the Open Quay, it's a little a little bit smaller. It seems to be less organized. But in the center of it is this one massive tower that looms over the entire district of this side of the docks. It's an emerald stone-- dark green with elements of light green flecked through it-- spire that seems very out of place amongst the rest of the storage buildings, and the various other small homesteads and businesses that fill this entire area. It seems to be dotted with a number of small balconies, and comes to a slight roofed peak that is like a sharpened point. It's very out of place here. You've passed by it a couple times before, but you haven't really inquired much about it, as most of your business here had been on the job, so you've not really cared to ask or question. Sure, you grab an older fisherman, thinning hair, very sun-weathered face, is carrying a small sack over his shoulder, various supplies and coiled rope over the other shoulder as he's heading off towards the docks. Stops and turns. "Can I help you?" "That's Tide Peak. That's the tower of Yussa Errennis, the mage who owns this district." "Yes. To the chagrin of the Clovis Concord, yes." "You could say that. I need to get to work." Yussa, Y-U-S-S-A. Errenis, E-R-R-E-N-I-S. There are Zolezzo around the area. They're still keeping the peace here, but there are no Zolezzo guarding the tower. Yeah, a few hundred feet, I would say, from the tower. Yeah. Okay. You approach it. The district distinctly around this tower, the road is very wide surrounding it. No buildings are buttressed against it. It seems to be solitary amongst the rest of the constructed buildings here. The folks that are walking in the streets nearby tend to walk on the opposite side of the road. Nope. It's just ground. It's built in the center of this district, and everything's either built or shaped around it. Make an investigation check. You get up to the tower and begin to inspect its build. All the stones here look freshly cut. Not a lot of wear and tear, weathering to them. It's hard to tell how long it's been here. It seems like it could've been installed last week, or 25, 30 years ago. About ten feet before you began to really make that assessment. You go and touch it. It's cold stone. Not yet. Yeah, it's a tower spire, but the base of it is probably somewhere between 80 to 100 feet in diameter. Okay. You guys run around, meet on the other side. No entrance. No windows. There are the balconies, but the first balcony is maybe 25 feet up. Yeah, they're sporadically cast around it. At its peak, it's probably about 450 feet tall. Yeah, it's this long spire. No, and to help the visual thing, I said 100 feet wide diameter. That's a bit wide for what I was originally thinking. It's about maybe 60 feet. That's your estimation from this fore point. Make an acrobatics check. You have advantage because he's helping you. You run, leap. Fjord catches your foot and gives you the meager, not very strong lift, but something to help. Your first foot hits the wall, the second one hits, and you get a moment of traction. Before you (slipping). You only get maybe 12, 13 feet off the ground before you (impact). Fjord steps back and you (whack). Thankfully, you have slow fall as a monk ability. You would take six points of bludgeoning damage from the fall. Yeah, monks can fall from very high and three-point landing and be fine. You still hit your tailbone and it still stings a little, but you don't take any damage. You guys round the corner, and you watch Beau suddenly slam into the ground near the central tower. You don't really know. Well, the Quay is the district. You're in the district right now. Yeah, it's a heavily residential district for the more affordable and cheaper residents. No. The Meandering Treasurer is a shop. Make an investigation check. If you're looking around the Open Quay, there are a few people that point you towards The Withered Bird Inn, which is an inn and tavern, and you've probably passed by it before once the direction is pointed out, you're like, "Yeah, no I've been there, it's a little dive-y but it's popular "amongst the sailors and folks that come through." If you're looking for something in the Restless Wharf, the only place that really comes to your attention that's told is The Wayfarer's Cove. More birds must die! It's maybe 30 minutes away. You make your way out of the Open Quay towards the Restless Wharf district once more. Fjord. You keep looking over your shoulder, your interest towards the Tide Peak tower. It's interesting the further away from it you get, the shorter it looks, and you begin to understand how you didn't notice a 400-foot tower when you first entered the city or one you've been around before, and you've been to this city before. It seems the further away you walk, the tower seems to visually shrink within the city skyline. It's still visible as a tower, and it's still taller than most of the buildings, but as soon as you guys get quite a ways away, you're like, "That can't be more than "maybe 150 feet tall." No. It vanishes, and then you hear (poof) and you look over your shoulder. One of the small tables on the side of one of the various warehouses that contained a bucket that had a bunch of tools and various repair materials for ships has been knocked over, and the puppy's tumbling out of it. Runs up to you and jumps back into your arms. That's basically what he is. Puppies are useless at this age, man. Finishing the rest of your jaunt here as Fjord is making equations in the air in front of him, you eventually make your way, by asking a few more questions, towards the Wayfarer's Cove. As you approach this dark looking dive, that is probably furthest of all the other bars or taverns you've seen here out towards the docks itself. The super dark wood that it's constructed of makes it look almost like a blighted barnacle on the rest of this wharf area. As you approach the exterior, you can see a large piece of driftwood that probably belonged to a ship long before that had either fallen in the ocean or, after its final voyage, was pulled apart and then elements of it were used to either build or embellish on the structure. It looks like the kind of bar that was salvaged, or was built from salvage. As you step through the entry way, the door's open, slightly ajar, you pull it open. The interior has no music, there is just whispers and conversation. The smell hits you immediately, the smell is a combination of mossy musk from wood that has been soaked with seawater and then left to dry hundreds of times over, as well as the various forms of liquor and ale that have been spilled and left to stain the wood where it lies, and a lot unwashed sailor scent. Yeah, the odor in here is not pleasant, definitely that of the working man or woman who comes in from the sea. Glancing inside, there is a bar to the immediate left, where there is a rather crotchety looking fellow, half-elf, who is heavily scarred on one side of his face. A bit heavy set for a half-elf. For the elven lineage, it's rare to see someone who has not displayed the more lithe side of the blood line, but this elf has either worked hard to fight that side of their bloodline, and has a bit of a paunch and a bit of a soft chin and jawline. He looks over to you and nods. He goes, "Let me know if you need a drink, or something." Spits off to the side. Looking inside, glancing about the small number of patrons here, there's only five of them at the bar this time of day. You see one really old, salty looking sailor who has this heavy cap pulled down over his ears to the point where he has these bushy white eyebrows that poof underneath where the fold of it brims upward, and has this big puffed chinstrap beard around the side. His lips are pressed up to where you can tell he probably has no teeth, so his jaw can press all the way up towards the roof of his mouth, and he's sitting there with a large, dark green bottle of some sort of beer or ale and is just staring forward, chewing quietly. Off to the right hand side you see, for some of you the first time, what looks to be a very, very large humanoid turtle. You see them sitting on a bench. You've seen a few tortles in your travels, but they don't normally travel northward into the Empire. This one is sitting there, hunched over a table by themself with a heavy tankard that they're clutching with both of their hands. You see bits of rope that are tied across in a lattice over elements of the shell, and on the right side of the shell, you see emerging three pipes or horns of some kind that are either carved or embedded on the right side of the shell. It looks like three exhaust pipes, if you will, but they're made from some sort of ivory-type material. They look chipped a little bit, and worn. As it turns back, its extended head and a snapjaw type nose, curves back and you see an eye patch over the right eye, and just grins. You see these series of tattoos up each arm that look like swirling water, that curl into themselves and end right at the forearm. It goes back to its drink and sips a bit from it. You see another patron in the far back is a woman with weathered, dark-brown skin. The hair itself is this tattered wild mass of curled and crimped hair that's graying heavily towards the tips. She has a long, light brown coat made of leather-like material that probably hangs down to the floor from where she's sitting, and where her calf-high boots are visible from under the side. She's sitting across from somebody who's dressed as a ready-to-action shipmate. They have a basic billowing shirt that is opened down to the mid chest. They have a ruddier complexion, probably sunburned over and over again to the point where now it just looks like they're perpetually sunburned. He looks younger, probably in his 20s, the woman looks maybe in her mid to late 40s or so. Both human, and they both glance over as you enter the dark interior, contrasted by the very bright light that silhouettes your figures as you step within The Wayfarer's Cove. And that's where we're going to pick up next week. It's a weird place! She had dark, kind of caught crazy hair that-- It goes gray about halfway down and goes to a gray-white at the tips. It's this mane of hair. We'll pick up in the next week. In the meantime, we missed you guys! Happy to be back in the game. Even one week off, it was jonesing. That was a later game reveal that the right questions brought forward as a possibility. But yes, thank you again to our fantastic sponsors, the wonderful folks at The Rook and the Raven and their awesome Kickstarter, go check it out! And D&D Beyond which, now and have been for a while, available you can get their Dragon Heist downloaded on your D&D Beyond info. It's a very classic radio reporter type voice!