Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons! Before we get into it for tonight's game, we're going to go through some quick announcements, so be patient with this. First and foremost, returning for tonight, our fantastic sponsor for campaign two thus far our friends at D&D Beyond. Sam? I'm so happy. I'm so proud of you. You did it, Sam. I wasn't pained, I was more contemplating the fact that those two facets have never combined until this point probably. (surfer voice) Probably haven't heard anyone talk about Otiluke's Resilient Sphere. (normal voice) I like the prospect of a super Big Sur surf tour of D&D wizard names. "Would you like your pasta with Saruman the White sauce?" Thank you, Sam, and thank you, D&D Beyond, for being our amazing sponsor. And congratulations on your booking. First up, Vox Machina Origins the hardcover collection, the actual physical tome of our first six-run comic series will be on sale next week on May 31st! It does. Let me see real fast. It's got some fun stuff and it's got some extra specials in the back. I'm going to flip it real fast. We've got a map of Stilben. Ooh! It's gone now. We've got character traits and actions. We've got magical items! We've got sketches and various art pieces that show the process of development. There you go. It's got a whole bunch of cool extras in the back. Anyway, that's available next week, May 31st. For all info of the sale of the comic, check out critrole.com. We have it all up there as of right now. Awesome! It came back, we couldn't leave it alone. Stream of Many Eyes is coming up not this weekend, but next weekend. Friday through Sunday, June 1st through the 3rd with our friends at D&D Wizards of the Coast. They're going to be running a long series of games as they unveil their next upcoming D&D storyline and a bunch of us are going to be there! You go to dnd.wizards.com/some, Stream of Many Eyes, for all the info and tickets for the event. We'll be there, we look forward to seeing you on the internet or otherwise. Reminder, if you have an Amazon Prime Account you can combine it to your Twitch account and have Twitch Prime which allows you to subscribe for free to one Twitch account per month. If you haven't reupped, you should do so. Talks Machina is every Tuesday night at 700PM Pacific, where our fantastic Brian W. Foster hosts a little chat about whatever happens about tonight's episode, for next week. That was-- yeah. There you go. We have the Critical Role Live dice set in the store, as well as the Vox Machina d20 set is back in stock for a limited time. It's on the list here. If it's not, I'm sorry. I only read what's handed to me. I feel like Ron Burgundy. I will be at A-Kon in Texas, Dallas/Fort Worth, June 7th to the 10th. Looking forward to see you guys there. Actually probably the 8th to 10th for me because we have Thursday night that night, but I'll see you there. I believe those are all of our announcements for the evening which means, it's time to bring us back into Exandria for tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] No. No, that didn't happen. As you come to, the cold morning greets you, the low mist and fog seem to still clutch the outer edges of the forest trees beyond your peripheral. You can just see the dark shapes of the trunks against the obscured gray. The mist and dew that is gathered on the grass and bits of vegetation near the base of the floor where you've slept has turned to frost with the cold night. Most of you managed to complete your rest uncomfortably, but awake to chattering teeth and the shaking of your body. Except for Jester. The morning is yours. What do you wish to do? Okay. You are very drunk. It's still filled with liquid. I mean, you drank a lot, and it still feels like half-full. Eventually, yes. In a very Ren and Stimpy fashion, Jester begins jamming this stick into Nott's gullet, before the brackish brown whiskey comes back up in a mild spray against the nearby, now damp, dirt and grass. It would be. If you move quickly, you can probably get there right around sunset. It's "not carefully and quietly" quickly. Molly up front keeping the horses on task, you guys pick up the pace and get back out of the forest main cluster and onto the Bromkiln Byway heading north-northeast once more. Are you moving at the slowest pace? (singing) I drive the cart at a medium pace. Pressing forward, what two are maintaining a watch as you progress? LAURA and One of you is aiding the other. Who is helming the roll? It's like Muad'Dib riding the sandworm, standing up. For the first half of the day, you continue along the path. It gets rough in places, and at one point one of the wheels slams into a rock. You have to double check and make sure it didn't take any damage. It seems to be okay. For the first half of the day, nothing catches your eye in particular. The mist has burned off at this point, and a bit of sunlight is breaking through the clouds. It seems the storm from the evening before has passed. You can see now over the mostly gray cloud cover, there are breaks in it, from this distance you can see these visible beams of sunlight slowly coasting across the grass fields as you see the heavy, high grass pushing and pulling with each burst of breeze that makes its way across the valley. It's very beautiful here in the center of the Empire. It's a very relaxing ride, though you know you're book-ending your travel with tension to stress, so you're taking this moment to appreciate what it is the Empire protects and what the people within are fighting for in the coming conflict. Second half if the day, same people on watch? MARISHA and It's true, give those ankles a rest. Who's helming the roll? You're aiding Beau. Roll with advantage. MARISHA and 17, all right. Continuing your pace, Beau as you're watching out, from a north-northwestern direction, you see a dark shape come over one of the hilltops, wide and encompassing. It seems to be. A number of miles out of the way, almost on the horizon, you can see this series of rolling hills in that direction that obscure what lies beyond that area. You watch as one of the hills goes dark on top, like the coloration gets covered in shade. There are clouds in the sky, especially at this time of year, it's generally pretty cloudy here in the Empire. You've seen breaks in the clouds as you've traveled for most of the day, it's been warmer than usual, so it's been a welcome change of pace from what you're used to, but this is not characteristic of cloud cover, as most everything here has some level of shade. There are bits of trees and clusters of them, nothing that would be considered a major forest. What you slept in the night before has probably been the largest cluster you've seen in your travel today so far. This catches you. Correct. Best you can tell at this distance. You both look out there and as you travel for the next ten minutes or so, you can see faint glimmers in that moving shadow as a bit of sunlight travels over it. It's at that moment you realize what this is. It's a legion. What was a dark shadow appears to be hundreds and hundreds of soldiers, an army regiment that is shifting from the northwestern side of the Empire to cross over the byway, heading east. As you continue your pace forward, you get to a point where you may intersect with their path if you continue, or you can slow down or speed up. It's your choice. With that (galloping) the horses begin to pick up pace. You all grab the sides of the cart as it begins to whir and kick its way across the street. The horses galloping, framing the two different sides of the cart as you pick up speed. You come up over one of the hills and then down another embankment. As you curve around the side, there's a part where the grass has overgrown a large majority of the road here, but you coast through the center. Make a general animal handling check if you don't mind, Molly. Okay. As you hit that portion of the road, you're having a hard time steering the horses, you're not entirely familiar enough to pull on the rein of multiple at a single time to get the shift and movement. They begin to careen a little bit off of the path, almost trying to hide into the grass embankment which slows your movement down ever so slightly, before (impact) one of the wheels suddenly (impact and scraping). It is now digging into the ground. The cart is now sitting at a backward angle and it's slowing down. It's grinding to a halt. Okay, make an investigation check. You go and check. It looks like some sort of heavy rock that was hidden and obscured in the grass, just off the road, had slammed into both wheels on the left side. The front one had bent, the wood splintered inward and the metallic rim on the inside had bent inward. The other one had completely been pushed inward and knocked at the angle, it's pretty wrecked. Do any of you guys have tools to fix a wagon? What toolkits would you have at your disposal? Your background may have abilities that could help you in this scenario as well. Things that are helpful carpenter's tools, possibly. That's kind of rough. Anybody? No. As you guys are having this conversation, the regiment is coming up over a nearer hill and it's about half a mile off from you now. As it's marching, you can hear the distant rustling of hundreds and hundreds of footfalls making their way through the field. It looks like they're going to be probably passing in front of you. You rolled a 15? There is no natural paths here, it's an open field. There are areas where the grass isn't quite as dense, and there are some spots where some of the dirt isn't as receptive to grass. You find patches of dry ground, but there are no paths that you notice leading out of this space, unfortunately. You do. What's the space on Mending? As you focus on the front wheel, the one that had just dented inward and the wood splintered a bit, that was barely keeping it up, the wheel rights itself. The metal bends back into place, the wood splinters kick right in, the spokes are as if they were untouched. Yeah, one was partially damaged, the other one was pretty wrecked. The other wheel, unfortunately, has taken a fair amount of damage from the impact, and the lower half of it has broken inward, it's splintered out and it's bent its way off of the axle. Unfortunately, it's a bit too big for the Mending cantrip to fix. It's pretty wrecked. You do have three wheels, which means you could try it. Yasha curls up around the axle. You probably have about ten minutes before they cross over the byway. Beauregard, Caleb, Molly and Jester, you guys notice, breaking away from the regiment above, you see a cluster of horses heading in your direction. You are out in the open. Okay. (horse galloping) It's high grass. The grass off the road where you guys are standing right now is, for you, almost shoulder-high. Stealth check. No, you've been traveling for half a day since you left, so you've pretty much sobered up. Five horses have now galloped up and slow to a trot as they come up alongside, loosely circling the side of your cart, in the direction of where the legion is. They approach; they are all dressed in Righteous Brand full armor, helmets on, blades or bows slung across the shoulders. One of them approaches, "Hail!" LAURA, TALIESIN, and "Apologies. We're going to be crossing the road here shortly. We may require your patience "and shifting--" "Of course. Just of curiosity, where are you headed?" "Labenda? I wouldn't wish it upon my worst foe. Well, good luck. I am Captain Maximilian from "Druvenlode." Through the helmet, you see a well-trimmed bit of chin facial hair, short, comes from under the lip. No mustache, but you can't see if it continues to the rest of his face. Druvenlode. Druvenlode. I'm going to do a little hashmark every time. At the end of the campaign, you look at my side of the Wyrmwood table and it's all these horrible marks carved into the wood. "Well, it seems that the forces of the Empire are heading east to keep the rest of you "safe. Let me see what we can do." TALIESIN and He turns the horse around and begins to head on back, three follow him while two stay in the area. Not close to you, but holding down the fort, keeping an eye on the road and look behind. They both do. You very well may. Make a sleight of hand check. None of you see this, especially not him or his horse. Horses notice things. The saddlebag flips open gingerly, then reaches in and a small pouch, relatively heavy, slips out and makes its way over to you and into your grasp. You do. It is filled with dry oats and corn. The captain has ridden off, so one of the two other people that are there-- you now look within the armor. One is male and one is female, and the female soldier turns to you. She has a tense stare and a broad-shouldered look as she turns in your direction. "I've never been, but I "hear it's pretty shitty." "From what I've heard, at the very least, it's not very comfortable, but people seem to "like it and live there still. It's one of the older provinces in the empire, that I know. Not "for me." "That's not really a question, unfortunately. In times of war, we go where we're "needed. We're needed to the east so that you don't have to go and wade into the battlefield "yourselves." "This will be my eighth circle." "I've not, I'm both terrified and eager. You know, you daydream of glory and then, who knows "once you get there. But I get the sense that you've seen your fair share of battle in your day, "right?" Looks right towards Yasha, this hulking woman with a giant two-handed greatsword on her back. At this point, another series of clomping catches up to you, and you can see the captain's returned with two men who are in similar colors as the Righteous Brand regiment, but not in armor. They carry large packs on their side, and you can hear the jangling of metal implements inside. One of them has pieces of wood, some strips. They get off the horse, and at this the captain goes, "Right, "there's the cart. Do your business. We're going to do our best to help you get back to the road, friends." MARISHA and "Of course." The two gentlemen go over and start giving each other commands. "Lift up "there." One of them pulls it up. "By all means, if you have the-- right, then." Jester's now holding the whole cart up by herself. They get down, pull the wheel off and begin to bend it back into place. One of them goes through a small pack of various pieces of wood, some that appear to have been soaked and are somewhat pliable. Ends up replacing the broken wood, nailing it in place. Just to be safe, they take some rope and tie it over the wheel very taut to try and hold the bent wood. "This should get you at "least to town. I can't guarantee it will last you for a long journey, but I recommend a replacement "once you get there." "Of course. Come on." They get back on their horses and they ride back. At this point, the regiment has now crossed over the road, and you can now see hundreds of soldiers going across the Byway. The captain gives a nod, puts his helmet back on. "Well, I wish you all luck. Stay safe and "I hope that if luck is kind to us, we'll cross paths again." They turn around and they make their way back up to the rest of the army. About 25 minutes or so it takes for the group of soldiers to finally cross over the path. Yeah, it wasn't a huge army, per se. Not as big as the one you saw leaving Zadash. In total, it might have been, maybe, 1000 soldiers. Now that the way is opened, your cart seems to have been temporarily repaired. You make your way your way back onto the road and continue your heading north. Sure, I'll say for the purposes of this, make a wisdom check. There you go. Because you were so close, you were able to see all of the points in which they attempted to repair the wheel and now that they've closed the gap on what is currently cracked and on the verge of collapsing if this fix wasn't centered around it, you manage to concentrate and with that each one of the-- You watch as the wood refixes itself and becomes a solid wheel. With that, the cart lurches forward. You all have to catch up real fast to scamper back onto the cart as Molly has picked it up again. You get yourself back on the road and heading northward. Keeping watch, for the rest of the way, eventually the sun comes close to setting and you haven't quite gotten within visual range of the swamp. You're coming to a relatively hilly portion of the terrain and ahead most of the valley tends to cruise upward where the hills are now cresting and obscuring the horizon. But the sun is setting, so you may be looking somewhere to camp, unless you want to push through the night. Smash cut to Fjord's grave. As you continue up towards this particular hillcrest, there is a small patch of high bushes in an older campsite. There is a clearing of the grass, where it's mostly rock and dirt with some bits of dried brush. There's a rock formation, with a bit of charcoal and blackened ground where a fireplace had previously been set. You guys bring the cart off to the side, set up your evening arrangement, light a small fire there in that same rock circle. Who's taking first watch? One of you make the watch roll with advantage, as the other is giving aid. Nice. In the vicinity, as the dark night takes over, there is no moonlight, it is very dark. But you do catch a flash in the distance. (rumbling) And another. You listen for a while and it is getting closer. You guys are out in the open, yeah. Not unless any of you have it within your pack, but otherwise all you have is your cart. You're in the middle of a field right now. It's hilly terrain and the topography shifts a bit, but right now all you see is darkness beyond your immediate darkvision peripheral. The occasional flash of light you see in the distance begins to frame an ominous shape far to the north the beginnings of a mountain range that you have been able to see previously or hadn't paid attention with the darkening sky. And it does. Those who are taking the first part of your evening's rest come to as the storm begins to come over. The weather gets colder, you feel the rain imminent within the next hour. No, these were lightning bolts in the distance in the storm. The rain begins to kick in your vicinity. The fire begins to go out. Okay, the cloak you have is treated with simple wax to try and resist most water. You'll probably be a bit soggy in the morning, but it's doable. Alcohol and beef jerky, man. The first watch goes beyond the rain without incident. Who is taking the second watch? Well, there's only been the first watch. Okay, I didn't hear that part. So Caleb and Jester, who's keeping up? Who's the point man on that watch? Make your check. At this point it's midnight, so it's pitch black. You keep watch throughout the area, now without the warm glow of the fire to give you a good visual perspective. All you can go by are the distant flashes and sometimes close flashes of lightning. (thunder) A loud one hits, probably striking a tree no more than two or three miles from where you are. All of you get jostled awake for a moment before getting yourself back to sleep. If I could have everybody leave the table except for Yasha, please. As much as everyone else is attempting and jostling around to get rest through the night's weather, there's something comforting about the sound of rolling thunder to you. Always kind of has been, but more so in recent years. As unconsciousness comes to you, what usually means dreamless sleep. Welcome to be dreamless because not all dreams are good for you. Not all memories are good for you. But as the dark takes you, there's a flash of light, the sound of thunder, and there's a vision. A memory of people all around you, but faced away. People you know, people you grew up with, all looking the opposite direction. It fades to dark. There's another flash and you've pushed through them and you see an elevated piece of ground in the central rock in the shape of a figure, but you can't see it. It's obscured by the low light. You do know who that shape is. It goes to dark. It stays dark for a while, to the point where you are longing for that next vision, clamoring for it. You feel this searing pain burning up each of your arms. You look down, but can see nothing except for flames curling up the side. Dull bluish purple flames that create the outline of your forearms. It burns up to the tips of your fingers. Flash once more and around you are bodies. Creatures, people, children, monsters, dozens and dozens of corpses carved and torn asunder. Where you saw the blue flame up your arm you just see blood, dripping, fresh, crimson onto the ground. The only sound you hear. Your vision fades to darkness once more. (thunder) Another blast and there you see it the ruined statue. The one beacon of nameless hope that pulled you out of that darkness. Missing part of its torso, the head mostly cleaved, akilter. The land seemingly ejecting the presence of what this statue represents. Your eyes look down and focus at the base and as the vision begins to fade to black once more, your eyes focus on that single disc the four bolts of lightning. The darkness takes you once more. The next flash (thunder) hits, and you're just walking. Your lips are parched. Your muscles ache. You look over your shoulder and you see before you the memory of the land where you grew up. The waste beyond the central swamp of Xhorhas. But it is crawling with thousands and thousands of worms. From this perspective it looks like it's so small. But for these worms to be where they are, they would be so immense at this distance. The perspective is almost dizzying and you look away. You glance up back at that mountain and in spite of that pain, you continue to push. The vision fades and this time the darkness lingers. Confusion wells in, the desperation for something. It's not fair. It's not fair to be given just a few glimpses and no opportunity, no chance. How do you make this right? What do you make right? What did you do? What is there? (thunder) One final, loud, shattering, shaking flash of light and rolling thunder brings to you one singular vision of a figure in the dark center of a storm cloud swirling. The wind buffets your shoulders with freezing air. You feel your hair being whipped and thrown around your face, stinging as it slaps against your cheeks and eyes. The same figure, that statue that had pulled you from the darkness once before, stands made of the same roaring and roiling clouds and rain and wind, stepping out of the sky towards you. You can see the muscle-bound form, the gray flesh, formless yet solid as it steps down like a titan from the sky. The foot lands but a quarter-mile from where you stand, but the impact causes the ground beneath you to quake. (thunder) You strangely feel comfort. You can't look away from this figure. As the hand comes down and gently rests on the ground before you, before it turns upward to a palm, a sourceless voice comes into your head, a voice you've never heard. For all that you've chased this mystery, what this beacon is, this is the first time you've heard a voice through this imagery. All it says is, "You walk the right path. Be "strong. Don't forget who you were, and decide who you will become." The vision fades back into darkness. (thunder) Another blast of thunder and this time you wake up suddenly. The rain is still pouring outside. You're amongst the grass. Can we get everybody else back in, please? You wake up. You're shivering a bit from the cold and the night air. The ground has dampened, even beneath the cart. You were sleeping beneath the cart, right? You forgot to say goodbye. She's just gone. Roll a perception check-- no. As you come to consciousness through this evening's rest for your final watch, as you gather after that sleep is probably not going to find its way to you again for the rest of the evening. Who is taking the final watch with you? One of you two make the watch perception roll. Just make a single roll. As you all rest for the final length of the evening, Yasha and Nott, you stay up chatting as much as you like or staying quiet as much as you like. The rain still pouring through in sheets heavily. It's about a quarter-mile walk from where you are, but you can head there. Yeah, you can get there. A little jaunt down there. Soaking wet as the rain still pours down. You approach and you come to the half-splintered form of one of the larger trees in this section. There are a few dotted singular trees or clusters around, but this was once a tall and proud tree. As you approach, you can see near the top it's been carved right down the center and part of it has splintered and exploded. There are chunks of wood around the vicinity and you can see even amongst the rain, on the interior of the exposed trunk there are still faintly orange glowing embers from where the bolt had struck through the night. The bark is a harder utensil to utilize to carve into bark. You can take it and carve in the edge there using the tip. It takes you a few minutes to do so, but you manage to complete the shell of the symbol's outline and then make your trek back to join up with Nott. As Nott cuddles up alongside Yasha's comparably hulking form to keep out of the water, you finish your final watch as you both watch the sun begin to rise over the horizon-- or at least, you can't see the sun, but you can see the day grows lighter as it makes its way over the cloud cover. The rain is not quite as strong, and the lightning seems to have subsided, but it is still a light drizzle when it comes to the proper morning. As the rest of you come to consciousness, completing your long rest, the day is yours, damp as it may be. The low fog and mist still encompasses most of the valley around you, and it's a beautiful sight as you glance around first thing in the morning. You can see only the tops of the hills slowly breaking through the layer of cold mist that hits the lower valleys between that shifting topography. As you look off, you can now have a much better view of the Silberquel Ridge above this large mountain range that marks the geological center of the empire. As you glance down, you can barely make out what might be the swamp. It's pretty cold. I'd say it's probably in the high 40s. It's not freezing point yet, but it's definitely cold and wet. Where Molly pointed over there, you see what was once a tree is destroyed and splintered. It's impressive. Make an investigation check. Actually, this would be more of a nature check. It's struck by lightning, man. Pretty impressive. It split, and a lot of the tree is still standing, but it's broken open from the center, and one half of it's broken away and shot off into multiple pieces. Okay, cool. Fair enough. No, you guys are moving on. You are now. Jester jumps onto one of the horses' backs. As you guys begin to pick up speed and head down, you're now at the very top of this major series of hill clusters and making your way down towards the base of the Silberquel Ridge. Do you have alchemy supplies on you? All right. I would like you to make-- hold on, it's roll plus proficiency because you're proficient in alchemy, plus, this will have to be dexterity at disadvantage because you're in the back of a moving cart. Correct. You manage to succeed in spite of the-- at one point, it gets a little dodgy and you almost drop it and catch it before it begins to spill the nearly completed acidic formula all over the center of the wooden cart, eating through it. You manage to complete one vial of acid, so you can mark that down. As you guys approach the mountain range, you can see the clouds now that have pressed down obscure the peaks of the top of the range. You can see the darkened mountainous form vanishing up into the top, gray, whereas in the distance, sheets of rain that are still coming down much heavier to the north obscure your ability to see further beyond the northward valley to either side of the range. You also see the southern base of the mountains, which is the direction you're heading. You get the sense that the watershed-- that most of the mountain range seems to almost lean to a southward direction, so the watershed of all the rain pours and slides down the mountain to this one central southern area, and there you see the darkened, tangled, thick swamp of Labenda, your destination. Sitting deep green and distant, tangled and sprawling before you. From where you are now, I'd say it's eight or so miles. Continuing your path on for a little bit of the morning, eventually you begin to watch as the grasses begin to give way to more... moistened-- that's a fun word to use, moistened-- terrain. The normal dry-- even after a rain, the damp ground is now becoming sludgy, and the path itself, the road, seems to have been well-built and set for this type of travel. But even then, it's starting to gather on the wheels a bit as you ride through, and you can see bits of it are clustering up and leaving this groove in the ground behind you. Okay, and you move around each one. It doesn't get too bad, thankfully, because it's still pretty slick. When it clumps on, it generally slides off. It's not immediately damp from the first time for most of the vicinity here. The rain does eventually begin to subside. However, the edge of the swamp begins to breach the path that you're heading. You begin to see the swamp grasses take over from the hillside. You begin to see the heavy puddles of swamp bog water beginning to appear to the right and left. The trees you're used to seeing here in the middle of the field are giving way to banyan trees and other thicker-trunked, gnarled bases, heavy, thick vine-covered canopies. The insects begin to fill the air with a weird buzzing. Make a perception check. About half an hour or so of travel along the road into the center of Labenda Swamp, the humid air prevents the mounting sweat on your body from evaporating, causing your sweat to pool in your armor in uncomfortable ways. Your breathing is somewhat shallow as you adapt to the moisture in the air around you. The ever-present hum of the buzzing insects begins to permeate the atmosphere around you, while the musky stench of decaying plants and stagnant water grow stronger the further in you pass. A very low fog, since it's still relatively early in the day, sits across the surface of the water that's exposed in patches between where the thick roots and soft rotting vegetation seems to be sitting, like a spongy ground. As you push down, it sinks a few inches. As you pull back, the portion that you had pressed in remains, but the water begins to fill up the space where your staff had pushed in. You guys continue further into the swamp. You get about another half hour or so on the path before Beauregard, Caleb, Molly and Jester, all at once, you hear this strange trilled cry of some kind. It's like, (cawing). Mage Armor. You hear it again, only this time it sounds intense, or frantic. The strange (bird croaking). It sounds singular, so far. It's coming to the right, off the road, like deep into the swamp. You guys are still moving forward on the path. Make a perception check. As you're glancing out there, a piece of stray vegetation, falling from one of the nearby trees, flitters into your eye. No effect. Faintly. No, she was pushing off the path. This road is designed to not sink heavy with the rest of the swamp material. A lot of travel happens in and out on this main path on the byway. As long as you're on the path, for the most part, you should be fine. This is the path to Berleben. The Bromkiln Byway is the road you're taking. You're in the swamp. Yes, and Berleben is further in the swamp. Make a nature check. It sounds similar to a crow cry, but it sounds frantic. You've heard the sound similar to it before, when you once as a child watched a crow snatched in the jaws of some sort of hunting cat. Right before its bones were crushed and it went lifeless, it's a very similar sound. No, just the sound. It's loud enough where it's not that far off the road, but it's not in sight right now. There's too many tree trunks obscuring your vision. They are, but they're not super thick. There's still light coming through, and as you travel, there are bits and pieces that overhang the road, but you still have open sky ahead of you. You don't think it's going to continue the further into the swamp you go. Roll a dexterity check. With a deft flick of his finger, he manages to pluck the piece of vegetation from your eye. It gently hits the side of Molly's cheek. You, who have been keeping a discerning eye, and you rolled what on your perception check before? Roll again as you've stopped at this place here. 12. Something shifts in the water ahead, almost beyond your vision. Something that was stationary before, and looked like a log that had been resting in the water, dips away from you in the direction of the noise. Okay, go ahead and mark that. You guys are still on the path, yeah. It moved away from you. It moved in the direction of the sound. You hear it again (panicked bird croaking). This terrain is pretty similar to you, yeah. In places where you grew up, some hunting and some places in your nomadic lifestyle put you in terrain very similar to this. So you're pretty comfortable here. Nothing. What are you guys doing? Anything? Continues for a bit. No reaction. Yeah, you're maybe an hour into it. They were cut off from the safe house. You don't know where the safe house is, or what location it is at. As far as you know, yes. There are a number of tall trees. Sure, you want to get a little closer and climb a tree? Make a general athletics check as you jump off the side, your legs (slurping) into the swamp, as they sink about a foot with each step, leaving these heavy footprints behind that fill with water. You make your way through the swamp, the suction doesn't stop you one bit. You grab the nearby tree and climb to the top and get off to a branch and look in the direction. Make a perception check, please. That's cocked. How could you do that? Ten? That's enough. Over the edge you glance down and you can see past the tree line, maybe about 100 or so feet from where you are, there's a small clearing, this open area. Where the water is, there is a thick bit of black bog. It looks almost like a thick swampy, tar-ish little pool. You can see a part of a tree has fallen into it, and the liquid is generally darkening the bottom of where it's been stuck. You don't know how long it's been there. There is the dark root, and crooked branches, and elements of it sticking up in the air. The smell of bog rot is very strong, even from this proximity to it. You see something moving in the center of this bog, struggling, shifting. You see, covered in this tar-like material and flailing, some sort of humanoid creature of jet black skin. It's not skin-- feathers. It's fighting against the swamp, it's small. Shifting out of the water off to the side, slowly up to the bog, probably what Beau saw earlier, some sort of reptilian creature with a long snout and a long tail. Curving around and making its way slowly towards the bog. As the flailing bird creature is attempting to give a (panicked bird croaking). That's true. That was going to be a-- uh-oh, over here. What's the DC on that? It's all good. The DC on any of your spells. Plus seven? It fails. Roll damage. 13 points of damage. All of this divine energy suddenly bursts and burns around the creature's body. As it suddenly spins, with this hiss in the direction, looking around and seeing nothing there. You see her in the tree, you don't see what she's looking at and pointing at. She climbs down the tree and begins running in that direction. She's ran off. You are, yeah. You're staying on your horse to get there? Well, it's cool for the first minute before it goes (mud slurping). Oh, got you. Roll to attack. Yeah, that hits. All right, cool. So timeline worked out. As you approach, this is the visual from the side that you see. This here is the gator that you see making its way there. It is very large. Jester, you make your way up over to that side. The rest of you are currently trying to catch up on that end of the table. That being the case, I need everyone to roll initiative. Keep it in mind. Heading this direction-- North is that way. That's the direction you were traveling was this direction. You're heading this way. Correct. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? TALIESIN and Beau, you got 15? Molly, you got 15? That brings us to 15 to ten. What'd you get, Jester? 12? You got a six? Beau and Molly, you're up first. At a full double dash, you can catch up, at this point, almost to Jester. It's rough terrain because it's a swamp. You guys, we'll say, get about there, and Molly, you're a little bit behind, because Beau is a little faster than you. Correct. That's your turn. That gets us to Jester. You can go. Where are you placing that? 60 feet range? It's rough terrain against the swamp because it's very (marshy sloshes). As far as you can get, yeah. (singing) You're not meant to stand on this. It's really obnoxious, yeah! We'll say right there. You're on it. You can get almost to it with a 60-foot range. Right there is the closest you can get. Correct. Okay, so you're holding? Can you use an action to hit with it? I think it's a bonus action. Sorry. This is his lucky day. This lollipop apparates out of the swamp water and is now hovering there. You got it. Ending Jester's turn, that brings us to Yasha. Full run. What's your speed? 40 feet. You're right up next to Beau. No, that's double dash, because you guys all stayed back while Jester ran in. You're all barely getting caught up to her at this point. Caleb, you're up. That's about as far as you get right there. We'll say, comparatively. Just knock them around! It chips the paint better. Nott, you're up. With your regular movement speed, you'll get up to where Caleb is. Sorry, where Molly is. Bonus action dash will get you up to where, up to the edge and about, we'll say right there. Yeah. Up to you. It's swampy. (marshy sloshing) Go for it, arcing it over. With disadvantage. No. It goes wide. Sticks into one of the nearby swamp trees over here. That ends your turn. You can, so do that as you release the bolt. That's a failure with a two. Roll damage. All right. Three. It approaches-- --the bird creature. It doesn't have its action to strike it, unfortunately, because it had to get the extra movement. Coming out of the way here, you see-- (gasping) That's the one that Beau must have seen. It begins to emerge from the brush underneath. There's this low growl. You hear the growling, sucking sound as it approaches. It's going to make a strike. Natural one. That's fucking lucky. As it attempts to bite out towards it, the small bird creature scrambles backward and manages to beat its jaw out of the way. It is going to attempt to swing around and swing its tail in its direction. A two? Are you fucking serious? Okay. Apparently. So yeah. Although, technically, the creature is restrained, so it does have advantage on its attacks. Yeah, attack rolls against it have advantage, because it's restrained. So the first attack missed, the bite. The tail does hit. The jaws, it missed with a one and a two on the first strike. The second one it swings with its tail-- Hey. I'm going by the rules. It's restrained. The second one, the tail, does hit. Crack! This is going to be 19 points of bludgeoning damage. As the tail cracks across the scrambling bird, you watch as it goes limp and is currently unconscious, its tiny form now stuck in the bog and unmoving. Now it's Fjord's turn. Your speed will get you about there. You and Caleb are about the same space. Roll the attacks. Five points. Did you roll for the attacks on each of those? Nine misses. 12 misses. Both go wide off into space. No damage to that croc. However, as it slams into the wood nearby and the ground, it turns in your direction, noticing now the arriving brigade. Top of the round now. Molly and Beau. We'll say for the purposes of this, at movement, because the space is not right here, so I'm going to get you on the edge of the map for your movement. Sure, you are. The closest gator? Okay then. Let me pull it up here. That's a-- Enthrall. That's probably a bard spell. Enthrall. All right. You weave a distracting string of words (mumbles). It has advantage on the save because you guys have attacked it. That's a two plus zero. That is an eight plus zero. I don't think it makes it, actually. You're really lucky. What's your spell DC? It should say. Is it charisma-based? It's a wisdom save, but is the ability your racial ability? Yeah, then it's charisma-based, because all of them are, so it's DC ten. It still succeeds, actually. It rolled really poorly. So the creature has disadvantage to perceive any creatures other than you until the spell ends. It seems to have paid attention. I mean, it senses all of your presence, but it's focused on you. If any of you are trying to get around stealthily, it's going to have a hard time noticing you. That ends your turn? All righty. Beau? You can get up to here, I'd say, if you move at the same pace. That's your movement. You have your action and your bonus still. If you want to spend a ki point to do your step of the wind. Almost. Although if you aren't moving towards that tree and you move there instead-- No, that's still the same. Yeah, just out of range. You can if you spend a ki point. All right. Go for it. You get two at the creature. 20 hits. Both hit. Roll damage on each. As you throw them both, they (whoosh whoosh) and it's like (low growl) and it opens its jaws. That end your guys' turns. Jester, you're up. Right here? Sure. Make an athletics check. Sure, let me put you up there in the tree. At level three, a different target. That's pretty great. What's the wisdom save on that? Wisdom save? Con save. All right. A 19 on that one. He succeeds. That's a 14 on the other. That one, however, is blinded. You watch as, all of a sudden, the eyes darken and it begins to (snarls), flailing about, unable to actually make a bead on where any of you are at the moment. Yep, and advantage on attack rolls against it. Boop! Go for it. That's not concentration, correct? Just lasts for a minute? Yes. At the end of each of its turns, it can make a constitution saving throw. Good to know. That hits! Roll damage. Nice. Your lollipop slams into the back of that distant alligator, but it's still right there with the unconscious creature in front of it, starting to figure out where to keep its focus. It seems hungry, but it's also being assaulted. That ends Jester's turn. Yasha, you're up. Movement will get you up to there. Okay. Your vision goes faintly dark red as you begin to focus your frustration towards these creatures. What do you do? You can use your action to move, if you want to. At least it'll get you into the fray. That's as close as you can get there. That ends your turn. Caleb, you're up. Scorching Ray. Go for it. Roll three attacks on it, right? How many rays is it? Three rays? Correct. That hits. Nice. They all hit. Second set of rolls is doubled. Nice! Not bad at all. Looking up at the distance, you tug on the glove and release as these three bolts arc out and slam into the rather broad side of this reptilian creature, this large crocodile that's now-- Blinded. Okay. With that, you get to about there. Ending Caleb's turn. Nott, you're up. Yep. Go for it. You got to roll them in order, though, because you don't know if the one that got sneak attack is. You have to declare that when it happens. Well, you only get sneak attack once per round. Second one got crit. Right. So the first one would've been sneak attack. First strike-- Sneak attack, you only get once per turn. Not per round, per turn. So you can still get it on a reaction. Whatever you rolled on the dice, doubled. Eight points of damage. Ten points of damage. This poor gator turned around, went blind, got shot multiple times, blasted with fiery beams. No, it's just so focused on him. That ends your turn? That ends your turn. It is now the crocs' turns. (counts movement) It actually climbs up the rock after you, (stomping) and then goes and takes a swipe down at you. That is 23 to hit. With that, 3d10 plus five. Yeah. It's a large set of jaws. 21 points of piercing damage, halved. You take ten points of piercing damage, but you are grappled as the giant jaws slam into you and hold you in place. You're unable to escape at that point. It's going to take a swing with its tail towards you as it's flailing about, hearing noise in that direction. It has disadvantage against you. That's 22 and 12. That misses in the first attack as its tail goes wide. It turns around and snaps its jaws towards the tree and scrapes off the side of the tree and swings in your direction, as it attempts to bite towards you. That's going to be a 14. What's your armor class? 14's your armor class? That's right. You have the jaws slam onto you. You suffer 18 points of piercing damage, but because you're raging, that's reduced to nine. You get nine points of piercing damage, but you are grappled and restrained currently, as you are now trapped in its jaws. You watch as Nott's hands are dangling out of its toothy jaws, it's swinging her in the air. Yasha is lifted up off her feet and is currently trying to pry the jaws open off of her body, but is unable to do so. Death saving throw for the creature. That's a failure. Fjord, you're up. Holding Nott? Go for it. That'll do. You got it. Nice. As you release the two bolts, they manage to peek around the tree, see it grasping Nott in its jaws and swinging her back and forth. One hits the bottom of the jaw, and the other hits its side. You see this little splatter of dark crimson alligator blood from the two impacts, but it's still holding taut to this tiny little morsel it has in its jaws. All right. Want to move Caleb up for me, Beau? Somebody? I'm sorry. Meant to say Fjord to Caleb. At least you guys have range. That brings us to the top again. Molly and Beau. Yeah. That is a 16 on the saving throw for the blind crocodile, so it does resist the blindness. Its vision comes back. However, it fucked it up for a round. Beau. 21 hits. That hits. With two strikes with the staff. Seven damage each? So 14? Cool. It's 14 points of damage with the two strikes? Slamming into the side of its heavy, thick, scaled hide. It's hurting, but it's definitely a resistant beast. You pull your staff behind and then you go to a punch and a dropkick. Way to go. That hits. 12 misses, unfortunately, but you do get one punch off. After slamming it twice, you go for the softer part and whack! Oh, gotcha, but there you go. Okay. Moving on. That's fine. It's okay. It's still a fair amount of damage. Molly, what are you doing? That's it. Unfortunately, you guys are running through a swamp behind who engaged it, so it's an unfortunate circumstance. Fortune favors the bold in this case. Sure. That is a natural 19. A swamp bug goes into your throat as you're trying speak it, and you have to cough it out for a second. That finishes Molly's run. Jester, you're up. Okay. Roll to heal on that one. It's within range. Six points of healing. You watch as suddenly, its yellow eye flickers and looks around for a second and it begins to push against the slickness. It looks at it. (bird croaking) It begins to try and pull its way back out of the bog. It's getting stuck and sliding in, but it's trying to pull itself backward. That's your turn, Jester. Yasha, you're up. In its jaws. So you are restrained. You can still attack it, but you're at disadvantage on all your attacks. If you reckless, it'll become regular attacks. All right. Make your two strikes. First one with divine fury as you swing down towards the top of its jaws with your blade. As you go to swing, the jaws tense against you and (groans) it hurts and all your muscles tense from the pain, but you stay focused going for your second strike. 17 does hit, roll damage. This still gets divine fury though, because it's the first strike that you hit with. 18 points of damage. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Yeah, you can because you're inside of it. You pull yourself, you pull the jaws open and step out of it, getting your feet on the ground as you yank apart. You put your leg up into it and (snapping). You feel the jaw pop. It falls back for a moment, its jaw now limp and its tongue lolling out to one side. You have your blade and you do the finishing blow. Oh, I mean describe to me the finishing blow. Breaking its jaw isn't going to kill it. So how do you kill it? Okay. After breaking the jaw you step out, pull the blade from behind you and with a wide swipe, like an anti-cavalry blow, you cut through the side of its throat and neck. It doesn't get all the way through, but it cuts enough through the spine where it falls to the ground. This long, heavy, limp piece of luggage. We'll leave that there for its size, though. You going to stay where you are? You want to move? Because you still have movement, you've been released from its jaws. That's as far as you can get. Well, you can get there, actually. Okay. That ends your turn. Yasha's finished. Caleb, you're up. Moving your speed will get you right up to the edge there, so it's just out of 30 feet. Sorry. That's five missiles? Trudging through the swamp, cast the spell, and then release. The five missiles all impacting at once. Broken clock. Along its side of it, it's still holding Nott in its mouth, and Nott's muffled screaming from inside of its jaws as it swings her back and forth. It seems singularly focused on destroying whatever it has its mouth on. It's a beast. That finishes your turn, Caleb? Nott, it's your turn. I need you to contest it. It's an escape DC of 16; it's athletics or acrobatics, your choice. Make the check. 18 is enough. You manage to just squeeze out of its jaws and land back on the ground where you are, slipping out a brief moment of its opening and get there. There's blood streaked down, you can feel the pain from the teeth that have been digging into your body. It would, yeah. 12 misses. You pull out, and from being shaken around you're a bit dizzy and the pain swelters in your body, and as you go to fire it ricochets off of its hide. Right now? Technically, yes actually. 17 does hit, roll damage. 12 points of damage, sneak attack. The first strike hits underneath the throat, slips into a piece of its already open, cracked, heavy hide and it-- (growls). It's advantage on every strike. That's better, roll damage for that one. This rollercoaster, the emotions. I know. Five points of damage. No, because it's not attacking anything that's outside of you. Correct. No worries. Away from over here? That's as far as you can get right there. It does try and snatch its jaws towards you in the process. That's a natural 20. That's an eight, nine, and a five. 23 plus five. 28 points of piercing damage. You can use it once per round, yeah. 14 points of piercing damage, however, you are grappled in its jaws. I know, but as you try and break away-- We're talking like Deep Blue Sea, Samuel L. Jackson. As you run away the jaws grab and pull you back and you're being held and shaken again. Now you do, yes. As it strikes out and grapples Nott in the jaws, you do manage to get one swing at it. A lot of sharks in Kamordah, it's a thing. Oh, shit! Roll some damage on that. 12 points of damage, all right. Crack! You hit it right across the snout, and upon the impact its eyes go dazed for a second but it continues to chew. It's still standing. That finishes Nott's turn? All right. The one standing croc is going to drop Nott out of its jaws-- And attempt to bite again. Curse of the Eyeless amplified. Actually before it bites, it's going to swing with its tail. It's going to spin around and attempt to slam you with its tail. That's disadvantage on that strike. That's cocked. Cocked again. Disadvantage. Even with disadvantage that's a 20. The tail hits you. That's 2d8. That's 18 points of bludgeoning damage. I know. But it has advantage on a prone creature. That's a 17 to hit, what's your armor class? I'm going to make a quick call here. No. I'm calling Jeremy Crawford to confirmation. I know, it's still active by rules as written, I guess. Yeah, spells end when they say they end. You don't want to. You don't want to take it. Well hold on. Rarely references the Great Wall? No, that's a 17 still, so with the Haste bonus, that would still miss yeah. So here's what happens. As you fall unconscious-- As you fall unconscious, your form is blurring slightly from the impact, and as you tumble, and it goes to strike and bite you, you're tumbling backward at such a speed, still under the effect of the spell carrying you, that you fall out of grasp of its jaws as you spin and spill out of its mouth as the teeth clamp. Plummeting to the ground. Not taking a critical hit and immediately failing two death saving throws. Do you have any 300 gold diamonds? Not worth 300 gold. I'm just saying, you got to buy your spell components. No. Laura. It's okay. Components that cost money, you have to purchase, like his diamond and his incense. That's a good question. Yeah. Well, that finishes the croc's turn. As the Haste spell snatches Nott from the jaws of almost imminent death, Fjord you're up. That gets you up onto the battlefield there. It puts you within 35 feet, it's just out of 30 foot range. Yeah. Sometimes it doesn't help to lag. Go for it, roll for the attacks. 16 hits. 13 just misses. How do you want to do this? (cheering) Both of the impacts of the Eldritch Blasts hit it, it's still up on the rock after snatching its jaw in the air and missing Nott as she tumbles out of it, the head comes down and turns towards you. As its jaws open, both-- up into the throat. You watch as the back of its head bursts behind it. Its eyes go dull before it slumps over the rock and it slowly slides into the edge of the swamp nearby. She can, yeah. She's an illusion. Correct. Here, in this instance, the illusion would not, I don't think, be affected by the rough terrain. There you go. Correct, at 2nd-level. That heals you up there, you come to consciousness, Nott. You guys take a moment, finish yelling at each other. Jester has jumped down from the tree, calls your attention. There, still struggling in the marsh, you see the small, black feathered bird creature. And we're going to take a break because it's 914, so let's take a quick break. We'll pick up right at that moment in a few moments. I'm going to sit down because I can do that right now. We'll be back here in just a moment, guys. We do have our Wyrmwood giveaway for the evening. We have, what is it, kalimantan ebony tabletop dice tray. This is the pretty awesome dark wood with the leather in it. This one is gorgeous. That one is going to be there for one of our winners during the break. For those of you who are in the US and Canada, except for Quebec, you can enter this over the break, by coming into the Twitch chat and entering the word "Marsh." Only enter it once, more than once and you'll be disqualified and we'll come back with a winner as soon as we return. See you guys in a minute. That's disgusting. Guys! Yeah! Don't tempt me. You guys all take a moment, tend to your exhaustion from plunging into this swamp haphazardly, some of you taking quite a beating in the process. Jester guides your attention to this now struggling small bird creature. It looks to be about the size of a an adolescent child, maybe no more than-- well, let's say a little younger than that, maybe like an eight or nine year old. But instead of skin, it's just black feathers. No wings really, the feathers are too small among the arm to actually be flight-ready. The lower half of its body is still sunken and thick in the bog. It has, where its face is, two bright yellow eyes, very crow, raven-like eyes and a long black pointed beak. And (scared bird croaking). (scared chirping) (chirping) Make a strength check 20. With just a few moments, though your legs sink in a bit, you manage to pull, find leverage, grab onto some of the heavy vines on the side, and you manage to pull this creature out from the bog, until eventually it gets its legs free, and as it pulls its way up to the top, it begins to shrug off the thick bog slop that was keeping it stuck there in the center of the opening. (chirping) (chirping) (like Jester) "Do you live around here?" (gasping) (chirping) (like Jester) "A kid." (chirping) And points its still soggy, feathered arm, to the east. (chirping) (chirping). Looks towards you, and starts walking up towards you, pulls open your coat. Starts rummaging through, pulls one of the books-- (like Caleb) "Please no." Begins to write into the book, and shows it to you. It says, "Thank you." It says "four," the number four. The name is "Kiri." LAURA and (chirping) Begins writing out an extended statement in the paper. Puts out to you and it says; "Family "going west. Traveling. Escaping east mountains. Skies go dark there. Father said the valley folk fighting." (chirping) (sad chirping) (chirping) Begins writing another small essay, in the book. Make a perception check. One of you. Take it with advantage. One of you is aiding the other. Unless you want to make two separate rolls. It's up to you. All right. Go for it. Okay. You guys are keeping an eye out in the space around you. Make an investigation check. (chirp) Finishes writing and shows it over, it says, "Swamp was to hide us. Swamp folk saw us. So we ran to not be taken. I wasn't watching and the bog "caught me. Family couldn't pull free. Couldn't risk sisters or selves, so kept going." "Stuck here for a while. Not their fault. Don't want them to die for my carelessness." Closes the book (chirps). (chirps) "Girl." Puts up four fingers with long, exaggerated feathered fingertips. You haven't encountered these people before. You've heard of various different strange races out there. Bird people may have crossed in a story before but-- You've done a little bit of study. Make a nature check for you, Caleb, since you studied in this area, just general knowledge. Natural 20. Kenku, yes, you know. They're usually very removed. Location-wise, they usually exist on the far outskirts of the Empire if anywhere. They have small family units that live on their own. There isn't so much of a kenku culture they belong to. They're small little groups. They look out for themselves. Correct. As part of their history, and you rolled a natural 20 so you know quite a bit, something in their lineage, there was a curse involved. Something based around the time of their creation, where their ability to converse was taken from them. (chirping) She points in a northeastern direction. Writes on the page, spins it around, it says "Nowhere to go. Can I come with you?" Looks back at the bog, goes-- (like Jester) "I'm okay." (Chirping) (like Fjord) "It's sharp." Holding the dagger, she goes forward and starts pecking out of your hand. The head turns to you as well. Takes it. You rolled investigation? It looks like it's very old and has long fallen over and has been absorbed mostly by the swamp. It doesn't look like it was a large structure. Like it might have been a small, brief gatehouse off the path. Some sort of a watch post that had-- Make an investigation check. Looking through it and making out the layout of it, it was definitely a post house for Berleben when it was first made. The stones look well over 100 years old. They have long been reclaimed by the roots and vines of the swamp. Nothing special beyond that really. Just an abandoned post. Hard grip on it. Okay. Natural 20! Yeah. You take two points of damage. You're like, "Oh!" Not bad. Yeah. You begin to carve into the two crocodiles? Whoever is helming that, make a medicine check to understand what parts of the body are most delicate. To try and open it without-- It'll take you the better part of the day to carve off enough of the hide to really be useful for trading. It's a long process, These are big creatures. You begin to carve off some of its hide. None of you are experienced tanners, so it's a lot of trial and error and sections of it tearing off prematurely. It's a very messy process. Jester is like hand to elbow covered in blood. Have you checked in its stomach? You find a lot of bones, a lot of partially digested meat, and a lot of black feathers. A while, yeah. Sure. Looks to be, yeah. Looks a handful. "I don't know, I just want to get back to my family." There is an interesting point here, let me check something real fast here. Yeah, this is going to be a point. No, that's interesting. Interesting point. After casting the spell, there is no language to understand, it's only through mimicry. You managed to get the jist of that initial statement, through talking with it for a while, but the spell has no effect. There is no spoken language. Looking through with your medicine check, it looks like there's only three between the two of them. They look to be little. Standing at full height, maybe about three and a half feet. To actually harvest the actual armored hide will get you pretty close to dusk. (like Caleb) "Sidekick." (like Jester) "Mom and dad." (chirping) (like Jester) "I'll carry this leather to the cart." She helps you to start lifting the carved stuff, but barely at all. (chirping) Walks right up to you, like face-- (chirping) (startled chirping) And goes back to helping Jester. (chirping) She is spellbound by this moment of a cat appearing in her hands. (chirping) Picks up Frumpkin, and runs towards the cart as you guys get there and load it up. Kiri jumps up into the cart and turns around to the rest of you and goes, (like Nott) "Welcome to The Mighty Nein!" And starts petting Frumpkin. Sure. Make an insight check. It's a bird person. "I'm bird p--" Not that kind of bird person, but-- (chirping) It's a nice flannel, I'm going to want it back. Right now? Yeah. MARISHA and It's pretty chilly. It's like mid-60s. It feels warmer than it is because of the moisture in the air, but it's not, like, warm. Points up in front of the road, in that direction. Following the Bromkiln Byway, your vision pierces the dense tangle of trees and vines to see the distant glow of lanterns just as the sun sets and the evening sky grows dark. Closer still, you make out a strange mismatch of varying levels that make up the village. Whole areas stand on stilts and raised platforms connected by bridges, while much of the city to the eastern side appears to be partly submerged in bog water. The browns, greens, and grays of the marsh itself is reflected in the browns, greens, and grays of the people who now wander the streets, going about their business. Welcome to Berleben, a somewhat miserable-looking, but functional village here in the Dwendalian Empire. As you come off the road, the road gives way into this central district, which looks to be a smattering of stone slabs, cobblestone, and whatever pieces of material were left over from construction that helped fix and maintain a main road here in the central opening before it scatters into the rest of the city. What would you like to do? Yeah. In the Puddin'. There are people walking through the streets. Some of them are carrying small sacks over their shoulder from one place to another, or in the process of wandering over to make about their business for the city, and they notice you approach, and they're slightly nosey, paying attention to these strangers that came in off the Byway. Okay. To look like? All righty. (confused chirping) (chirping) She seems fascinated and enthralled by this. (clicking) It's terrifying. There's still this long, dark beak poking through, but you got what you got. Yeah. Plague Doctor it up. There's one older woman going by, who's hunched, has her own hood up, and a long gray cloak. She's wearing a stained linen blouse and says, "What do you want?" "Weather's shit." "Keystone Pub's in the Puddles, that way." "Look for the crooked tower thing." "I mean, you can. I wouldn't be caught dead there." "What the fuck is pocket bacon?!" "I'm very confused, but I'll take it." Puts it in her pocket, keeps walking. The whole campaign, she's been subtly, stealthily stealing bacon. There are. You do actually see a handful of crownsguard. They're present, it's still part of the Empire, though they look to be somewhat lackluster. At least, their armor isn't as shiny and well-kept. It looks like one of them is like, "Ah, fucking hell." They're stationed here, and they're probably not very appreciative, and have tried their best to adapt to the life here in the Labenda Swamp, but they are visible throughout the town, including The Puddles, which you begin to go towards. Almost half of the city takes up The Puddles. It looks like it was the oldest portion of the town. The original Berleben was just this district, called The Puddles. The entirety of it is beneath between one to three inches of water, so as you begin to descend from the central area of the town, you begin to submerge your feet, and the entire rest of the city has slowly been sinking into the swamp. It's like slowly wading through a tide at the beach. It's also very much the impoverished side. If you could imagine an area of the swamp more impoverished than what you've already come across, this is it. You see a lot of huts and hovels. All the buildings here, on top of being older masonry and stone structures in construct, the bases themselves are a deep algae green from the floor to about halfway up, about two or three feet, where moss and fungus and various other plant matter have slowly grown as the liquid that has been soaking into the vicinity is slowly growing up the sides of these buildings. There's a fountain that has completely folded in now at this point. It has fallen into itself. Bits of the water seem to have permeated through. It's an older relic of the earlier construction period. It does nothing. Crownsguard keep an eye on you as you are the newcomers that walk in. You do notice, as you head down to the Puddles, that one of the guards that watched you enter trails back about 30 or so feet, slowly walking and keeping an eye. Yeah, it's doing all right. It's only about three inches of water averaged, so it's not a major hindrance. You're also going at a relatively comfortable pace now that you're in the city. Perception check for both of you guys. Kiri is now enthralled in the back of the cart, hood up, Frumpkin curled up on her lap, and is slowly petting him. She's slowly petting him. You come up and-- You two-- You see it first, and as soon as you look in that direction, you catch up with that, Fjord. You spot a small crooked tower, maybe about 25 or so feet high. It looks like there was originally a building here that fell into itself and collapsed, and they built a pub on top of it. Not very well, so it's a haphazard construct that looks somewhat unstable with bits of broken stone and-- The only way you can get up into it are rope ladders hanging down the front of it that lead into an archway that's open on the top. There are two oil lanterns hanging from the outside that give this faint glow to the exterior. From the inside, it looks warmly lit, though dark. It's about an eight-foot climb to get to the threshold of the interior. That's what it looks like, yeah. You guys guide your way that way. You manage to catch up with the crownsguard who is walking. As soon as he sees you slowing behind, he lets you catch up. You just leave it on the base of the tower? As you approach, the guard turns to you. "Evening, miss." "Out of towners?" "All right, just don't make any trouble." "Don't like interesting." "No trouble, miss." He's staring right through you. "Your name first." "Beau." "Crownsguard Alexander." "I don't like you." "I can imagine." "Don't start any trouble." "Good. Get on your way." As you wait there, this awkward 30 second stare, he goes, "I'll just--" "Be on your way." He turns around and walks back to his post. Are you guys keeping Kiri in the cart? Kiri climbs up with you. (chirping) (like Jester) "All right." (like Jester) "Protect." (confused chirp) (chirp) (like Nott) "That's true!" She hands Frumpkin to you and climbs up the rope with the rest of you. As you guys climb up the eight-foot jaunt up to the side, you step up past the threshold into the archway and are immediately met with this tough-looking albino dwarf dude. He's standing there with pale white skin, jet white-gray hair, white eyebrows, big white beard, with this black leather vest that's tucked into billowing dark brown pants and boots. He's got all these scars and tattoos across his forearms he's folded and he goes, "Right." Steps back, lets you in. Gives a nod. He continues to glare as you guys step inside. Within, it's a warmly lit, cozy space that resembles being belowdeck on a ship at sea. You're right at home here, Fjord. It's all dark wood from all different angles, and it's cramped, too, so it has that similar feel. All the light in here are a handful of oil lanterns, so it's pretty heavily shaded in certain areas, so you're only catching rim lighting and soft light on certain faces around here. There's maybe six patrons in here total. To the right, this loud banging sound as two individuals in the process of building some sort of a stage in the corner immediately to your right. It's small, maybe five-foot by five-foot, but it's in the process of being built. To your left, you see the bar. It's an L-shaped bar, not terribly large. There behind it there's three oil lamps set up, they light the area. You can see some of the liquor bottles and the ale kegs and everything set up towards the back of the bar. In the front, with one patron sitting on a stool, you see a rather cheerful-looking, middle-aged male gnome as the purveyor of this establishment. He's got puffy black hair and heavy mutton chops on the sides of his face, this bulbous rosy nose. He's in the process of pouring and refilling this tankard for the patron who's leaning against the bar in front of him, this gruff-looking fisherman human dude. He gives a glance over to you as you step in, taking in the vicinity, and goes, "Hey! Welcome to the Keystone Pub! Oldest pub in the Labenda! The "oldest pub in the Labenda is beneath this one, but we rebuilt it." "Thank you very much. Glad you could make it. Where are you all from?" "Alfield, that's a bit of a journey, isn't it? Well, glad you could make it. Not many folks "come that far over here to visit the swamp." "I am Dent Bonswallow." "Dent Bonswallow." Perception check. It's too dark in here, unfortunately. There's only six other patrons, but they're too dimly lit for you to make out any features. As Jester begins walking off through the chamber, he's like, "What can I get you guys? What "you asking for? What you looking for?" "That would be the Labenda Throat Grog." "Labenda Throat Grog." "Burns you like a fucker." "Labenda. The swamp you're in. Same color as the swamp. Burns your throat. Tastes like grog. "That's where it got its name." "Yeah!" "A round for everyone? You too?" Points to the little hooded creature next to you. (as Kiri, like Nott) "On the wagon." (as Dent) "Right. Weird." (laughter) "That's going to put you back about 25 copper pieces." As he's pouring the drinks one by one "What brings you to town? What brings you so far north "from Alfield?" "It's a shithole. But it's our shithole!" "Thank you, I appreciate that." "Oh, you got one of the shithole magnets, too?" "If anyone else wants any, I got a whole bucket of them." "No, I wanted some entertainment to liven the place up a bit. I've been here for ten years, "and it's been a bit dull." "I did. Inherited it from my father, before it, you know." "It's been here since the empire started. Almost three centuries." "Yeah." "I mean, you're there." "Yeah. It's the finest pub in town." "Hey, it's rough to start at the top, mate, but you make your way down." "Maybe. Your best bet for trade wouldn't be here in The Puddles. You'd be looking for the "Midway Docks. That's where most of the business gets done here. If you're looking for things for a "fancier space, maybe you want to head to The Stilts, but that's where the-- what's the word I'm "looking for-- folks who run the place stay." "It's The Stilts. It's where it's all raised up. That's where the Summit House is, where the "Starosta stays. There's the Mossmire Temple, which is where the druid that keeps the swamp fane "stays. The Idolmaster." "You're already here." "Yeah!" He points down. "Yeah!" "Do you like things that are haunted?" MARISHA and "It's haunted!" MARISHA and "No, we cleared out underneath. Everything that fell in, we cleared out, and we have "subterranean rooms." "That's not a bad idea." He makes a note on a piece of paper. "There will be, in a few weeks." "Most of them, no. But there's a few if you like it wee bit soggy." Okay. Nobody get close! "Four." "Let's see, for the inn put it about a silver piece per room." "Per person." "Yes." "I apologize for the miscommunication." "That is the case. You pay for them spirits." "You brought a cart?" "Then yeah. We can keep it. I can keep it." (defeated) "You can take it to the stables." "The Midway Docks. But I can do it for you! For just a few copper. A delivery fee." "Okay." "Aye." "Fair enough. Deed is done. Thank you! Did you want me to be delivering your cart for you?" "All right. If you ever get lazy-- " "The Midway. There's only really one stable. It's a bit large, there. It's in the Midway Docks, "so keep an eye out, ask around, you'll find it." "Yeah?" "You looking for old Febron?" "I ain't going to ask. He's over there. Left of the stage where it looks like he's passed out, "probably in his own piss, most likely." He points in the direction, you can see where they're banging with hammers at the stage, there's one guy who's like (snoring). Just completely out. Probably drooling down the side of the face. He's just the contact who knows. (snoring) (snoring) (groans) "What the fuck you do that for?" You now have the full appearance here, and it's pretty busted. The Gentleman was wrong. There is one tooth, but it is black and angled. Yeah, from the bottom out. The lips are cracked. The left eye is angling off in an off direction. He looks like he's probably been kicked in the face a few times by probably a horse at some point in his childhood. He's definitely had a rough go at life, probably, but has seemed to have carved a living. The very balding head on top, jaundiced skin, looks like he's sweating from the general humidity of the air in there, along with probably who knows how much he's been drinking and he's sweating the alcohol through his pores. Doesn't take care of himself. He looks up. "So "what you doing?" "Why the fuck did you flick me?" "From-- ? Where's my fucking drink?" Tension goes straight. This eye goes (fwoop!). Joins the other. "You were sent by The Gentleman? Yeah? What's he want?" (chuckles) "My troubles just started, mate! Don't want anything with this. No. Fucking out. "No. Want nothing to do with it!" "Nope. Think I'm fucking doing it? It's not my problem anymore! I don't want anything to do "with him, or any of his business. He wants to send more of his toadies out to a drowning death? Go "for it! That's up to you. I want nothing to do with it. You can do it without adding corpses by "my tangle." "How is that? It's a drink for it? Eh, fuck you!" Make an intimidation check. A 15? The sweat begins to build a little more on his brow. He's like, "Well, I was just-- "don't need to be taking me back to him. You know, I don't want the work anymore." (sighs) "Could I get another drink? Look mate, it's some shit going on out there in the "swamp. I bet he didn't tell you anything, did he?" "No, it wasn't gators!" "Look. It was easy work, mate. All right? Meet his friends, lead them to the safe house in "the swamp, lead them back. Good pay. Simple work. And yeah, I'm going to miss it, huh? But I value "my life more than that. Few weeks back I escorted one of his smuggled troops to the safe house in "the swamp. Right? The one you're asking about. Left them there with instruction to return a few "days later and escort them to the underground river. Returned and I heard something cruel. Some "low, echoing howl. (weak scream) It was much scarier than that. Shaking, I got there, right? "Fucking hell. Outside the house, all of them, dead. Strung up in reeds and roots. Bloated and "left as a warning, that's what I say. I hear the howl again, and I just run." "There be curses in this swamp. Have been since before this loathsome struggle shithole's "been here. (tearfully) Nightmares I been having, yeah? Been having ever since. Whatever it is, it's "gotten in me head! I ain't going. It ain't worth it if I had the coin!" "I'll come for that." (laughter) Make it a hundred gold pieces and buy me a drink. He does. He had to pull it off the ground. It's knocked over and spilled. "And the other?" Make a persuasion check. "100 gold now, or you're pissing up the wind to find this little place!" (Kiri, like Jester) "What are you going to do?" Your bird friend says. He goes-- (as Febron) "Look. I'm going to be risking my life, I'm going to do it for the right amount "of coin, okay? It's a service I'm providing. You can drag me back if you like. It's a pain in the ass!" "Then drag me back! Take me back to him! Empty-handed in the deal you're looking for!" "100 gold." Make another persuasion check. With disadvantage. No, he doesn't want to sing! He goes, "Deal, but it's a short song!" Accounting in D&D! His one eye wandering. He slinks over. The stage is only partially up, and the two guys go-- "Just a moment." They're like, "Fuck off!" "Just a fucking moment! Just one!" They're like, "Fucking hell, Febron, "seriously?" They step back, cross their arms and he gets up on the stage. Looks at the pouch of coins. (singing off-key) "All the sailors say Brandy, you're a fine girl. What a good wife you "could be." "I need a drink!" He goes back towards the bar. "When do you want to leave?" SAM and "You ain't taking it back!" "I'm staying with you?" LAURA and "Sure. Fine. Great." "Ready to snuggle, big lady?" He goes and finishes his drink. You're shown the sleeping quarters for the evening. There is a hatch behind and to the back of the bar. It looks like a dark corner, where there's almost no light. The barkeep, Dent, comes over and brings one of the lanterns off the wall and opens up a hatch, and there is a ladder that leads down inside. Literally, they've cleared out most of the ruin of the old establishment below it, and there are four separate rooms with a small hallway between, like a cross-section hallway, that are built as a subterranean sleeping quarters. There are no windows! It feels very much like a prison cell with a bed, but it's functional. One bed per room. It's post-sundown. In the time of searching the city, having the drink and conversation, it's probably close to 930, 1000, probably. Taking all the horses and the cart to the stables, Dent, looking it all over, charges you two silver for the service. Go for it. Seems above board, yeah. "No worries, happy to help!" He goes and carries it off and takes care of it for the evening. You guys gather your things and bed down for the evening, taking your respective chambers. Sure. That was Kiri. (like Beau) "Ooh, I'm a captain." (curious chirping) (scoots chair closer) (confused chirping) (confused chirping) (confused chirping) (like Beau) "Where do babies come from?" Kiri is just enthralled. (trilling) If you could see a blackbird blush. Molly and Fjord? Yeah, and you guys notice, two of the rooms are dry, two of the rooms have about half an inch of water on the floor. Half an inch of water on the floor. All right. The door closes in the chamber. (gulps drink) "Hello." "Interesting. Right, okay." He starts taking his linen shirt off it's stained and-- "I can, but it's not as comfortable." "All right. You first." "Yeah, me too." "May I sleep in the bed?'" "Let's try." "Very well." He lays down on the somewhat slightly waterlogged floor, takes the pillow and bundles it up in the corner of the room and lays down next to it. You have a little oil lamp that you can put out. All right. You guys all eventually get to sleep. You get an evening's rest, managing to adjust to the unpleasant smell of somewhat swamp bog water-soaked subterranean inn room, but the night comes and passes. We'll pick up next week as the morning comes to. He's a creepy little fuck. "Gets them everytime, eh?" Thank you, guys! That was fun. Moving right along. Learn from our monk! Yeah, it's good annotation. Nott'll take the Fragment of Probability in the morning. We'll pick this up next Thursday! Also, we're going to have a guest next week. I've told you this a number of times. Thank you. No. We have a guest my brother from another motherland for the past decade in the world of D&D. Some of you may know him from his online D&D stream, High Rollers Mark Hulmes will be in town and joining us as a guest next week. Too bad, he's coming. If we could get it out of him at some point, that'd be great.