Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. And Sam makes noise from his phone over there. Strangely. So a couple things. One, you'll notice that we're down two players tonight. That's because apparently some babies can't wait! So there is currently a new addition to the Critical Role team right now-- (cheering) Super excited. We love you guys so much, seriously. You're amazing, and we look forward to meeting the new one very soon. I'm just saying, then we could've shared a birthday. So anyway, let's get through our announcements real fast. First and foremost, a big thank you to our returning fantastic sponsors of this campaign, D&D Beyond! Sam, if you don't mind. Thank you, Sam. Yep, it is a thing. Congratulations. No. Well, thank you very much, D&D Beyond. Thank you, Sam. A couple other announcements because we're doing this move, there will not a Critical Role or Talks Machina next week. So we'll be missing you guys that week. We'll see you on social media and stuff and having chats to keep us all through our withdrawal that we’ll be suffering, and some of you I'm sure will as well. But we'll be back the week after that, the second week of July we'll be picking up with the Talks Machina of tonight's episode, then hosted by our fantastic Brian W. Foster. Then the following Thursday, the following episode, in which we will have a guest, maybe two, joining us. No. I'm not that good at teaching this game. I think language is an important barrier in teaching D&D. Anyway, just so you guys are aware. Also, for those who haven't seen on social media, welcome, we just launched a Kickstarter with our good friends at Steamforged Games. So if you guys don't know, we launched a Kickstarter, it's a short-form Kickstarter for our line of Vox Machina and Mighty Nein miniatures. For those who aren't aware or familiar, we have an entire line of highly detailed, super high quality plastic minis of all of Vox Machina including Trinket, and all of Mighty Nein. There are stretch-- I was going to say stretch goals. There are Kickstarter exclusive rewards that include Pumat Prime for The Mighty Nein, and his three simulacrum! As well as a fantastic Taryon Darrington and Doty for the Vox Machina side. Go ahead and check it out, it's going to be up there for another week or so, I believe. If you can't afford it right now, you can even put a dollar in there and we'll have opportunities down the road hopefully for you to jump in if you missed it the first round. But when it comes down to it, you get eight minis for Vox Machina, you get the Mighty Nein minis as well, another eight minis, with Shakäste involved in there. All the Pumats as well, and the extra bonus features of Tary and Doty, all for $60. Which is a pretty fantastic package for the quality of these and for the collectable aspect of it. If you like it, help make it happen more! It's already exploded, it's nuts. I haven't seen the boxes yet. I should see that. We're super excited about it. You guys have already blown it out of the water. If you haven't had the opportunity, now's the time to jump in and I hope you enjoy them. So I believe that's all the rest of the announcements we have. So let's bring it in to tonight's episode of Critical Role! [groovy Critical Role theme] That was great. So last we left off The Mighty Nein, in making their way northward towards their eventual goal of Shadycreek Run to complete their second mission that they accepted from The Gentleman in Zadash, have been traversing the countryside and made their way to the city of Hupperdook, the largely gnomish cultural city there of industry and currently construction of war machines to send towards the conflict with Xhorhas to the east. There you saw the very hardy work atmosphere of the gnomes, and then the evening very crazy party atmosphere in which many of you dove into a hard drinking contest. You won the title of the Blushing Tankard Tavern, beating out their old champions, and woke up with terrible hangovers, and realizing that most of your gold had been stolen. Upon doing some sleuthing around the town, you had bullied a couple of bullies that were pushing Rissa around, they had been a problem for a while, sent them peeing their pants and rushing. You spoke with Rissa's father in his tinkering inventor's store, in which you discovered a shiny object, a fantastic experimental hand crossbow construct of his that he would be interested in relinquishing without payment if you do him the favor of correcting a mistake he made a while back. Apparently he crafted, on the request of the Starosta of the city, a powerful Gearkeeper, a construct-like entity that was meant to help be a warden within the prison that went crazy, killed a bunch of people and they sealed it off, and it's been there forgotten ever since. You said you'd take a look at this. Eventually you discovered that the money you had lost had been taken by four children, who currently are without parents, who have been living on the streets here in the city of Hupperdook while their folks had been sent to the prison six months before for being caught worshiping unapproved deities within the Empire. You, after having this conversation with them, retrieving your money, and leaving Kiri with them for the time being for safekeeping, decided to see if you had the possibility to prevent them from being sent to an Empire-run orphanage, in the hopes of freeing their parents in some way, shape or form from their binds. That was where we had left off. You guys have stepped out of the butcher home, leaving the kids behind with Kiri, and you are now out in the open streets of Hupperdook, late morning, midday. What would you like to do? Rissa is still with you. "No! I am going to hold onto this. Why would I give it to you?" "I'm not going anywhere, why would I give it to you? This is my bag, I paid for it." Rissa goes, "All right, I can go ahead and lead you to it. Can't say I've been too close to "it, personally, so far. Follow me." Rissa guides you through the rest of the shelf back to the walkway that winds down the front of the mountain to the bottom half of the city of Hupperdook. Lowerdook, if you will. They're with you guys. You can go head that way if you want to call them off, unless you want to send them on their own wild goose chase. "I could maybe send them a message?" "I do!" "Okay." She quietly tugs on the symbol of the Traveler and goes like, "Okay, Fitz? This is the "girl with the people that were making you angry--" "We... found it so..." "Everything is good!" "I think that's all of it. Go-back-to-work!" "The Traveler is very forgiving." Rissa leads you down this path to the Iron Lot, which is-- you're guided to the basement. You've seen it as you approached and there was the large platform elevator that rose up to the second layer. It's currently not being used; it's locked on the upper floor. As you head into that area, the smokestacks are billowing strongly, business is in the process of being done full-throttle in the understanding that this coming conflict or the now arrived conflict on the eastern side has put everyone into overdrive to prepare whatever sort of equipment or weaponry they can send that direction. Well, from the outside, all you can see, because you haven't been inside any of the warehouses-- There is the Iron Lot and there's the Assembly Yard. The Assembly Yard is the one that's the open space where they're building these large siege engines. You see mobile carts that are either horse-drawn or powered by something you don't quite understand yet that have other large weapons attached to them. Mm-hmm. Yes. So as you are being led down, Rissa's pointing out some elements of it. She goes, "Okay, "so over that side is the Omnismelter." She points over to a cluster of a dozen or so warehouses that are scattered in a spider web-like formation that are connected by a series of hallways between each other and then towards a central piece. She goes, "That there is where most of the foundries of the "city lie. Where all the various mined ingots or those imported are melted down and utilized. The "foreman there is a bit of a tool. There's the Armavault." She points to the far northern side of the mountain base and you see a 25, 30-foot tall by 60-foot across iron door that is solid and jammed into the side of this mountain. It looks like it's very well protected from this glance at the distance. From what you can see, there's maybe two dozen or so crownsguard that are stationed at its base. "That's where most of the funds that are saved for the uses of the city maintain as well as "a number of the not currently being used devices of war. Means of defending the city should it come "under attack, if you will." Points over there. You can see what looks to be where most of this smoke and steam is rising from. There is this one large, two-story black tower that has a single column of fast moving smoke pouring out of it. You can see areas where the smoke seems to be pulsing or darkening and widening at certain places. She goes, "That there is the Underbellows. That's "where they utilize a number of the forges and furnaces for the factories here. They've harnessed "some of the volcanic activity beneath the mountain and that maintains a consistent heat for the "forges. Smells downright awful, to be honest. Over there's the Firemark Facility." She points over to a building that looks a little simpler. It's not super tall and ominous-looking. It's very plain, made of cheap metals. You notice all the buildings here are mostly metal, probably because there's a lot of dealing with heat, fire, sparks, and the last thing you need is any of these things to catch fire. She points, though, to the Firemark Facility and she goes, "This is where they're "developing a majority of certain explosive and black powder-based technologies." "It's called the Firemark Facility." "(chuckles) Most everything is here. Then right over there," and she points to the southern side of the mountain base of the Iron Lot to a smaller doorway. Similar in shape and construction as to the Armavault, but it's a little more localized. Maybe about 15-foot high and about 20-foot wide. "That is the Gearhold Prison. The one you were asking about. The one where my father "done fucked up." "It's-- have you ever seen an automaton where they're made of stone or made of clay?" "Imagine one that's made of metal and gears and blades. Lots of blades." "Blades." "It is covered in Daywalkers, yes." "They do. The whole thing spins, actually. It doesn't have feet." "Basically." "Partially magical and partially clockwork." "The power source is magical, but most of its actual locomotion is done through clockwork "and various internal gears. It's actually quite a marvel to behold. It's just--" "As far as I know. It's not my mastery. It's my daft father's." "He referred to it as the Gearkeeper." "It was designed to be one of the threatening wardens to help quell any sort of "breakouts of the prison. Meant as an intimidation device for those who attempted to rise up against "their captors and possibly be its first initial run to be a defensive sentinel for the city. If "these things worked properly, having five or six of them just rapidly on the outskirts of the city "would probably keep anyone from trying to break in here or make any sort of lawless act in its "boundaries. Unfortunately, they've only made one and it went crazy and killed a bunch of people. So "there's that." "Yeah, that's why I'm trying to fix it." "They sealed it off. They've been trying to get back to it, but there's a lot of distraction "and honestly it's out of sight, out of mind, I think." "As far as I know, yeah. They'd originally had it placed in the bottom floor in one section "which had more of the very violent criminals and killed a bunch of them. Not too bad. Killed a "bunch of guards. That's pretty bad. At the time, they didn't have the manpower to fight it off, so "they sealed the doors and haven't had a problem since." "It's been there for quite some time. A couple years at least, I think. Two or three "years? So if anyone was, they've expired, I'm pretty sure. Sorry." "That's true." Jester leans in to Rissa and goes, "Rissa? Do you have any examples of your father's writing "because I can copy it pretty well." She'll be watching. "I can guarantee you they're not going to have any publicly available blueprints of a prison." "Oh!" "We can certainly ask." You see that spark in her eye of a good idea and then thinking about having to go back to her father she's like (sighs). "No, it's fine. I'll go. I'm used to him. It's okay. Come on." "I imagine he does. I've seen him eat a few." "Probably." "Okay." Fjord kind of leans in and goes, "That's good, Jester." Has been. I have too much in my head right now, guys. It's been a long day. It's fine. Thanks, Baby Willingham. It's been the longest day. All right. Easy enough as you're wandering through the street, following the scents of food that are being cooked in advance of the current lunch hour happening. You hear a few whistles go off in the distance and in that moment, Rissa goes, "We best be hurrying before the rush hits." And you pick up the pace as you start hearing the different steam whistles go off and you watch a lot of the buildings begin to just swarm out with all their workers on their brief lunch break. You manage to stay ahead of most of the wave making their way up to the top shelf of the city, eventually coming to one of the vendors on the outside who is swarmed by about 12 or 13 different gnomes. You wait patiently for about a good 15, 20 minutes or so as they prepare and get all their meat pies ready, sweet pies ready. Sell a few things, a couple of their regulars cut in line in front of you, not paying much attention or caring that you're waiting patiently. But there is a large crowd behind you and you manage to get to the front and the two gnomes that are currently in the process of divvying this up look to the rest of you and go, "Oh, you're a right "interesting team. What brings you here? You looking for pies? We got pies. You want pies?" "Single?" "It's not enough to go around, I can tell you." "All right!" Turns around and pulls out three gnome-sized meat pies which are about that big. "Six gnomish meat pies!" Passes them over. Okay. We'll say for the total of that, it's maybe a silver. Because you were rushing to get the pies, make a perception check with disadvantage at this distance. Seven. You have no idea. You have your meat pies. You want to make your way over back to the Tinkertop. All right. So you have one ready. You guys snack as you walk along. Interesting point of noticing, as you guys come by, you do see a familiar sight for you and for those who've been in the Empire for a bit. You're familiar with this as well, Nott and Caleb. You see a crew. It's two crownsguard that are flanking one figure you see wearing a black cloak with gold trim that goes just past the shoulders. It's almost like a shawl or a um... brain escapes the term. But it's like a short cloak. These are the tithe collectors. They're referred to colloquially as Reapers behind their back, but you see them exiting one home and moving onto the next door and knocking. A ways away, but they're present. It seems that the time of year has come, the every-six-month window seems to be coming or has arrived. Nevertheless, you travel with meat pie in hand, eventually making your way back to Tinkertop Inventions, the door still partially ajar. You see the faint light of the two lanterns in the back as you enter, and there in the back you see, in the process of sketching something down, your good friend, Mastermaker Cleff Tinkertop. "Ah, you've returned! "Certainly good to see you! What can I help you with?" "Oh, that's so kind! Thank you so much!" "Rissa, for your old pops, did you?" She's like, "Well, it was sort of a group decision. Hope "you like it, Dad." "It's cold, but tasty. Anyway." He takes it and starts eating it, stuffing it in chunks through his gnomish maw, getting bits of the gravy dripping off of the chin. "Plenty! I built the thing myself. Don't worry!" "Oh, I've already got it. Don't worry there, friend. I'll be right back!" Turns around and disappears behind a-- You hear some rustling and some things falling over. A couple of banging noises, and then you hear a (clattering), "Damn it." "Yeah, I can hear you, just so you're aware. I'm right next to you, little one." A moment later, Cleff returns, clutching an armful of rolled pieces of paper and prints and parchment and goes, "Here's about everything I've got on the thing." Throws it down in front of you, some of it unrolls. There's various stages of design, the breakdown of the mechanics and the interior of this. It's extremely intricate and very impressive clockwork. Roll an intelligence check. Caleb, you are the one who is the most proficient with understanding systems. If you could make an intelligence check for me as well, both you and Molly, since Molly was the first to grab them. You both take a moment and look over it. One, it's all written in Gnomish. Do either of you guys understand Gnomish as a language? Secondly, a lot of the blueprints are in shorthand, and the design work-- while it's very beautiful to see-- the actual sketching of each stage of its construction and the interior mechanisms about it are very beautiful, it is very intricate. Paying attention to it and looking it over, the best you can ascertain is there is a core. There is some sort of a device that powers it. Through the notes around it, it's supposed to power for about 200 years before it needs replacing. However, around it is layer after layer of metallic iron rings that are joined at certain hinge points so they can spin and shift in the inside like a gyroscope. Yes. It's not impossible if you pull enough of the armor away, which is the next stage, the layers of armor. There's three different layers of articulated armor that can shift and move because on the inside there are about a dozen bladed arms that, at any given point in time, can fold out of the armor and strike like small scythes or sickles and then retract inside. "That's certainly not the first time I've heard that!" "I mean, that's possible. Oh, curses! I should've thought of some way of a fail-safe to "prevent that from happening. Well, next design! Next design, it'll be dispel-proof. Thank you for "that! You're a good--" "I imagine to a certain extent. There is a base level of insulation from impactful or various "magical intrusions that could affect the core, that I did think of. But there's only really one. "I should've put three." He starts making notes feverishly. "The front and back is--" Dervish! That's a great pirate word, dervish! He looks to you and goes, "There is, kind of." He goes through one of the papers and pulls it open and there are plates of the armor-- certain plates that fold up from the inside. They open and there is a small lens, like a crystal-type lens, that recesses on the inside when it's moving and then seems to push out from it to see. "Depending on the terrain, probably. If it's flat-walled surfaces, it's not designed for "climbing. It's designed for intimidation and slaughtering. Perhaps my design was a bit "unfocused for the reason they asked me to build it, but, ah! Next time. Climbing? I don't know, "probably not." "As far as I know, no, but it moves very fast." "Maybe. They're made of a very thick crystalline substance that had to be imported from "up north from the remnants of one of the old elven societies there that specialized in making strong "crystal." "Maybe." Starts writing down more notes. "Make sure lens can't be obscured in a future design." "No, I built it here!" "Oh, right." "No, unfortunately, they keep us away from all of that for security reasons. So I couldn't "help people break in or out. Like now. That would've been very helpful. Sorry." "I don't think they're going to let me in." "Maybe." He looks at Rissa. "Rissa, would you mind bringing your old pops with you?" She's like, "Only to the door, Dad, then you can come back." She glares over the two of you. "If that's "necessary." "Fine, come along, then. We'll close up behind, get your keys." "Oh, I haven't been down "for a proper walk with friends in some time, I'm so excited!" He takes the last bit of meat pie and shoves it in his mouth real fast. (unintelligible shouting) Jester goes, "This entire time you've been holding out on delicious molasses?" "Are you sure?" (as Fjord) "Yeah, how much you carrying?" (as Fjord) "Pie-chucker." Rissa goes, "I mean, tar is not uncommonly used in some of the industrial districts down in "the Iron Lot." "Well, the forge masters, they're mainly in metalwork. As far as tar use, that's going to be "down in the Iron Lot, and that's going to be-- you're on your own there." Fjord goes, "If only we knew someone around here who is pretty decent with fire." "Why thank you. I appreciate you being so forthright and appreciative, Caleb." "I have no idea what the hell you're talking about." You just broke the Prismatic Wall. At this point, as you guys are having this awkward conversation, Cleff is rushing around grabbing a coat and grabbing some other things, filling the inside of his apron with various tools and utensils, "Oh, I can probably use that. All right, I think I'm ready to come with you." You all step outside, and you get about 30 or so feet before you see Cleff’s pace is slowing. He takes another step and keeps looking around. "It's been a while. It's starting to get a little warm." Rissa is like, "He's kind of a-- "what's the term?" "Agoraphobic, if you will. He's a bit iffy on the outside. Are you sure you're all right, Dad? You can still stay." "No, no, it's fine. I want to hang out with my friends here. (nervous laugh)" "I don't-- I've never had a drink. I don't need a drink, but thank you." "Well I--" and looks over. You all get really close to him. He's like, "Oh, this is really warm. This is a lot of attention." "Oh, all right." (muffled yelp) In a comforting way. (laughter) He takes it and pulls it over his head. "All right," and he, "Let's go (nervous chuckle)." And is like, "One step, two step." He's basically Bill Murray in What About Bob? at this point. He's concentrating on each step he makes going forward. It's slowing you down a little bit, but he's making it forward. Rissa is like, (exasperated groan). You eventually make your way, further and further. "You know, if I have learned anything it is that you are full of surprises. So by all means." Rissa looks. "Iron Lot's most likely. I'll keep an eye out, follow me." She leads you guys down the switchback path, once more down to the Iron Lot, the bottom shelf of the city. There, upon keeping an eye out, Rissa is looking back and forth. On the outskirts of the Firemark Facility she's like, "No, I don't think they're going to do much as far as tar goes. Honestly, a lot of it's "probably based somewhere in the Assembly Yard. That's where they're making the bigger constructs "and having to piece together wood exteriors." "No, it's on the northern side of the bottom shelf." She leads you guys over to the outskirts, and there is a big fence that wraps around the Assembly Yard, where a lot of these thin standing, skeletal towers of metal are placed against some constructs that are in partial levels of construction. Others are empty and not currently in use. Other ones seem to have been near completion, and they're in the process of preparing and breaking down the various siege engine for transport to the east. Who's keeping an eye out to see if there’s anything that could be used like tar? Who's looking for this? All right, make a perception check, please. 18, not too bad. You take about five minutes or so to case the vicinity, and looking between the gate, you can see, two towers over, there is one partially constructed, wide bolt-thrower cart that only has one that's currently bolted to it. You see that they're taking leather elements and tarring them around the edges to prevent any sort of impacts from splintering the wood that's carrying it. It looks like from there, they go with a leather case and put metal over that and bolt it down. But in the process they do have what looks to be a couple of small pails that have some thick, black, tar-like substance that they're putting around the edges. There's probably, within current view of the open portion of this side of the Assembly Yard, about 20 or so workers that are in the middle of focusing on their work at hand. But it's in an open space, with maybe 20 to 30 feet open between each project tower. So, it's pretty open. You'd have to be creative. Correct. As you do so, (vibrating ring) across it, Rissa goes, "Ah!" And you look at the nearby tower, maybe 25 or 30 feet ahead to the north of you, one of the gnomes at the top of the tower is currently hammering away at one of the large constructs, siege tower-like structures. Looks over, pulls the goggles up, "Hello?" "Piss off." Puts the goggles down. (hammering) The nearest-- the one little part of the yard that they're currently using this material is about 60 feet away from you. 60 to 70 from your immediate guess at a glance. Okay. Make an investigation check. Ten. You take the ten minutes to look through, but this part of the gate is pretty solidly locked in. It's about six and a half, seven feet tall, and it's just metal bars with almost a cross-lattice of even thinner metal strips that are about a quarter-inch thick. The openings are about that big, so you can still see through like portholes, but it's not quite large enough for most of you to slip through. You might be able to if you're careful and squeeze, since you're small enough. Gnomes, and you see a handful of dwarves, but the dwarves seem to be mostly doing oversight, supervision. So you complete your spell ritual. You summon your Unseen Servant. At which point, Cleff goes, "Oh! We're going to see a performance." And the range on that is-- It cannot get more than 60 feet than you, right? Okay. So, what are the two of you doing? All right. So-- There are large metal poles incrementally, about every 12 or so feet. In between there it looks like there are cross lattices of an inch wide and a quarter-inch thick metal bars that weave across to form the fence. Probably not. All right. You guys are prepared? I would like you to make an acrobatics check with advantage because you're being aided by Yasha. Ten. As you reach down, grabbing the foot of Mollymauk, with one big (grunt) you lift him, and he tosses in the air, gracefully, arms out, almost like a reverse swan dive into the air. You land and (impact). (groaning) You manage to do so, but it lacks the presentational and grace element of it. Make a performance check, but with disadvantage from the impact. 15, okay. Still pretty good. So in spite of the (strained) impact, you slowly stagger back up to the top, balance yourself. All right, you're turning it around. It's starting to work into your advantage. As this is happening, Schmidt is slowly dragging, on its own, the Unseen Servant is dragging this bucket three feet at a time (scraping). None seem to be noticing the bucket at the moment, but you do see about three or four that are looking over at this very colorful, flashy, performing, nearly wracked tiefling who is in the process of juggling swords in the air and doing a series of completely spontaneous performance art for no reason. You see two of the nearby workers start looking over confused, start talking to each other. You can hear the muttering. One of them runs off to one of the supervisor dwarves who's about 80 to 100 feet off to go tell him what's happening. He looks over and eventually you hear, as Schmidt is getting closer and closer, the bucket of tar is maybe 20 feet from the fence-line, and you hear a voice go, "Hey! Hey! What are you doing!? Get down from there! Get-- go "on, get, get, get!" Straight acrobatics for this. (flipping) (impact) Landing right onto Yasha's shoulders. She catches you there, and you're still, from their perspective you jumped off of the fence and landed behind the fence, and are-- Make a deception check. Nine, okay. It's not that they don't buy it, they're just more caught off-guard by your presence, and not listening to the words you're saying. The one supervisor who keeps rushing forward goes, "You "know, lad, you don't have permission. Show me your--" At which point you see Cleff, looking nervously, steps forward and goes, "Hello there. Cleff Tinkertop, we're all right. They're with "me." The dwarf comes to a slow jog, to a stop, and goes, "Cleff, what the fuck are you doing down "here?" Schmidt drags the bucket about 15 feet off to the side, and it is near the base of the fence. Okay. Yes, they are looking. It's about 15-20 feet to the left, but they're currently focused on your group, which is gathered at the edge of the yard where they assemble all of their very powerful military weapons. Right, so it was about 30 feet, we'll say. So are you attempting to-- All right. It's actually right now, with that final scoot from Schmidt, it's right up against the fence on the opposite side. Okay. At this point, the dwarf rushes up to the edge and peers through and goes, "So, strange "arrivals you got here, Cleff, and a couple of loonies diving off the outside of our very "well-protected fence, but sure. Cleff, what's your business with these assholes?" He's like, "We're "making our way to try and make right some mistakes I've made, certainly, hopefully." He glances through with a bit of a tightened gaze and goes, "All right. Well, just keep them off my fence." Turns around and starts walking back to his post. Make a sleight of hand check to see if you can make the right timing and do so swift enough to where nobody seems to notice. With that, as soon as the dwarf turns around and all the rest of the workers go right back simultaneously, seeing that this encounter is over, turn back to their work. (whooshing) Without a sound, rises over the fence and is now at your disposal on the opposite end. (laughter) Rissa goes, "All right, that's the first part of it. What's next?" She takes it and slowly puts it inside. It will fit in the larger one, so it slips inside the bag. She closes it. "Okay. Are you sure it won't turn over?" MARISHA and "I don't want to ruin my bag." "I paid good money for it, and it's so pretty." Carefully hands it to Yasha. Rissa continues pushing you now away from the Assembly Yard, back into the Iron Lot, and towards the exterior of the Gearhold Prison. There, on the outside of this doorway, there's about a dozen crownsguard, mostly gnomish, two human. It looks like they're both currently decorated with a bit more detail, probably sent from the capital, or at least are given a little more of import to the outside of this guarding post. As you approach, you can see these large metal doors. There are two of them, and they open in the center, and there are a set of smaller doors built in the base of each of the sides. As you approach, some of the crownsguard look over curiously at this interesting, wayward group making their way towards the outside. Three of them begin to approach, and one of the humans in the more intricate crownsguard uniform approaches, throwing the cloak over his shoulder, and you can see his hand resting on the handle of his now-sheathed sword. "Hey, who goes there? What is your business?" Cleff pulls the hood back a bit and goes, "Hello." Guy takes a moment and looks. Make a persuasion check with advantage, because Cleff is helping you. The guard steps back a bit, looks you over. "All right. Hold tight a second, I'm going to "summon the warden. Just a moment." He steps to one of the small doors that opens, and he disappears inside. There's the two large main doors, about 15 feet tall, about 20 foot wide, and then there's smaller doors, normal person-sized, almost gnomish-sized, doors built into it from that point. You actually watch as the human crownsguard has to duck a little bit to go through the smaller door frame. He's gone for about five minutes or so, and then returns and says, "The Wardenhelm "would wish to speak to you, if you wouldn't mind stepping inside. Don't mind the escort; it's "common business." It's Wardenhelm Poppin Drokrusher. Poppin Drokrusher. He's like, "Gnomish names." At that point, you guys are led inside the dark interior. As soon as you step into the shadow of the entryway of this prison, you go from the industrial and somewhat colorless Iron Lot that you've been traveling through to this very low-lit, reddish, almost oxidized iron interior that is just shadow and torches. You can see these large support beams of metal put against the rock and stone that has been carved out of the interior of the mountain. It's just one long hallway that splinters off into a number of hallways to the right and left before it reaches the outside of your current visual range to make any more detail out of it. At this point, as you enter, about five more of the crownsguard follow behind you and keep you all as a small pack traveling. At this point, he begins to move forward and gestures for you all to follow, saying, "This way." Leads you down the hall, scooting to the right and heads to the right at the very first branching hallway of the interior of the prison. Heading further down, there's a few doors that are open, and on the inside they appear to be empty, or there's a few other guards. On the interior, you don't see much in the way of crownsguard, you see a different type of guard. Similar garb, but more drab, and you get the sense that they're-- this is an internal prison guard, this isn't part of the paid, trained, citywide guard. These are the interior Hupperdook prison guards. No more than maybe another 40 or so feet down, there's a doorway that's open that leads into an office. On the inside of this office, which itself is also super darkly lit, you see two ember torches that give this very dull red glow on the inside of the room, so it has this somewhat ominous and dreary interior presence to it as you step into this chamber. The desk is facing away from you, and there you see an older and grizzled gnome, who is in the process of wearing these series of robes and cloak over him with these gold-colored tassels and epaulets that shoot off the sides, seems to be giving out an air of station and importance, even though it's just in the process of filing what looks to be either prison transfers or people that have been arrested and figuring out who's to be put in here and why, or whose business is going to come to an end soon. He's in the process of shuffling through papers before turning around to you and goes, "All right, so, you have come to my "prison." Stands up and turns around to you, clicking his feet together as he does so at attention, arms crossed. "Hello. I'm the Wardenhelm Poppin. You have bothered me from my "work, and I would like to know why." As you look at him, you can see his hair has receded almost entirely to the back, and what bits of clustered gray hair on the sides he’s currently attempted to slick and comb back, and one large part of it is trying to cover the massive bald spot, but as he spins around and talks to you, with any sort of movement it wobbles and has to settle itself back into place. "Respectful. I appreciate that." Rissa has backed away to the doorway and is like-- and doesn't want any part in this. "Wait, what are you--" And he looks over towards the cloaked gnomish figure to the side. "What?" He leans forward, and as the cloak is pulled back, Cleff reveals his face a bit. He goes, "Hello there. It's been a while. How are you doing, Poppin?" He's like, "Interesting riffraff "you're bringing to my home this day." "I was referring to Cleff! Cleff, why do you come and bother me with my day's work? What do you "want? You're saying something about your little mistake, your problem?" He looks at Cleff. "Is this true?" Cleff nods. "Actually, yes. I know it's been a problem "for a while and I figured, about time I cleaned up that mess myself, if you don't mind." The Wardenhelm stops for a second and looks amongst the rest of you. "Right, okay. You have what "appears to be an interesting crew of exterminators you've brought to me. What do you want from me? I "assume you have come here for trade or for looking for some sort of recompense. I would like to know "what that is before we move further into this. No one steps inside here wishing to do us, how you "say? Charity work." Make a persuasion check with advantage, with aiding from Beau and a very persuasive argument, actually. Oh, buddy. "Well, perhaps we can discuss, but I would like to see possibly this deed you wish to do done "first. I do not wish to talk contracts with those who are about to die, if you know what I'm saying." "Very well." He looks past you to the escort of guards that have followed you in. "Lead them to "the subterranean sealed chamber. Allow them to encounter our issue, and should they survive, "return them to me with proof of the deed. Should they not survive, we will not speak of this ever "again. Good luck. I will be here waiting to hear of your successful endeavor. Now, leave me to my "work." He goes and sits back down in his chair. Cleff and Rissa balk there as you guys are having this conversation. Rissa goes, "If it's not "a problem, I'll stay here with my dad and we'll just wait to hear what happens. We're not much in "the way of charging into the fray." Of course. Cleff pushes past and goes, "But before you go, I just want once more to express my "extreme gratitude for your putting yourself out there for my well-being. A Tinkertop never forgets "these deeds, and should you return safely, I will be in your debt." He bows and the cloak (thumps) onto the ground,and he goes, "Oh." He picks it back up and bows a little less this time. "Be careful?" "Oh, it doesn't have feet. It rolls." You guys currently have a group of six crownsguard from the outside and a couple of prison guards that will lead you there. Jester goes, "Well, don't die, and if you fall over, I'll try to get you not on the ground anymore." How is she out of spells? You guys took a long rest. She used two Locate Objects, I know that. They're 2nd-level, I think. Isn't it? Yeah, Locate Object is 2nd-level. She's used two 2nd-level spells. So we'll mark those in there. If she had another, it's fine. She's not here to keep track. Well, it only lasts for a minute. The guards have led you away from that end of the chamber, down the hall, back to the main hallway that enters deeper into the Gearhold Prison. Following that down for another 80 or so feet, that main open hallway comes to an end, and there are a number of other small hallways that protrude. The guards lead you down the one on the left. You can see two immediately that branch off on the far end of that main open way. That left-side pathway leads to a set of stairs that spirals down to a second floor. Then a third floor. Then a fourth floor. The fourth floor is the bottom of these stairs, and you're now probably guessing, from the time it's taken you to descend the spiral staircase, maybe an additional 100 to 120 feet below the entrance and the actual level base of the mountain. At this point, you continue down a hallway and there are cells to your right and left. As you enter the space, the cells are very well-fortified, and behind the bars, in the dark, dark red ember-like torchlight that faintly glows and lights elements of this hallway, as you continue down, you can see shapes, humanoid shapes locked behind bars, of all shapes and sizes. As you begin to pass one on the right, you watch as a figure lurches up to the bars, pushes up to the edge, and what faint bit of red light you can see illuminating a face that looks scarred by a large, heavy clawmark down one side, the eye glued shut from the healing process. You see this toothy, rotten grin underneath as a nasty smell of breath emanates from its heavy breathing, and as you pass by, it says, "Hey. Are you going to come back, are you? Where are you going? Where "are you going? Come back!" And you walk past. One of the guards takes their shortsword and clangs it across the metal and goes, "Keep back, keep back." To what name? Schuster? Okay. You listen. Make a perception check. Okay. You listen out, and you hear a few voices chuckle and some shifting of people that are now making their way to the front of the cell to see what this arriving group of strangers is, but nothing out of the expected ordinary reacting to that name. A few other figures push their way to the face, and you can see men and women, you can see decrepit half-elves that look poorly nourished. You can see humans that look like they've smeared themselves with their own foul excrement. You can see a whole nature of people that are in the process of dealing with being locked down here in the subterranean basement level of this prison. And then, at the end, you come to what looks to be an iron door that is currently sealed shut, with what looks to be rung after rung after rung of chains pulled through, across bars, locked with three padlocks. The main guard sitting there goes, "Aye, it is." He pulls out a ring of keys. "When we sealed it." "About a little over two years ago." "It leads down, splits in the middle, and has two more sets of cells in the back side." "I don't know." "Damn right." With that, one latch, and one lock comes free, pulls it off, and hands it to the guard. Second lock, comes free. You take a moment to concentrate on it. All right. So with that, the bucket of tar is now being held aloft from the floating, spectral Mage Hand that Nott is controlling. Correct. Correct. Correct. All right. So being careful not to destroy the bucket itself, which, while it is made of metal, you're uncertain of its structural integrity, but you do focus on a little, slow burn of this flame, controlling the Fire Bolt to be a gradual burn. As you do, you watch as the metal iron of the bottom of this bucket begin to heat to a dull orange, into a brighter orange. And after a few moments of concentrating, you can see a faint (bubbling). The tar seems to be heating and to a fairly more liquidy consistency than its rather cold and more solid form that you found it in. (laughs) At which point the third lock comes off. The guards begin pulling the chains through the various loops until eventually the door is exposed, (creaking) opens. And on the inside, there's a few steps that descend into what looks to be a double door beyond that. One of the doors is partially opened and it is darkness with a faint red glow beyond that. "There's probably some light, but it wouldn't hurt to bring your own, especially for "that one." And points to Caleb. So as Fjord touches the front of his chest armor, you watch as the cold air solidifies, getting this mist and bits of ice crystal protruding from his leather armor. You got it. As all of you are ushered past the metal door, the guards all gather on the opposite side, and the lead guard of the unit goes, "Very well. May the Platinum Dragon guide you." Closes the door and you hear the chains on the opposite side being locked, as you all turn back, looking down the six or seven feet of descending stairs before it levels into the double doors, partially opened and the darkness beyond. And that's where we're going to take a quick break. Well, we're going to dive into that, just because if we go into a battle, it might take a little while. We'll take the break now, before that, and then we can dive into it immediately as we return. Perfect. Shiny blade balls are easy to talk to. All righty, guys. So, we'll be back here in a few minutes, we're going to take a five or ten minute break to get ourselves comfy, (like Rissa) "food, water, and other releases of functions." And we'll see you guys here in just a moment, so hang tight in the chat if you want to. We'll have a couple of fun videos to watch, and once again, if you haven't seen the Kickstarter of these awesome minis, you can go to critrole.com for all that information. They have the links there to the Kickstarter. The guys at Steamforged have done an amazing job and we hope you like them. All right, we'll see you here in a few minutes. [break] Indeed. So welcome back. Coming back into the game. You have all descended down and reached the double doors, partially open, and stepped quietly into the interior chamber of this sealed portion of the Gearhold Prison. There is what looks like a faint flicker of those same ember-light torches that give off faint bits of red glow, but a number the walls seem to have been damaged. Actually, as you step inside, you get a quick look. The doors that are behind you and the walls around you are scraped and gashed from hundreds and hundreds of blade marks. It looks like whatever in here has spent a lot of time grinding around and looking of a means of escape or patrolling with its blades out over and over again. Parts of the walls have fallen in a bit and there is rubble in areas where it's starting to erode away the interior of this sealed chamber. But everywhere you look to the right, left, and along the ground all you see are hundreds and hundreds of blade-like grooves in the stone. Without your massive intelligence roll, you weren't able to discern that information, unfortunately. That is a 2nd-level spell, if I recall. Both of them? Okay. Over here? All right. It is a set of prison bars. There is a gate that is currently locked. The bars themselves, once again, you can see rows and rows of gashes and scrapes across the metal. They're bowed in a bit from impacts repeatedly. It's slightly bent inward. You can attempt to pick a lock, if you'd like. Go ahead and roll. That's proficiency bonus plus dexterity. A 14. (clicking) It's not triggering the lock. These are not easy locks to get through. They're designed to hold prisoners, unfortunately, so they're fairly hardy locks. You spend a while with it and are unable to hit those tumblers. It looks like it's not going to open. Make a perception check as you're looking through the bars. All right. Not with that perception roll, no. You see bits of rock. You see some cloth on the ground, that's it. Yasha, you have the torch right? No, Caleb has the torch. Start scooting this way? Yeah. These are the painted prototypes to give you a little bit of a glance of what these will look like. There are a few changes for the final designs, of course, but these will give you an idea. All righty. There's Molly on that side. Caleb, as you hold the torch up at the bars and look through, make a perception check with advantage. As you're following off Nott's lead and it's small chamber, you can make out quite a bit of detail. Good. Glancing inside, you see that whatever scrape marks that mar the interior of this main chamber, there are none within this cell. Whatever this creature, this Gearkeeper construct is, it did not manage to breach these gates. However, on the opposite side you see three different bed set-ups for prisoners. Some that seem, either they were trying to claw their way out, or the impact of slamming on the other walls caused bits of it to fall in and collapse. There are piles of stone and fallen earth on the other side. You see three skeletons. They look like they've been decomposing for quite some time. Probably prisoners that couldn't escape, and had no other way out. Make a perception check. Your dark vision is 60 feet correct? You can just make out the details of another interior chamber. Looking within, portions of the walls inside are also equally scraped apart. Edges of the fine, well-set stonework have been marred with repeated gashes all over. It looks like beyond that there was another prison cell, but those bars have been breached, as they are currently bent, gnarled, and twisted and pulled out of place. The cell beyond it appears to be open. Anybody else moving anywhere? The door is open but there are bars on this. Yes, and it's partially bent inward from the impact. It looks like it sustained quite a bit of brunt force to it over time. Make an intelligence check, Caleb, if you don't mind. 15. Okay. You were referring. I believe, to the spell Arcane Lock, right? Yep. It can still be forced open; it's just a higher DC to do so. It's possible, but it makes it a much harder door to break through. You have a valid point to what you're saying, yes. Go for it. Make a perception check. Seven? Unfortunately, even with your darkvision, it's hard to look past that way. You can see another chamber. At your current vantage point, it's a little bit out of the way. It looks like there's not enough information. You'd have to get a little closer to make out the details. There are some piles of rubble and portions of the walls that have collapsed inwards. So, what are you guys doing? Yasha, where are you moving to? Right here? Beau, you're moving over here as well? It's going to be hard to hide and climb it as well. We can do about there, as good as we can get, there. Molly, are you staying there? She doesn't yet. So where are you sending Frumpkin? Moving back in the corner with Beau and Yasha. Right about there, we'll say. You begin to focus and Frumpkin heads to the right side of the fork into the chamber you've already looked into, towards the open cell doors that are currently pried off that archway. As Frumpkin glances past, make a stealth check for Frumpkin. That's okay. Rolled a 15? Okay. LIAM. Yeah. Let's go with that. All right. Frumpkin glances inside this busted cell and sees-- what I’m using as an interpretation of-- a large spherical metal object that's about eight feet diameter on any side. It looks like a series of overlapping metal plates that look clustered together at odd angles. Elements of it look scraped and dented. It looks like it's been doing some serious damage to it over time. As it sits there, resting, and Frumpkin approaches, you watch one of the tiny little metal plates (squeak) open, a lens pokes out towards Frumpkin, withdraws back in. The plate closes and about six of these long blade-like spider legs stick out of it as it pulls back and begins to roll forward at a very extreme pace. It rolls forward. Frumpkin just manages to bamf out of this dimension as the object slams into the opposite wall. You guys feel the entire chamber suddenly (crash) from the impact and you hear this scraping of metal in the distance. It rolls across the way and disappears into the other chamber. Go ahead and make a stealth check, please. Nott, where do you want to go? Here? You do hear the same object shifting on the other side. 15? Okay. Nott, as you're there at the edge, and Beau's there. You glance in, now that you guys are close enough you can see shifting in there. You pay attention and you can see this other chamber is open with another cell off to the side. It slams into that door, spins around, and one of the lenses peeks around the corner right at where Beau had just moved into the far corner. Where's Fjord going? Because we're about to go into combat. Jester can back up there. I need all of you to roll initiative. You throw the ball bearings out clattering. As that happens, the legs, which are still out, rear backward and they retract as it runs itself rolling forward in your direction, ricocheting off that wall. The ball bearings, as it grinds across the bottom, get fired off like small impact bullets from the grinding of the metal plates and the force of it hitting. I need both Nott and Beau to make dexterity saving throws. 21. Not with advantage. Just a single roll. You guys both manage to just duck out of the way, they don't seem to hit you. It's only a handful of them that upon the impact of it hitting stone and being pressured beneath, they shoot off in your direction. Initiative rolls, guys. Roll for yourself, Beau, and then roll for Jester and Fjord as well. 25 to 20? 25 to 20 anybody? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? All right. Ten to five? Caleb and Jester are in the same-- Seven, got it! Top of the round, as you see it come riding and curve around the corner and slam into that wall, the stone bends inward even further and bits of the masonry flake and fall off to the ground, clattering and small bits of stone. It turns, and you can see now the six spider-like blade legs sticking out of it. Six more shoot out of the top of it, and all begin whirling around and begin spinning. There, amongst this chaos, you see the lens sitting right there, just barely peeking through its armored shell. Yasha, you're up first. All righty. (counting) You just barely get into its range with your barbarian speed. You rush in, anger on your face. You draw your Magician's Judge blade in the air. 11, unfortunately, does not hit. Your blade scrapes across its armored exterior, not finding purchase in any of its innards. The first attack that hits. Correct. Yeah, you get that every round. 21 hits! Roll damage. You roll 2d6 for the weapon, 3d6 for the Divine Fury. Oh no, it’s additional half your level. 2d6 plus three, right? 12, and then your rage damage, which is two. Well no, it’s the first attack that hit. That’s what I’m saying. You get Divine Fury for this hit because your first one hit, this one does get it. Okay. With that-- The first strikes off. The second one you bring down. The blade carves down and one of its metal arms bends off to the side. The blade digs into the gears. Yasha’s blade finds its way in. Sparks go streaking off and the blade gets jettisoned off. You have to hold it before it gets shot off the side of it, the clockwork pushing it out of its innards. The armor plate clicks over and guards its space. It looks like it’s bent back a bit. That ends Yasha’s turn. Fjord is up next. The "robit" is a-hexed. You have a concentration on Fjord for this. Like a from-the-hip-shotgun. I like it. That’s two shots. Fire twice. Seven plus eight, 15? You fire, the blast hits and disperses against the armor. It does not hit. 20? 20 does hit. Roll a d10 plus four plus another d6 for Hex. Not a d4, plus four damage to whatever you roll on the d10. The second one does manage to pierce some of its armor. Within the interior of it, there’s a flash of green on the inside. You see it curl around from the interior, looking like cracks in the armor are suddenly glowing and then no more. That finishes Fjord’s action and bonus action. Is Fjord going to stay where he is? Beau doesn’t go yet because it’s now the Gearkeeper’s turn. That’s okay. That’s all right. Beginning of its turn, it’s going to attempt to roll over Yasha to go into the chamber. Yasha, you need to make an athletics or acrobatics check. You’re raging, so you have advantage on your acrobatics check. No. First off, you suffer-- Seven points of piercing damage as it rolls over and the blades kick into you. It is halved. An additional three points of bludgeoning damage as you are crushed beneath its weight, and you are knocked prone. It was seven before three. So it’ll be ten halved, so you take five points of damage. It does roll past here, stopping at this point. It’d be about here, I think. As it spins in this direction, the things that drew its attention originally, which is Beau and Nott in that corner. Nott, you do get an attack of opportunity with a melee weapon, if you have one, but you have your crossbow out? So yeah, you don’t do much of an attack there. Roll an attack. Improvised weapon for a melee. 18 just hits. You get a point of damage on it. Your hand crossbow, as you slam into it, you look back and it looks like some of the wood is splintered somewhat. You’re like, "Oh." It’s not enough to the point where it looks like it’s not going to function, maybe, but it’s going to need some repairs. Well, there you go. As it turns around, the front of it, where the lens is, the lens retracts in. The plates in front suddenly open, leaving this open, black, vacuous space, like a mouth or a gate, opens in front. You hear this very high, whirring, winding sound. You see sparks inside, and a blast of heated shrapnel shoots outward in a 30 foot spray. Against both of you, right there. I need you both to make a dexterity saving throw, please. Success, so you take half damage. That is 25 points of piercing damage to you Nott. Correct. Now you know about the reactions. Of piercing damage, and halved for you, so you take 12. Its shrapnel blast is done. That’s the end of its turn. That brings us to Beau. You’re up. Over this way? Yasha’s prone on the ground. Oh, so around here? You’re moving into melee? Got it. Go for it. Ten misses. The first strike with your staff just scrapes off of its armor, no impact. The second one, you strike again. This time, one of the blades swings outward, and thankfully, the blade doesn’t hit the staff to cut the wood, however, it does, the backhand, impact it and prevent the blow from actually striking its body. That’s not fun. You go and punch the armored sphere. Go for it. It just misses. Well, not so much a miss. You hit it, but you go (metallic clang), "Oh!" You can feel that from the knuckles right to the funny bone. From there, you have ten feet. Okay. Finishing Beau’s turn, that brings us to Nott and Molly-- Its lens appears to be out currently, just surveying the scenario, yes. I’ll say, for the purposes of aiming on this, with your intention, go ahead and make a d20 attack roll adding your perception bonus. 17! I’ll say, for the purposes of that, because it’s not armor you’re trying to strike through, it’s just trying to aim for a position, that will be enough. The tar, with a toss, (splashing) all across the lens. You see the sticky, still warm, thick tar spray onto it, and get inside the interior of its armor for the moment. The lens starts (swift movements), and you hear what previously was, now that it’s close to you, you can hear there’s hundreds and hundreds of small clicks and winding sounds on the inside. There’s now a rapid (zipping movements) as the lens is trying to find some sort of direction. It is currently blinded. (cheering) Technically, you are ten feet from it. The blades have a bit of reach, so you are technically in melee. You can use your action to disengage, yeah. Disengage generally is an action. Which direction? All right. You can get there. You can go one more, if you want to. All right, there you go. You can still keep it in your visual range, but that’s 30 feet back. Now you spin around with your crossbow, not suffering any attack of opportunity. All right, Molly. You may, yes. Well, you can try and inspect. At the moment, it hasn’t taken a lot of damage, and it’s hard to see if any-- The only plate that’s open is the one that has the lens visible, but it’s really close to the body and right now there’s blades spinning in its space. At the moment, not really. It’s still fresh in battle, and its armor plates are pretty much protecting all of it. Where are you going to attack its construction? Oh, with the lollipop? All righty. You’re going to be right there, on top of the door? All righty, take your attacks. Nice! Make your damage on that and roll the second attack. That’s-- 17 points of damage. Nice! Correct. 12 does not, but first strike carves through and some of the armor bends inward. As you cut through, plates bend inward, and have to try and retract to protect, but they’re locked in place. You’ve actually bent them to the point where they cannot reform this armored mesh. It’s trying to correct itself, but busted in place. The second strike, as you come down, one of the blades catches and parries it off to the side. No impact on the second blow. Go for it. 14 does not hit. This is a tough mother. You go to strike a third time. You do hit, but it just doesn’t cut through. The blade shakes a bit. You pull back, cursing yourself. For those questioning, even though it is blinded, it lowers its attack, because some people are like, "Attacking things with blindness have advantage!". Because it is nothing but a spinning, whirring of blades, and technically it has multiple forms of sight, it is not granting advantage on the attacks against it. All righty. You try and move this way? All right, you’re hopping up this edge. Okay, so that will be probably over here, best you can for this. You manage to scoot yourself up to that side and climb away. It does swing out towards you. It does have disadvantage on the attack because of the blindness. That will bring it to a 13 to hit. You manage to duck out of the way. That ends your turn there. That brings us to Caleb and Jester. No, it is surrounded. There's Beau to one part of it, it's about ten feet from Yasha, and about 15 feet from Molly. Strength save. That is a 15. What is your DC? Five points of damage, got it. It is held in place. That it does. That ends your turn, Caleb. Are you going to stay back in the corner where you are? You are backed up into the current corner, as far away as you can get. That ends Caleb's turn. Jester's up. What are you guys doing with Jester? That was 15 to hit? That does not hit. The lollipop swings down, and then bounces down off the armor. The Spiritual Weapon is not able to penetrate its armored hide. That's your bonus action. Jester still has an action. 26 definitely hits! Roll damage on that. Yes, and the next attack on it has advantage. 14 points of damage. Nice. As the released Guiding Bolt slams into the side of it, the blast of divine energy explodes. Some of the plates dent inward and now you see this glittering energy that's entwining its body, giving you a glimmer of some of the weak points to help you hit where it'll hurt the most. Does that finish Jester's turn? She going to stay where she is, or is she going to move? Okay, so she tries to move into the doorway. Yeah. Sounds good. So that finishes Jester's turn. Top of the round, Yasha. That's half your movement, so you still have 20 feet of movement. Right there. You are now flanking with Beau. Your first attack has advantage anyway, because of the Guiding Bolt. You cannot discern any sort of rear end or exhaust port. You'll find out, I'm sure. 22 hits. Roll damage on that first strike. 16 points of damage. Cutting through bits and pieces of it. Nice. That's your first strike on it. As you jam down, grinding off, some of the metal plates pull away from it, and once again lock, unable to push back into place. There's small places where you're starting to buckle parts of its exterior armor, so its AC actually does go down by one. That's your first strike. You get a second attack. You do, because you're currently flanking with Beau. 25 does hit. Roll damage. Correct. Just 2d6 plus five. 11 points of damage. Nice! Yasha, busting it out. All right, that finish your turn? Oh, because it's restrained? Right! Good to know. That finishes Yasha's turn. It's now Fjord's go. Go for it. Make two strikes with the falchion. First attack with advantage. All right, that hits. The first attack, that's a d8 plus-- A d8, plus four, plus Hex. No. Booming Blade is a cantrip that only gives you one attack as part of the action. That's okay. All right, that's 13 damage. It's been a long day. I know. Fjord comes up holding the falchion, hand swings down, carving through, the shadows of the Hex helping the blade dig in that much more. You have a second attack. Yep. 13 points of damage? That hits again. With that, with Fjord carving into it twice with the blade, each time the falchion is carving through each section, more and more armored pieces are pushing inward. It's not enough to lower its AC, but it is taking more and more damage. Slowly you're piercing its heavily protected exterior. Fjord would have, yeah. Ten more feet. One or two steps? All right. Still in melee. It's a ten foot range. That ends your turn? All right. That brings us to the Gatekeeper construct. The lens has retracted back into its armor, and you hear this sound (whirring) the lens comes out, and it has cleared the tar from its lens. The lens retracts and pops out the back side, immediately scanning the source of what's currently clutching it, and its dirt-driven arcane paw. The blade arms on the top retract in, and instead these two heavy iron spears lock into place, and both go firing outward towards Caleb. They have disadvantage, because it is restrained. With disadvantage, it's going to be an 18 to hit for the first one. All right. All righty. Second one, 16 and 18. 16 plus eight; it's going to be 24. The first one, the shield (clang). It ricochets off and floats off in the background spinning. The second one, however, pierces through the shield and hits you in the chest. That's going to be 17 points of piercing damage. And you are pinned to the wall. It actually pierced through your chest and is now holding you into the stone. Your movement is zero, and you are considered restrained against the wall. You do. So go ahead and make a constitution check. With the damage taken, it has to be at least a ten or higher. No, and with that, the paw is broken. No, it's gone. You’ve lost concentration on the spell. And it did recharge its shrapnel blast. That being the case, that’s going to finish its turn. It's going to stay put. Because the blades now grind out again and begin whirring and spinning around its orb-like body. That brings us to Beau. Beau, at the top of your turn, because you are within five feet of it, you automatically take whirling blade damage by being in proximity. That was, yes. Yes. So at the top of your turn, you'll take it as well. That's six points of slashing damage to you, Beau. Now take your turn. Fuck you, Sam! You do, because you're flanking. A four and a six. Okay. That dice is weird for that because then you rolled the d20 twice. All right. So roll the second one. For the second strike? The first roll you had was a four on the top, so roll for your second die. Just keeping it kosher. 18 hits, yeah. Go ahead and make your strike with your staff. Four points of damage? So that's eight. As your staff strikes across it, the wood of it, while damaging, doesn't seem to be having as strong an impact as you’d hope against its armored form. It seems to be resistant to something that is not magical. Sure. Let's go ahead and-- I'm pretty sure-- I'm so sorry. By the rules as written, because it mentions the ki of the inside of the body-- there is no ki, but there is a magical core. I'll say that when you strike the body intending to stun it, while you're not affecting the ki of a soul, the ki that you're expending might interfere with its central energy core. So it has to make a constitution saving throw. That's going to be a 17. What's the DC? It's a 12 plus five, I'm sorry. You have another attack. You do. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage for that. Second strike with your staff. All right, six. It takes five points of damage as the second strike is still somewhat deflected by the armor of its body. You can. You spend a ki point. Since we've changed or errata-ed it, it does not make a saving throw. You just get to learn-- At level six you get to learn two things. The lowest saving throw ability it has would be charisma. (laughter) Not against some spells. Okay, go for it. Yep. That hits. Five damage reduced to two. This time, you hit with your fists. Again, it scrapes through the armor, and you're bleeding at the knuckles from the impact. It's hard to break through its shell. This is a rough fight for a monk at level five, unfortunately. That finish your turn, Beau? Okay, that finishes Beau's turn. Nott and Molly, you're up. Go for it. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. It is. Eight points of damage, reduce that in half because it's a non-magical source. That's four points of piercing to it. It gets stuck in some of the gears. You see some sparks from the inside, but it doesn't fully pierce its shell. Go for it. That is a magical bolt. The bolt doesn't impact. It just glides off the armor. It lands somewhere in the distance. You don't know if it's retrievable or not yet. Molly, you're up. All right, you move in. Go for it. First strike it dodges; it moves out of the way. The second strike actually makes an impact, so roll for that. 12 points of damage, all righty. Carves through with the second strike. This is your off-hand, so it's not a magical weapon. Correct, so the extra rite damage is magical, but the actual blade will be halved. So roll the d6 for your blade. Five reduced to two. So two damage plus this, doubled. Well no, sorry, the two is doubled because it was a crit. So it would have been four plus three, which is seven. Sure, it's five damage. So 11 points of damage. Now the armor is reduced to 16 as you're carving away at its armored shell. It's starting to look pretty hurt. You see it shifting rapidly trying to figure out its situation and tactically maneuver best it can. If you back all the way up to here, you can. Or all the way up to the top. At the moment, no. Okay. Sure. Caleb and Jester, you're up next. Caleb, you're currently pinned to the wall. You're muted also, I can't hear you. Yasha does. Yes, Yasha, Fjord, and then the thing. As the paw reaches out once more to grab it-- that is a 19. 14 plus five. Sorry, man. You're still maintaining concentration, but it did not seem to grasp it at this moment. All right, that ends Caleb's turn. Jester's up. Okay, so step back through the door a little bit there. What level? So a d4 plus four to Caleb. Caleb, you heal seven points. That's a bonus action from Jester. What's next? You can only use a cantrip since you've cast a bonus action spell. Spiritual Weapon is a bonus action spell. You've already used the Healing Word, unfortunately. It doesn't work that way. No. Or a cantrip. But Caleb's healed a little bit. Constitution saving throw? Wisdom to Toll the Dead? It is wisdom, you are right. So that would put it at a 14. Because it has no wisdom modifier. 15, so it takes the damage! Go ahead and roll. You're level five, so it technically-- It's a 5th-level character, so it's-- MATT and Not bad for a cantrip! "It's not too bad." All right, that's going to finish Jester's turn. Does she want to move? Back into the door? You got it. Jester is just on the side there. All right, finishes Jester's go, Yasha you're up. At the top of your turn, you take blade damage because you're in proximity to it. That's ten. You take ten points of piercing damage. So, reduced to five. There are a couple of pockets where you can see inside of it, but you don't see the power source. It's risky. So you're just taking a strike with it? You have advantage because you're flanked with Beau. Some fights aren't great for every class, I'm sorry. 19 hits! Roll damage. Yep, 16 AC. 17 points! Carving past with the blade. You have a second strike, if you'd like. Yeah it is, because you're flanking. Yeah, that hits. Roll damage again. 33 points of damage in one round. Yasha doesn't mess around. That finishes your turn? Fjord's up. Correct, you can do that. So an additional three damage per strike. Yeah, but now you know. No! You're not flanking with anybody. So first attack with the falchion. That's two attacks there. Yeah, both will hit, so roll damage on each. So a d8 plus-- d8 plus seven on each attack, plus a d6 on each. So roll that. Nice! Starting to look pretty rough now, as parts of it are breaking down a bit. It's shaking and you see little sparks on the inside as gears are starting to connect where they’re not supposed to and grind against each other. That finish Fjord's turn? Five feet or ten? One more and it’ll take an attack of opportunity. Up to you. Technically, if he takes it. No, he can move farther than that. Okay, it's not going to take an attack of opportunity. It's currently focused on everything else around it. That finishes Fjord's turn? This entity is going to attempt to shift back this way. Which means Beau and Molly both get attacks of opportunity against it. You do not, because it's still in melee with you. No, because it's moved out of that range. 24 hits, so roll damage. It does not move. 12 reduced to six, got it. Nope, he gets stuck there. The bane of all GMs everywhere. No, he did not technically move out of-- it's sticky. It's one of those weird things where he doesn't technically move beyond the range, but he tries to. I'll let you have it, sure. You have no advantage. Currently, no. You would need something right there in that corner to flank. That hits. Roll damage. It angrily is going to open to do its shrapnel blast. It was that powerful! I need Molly, Beau, Fjord, and Caleb, and technically Jester, as well. She didn't close the door there. She stepped into the space to maintain eye contact. Dex save, please. That's a success. That is a failure. Success. Oh, you're not there. Nott? Fjord and Jester, if you could. Okay, so everyone saves except for Fjord. Sorry, Jester. 27 points of piercing damage, halved to be 13 points of piercing damage to everybody. You rolled a--? No, you do not, so you take the full 27 points of piercing damage. No shit? And still pinned. Jester took a full 27. She rolled low for her dexterity check. 27 points of damage. That's its action. It is locked in place and it can't move. Its speed is zero, frustratingly. Caleb, I need you to make another concentration check, please, from the damage you took. I thought your other cat hand? It failed, but can you still try it for every turn after, or is it a one-time cast thing? But you've recast it. Right, but when you create it in space, it stays there. Yeah, and then as an action you can cause it to try and do things-- Make a concentration check to see if you maintain the spell. Higher than a ten. All right, you succeed. You maintain concentration. That finishes your turn. Beau, you're up first. You don't have to roll. You take damage from proximity to it, so you automatically fail a death saving throw from the blades carving into your now-unconscious body nearby. Yeah, whatever you rolled on your death saving throw. Yeah, so that's a failure and a success. That brings us to Nott and Molly. That'll do. Roll damage with sneak attack. Five points of piercing damage on the first strike. Do you want to bonus action attack as well? 23? Go ahead. That's 1d6 plus-- Halved to three, all righty. Sparks are flying. It's starting to shake. Molly, top of your turn, the swirling blades spin around and you take eight points of slashing damage. It's your turn. At the moment, for you, if you move over Beau's body. It's a tough call. I mean, I'll let you do it, if you want to. You'll have to be standing over her unconscious body. Probably not. It's up to you. Go for it. Take those shots, Molly. That hits. 12 points of damage, all righty. Next strike? Yep, roll damage on this one. Ten points of damage. How do you want to do this? The blades are spinning, grinding around. The edges of the armor scrape against your flesh, pushing and cutting past skin, causing blood to drip down your arm, but this is a natural state for you. As the arm pushes into the center, there's a flash of blue light, and the interior of its armored shell (electricity crackling). It's like a glow on the inside of a cracked, dark orb, as all the individual sections where the plate armors meet suddenly glow with a bright, vibrant blue-white light, and then go dark, and the whole metal object hits the ground. All the legs go limp, and it rolls a little bit to one side, now inert and no longer functioning as a construct. The nega-Snitch. I love it. We'll see how it fares. All righty. You all take a moment. Beau is bleeding out. Jester runs up. Yasha puts her foot up on the wall, and with one big yank, pulls it out of your torso, Caleb. It was about two inches from the side of your body and thrust through your abdomen. You begin to bleed, but Jester comes over and helps close up that wound before you bleed out too much further. Glancing into the chamber, that is another closed gate that is bent inward from the repeated slamming of this centurion trying to make its way in. Looking past the inside, you see four decomposed bodies. Make an attempt to do so. These prison locks are a pain in the butt. You haven't encountered something quite so heavily fortified as these cells. Okay, make a strength check. No, you have to force it. It is not budging. You go over, see where Molly has failed, and you go and try to fill that void. Make a strength check. Okay. It's a little late, but I'll allow it, sure. Why not? Go for it. 26, okay. As Yasha comes forward and slams her foot into it, it jostles the lock just enough for you to slip past the tumblers, and with a (creaks) it opens a few inches on the inside. The bottom of it is scraping against the stonework, the way it's been bashed and bent has actually forced it out of the frame of the door, and it's going to take a bit more force to push it open enough to move inside, but you manage to do so. Okay. Make an investigation check. How many ball bearings did you throw out? Your entire bag? Okay. You get your pouch back and you manage to scoop up-- you have, we'll say, 814 ball bearings. (laughs) Most of which because it's such a ridiculous item. Okay. Sure, so you make your way to the opposite end. Make an investigation check. You find-- at first you think it's dried compost, but you eventually realize, no, it's just very old human excrement. You found prison poop. Yes. Yasha, you head off to the other side where the gate is open, and as you go inside, you can see the interior of this chamber is as scraped up as the rest of them from where this sentry was attempting to scan and break out. On the inside-- make an investigation check? First time for you? 11, okay. Looking around on the inside, you take a glance-- and there are these little pieces of things everywhere, some hard, some soft, and you start pulling it up, and you notice that a lot of these are tiny torn slivers of blanket or sheet or pillow, and the other hard pieces are tiny shards of bone. Whatever prisoners who were in here who could not keep this at bay, their remains have been, time and time again, ground, battered, and destroyed by this creature as it ran through. It has torn apart their bedding and their bodies, but beyond that, nothing else of interest. Fjord pats you on the shoulder next to you and goes, "Hey, I just wanted to let you know, I "appreciate what you did, taking the brunt of it, because it didn't even hurt me." "And that's because of you." "I know." All righty, so what else are you guys doing? Okay. While Caleb's taking a moment to finish his short rest, you begin to peer inside and pull back some of the loosened armor plates. Now that the machine is open, there's not tension holding it together, and you see that each of these armored plates, on the inside, are attached to its own arm-like pole. Once it collapsed, all the armor plates went limp and fell open. It's a tension-held bit of armor, that it could expand and push out different areas to leave openings and then retract again. It's a pretty ingenious design, and you can see why Tinkertop is a talented man, though flawed sometimes in his designs. This is pretty revolutionary. Similar to that, I guess you could say. Looking inside, it's hundreds of these little poles, and gears, and little servos, and a lot of them are ground, bent, and damaged from the impact that you left inside. There in the center, you see a cracked open, and partially destroyed, bluish crystal sphere. That was where your final blow impacted to destroy it. It's yanking and bending pieces, pulling them out and (pinging). On the inside, with the damage you've done, it's not too hard to pry a few off, but you manage to get to it, and there is the cracked and shattered crystal core. That's just part of the miniature. That was my representation for it. I did not have a mini of a spherical ball made of armor. I'm sorry, that's the best I could do for size and intimidation. I've been very busy, didn't have time to make an entire mini of a tiny spherical metal ball covered in blades. Sorry, no. It's fine. You do a scan of Detect Magic through the room over the next 15 minutes or so. You do a thorough pass around. Nothing magical catches your attention. Most of the interior here is-- Actually, no, that's not true. Very faint magical auras from two ember light torches that are on the wall. That faint red light that you've seen is essentially a very low light Everburning torch. You pick yourselves up, and make your way back to the heavy metal door. On this side, you can see the heavy scraping across it as this ball has also been pushing repeatedly into this one exit point. As you approach, it is still closed and presumably locked. You hear some shifting behind it, and eventually hear the familiar grinding of chains against metal. (creaking) It opens slightly and the guards peer out. "You alive?" "Go check it out." A few of the gnomish guards push past and head down. Another one of the gnomish guards goes, "Well, fucking A. Is it done?" The other gnomes rush past him and say, "Sure enough. They killed the thing!" He's like, "Oh, all right. I'll lead you back to our boss. "Come on, follow me." Fireman carries you. Make an insight check. Okay. Go ahead and roll for that. Five. Make an investigation check as you glance around the space. Because it's a small space, you do manage to recover it, so you get one bolt back. It did not trigger. If it hits an intended target, possibly, or something hard enough. You rolled low enough where it didn't seem to truly impact. You guys slowly make your way, guided back by the various guards of the Gearhold Prison, to the office of the Wardenhelm, where both Rissa and her father are waiting. As they walk in, you glance over and can see Cleff. He’s like, "So how'd it go? Any luck with the thing? Oh, you "broke it!" "I'm simultaneously impressed and kind of sad, but impressed mostly." "It's more for when it's raining. I didn't think it would be for tar, but good to know." He takes out the note in his little pad. At this point, you see turning in the office vicinity, Wardenhelm Poppin turns and goes, "It "appears my guards say you are successful in this. That is very good. I am impressed. What is your "names, if I might be of curious?" "The Mighty Nein. All right. Good to know that The Mighty Nein can be relied upon in such "situations. Are you staying in town for quite a while?" "Right. While you were down there, I got approval for about 200 gold from the Starosta for "payment. I hope that is enough?" "I am curious as to what you are referring to." "Oh! Of course, great deal. Ooh, sternum, it's a bit pain--" Go ahead and make a persuasion check with advantage. A six. Why you keep leading these social encounters? Well, you got a talker, but that's okay. He takes a keen look at you, goes over, and starts thumbing through papers. Goes through his books, picks one, and goes, "Schuster, Schuster, "Schuster. All right, I found the report here." He turns the page, "That looks like they were "arrested for false idol worship. That is not a minor offense." "The Schusters are still to serve a two-year sentence, both of them. To pay the amount to bail "them out would be, at this point, about 350 gold. With the 200 that were offered, that would put you "at a 150 bail amount should you wish to indeed pay for these very important friends of yours." "And they will, because it's still technically commissioned originally by the prison, "so we own the rights to its carcass. However, the moment of negotiation is over. This is my price as "it stands. Either you receive the 200 and walk away, or you can continue to pay the bail and they "will be released. That is up to you--" 150 gold. That's true. MARISHA; Fjord says, "You know what? To keep them out of that orphanage?" Look at that. It's beautiful. At this point, he-- It's true! He accepts the coin, shouts out to-- he says, "Micahl!" And this female halfling comes rushing in. He says, "I would like for you to write a writ for me of success in clearing the "lower regions of the prison under the watchful eye of the Wardenhelm Poppin Drokrusher. I thank you. "And also, could we please have sent up immediately a," he leans forward, "Gilda and Wallace Schuster. "They are on the second level in cell 12B. They have had their bail paid." The halfling rushes off, some of the guards leave with her, and about 20 or so minutes later you hear the footsteps return and there you see this couple. They pull forward, dirty, sallow, not very well-fed, but alive, and they both look bewildered. The man, who's got a thick graying brown scruff and the hair a bit shaken from his form, he glances up at the rest of you. "I don't understand what's happening." The woman looks over. She has this long, curled, and tangled brownish-red hair. She goes, "Is this true? We're free?" With that, you guide the now no-longer-prisoners outside of the Gearhold Prison, and as the small door opens to lead them out into the late afternoon air, the sunlight hits them. And you see them blink and wince, and then look up and smile, as this is probably the first sunlight they've seen in six months. You can see a bit of glimmer as tears begin to form at the edge of their eyes and the two, the couple, look at each other and smile, and hold each other, and look back at the group of you and say, "Thank you, but why?" "Are they all right? Where are they?" They look at you, and look both frightened by the words you say, and then equally frightened by the creature they now realize that is saying it, and go, "Right, right." "Thank you." "Thank you very much. Can we go to our children, please?" With that, you guys all make your way back up the switchback path to the Idleworks Shelf, just as the sun begins to hit the mountains, the skies turning to the oranges and reds of the coming sunset. At this point, the people of the city begin to rise in energy once more as the whistles of a day's work come to a close. The city beings to liven up once more into an air of celebration, music blasting around you on all sides. As you guys push through the streets now, the celebration expanding and exploding throughout the vicinity, your still-lingering hangovers from the night before, mixed with your physically damaged selves, make you less jovial in this space. Eventually you make your way to the back to the location of the previously boarded-up butcher shop. It appears to be left alone, closed, locked, and as you left it. (whistling) (knocking) You hear some shuffling and the door opens. Austin and Gail look past and open the door. As soon as Gail can say, "You're back--" they look, and you can see their parents, right there, smile back at them. With that, they rush out, Gail and Austin, and wrap their arms around their mother and father. Behind them, skittering, Layla and Jude look past, and they run up as well and hold them. Now this family unit of six all brought together again, as filthy as they may be in their current garb and lifestyle, hold themselves amongst the glowing of distant fireworks going off, an unknowing celebration that the city holds for this family. Behind, you see Kiri shuffle out, see what's happening, then also come forward and put her arms around the family and looks back at you with a smile. (like Jester) "Yes, I am a good girl." Kiri steps away from the group, looks at the rest of you, takes the dagger out, steps forward and goes, (like Nott) "The Mighty Nein!" (like Jester) "Okay." (like Caleb) "Ja." At this point, they're barely paying attention. They look back and say, "I'm sorry, what?" Fjord steps in next to you as well, and goes, "Look, no children should be without their "parents, and we're happy to have brought you back together. Be more careful. Make sure that if you "do anything that could put your kids at risk, don't." He looks over and defers back to you, Caleb. The parents look at each other, and down at the kids. The little girl, Layla, with her curled red hair, goes, "Does this mean she can stay?" and looks over at Kiri. Kiri looks between them and you, and looks temporarily conflicted and confused, but you can see a bit of understanding wash over. Kiri reaches over and takes from her pocket the dagger, steps forward, and turns it around, handle forward. Holds it out. (like Jester) "Yes, I am very sweet." She reaches down, and pulls out the music box. Slowly opens it after winding it. [music box plays] (like Caleb) "She's a pretty good egg." Looks up at Caleb and rushes forward, and gives a big, warm hug. She accepts it, wide-eyed. "I don't know what to say." She steps back, and they look like they're in shock still from these strangers that have come to their aid so heavily. Kiri pulls back and looks to you. (like Jester) "Don't eat humans, okay?" Jester, you see her arms twisted up and the eyes filled with water and she goes, "Oh! We're "going to come back, right?" She gives a big hug and goes, "Kiri, you're going to be so beautiful as you grow up, and this "family is going to take care of you and is going to be your new mother and father and you’ll have "this whole family here for you. Remember that no matter what's happening and what you are doing, "the Traveler is always looking over you, and we are always-- always thinking of you with love." Jester turns around, and you can see the tears welling up in her eyes. She takes you in there. Fjord steps forward and ruffles the feathers on the head and says, "You're always a member. Maybe one day, you'll be able to come back and use that dagger for something that's alive." Kiri turns back and looks to you. (like Nott) "Yeza was his name." She gives you a hug. Looks to Molly and gives this distant stare. (like Molly) "Take care of them." Looks to you, and comes up and cuddles up against your chest where she had slept the night before and (chirping). The feathers fluff up a bit. (like Jester) "Okay." Kiri turns back and steps beside the kids. The family looks out and goes, "If there's ever "the opportunity to pay this back or forward, we will. Thank you." More fireworks go off and the whole family looks up again, and there's a moment where the family, as one single unit, pulling Kiri into it, Gilda looks at them all and says, "It's been a "long time since I felt the need to celebrate. How about we all wash up and go out and take you for "flowers?" The kids brighten up, excited, and Kiri looks up happily and curiously looks back. They all shuffle into the house. The last look as Kiri looks back over her shoulder. (like Jester) "I am Kiri." The door closes. Fjord, as you're walking along back to your inn, goes, "Now, I know y'all did this because I "asked you to, and you weren't sure if you wanted to. I want you to know that's appreciated. You "went out on a limb for me and these kids. I'll remember that. Anyway, come on." As you guys make your way back to a more solemn evening, the celebration is wild. The Blushing Tankard Tavern is in the same crazy energy and music you possibly can expect, but you are too exhausted emotionally and physically. You get a drink, find your way back to your room, and crash out hard. Long rest to you all. The next morning you come to consciousness, your first morning not hungover for a lot of you, here in the city of Hupperdook. Now the city is yours to make your final business with. Well, you haven't gotten back to Tinkertop for your half of the deal. As you hold it up, it goes (snapping). All right. You get another set of ten. I think it was two copper. That's amazing. Awesome. As that's happening, you guys have reached the exterior of the Tinkertop Inventions shop. High-quality provisions for the rest of the trip? If you drop a solid two gold-- You have good road meals that'll last-- Oh, for the whole group? For the whole group, put five gold down and I'd say you guys have some of the finest fucking food you could have on the road going north. That is good eating. On the outskirts of the Tinkertop Inventions shack, you make your way on the inside and you see, in the process of feverishly sketching out designs, Cleff Tinkertop barely look up from his page. "Oh! Hello, good to see you all again. Thank you. Thank you for helping with that. I think, "based on some of these new designs I'm coming forward, they might be interested in a new "version! Perhaps a new design! Perhaps an update, if you will, based on the notes you gave me, so "here's to hoping!" "Can I help you with anything?" "Ha ha! Right, sorry, I forgot entirely! I'll be right back." He goes back and rummages and pulls out the fantastic, previously displayed Tinkertop Boltblaster 1000 and goes, "Thank you "for your help. I hope it serves you well. By the way, if there's any problems, if you wouldn't mind "making notes, and feel free to mail them off to me so I can perhaps improve on the next iteration." "If you don't mind. That'd be fantastic." "Of course, and thank you as well. Wherever you're off to, safe travels!" "I think something can be arranged. I'll be here!" "That's a very curious series of words you've strung together, but I'll keep an eye out for you." "Course." "Well, if you're leaving, you should say bye, Rissa!" Behind him, Rissa sits up with her goggles on. She was in the back currently working on something. Goes, "Oh, right, you're off "already? You're leaving?" "Oh, well, it's been fun." "Do. Thank you for showing me a good time and for getting this old coot back to some sort of "interesting means of constructive work." She goes, "Well, I mean, drinking by proxy, I'll certainly take that!" "Well. Next time, I'll owe you a round." "Well, be safe. Take care. And 'til the next time." As you guys exit, you hear her say, "I "don't think this design's going to work, Dad." He says, "No, trust me!" And the door closes behind you. At this point-- well, no, you slept through the night and you've woken up the next morning, so it's pushing close to midday. Fjord musters the cart, the horses, retrieves them from where they were stored during your stay here. Looks like it, unless you guys have anything else planned. Yes. Make a perception check, as you make your way through the bottom end of the city. 14? Glancing through, there are two crownsguard that walk by, both gnomish. One of them appears to be carrying a heavy sword on the back. The other one does have some sort of strange contraption, like a firearm pistol at its side. Make a sleight of hand check. Up to you. All right. Sleight of hand, so your proficiency modifier plus your dex. Well no, sleight of hand is-- I'm sorry, no, it's a sleight of hand check. 22, yeah. My brain. I was thinking of unlocking. It glides past over you. The guard’s none the wiser. It is loaded with a single shot. So you have a single-shot pistol with no ammunition. Yes. All right. With that-- In those final dark moments! This campaign goes really dark suddenly! With that, you guys head out past the fences, the artillery construction ranges, the plumes of smoke and steam, the dual-shelved levels of the gnomish city of Hupperdook, with the people, adventures that you met and left behind, and forge your way on further up the Crispvale Roadway heading towards the Glory Run Road, that heads north, towards Nogvurot and the Shadycreek Run. Heading on for the next better half of the day, you make a fair amount of travel, before the sun eventually sets before you can reach the crossroads. Eventually having to pull off to the side of the road to make camp for the first night there. You head off your general curious range there, you set up a small camp. Who's taking first watch? Okay. Nott and Caleb, if you wouldn't mind rolling a perception check with advantage, or both of you roll it individually. No, he rolled, and now you. All right. You guys take your first watch. Nothing. Though you're not paying much attention, nothing seems to transpire during that first watch period. You finish it without issue. The second watch come up. Fjord goes ahead and says, "I'll take it." "You'll join as well, Yasha?" All right. You guys take your second watch. Fjord and Yasha are currently situated there. Two of you are up. It's now pushing past maybe one or two in the morning. The fire is burned low to embers at this point, and you're both staying close for heat. Fjord's sitting there looking, and goes, "I'm kind of proud of all this, you know?" "Yeah. A lot of these folks have surprised me." A little voice goes like, (as Jester) "Some "people are trying to sleep." "But I’m awake now." Fjord goes like, "Let’s take a walk." Fjord stands up, Jester stands up, and the three of you step away for a minute. Fjord looks up at the stars and goes, "Dreams’ve been "weird. For all the visions, the darkness out there, it’s good to know that, somehow maybe we're "all putting a little bit of light in there too." "Who knows? Maybe we’ll find ourselves a path somewhere along the coast in the long run. "Could show you some of my hometown. Maybe some of yours, but maybe not quite as well put together." Jester interjects at this point and goes, "Well, if we do go back, I could show you-- if it is safe "depending on what my mom says-- the places where I grew up, the beautiful shorelines. Have you been "to the Menagerie Coast before?" "Oh, it is so beautiful. It would be incredible." Her mouth isn’t making noise. You go to talk. No sound comes out of it either. There’s a look of confusion amongst the three of you. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw, Yasha. What did you roll? In that moment of panic, you go to reach for your weapon, and suddenly your muscles seize up and your body is unable to move. Your eyes glance back at Fjord, who seems to be in the same position. The falchion apparates in his hand, but he is unable to move. Jester is the only one who is like-- As she turns to run for the group, and impacts the chest of a dark humanoid figure who’s standing there who grabs and holds her in place. Four other dark figures emerge from the shadows around and grab and immediately put their arms around you. You try and resist from the spell. In fact, make another wisdom saving throw. Fjord maintains it, but all this in absolute silence. There is no sound, just shadows and starlight. As you’re now being grappled by two men, the spell breaks from you. However, they’re still holding you. As you feel a gag pulled over your mouth from one of them, the other one begins to throw rope around you. You’re looking over the side and you can see another gag showed into Fjord’s mouth. Manacles are being shoved onto his arms and legs. He's unable to move. Jester tries to break free off the opposite-- not with a natural seven. She’s kicking and screaming, but there is no sound coming out and as she’s pushed down, another figure comes up and throws shackles onto her arms behind her and her legs. She’s yelling and yelling and a gag is pulled over her mouth. What are you doing? There’s two people that are now coming to grapple you. All right. You pull your weapon. Make an attack, if you want. 25 hits. Roll damage on that. 18 damage. Oof! You have a second attack, if you like. Your first one impacts one guy and there’s a splash of blood, silent. Once again, no sound here. The second one swings wide and the other guy captures it. He grabs your arm and pulls you in. He’s going to make an athletics check against you. Make an athletics or acrobatics check to try and not be grappled. That’s not going to make it. He grapples and holds you in place. The other one takes and slams manacles onto your wrists and pulls it back, wrenching the blade from your grasp. Your arms are now locked behind you into these metal manacles. You go ahead and scream. Make a straight wisdom check. In that moment, as you try and scream out, your vocal cords strained by the sheer force of your voice, no sound comes out. Looking up in the sky, there isn’t a single cloud in sight. Probably for the first time in weeks, since you’ve been in this side of Wildemount, it is a clear night. No sign of clouds. No sign of storm. In that moment, as you’re screaming out, the gag gets put into your mouth and tied behind your head. You glance over and you can see Jester being dragged. Now the manacles affixed to the back of her ankles and she’s being pulled through the grass, Fjord a few feet behind her. Still unable to really make out the shapes of these hooded figures that are pulling them through and you are shoved to the ground. Your ankles are about to be manacled. Make another athletics check. 25, all righty. With that, you manage to kick free and they can’t quite get ahold on it and one figure steps forward, shorter than the others, stout looking, and goes, "Oh for the--" and his voice dissipates as he gets closer. I need you to make another wisdom saving throw. You’re still kicking and breaking free. They’re going to try to restrain you once more. Roll one more athletics check. No, that’s not going to do it. As much as you struggle right now, you’re by yourself. Now it looks like two figures holding you down, and the third one that is frustrated that you have resisted a spell a second time. They get the manacles on the back of your legs. Your arms are held behind, your ankles are now pulled up towards where your hands are, and you are face down in the wet grass in the middle of the night, as you feel your body now being dragged by the chains. Dragged, dragged. Your mouth is filled with the taste of the sweat that’s poured down, that’s soaked into the gag that's now forced in your mouth. Grass and grime and mud are grinding against your face. All you can see is the dark shadow there and the bits of star and sky ahead, until eventually you’re lifted upright, right back once more. Immediately, you can see a series of wide carts, large travel caravan carts that are low set, covered with piles of goods. Looks like sacks and a couple of crates, fairly sparse-looking for travel caravan crates, but what you see travel up and down the roads all the time. There are three of them with horses to the front of them. You can see about eight other figures around these carts. As you’re up held there, with your mouth gagged and your arms and legs bound, you look off to the side and you can see Fjord and Jester also struggling and unable to find their way about. Jester begins to flex against it and you can see her strong physique pushing against it, and she gets smacked upside the cheek by one of the men that pulls her and holds her in place. You hear a voice speak up and say, "Hey, look what "we found, eh?" You see a dark figure step closer to you. Glancing up, through the minimal light, a human man, tall and brutish. His head is completely bald on top, revealing a scarred and tattooed design across one side that curls down into his lightly leathered armored chest. His thick brow hangs over two cold, uncaring eyes. He nods in approval to these three acquisitions that you are, revealing a number of golden teeth between his cracked lips. His muscular body is mostly obscured by a cloak and hood beyond that armor. The thug goes, "Lorenzo, your instincts are "sharp. Looks like we found ourselves a sudden bounty." The heavy figure, who hasn’t spoken at this point, kneels down and grabs the chins of each of you. Grabs Jester, who is now shaking, with anger and fear in her eyes, looks both sides of her face, goes to Fjord and lifts the chin, comes to you and grabs-- The gag is right there, so you-- (coughing) "Looks like this one’s got some spirit too. "(chuckles) Our prospects are good with this find. Two divine-blood and one half-beast. I’m pleased. "Toss them in with the others. We’ll head back. Our cages are at capacity now." He stands back up and turns around and heads back to the carts, as you’re all being thrown to your sides again and being dragged through the wet grass and dirt, over rocks. You can feel gashes being pulled across your face and shoulders as you’re being pulled through the dirt. You’re righted once more and two more goons lift you up towards the back of this mostly empty cart. It seems just small piles and boxes, and then suddenly your vision shifts, as if you’re being pulled through a curtain and these carts are piled high with cages. And the opened one that the three of you are showed into clangs behind you, this five feet by five feet box. As the three of you are jammed into each other uncomfortably, you look about inside, under what looks to be a darkened tarp that covers the cages. Glancing out the side of your eye, you can see in the one next to you, that there are other dark humanoid figures quietly whimpering and not moving. You hear "Heyup!" and the horses begin to pick up speed, as the creaking of wheels turning get faster and the feel of the cart beginning to move. And that’s where we’re going to finish tonight’s session. (groaning) It’s possible. There were some struggle. It’s going to be interesting. Love you guys. Well, she didn’t take her haversack with her when she parted with you guys. You can take that up with Laura. Oh boy. Love you, Ashley. She goes back to New York. You’ll hop in when you can. He knows that. I know. I know. It’s true. Thank you, Liam, for making it. MARISHA and Oh yeah, the dads get to laugh now. We're good! All right, we're going to go so I can go to sleep because it's been a very long day. TALIESIN; It's been a very long day! I know. That's okay.