Welcome guys, glad you could join us tonight. Before we get started on the game tonight, I've got some quick announcements to get through, so bear with us here. First and foremost, we have returning tonight our fantastic sponsor and friend, D&D Beyond! Sam. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, D&D Beyond. We have another sponsor tonight. We've talked about them a little bit in the past and we're super excited to bring Pillars of Eternity If you played the first game, you also get to carry over your save over into the second one and actually have your character and your choices in the first game connect to the new story, which is pretty rad. Check out the new companion voices, play the incredible story, and customize some characters who look like Vox Machina and also sound like them if you so feel like it. You can check it out and buy it at versusevil.com/criticalrole. Indeed. It's awesome. The combat's super tactical. It's going to be for consoles later this year, the PC release is right around the corner. Get super excited, guys, it's going to be awesome. Thank you, Pillars II and our friends at Obsidian. It's one of those days. My brain is melting. Yeah, check it out. Vox Machina Origins number six comic has been out for a week. If you haven't had the chance, check it out. That's out. If you haven't seen it yet, I recommend it. It finishes that first story arc. We'll have some more announcements soon, hopefully. We hit our goal with 826, the charity we've been doing. We've hit 40K, which means I have to do another fireside chat. It's true. It is a joy, actually. No. Don't give them ideas. Oh, we're going port again. That was a good night. We've got that coming up. We're getting a new stretch goal. If we hit 50K in the two next weeks, Marisha will be GMing another Honey Heist game. Super excited for that because that was a lot of fun. Yes, because you guys were out of town last time. That'd be perfect. Remember, if you guys help donate to 826, who are a fantastic organization, our gracious critter, Mark, has matched the donations and has offered to match up to 50K now. If we can get 50K, that's 100K that we as a community have raised for this fantastic organization. You guys are amazing! Keep being amazing. Be sure to check with your employer to see if they offer a charity matching program as well, because that's another cool way you can get double bang for your buck to help out with charity organizations, too. Thank you so much, guys, for being awesome. Critical Recap just came out for last week's episode. If you haven't checked that out yet, you should've before this episode started! If you missed that and didn't watch last week's episode, you'll be very confused. If you have a friend who's behind and wants to catch up with the live stream, Critical Recap is a great way to get them caught up really quickly so they're not spoiled. Then they can go back and trudge through the previous episodes in a lengthy format. Talks Machina is every Tuesday at 700pm Pacific time, where our fantastic host, Brian W. Foster, talks about the previous episode. Next week will be this episode of Critical Role with a few guests from the show to come there and talk about what randomness happened in our brain tonight. Check that out. Podcast of last week's episode is available where all fine podcasts are available for download. To remind you, because it's been a few weeks, I'll be at Otafest at Calgary May 18th to 20th. Not that far from now, just a few weeks. Be seeing some of you Canadian folks. I'll be at A-Kon in Texas June 7th to 10th, so look forward to seeing you guys there. I think, unless there's anything else I missed, that's all the announcements we have in log. I know. It's all sorts of crazy, let me tell you. It's a lot. On that note, folks, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] I keep saying that because you weren't there to confirm! I don't want to say that it happened because the mystery's fun. You were brought down through the tunnels to the Underworks, towards an underground dock, where the river that exited to the northeast towards Berleben was. You loaded up on boats to make your way towards a recently uncovered but barely explored underground research facility, long buried. The Gentleman asked you to enter it, see what you found, clear it out if possible, and return. As you made your way down there, assailed by a few of the creatures that existed in that tunnel, you found the exterior of this research facility, broke your way in, began to meander around and discover strange mysteries afoot in its construction. The urns throughout the vicinity, the strange wisps of spiritual energy came to assault you in the process. Bypassing traps, mostly, kind of. Completing the mystery of the strange arcane runes in the ceiling and the schools of magic that they seemed connected to, found your way into some sort of a secret study or den, where there were research tables set up, and a mostly empty bookshelf, braziers filled with ash to the side between pillars, two small chambers where these cages with tight knit bars remained, containing urns and empty nooses hanging above. These urns filled with ash. You began to look throughout the room. You found a sword across the upper ceiling, an ornamental blade of some kind. You recovered a book of notes and began to read through to get a feel for the person, the entity that seemed to have written what remained of these pages. Around this time, the wind began to pick up in the center of the chamber, as this darkened figure began to rise out of the stonework. This large, tattered cloak of a figure, spreading, whipping around like this sudden wind is tossing aside sails of a dark ship. This semi-skeletal ghostly face of material began to emerge from it. Its voice slowly hissing out, "My secrets are yours." You saw small glows begin to emerge from the ash and to the urns nearest the two of you. That, my friends, is where we last left off. As this thing emerges here, it doesn't seem to, at the moment, make any sort of aggressive maneuver. What do you do? Imagine a figure that is wrapped in four or five layers of robes, and the robes have been shredded out, all these moving tendrils of cloth and black shadow energy that are spinning around in places. Its center chin and body are stationary. The bottom half of its body seems to taper into nothingness, disappearing into cloth and ever-shifting and whipping material at the base. The head turns over and locks onto Jester. Doesn't answer. (moaning) Glides slowly in your direction. There's a brief moment where the entity's head, much like a young puppy confused by a rattling sound in the distance, (snapping) in Jester's direction, "A secret for trade." You know what? I'm going to pull the battle map. He's drifted up to that point there. As you guys are preparing here, the whispers begin to slowly spill out of its face, voices spreading out. I need Jester, Yasha, and Beau to all make a wisdom saving throw, please. Yes. Both of you succeed actually. The secrets begin to penetrate your ears. You close off your consciousness and put your hands up to close the space. They don't seem to penetrate your mind. Beau, however, these words start shooting into your brain. You feel for a moment your grasp on reality begin to slip. Suddenly, the world begins to spin. You feel yourself assaulted from all angles. You see flashes of ancient warfare, of giant columns of fire crashing from the cosmos. You spin your staff around retroactively. I need you to make an attack against Yasha, please. What's your armor class? I'm pretty sure that doesn't hit you. You see Beau, suddenly her eyes go wide, swing the staff wide in your direction. You deflect it with your blade. Now I need you all to roll initiative. The first conversation wasn't quite what he was looking for. Conflicted feelings! 25 to 20? Nott at the top. 20 to 15? Ooh, Yasha! 15 to ten? Oh boy. Ten to five. Eight for Beau. Six for Caleb. Five both of you, Jester and Molly. At this moment, Nott, you see this entity as it suddenly begins to emanate these whispers into the air. Your friends start all of a sudden grasping their faces. You see Beau try and swing at Yasha. Chaos is breaking loose. What are you doing? Where are you going? Over here? Good to know. Yasha, your turn. What does Yasha want to do? What is Yasha's instinct? You do not see a foot on his body, no. "I've already given you a piece. More?" What are you doing? That's a dormant runic circle that has been lying there. Doesn't seem to be reacting to his presence at all. Okay. You're holding off on rage? You're raging? You bonus action rage. You angrily grit your teeth and rush up, swinging your sword in the air. Make your attack. 18 hits. Roll damage. Plus rage damage, ten right? Ten total? You rolled five, plus three for your strength, plus two for your rage. That would be a total of ten. With which weapon is this? Which is technically baseline magical so-- okay. Meaning it's a very minor magical effect. As you strike, your blade carves through part of its body. Some of the cloth tears apart and he tries to grasp around the blade as you pull it free from nearby. Its face, its eyes click back towards you. When I say eyes, you now get a look, and it's these vacant holes and this tightly pulled skin against this skeletal face. Black energy is billowing out of it like smoke is slowly pouring out of the sockets. That's your turn? Now, out of the side cages, these glows all begin to emerge as four more of these wisp entities you had previously encountered in the chamber begin to shift through the cages towards the nearest source of life. This one's going to go towards Nott. This one's going to stay right there with Molly. This one's going to go after Fjord as well as this one there. On that note, against Nott the attack is a seven. That is a low roll; I do not think that hits you. As you see it emerge, you freak out as it swings by and ducks into the wall briefly before re-emerging, shifting through the actual stone. Against Molly-- another seven. Two threes in a row. Two against you Fjord. That's better. That's a 20. The two of them begin to hit you from both sides. You're not quite sure how to defend. One of them seems like it's about to sweep at you. You go to deflect it as the other one slaps into the back of your head as you feel this shock energy hit you in the base of the skull. Your eyes go white for a second. You take 11-- oh no sorry, I rolled the wrong dice for that one. You take five points of lightning damage. You see the ice crystals coalesce around the outside, not doing quite as much damage as you would have expected. The other one's going to try and use that moment to swing at you and rob you of a little more life force. That is going to be a 12. What is your armor class? Miss then. Just swings past you. The orbs now are glowing and sparking, preparing for the next round of assault. The next is going to be the entity in the center. The entity is going to use its Howling Babble ability. Every creature within 30 feet of it that can hear it has to make a wisdom saving throw, so that's all of you guys. (counting) You're just 30 feet outside of it. You would, yes. 14 hits. Roll damage. It is not, so it is less affected by the wound as it strikes through its body. You see it tear through some of the material and part of the matter. The energy disperses the moment of impact. It damaged it, but something about it being between the planes and its essence is making it not as effectively damageable with regular weaponry. That would be the wisdom save. Beau, Jester, Yasha, and Nott. As this faint energy begins to disperse throughout the chamber, you hear thousands of voices trying to whisper into your ears simultaneously. They're not making sense, and as they weave, your whole body begins to go catatonic. Your muscles tense and you fall to your knees. You're all paralyzed until the end of your next turn. It's going to fly up and back. Every melee is, if it hits. That ends its turn. That brings us to Beau. You're paralyzed, so at the end of your turn it fades. Sorry, not paralyzed, stunned. It's not paralyzed. It's stunned. Correct. It is not-- I had to read-- Stunned means you can't really do anything this turn, but half make a sentence. You're aware of your surroundings but you can't take actions or move. At the end of your turn, it wears off. That ends Beau's turn? Caleb, you're up. You back up against the wall there. That ends your turn, Caleb? Jester and Molly. Jester, you are no longer stunned. That is your turn. Molly. Okay. The cage, because the slits are very small, you cannot get your full hand in there, so with the blade there you might be able to get it, so make an attack roll with disadvantage. Just misses. You strike the outside of it, but the blow-- you watch as the urn (rocking in place). You pull it out and jab once more towards it. Apparently. As your blades are getting caught in the cage and try to pull it out, the large wisp is slowly pushing towards your body. Fjord. Okay, with disadvantage because you're aiming through the smaller space. It actually has cover. It's largely just a small space you're shooting through. 11 does hit. Your spell attack modifier. Yeah that doesn't hit, unfortunately. You're trying to shoot the remainder and manage to hit the bar, and the bar bends back a little bit from the impact of the blast. However, it's not actually hitting the urn on the inside. Yes, they are. All right, Fjord. Top of the round again. Nott, you manage to (grunt) shrug off the stun, but that's the end of your turn. Yasha, you shrug off the stun. That's the end of your turn. All right. With that, all the wisps begin to close in once more on their targets. Molly, that's a 23. You take six points of lightning damage as it shocks you from the side, again. The other one striking against you, Nott. That is going to be a 15 to hit. 16 armor class! You manage to duck out of the way of this one as well. This one is beginning to flicker angrily, as it can't seem to grasp and tear any sort of life force from you with shock. Two against you Fjord. That is a ten, six plus four. Misses. The other one is a 16. That's five points of lightning damage. Which it takes a reduced amount. That ends their turn. Now we'll see if the Howling Babble-- It does not regenerate that ability. It does not recharge it. Now as the spectral entity begins to fly back towards this side, it's going to shift over in this direction. We're going to say that it's gliding up near this pillar here. It's about 20 feet up, right by where the ceiling is, and it's glaring down at everybody. It's going to go ahead and use-- Actually, it's not, because you're all too far away. Instead, it's going to coast down towards the one that struck at it last turn. Rush right there. Between that and a Deathly Hallow look, but even more intense. Like an epic Deathly Hallow. It's going to go ahead and attempt a Maddening Touch against you, Yasha. That is a 16 to hit. All right. You suffer-- that's actually a really shitty roll for him. Nine points of psychic damage. Plus three. Sorry, 12 points of psychic damage. Then it's going to go ahead and attempt to fly back up into where it was, in the ceiling after it makes its strike. Oh you would get an attack of opportunity against it. That's right, Sentinel feat! Oh, this might fuck it up. As it comes down and strikes at you, you feel this burst of maddening intent shower into your head. It sparks your brain with this horrible searing pain. You guys watch as Yasha screams out and begins to withdraw. With that, she all of a sudden clicks back into reality and swings wide with the sword. What did you roll? 18 hits, go ahead and roll damage. (cheering) Yes, you may. Could have done that last round, too, but forgot. Yeah, with your rage, it's whatever you rolled plus five and then plus half your level. Plus seven, technically. 20 points of-- oh man that's nasty. As it tries to pull away, you click back into reality and swing wide with your sword. As you do, you cut right through the center of its body, out the other end. You watch as the robe splinters open. You see this glowing pulse of dark energy in the center. As it (guttural wail) it has to fight to reform, its semi-corporeal form. It looks like it's hurt pretty bad. Yasha, that ends your turn? Oh that's right! It was an attack of opportunity. Sorry, that was the creature's turn. Beau, you're up. All righty, go ahead and roll your ranged attack. d20 plus your proficiency. That hits. Roll 2d6. It takes eight points of radiant damage as it splashes on its form. The flames suddenly begin to ignite across the front of its cloaked exterior. Because holy flames are licking up the side of it and burning and it's (rasping cry). It's a ranged attack roll. I'll say sure. Usually you get the bonus on a punch. You have to move up to do it though. Sure. Good call. Two more punch attacks or unarmed. Both of those hit. 12 damage. You rush up off the shoulder after slamming it against the ground. You come up with a punch and an uppercut from underneath. As your fists impact, it's like punching through heavy, cold cloth. You feel like almost you're punching nothing as you do. While you're impacting, you're not sure how much damage it's doing. (whoosh) That ends your turn, Beau. Caleb, you're up. You didn't seem to notice anything. You could get right up to it. All right. You can get right there. It's a 15 foot cone, correct? You can, from the edge of where you'd be would be there, you can technically-- No, it would not quite hit that, but you can hit the creature. It makes its save. That is a seven. What's up? It rolled a seven on its DC, so no. 11, okay. Half of that. The fire doesn't seem to have as much impact. Largely because of its ghostly form, most things it seems to be resistant towards, but it's still taking damage as you're doing this. Now it's being flanked from all of you guys. That ends Caleb's turn. Jester, Molly, you're up. (counting) You have to get over here to-- First off, the will-o'-wisp makes a strike at you, attack of opportunity. 18. As you rush past, 16 points of lightning damage. I rolled double eights on d8s. The will-o'-wisp suddenly, as you try to rush, it actually darts in front of you. You run towards it, and it actually passes through your entire torso. As it does, shocking your lungs and heart, and for a second your heart doesn't beat. Then kicks back in. Your whole body feels cold, but you keep running. You push past Caleb and get right up next to the creature. 15 hits. Eight does not hit, unfortunately. The pain is too strong on one strike and you go wide, but you turn around and all of a sudden there's a moment of clarity. As the pain clicks in, you clench your jaw and swing back, striking true. You do the extra three anyway, because it's undead. How much is the sword? How much is the radiant? Five, all right, cool. It takes less damage from the swords, but the radiant does go through. It's looking pretty beat up at this point now. Between the different attacks you've done it's starting to freak out now. It's trying to figure out how best to deal with its situation. That ends your turn, Molly; Jester, what are you doing? From where you're standing? You dart over this direction. What's the radius on that, 30 feet? That'll catch all three of those and the guy. Was it wisdom saves against your spell DC? No, you're in a bad place. Far end will-o'-wisp right there, that would be a six. No. That one, nope. That one over there is going to attempt as well. That's a nine. No, so that one is also turned. The one over there is fleeing. That is going to be a 16. That does succeed? The main guy, natural 20. These two wisps now are slightly-- you rush up, and you pray for a second and hope. You know this inspiration hits you. As you clasp the symbol, suddenly the strange little archway on the top of the symbol begins to glow. There's this large burst of deep blue energy that radiates outward. As it strikes, it washes over the main creature with no effect. As it hits the two other side will-o'-wisps, both of them shiver and begin to shift away. Looking like they're actually running in fear, as fast as they can from Jester, in the center. That's your action. Not too bad. Fair enough. You have Sanctuary on you right now. Jester, that ends your turn. Fjord, you're up. 14 hits, go ahead and roll damage. With that, that one pot shatters. The ash explodes in a small cloud, pushing on the side of the wall behind the cage. That one wisp next to you flitters out of existence. You can. Oh, wisdom ability checks, not saving throws. Disadvantage on wisdom ability checks. That ends your turn Fjord? Nott, you're up. You can. Inside the cage you can see one there, and you assume there's one in there because you saw Molly going towards it. Which you can do without disadvantage, because of your feat. Well you still have disadvantage to try and fire at it, because it's in the cage. Sorry, I just realized. It's in the cage. That's for melee stuff. This is it being covered, and you're aiming through these tiny holes as you're firing at it. Well essentially. Yeah, I'd say at this close it has three-quarters cover. It's a plus five to its AC. What did you roll? Yeah, it hits. We'll say it hits, because you're right up against it with a crossbow. You're not having to aim in with it. You're (bolt flying). Roll the damage. Six is enough. The pots aren't very strong; it's just hard to touch (shattering). That will-o'-wisp manages to discorporate next to you. Okay, that one you do have disadvantage on as you're farther away from it. 19 still hits. Go ahead and roll damage. That pot shatters. That was left over from your welcome party. Yasha, it's your turn. Go for it. That hits; roll damage. 14. As you swing past with the sword and arc upward, you cut through and its cloak cannot hold back together. There's now this giant opening where this vacuous, cold heartbeat glows, visible from the inside, and its body is flickering, having a hard time keeping itself together on this side of reality. Does this end your turn, Yasha? You see this dull, blue glow that's now visible from where you struck through it. It looks like it's falling apart. Yasha, that ends your turn? Unfortunately, no. You've already used your action. That's what a monk does. Just a little flick-- That ends Yasha's turn. Now the one wisp that's by you is going to shift through the wall onto this side and is going to make a strike at you, Fjord. That is a 16 to hit. That is 12 points of lightning damage to you. As it shocks through you, and you fall to one knee for a moment. It's going to shift into that pillar and vanish. You do get an attack of opportunity on it as it leaves your range. Regular. 14 does not hit. You go to strike, and unfortunately it just makes it into the pillar and you hit stone and sparks off of it. It does take one point of force damage from spending its turn inside the wall. Now it is the entity's turn. It is going to attempt-- we'll see if its Howling Babble returns. It gets its Howling Babble back. Oh, man, I forgot that. I need all of you to roll a wisdom saving throw, please. Nope. No, there's no check for it. Beau, Nott-- Let me look at the-- It's not technically targeting the creature, you're just in the radius of what's happening. Unfortunately. What'd you roll? Well, now you get to roll. No. No. First off, all of you guys who failed your saving throw Beau, Yasha, Jester, and Nott, you all suffer 14 points of psychic damage and you are stunned until the end of your next turn. Jester's unconscious. It's going to attempt to slip into the floor. You and Caleb both get an attack of opportunity, physically. You're stunned. As it begins to shift into the ground. How do you want to do this? (cheering) As it tries to shift downward, Molly, pulling back from the screams and strange howling babble emanating from its body, you swing wide, spinning the blade in the air, and jam down on top of its form. As you do, it disperses, like an explosion of wind from the center. You watch the cloth of its body suddenly scatter, like someone had blown a heavy wind into a stack of loose cloth that all eventually turns into ash and vanishes. There, you see a dull blue glow where the sword is grinding against the stone, before that eventually dissipates into nothingness. Beau, your stun wears off. Caleb. Make a perception check. 13? Glancing about in the area, with torchlight from Yasha, you can see one visible pot that has not been shattered in that cage. A ten just barely misses. You attempt to strike through, and it smashes against the wrought iron gate on the outside and disperses against it. You can get right up to it if you want to. That brings us to Jester and Molly. You can't say anything. You're unconscious. Jester's now conscious. You stopped their effect? That brings us to Jester's turn, as you come to consciousness, since you guys are on the same initiative. That's half your movement to get up, and then five, ten, 15, that's as far as you get. What do you have to throw? You can make an investigation check to try and find a rock on the ground. Well, you took your action searching the ground. You do not find a rock. You spend the better part of six seconds going, "Wait! Ah, no it's a piece of black cloth, shit!" No actual stone, unfortunately. Sorry, Jester. Fjord, you're up. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage. 11 points of damage, nice! With that, that pot shatters, and you see this flicker in the stone column behind as the energy of the wisp flares out from the side. Nott, Yasha, you guys doing anything? No, actually your stun has worn off. Nott, you doing anything? Oh! You're stunned as well. Your stun now wears off. As you guys finish shaking off the energy, this cold energy begins to emerge from the far wall, through the bookcase. The same entity comes through the bookcase, like it's emerging from something behind. As you struck it, the energy dispersed. As you guys watch it push out of the wall, (gasping sound) making its way there. Caleb, make an intelligence check. You make a religion check with advantage, because you have undead. Straight intelligence modifier. After reading through the notes and going through the book, you recall that a lot of the magic in here entails binding the soul to the remains of the physical form, as you've seen with all of the wisps. It is a similar return of the entity you just fought. On its turn, it's going to attempt-- first, let's see if it gets its Howling Babble back. It does not; it's a one. So it's going to try Whispers of Madness again. I need only Yasha and Beau, actually. Everyone else is spread out. Yasha and Beau, I need you both to make a wisdom saving throw as the whispers now begin to emanate from its mouth. You watched it emerge through the bookcase. 16? Okay, Yasha? Seven, so Beau-- Beau, you resist the whispers and close your eyes, and as you come up to try to make this point, next thing you see is Yasha looking at you and (swoosh) down with your sword. Make an attack against Beau. You do. Well, no, you got it. Your vision, as this happens, all of a sudden goes black. You watch as this dark blood pools at the corners of Yasha's face, as you go blind from his blood maledict. So roll with disadvantage on the attack. Lowest one. You see it just in time and bat it out of the way. It hits the stone next to you. You do suffer 11 points of psychic damage, however. You watch as she swings at you, and the impact, as you parry it, Yasha goes down with the blade swing, onto the ground. There's an ability you get at later levels that does something in this scenario. Don't think you have something for that right now. I could be wrong. I'll double check just to be safe. That ends the creature's turn. As that happens, it's going to lift up and vanish into the ceiling. You watch it disappear out of place. It does take force damage for being in the wall. That's actually a good roll, six force damage to it. You have the divine energy, path zealot, and your soul is marked for battle-- the only ability you have now is the warrior of the gods. You don't have the other one yet. That finishes its turn. Beau, you're up. You watch Yasha slam on the ground, unconscious next to you, the blade clattering to the ground and coming to rest. The creature lifts up (wheezing) and vanishes into the stone above you. It was not close enough to you, unfortunately. You get the staff on the fulcrum. Go ahead and make an athletics check to force it. You try and (grunt) and it's starting to rock, but it's heavy. You start pushing. You can't quite get the bookcase to come over, unfortunately. That ends your turn? That brings us to Caleb. You can hold it as an action. You're casting the spell. Then whenever something triggers it, you release it. It seemed to take damage, though lesser, when you hit it. Jester, Molly? You go ahead and expend your bonus action. Roll for that. 2d4 plus your Wisdom modifier. You heal ten hit points. Yasha, you come to consciousness on the ground. Your weapon is about two feet from your grasp. The first thing you do, your eyes shoot open and then shoot to your weapon. Natural instinct to defend yourself. It's easily within your grasp. You just have to get up to grab it. (counting) 30. You get right to the bookcase. Make an athletics check. That would be your action to do so; you've already tried. The DC is going down as you both are working on it. As you grab and reach around the side with Beau, you pull on the bookcase. (creaking) You step back quickly as it slams onto the ground. Right behind it there's a small pocket where the stone seems to have crumbled a bit. It looks like a dark space on the inside. It's about that wide on the wall. All right, does that end your turn, Jester? That's all you've got. Molly? You have darkvision, so as both you and Jester glance inside, you can see there is a small five foot by five foot chamber inside, where there are a number of pots and small cases. It was a small burial chamber of some kind. There in the center, you see this large urn, about a foot and a half wide, squat, a dull gray color. You have no color depth in this darkness, unfortunately, with your darkvision, but it's this very squat, well-made vase or urn of some kind. You're having to put your arm through and swing towards it, so disadvantage on each strike. 13 just barely hits, but it's a hardy urn. We'll see how much damage you deal. Eight points of damage. You make impact, and you see a part of it crack from the blow, but it's not enough to shatter it. As you pull it out and jam the other arm in to go for a straight strike with your scimitar. 17 hits. Roll damage. As you reach through, you feel the urn break beneath the blow. There's this moment of silence as you hear this (low gasp) dully filter out. The entity slowly shifts from the ceiling as you watch it disintegrate. Not vanishing like it did before, but slowly dissipating. Its form suddenly goes from extremely menacing to almost sad, as you watch it turn to nothingness. It looks like it's holed up. The small hole looks like somebody tried to push through, or previously emerged and bricked what they could. You can't fit through the hole, unfortunately. You guys take a short rest of about an hour or so, as you sit down and recover your breath, take a moment to center yourself, tend to your wounds. You're pretty tiny. Make an acrobatics check. This is one of the benefits of being something so small. Ten? You just manage to pull through. It wasn't a hard-- Grease the goblin action is what you're taking. No, not for Tough, it gives you additional hit points. There's another feat that does that. You got Tough for the additional hit points. Durable is the one feat that gives you +1 Constitution when you roll hit dice. You take a moment back, and run and dive in! The greased goblin squeezes through the small gap. It scrapes your shoulders and hurts a bit. You tumble in, which is great, because you land in the remains of the ash. You are covered in grease, which all sticks to you. (screaming) You got ashed and feathered? Tarred and-- What do you call it? Oiled and ashed! It's a small chamber. It's five foot by five foot. Anyone else is going to be pretty down in there, but you fit in fairly comfortably. There's the shattered urn and a few small pieces of pottery with intricate gold scrolling. They're probably very nice pieces of art or decor. Go ahead and make an investigation check. As best you can tell, the room seems safe. There are two large ones, nowhere near as big as the central urn that's been shattered, but there's two in the corner and a few small boxes off to the side. You glance over the inside, and they are empty. They look to be pieces of art that may have meant something to the person who previously-- You may have to dig the hole open a little bit. Given a little time, Yasha begins to peel the stones from the wall around it. Yeah, which one? There's one on each side. Okay, so you take the right one. You lift the lid, and as you do, you pull it open and powder emerges into your face. Make a constitution saving throw. Four? Okay! You take nine points of poison damage, and you're poisoned for the next hour. This cloud enters your lungs and you begin coughing. It burns the inside of your throat. There we go. (laughter) It's five by five. No, there's nothing else. You look down into the box. There are sets of gold and silver rings and jewelry. It looks like whatever jewelry once may have been dressed upon the individual who was interred in that urn that was scattered. This is where their jewelry was placed. Okay. That box opens up, and there's another splash of that same poisonous powder, but you're off to the side. It only gets anyone who's immediately in front of the box. That box contains a folded raiment of some kind, like a ceremonial mantle made of dark black and gray cloth with red embroidered designs on it. Make an arcana check. You are knocking it out of the park for charity! From the giant boxes, you mean? The art are two large, well-made vases, that you eventually pull through the space here. You don't recognize it. These were made a long time ago. Okay. You have the folded mantle. The mantle is a dark black, a front chest mantle area, with gray stripes coming along the sides and this red embroidered design that emerges from around the neck, all across the front and back of the mantle. No. I mean, you can make an arcana check to see if you recognize any elements of it. You get a closer look, and you can see parts of the edges are burned. The very bottom parts of it seem to have been committed to some sort of flame. The edges of it are singed a bit. The black collar causes it to be lost at a distant view, but close up, you can see where it's been damaged. There's a fold at the front of it, a small pocket right there. Kind of, it's on the side. Because a mantle would go down to about there for someone wearing it. you put your hand in there, and it's a heavy material. The shelf is mostly empty. You have the urns in the cages. You have the tables over there. You have the two braziers filled with ash on the sides. You have the broken cages back there. Everything that you see there is what's in the chamber. Make an investigation check. Okay. Totally fine. 21, okay! You go through from cage to cage. The urns are scattered ash. Nothing catches your eye from those two. The nooses you pull through and tug on, and the rope rots and breaks in your grasp. You go past the brazier on that side with the ashes, and you poke around with your staff, and something catches your staff underneath the ash. You prod in there, and as you push it aside, there's an object in the ash that is partially burned. As you pull it free and dust it off, it's another book. A large portion of the back of it is burned off, and most of the pages are destroyed on the back end, but a good half of the book is mostly still intact. Like when it got thrown in there to be destroyed, the flame wasn't quite strong enough to consume the entire book. Yeah. As you go through, it's filled with strange script and scrolling. Make an arcana check. You can. 13. You don't understand the nature of any of this, but it seems magical in nature. The script and elements of design remind you of the things you saw on the ceiling in the previous room. Though not exact, there are similarities to the way the script is drawn. It was in the brazier, right there in the center. You start bashing and shaking it. You bend and eventually tear through some of the cage and glance through. You guys, together, begin to inspect the other cages, and honestly, in there, what you find is ash. Most everything in this chamber has been destroyed. Intentionally, it seems. Either by the previous denizen, who lived here, that you destroyed, or somebody else that had been here in here before. The only things that you find are what was in that burial chamber in the back, and that mostly burned tome in your hand. Sure. Make a perception check. There's like a purple froth at the corner of her mouth. It's spitting out-- Go ahead and make a medicine check. Okay. I'll say yes. You reduce the duration of the poison from an hour to about ten minutes. In the time it takes for guys to finish up, most of the poison eventually begins to wear off. You still look at bit worse for wear. No coins. It's just jewelry. Yeah. There's probably a good 12 or so rings in there. Detect Magic on the pile. Correct. The only magical essence you get from that pile is the large sword that was taken off the wall. It's not a magical aura from the book you just pulled from there, but even your quick glance at the way that it's bound, and the construct of it, is familiar to you. The sword is the one thing that's giving off a magical aura. It is a partially damaged, but in some ways intact, spell book. Holding your symbol and concentrating on it, and whispering beneath your breath with a big smile, the pages begin to shift out and form into a full book. The half section that's burned is restored to its previous. (exclamations of surprise) Where you get to the pages where it was burned, the ink ends at that edge. The mantle is not magical. It looks like it was an ornamental-- More like a ceremonial shroud. On the inside of the pocket, there is a lot of dried blood on the inside of it. It looks like something was kept in there that, at one point, was very viscous and covered in crimson. Of the book that you find; these are the remnants of the interior of it, and this is the sword identified for you. As part of the Identify spell you would know what it's called. It's not a Counterspell. It's a Dispel Magic. You still have to roll to see if it happens, but essentially you-- Anything within the realm of Dispel Magic. The spell itself. The hilt curves at the tip and comes up at an angle like this. Like a very subtle "V" shape. With the scrolling and runes on the edge. The blade itself is this wide, thick, gradually coming to a point, greatsword, about five feet long from hilt to edge of blade. It's practically an anime sword. Looking at it, and based on what he discovered of the sword itself, it was used in the Age of Arcanum as an executioner's blade, to kill mages that were caught by the law and went against the law of the land. It was used, and probably had been used, to execute a number of mages in the past. Caleb, as you're recalling the information from the Identify sword, you recall the notes that you picked from the book, when you entered the chamber, that spoke of a bounty hunter that had come for Siff. The trophy that was taken. You get the sense the sword that was in the wall was the trophy taken from that bounty hunter. 12 rings. Yeah, you are a mess right now. While she's looking for that, what are you guys doing? You don't see anything else moving, no. She found it. He said clear it out-- Pretty much find out the nature of the place, clear it out, bring back what you find, and he may let you keep some of the spoils. Essentially. There were rings, a couple of loose bracelets. It was basically a collection of ornamental jewelry. No, the only way out that you know of is the same way you came in. I will say, unfortunately, the urn that was destroyed that contained Siff's remains is a bit large for the Mend spell. You can only mend a foot-by-foot space. The urn was a big old thing. Nope. You see it's been scarred intentionally from the inside. Possibly, whatever flurry of intent that Siff had to burn the book, destroy everything, burn everything from the inside also, was to destroy the circle and allow nothing else to come through. You get the sense that the final moments in this chamber were probably very paranoid. That would be a religion check. For you? No. Oh. You rolled pretty well, same difference. We'll say it would have lasted a little longer, but you still managed to outlast the poison. There was no threat at that moment. What'd you roll? 15 religion? Anybody else? No? What did you roll? There you go. The Crawling King is known as-- What you can recall with a 20, strangely, and the information comes to you esoterically. You're not entirely certain where the inspiration for this knowledge comes from, but you have these images of one of the betrayer gods in history. You've heard stories or something that inspires you to remember something inhuman and larva-like a monstrous, terrible worm crawling through the deepest tunnels of the world. Now locked away, Post-Calamity, with all the rest of the betrayer gods. Best you can tell, he's telling the truth. They look like they're made out of nice metal. They're not made out platinum or anything, but they're fine candle lamps. Could be a silver-like material. Make an intelligence check. Another natural one. You have a hard time telling what kind of metal this is. You have two you never used from the fight. No, it does not. It was ornamentally placed on the wall. Are you trying to place the blade inside? You place it into there. It gets to the hilt, and it won't go all the way in. You have too much stuff in it. The unfortunate thing is, it's a very long blade in comparison to other points. The space itself is somewhat amorphous, but you consider it still a central space. Okay. You guys make your way back up through the chamber where you had the encounter with the gelatinous cube and solved the riddle of the hidden interior of this research facility. You make your way through the no longer trapped chambers, still tenuously held on the various pressure plates. As you guys are having this conversation, you continue up the spiral staircase, coming to where the wall had been blown down and then cleared out for you guys to enter. There, as you hear the familiar sound of rushing water, you climb out back into the much cooler air flow that's blowing through the subterranean tunnel. There, your two boats are still affixed, pulled up onto the edge of the river. So who's taking which boat? Yasha and Caleb on one side. The rest in the other? Are you guys going up back where you came? The river continues going, yeah. It forked ahead where you were. Correct, but it's not a strong current. It's a lazy-going current, but you could row up. It's a little harder to do. You could. It would be tiring. Make a survival check, Nott. You would because of your feat. The two of you know that in the time you spent traveling down here in the subterranean area, resting and going through these battles-- and you left midday. It's when you had arrived to begin your journey here. It's getting pretty close to dusk. Not quite yet. The sun hasn't set. Yasha, Nott, and Caleb are staying behind. You keep watch. The four of you guys-- The rest of you get into one of the boats, push off, catch up onto the current, and begin to lazily drift further down the cavern. The light picks up and spells out the interior of this chamber. You guys travel for about ten or 15 minutes down before another cavern merges with the one you're in. It looks like another side of the river seems to merge with yours. Well, you're back where the fork seems to re-merge with the path you've been taking. As you turn back onto where that happens, what do you do? Are you guys continuing to go downriver or are you going-- Jester turns it around and begins going against the current and pulling you guys up-- There you go. Switchback towards the other avenue of the fork, and you guys continue up there. It takes a little while longer, and it's a little tiring. For the heck of it, make a constitution check, please. No sweat. You're making it up the river without an issue. Your muscles are holding. It's fine. You are a beast. Eventually, the sound of rushing water gets louder and louder. You glance up in the direction where you're coming from, and there's a fine mist in the air, a spray. It looks like there is a waterfall that you guys are at the bottom of. It's about a 15-foot drop from above to the bottom of where you are. You'd have to climb to get to the top, and you have no idea how to get a boat up there. You get the sense that if you had gone the other way down here, you would've suddenly had a waterfall drop. Very thin, a half a foot to a foot, but there are a lot of stones and rocks that have tumbled through the river over time and set at the bottom that would've destroyed a boat that had fallen off the edge of that waterfall. You can make an investigation check as you're rowing up to the edge, glancing over the side. This would be more of a perception check because you can't really investigate. You're not poring through it. There's no place to pull the boat off to the side. There are only really the stones here, and they're pretty slick. You don't see any remnants of broken ship or boat. Yeah, it's hard to tell in this vicinity. You do see the water crashing down a little, so there are a couple of small platforms on the way that it's hitting and splashing off again. The spray is causing all this-- Well, at the moment, no. From what you can see in the vicinity, you see the water rushing down. On one end, it hits rock. Does not. (gasping) They're not there. Molly jumps off the boat. You row the boat. You pull through the waterfall and the boat (cracks). The opening is not wide enough for the boat, and it jams up into the space and gets lodged, and the waterfall is on you guys and in the boat. It's filling up the boat. Make a strength check. Yeah, so you have advantage because she's aiding you with this. What did you roll? 21. Yeah, that'll do it. You push away from the waterfall. Actually, I'm going to pull up some audio for this because I have it. There is nothing here, unfortunately. It's slick rocks. He's swimming, making his way through at the moment. You make your way through-- There you go. Keep it thematic. You come up from underneath and you can see, as soon as you come up and reach out your feet and your hands, both of you guys begin to catch soft river floor, and eventually it comes up to a plateau, and this is a small, enclosed chamber in the inside. It only goes back about ten or so feet. (Clarota voice) It's been a while. He's folding beer cans into little shapes. What's an alhoon to do? Anyway, you guys come out of the water and quickly glance, as your hair's drenched on the sides of your face-- except for you. It's short enough hair. On the inside, it's fairly empty, except for a skeleton. A humanoid skeleton against a back wall that is laying there. It has manacles or chains attached to its wrists, neck, and feet, and they're all connected by a singular chain in the center, and it's resting there, and it's probably been here for a while. Make an investigation check. I mean, the body's pretty rotted. It looks like whatever clothing they're wearing is very basic material that is-- It would be more disintegrated if there wasn't so much moisture in the area, and it looks like bits of it have been eaten away with fungus and mold over time. The manacles are very well made, and looking at the edges where they connect, there's a small rune at that point. Make an investigation check. Glancing around the interior of the chamber, unfortunately, there are no secret compartments or any alcoves. It looks like whoever was in here may have been an individual who escaped from a boat that was unprepared for the fall, and whoever was rowing them down this chamber either didn't survive or didn't know about this hidden alcove, and this individual was in here until they passed away. As you do, the whole skeleton implodes entirely, and the manacles slip off as the different joints pull apart and alleviate the manacles. Now you're holding the center chain, so you have the neck ring, the wrist and the ankle rings all dangling from this cluster of chain you're holding. It appears to be human. Make a medicine check. Looking at the features of the skull, they're a little bit more delicate than an average human's skull. You get the sense they may be of partial elven blood. Not full elf, but partial elf. Make an investigation check when you came back in the water. Sure. You guys both go down there. You roll twice, with advantage, then. The help action allows you to-- Looking down below there, you do see at the bottom, mostly covered in masses of soft dirt and silt, pieces of broken ship, and amongst the jagged rocks, it looks like more than one. A few ships have met their end at the base of this waterfall, definitely. Beyond that, you don't notice anything of use. You do find a rusted shortsword and a couple of broken pieces of boxes, but anything that was left at the bottom of the waterfall seems like would have been recovered. Anything of worth someone must have come back for and sifted through because everything down there is rotted wood and things that weren't useful. Okay. You guys break the surface and climb back into the boat. As Fjord (impact) over the side and you see the chains on the inside. What're you guys doing? You guys make your way back, fighting the current. Go ahead and make another constitution check. Jester's powering through, no issue. You guys make it back. You join the rest of the crew. You see a mildly damp Mollymauk. Actually the whole crew is damp at this point from being under the waterfall. At this point in time with the searching it would probably be close to an hour or so. For what you can, yeah. You've read everything in the journal you can make sense of. Well do you have another spell slot for Tongues? Well, for Comprehend Languages. Not Tongues. Draconic. Yeah, you can't cast a spell and then remember the language. He has to actually-- Yeah. Just piece by piece. All right. Now that you've re-joined with your compatriots-- All right. You guys take the boats back onto the side. Where are you resting, here on the side of the river? It's a ritual spell? All righty, you're fine. Then you're good. All righty. You guys pull the boats up on the side, head back inside. Where are you going to set up camp on the inside of the chamber? You can do that. You guys set up a small camp area, take whatever bedrolls and materials that you have to do the best you can to set up a space to sleep. You find enough of a division in the floor to at least get to a resting point and you guys begin your evening's long rest. Could I have everybody at the table except for Fjord please leave and go take your break a little early? The sleep takes you and the darkness of your dream state alleviates you of the stress of the day. Your aching muscles turning numb, your physical form and consciousness now removed and aimless in this dark space. You look down at your hands, and there you see clasped in your grip the hooked and curved blade that you had recently bound with. In your grasp, you swing it and slowly inspect as you do. As you swirl the blade around in your hand, it almost has a trail around it. As you hold it coldly in you grasp, this yellow light suddenly emerges in front of you, as a familiar, large, yellow eye now looks upon you. A voice fills you, directionless, "Consume." You glance at the blade and back at the eye and the voice again says, "Consume." What do you do? What do you do, Fjord? It's about this wide in places. It comes out and it arcs and curves and has jagged edges on it. It's cold to the touch of your tongue, the blade completely absent of any temperature. As you begin to force it down your gullet, you feel the edge of the blade hit the back of your throat and a moment of pain hits you as it begins to cut through your flesh. At that point, this ravenous hunger begins to build on the inside of your stomach. Though the pain tells you to pull away, you continue to force the blade down. As you pull it down from the hilt, you feel the blood burble up in the back of your throat and spill out of your chin but you continue to push it until the entirety of the blade is consumed within your throat. You close your eyes for a moment and look up at the eye once more. The voice returns to fill, reverberating around you. The pain subsides and it says, "Good." The eye closes. The lid completely cutting of the source, the cold, the liquid, the water around you the sense of being under the ocean again begins to whisk you away. A heavy current begins to pull from behind and you reach out trying to grasp for any hand or foot hold. Yet you have nothing to hold on to. As you feel yourself being dragged into this endless abyss, the dream comes to an end. You wake up. (panting) Everyone else is asleep in the area. No one seems to have woken up from your presence. Nothing in your hands, no. Wipe your mouth. There's a little bit of blood right there across your hand. You do and as you summon it, there before you is not the Wastehunter Blade, but the falchion now returned to grasp with a strange, more hooked and jagged appearance to it. It seems the essence of this pact has consumed the weapon you had bound with and made it one with the falchion you made this pact with oh so long ago. At the moment, no. That's where we'll take our break. We'll be right back, guys. As a reminder, we do have our giveaway tonight. We have the wenge hero vault, which is the awesome dark wood color from our friends at Wyrmwood. You can contain your dice or your character model. This will go to whoever wins tonight's giveaway. Once again, if you are in the U.S or in Canada, you are capable of winning this tonight, unless you are in Quebec, unfortunately. Come on into the Twitch chat right now. The keyword for tonight's "harvest." You can only enter once. If you enter more than once, you will be unfortunately disqualified from this. We'll come back at the end of the break to give this to the winner, so we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. Thanks so much. (evil laughter) (break) Wow, that's my wife, ladies and gentlemen. Our winner for this evening, for the wonderful wenge hero vault is Darkone_Nightshade. Congratulations, Danoba will get your contact info and get that sent out to you, congrats. All righty, so as you guys all come to consciousness, in the cold, desolate dark space within this long abandoned research facility from the Age of Arcanum, you stiffly get off the ground, collect your stuff. What do you want to do? Gotcha. Beau's doing her morning routine. You attuned to the blade, perfect. You go and inspect. No, there is no-- No sea-foam froth, though there is a bit of dried blood at the corner of Fjord's mouth. As a note, generally you can say "do I believe him?" and I'll tell you to make an insight check. It's not "I'm going to use an Insight Check action!" You can make an insight check. The wind blows through the distant tunnels above, and for a minute you all shiver as the cold wind finds its way down below. Except for you, you're fine. Are you guys taking the same boat arrangements? The two of you are helming it. You know the time of day, even though you are below the surface, keeping tracking of this because of your feat. It's roughly six in the morning. It's very early because you guys went to bed fairly early. You guys begin to make your way up the river now, going against the current, muscling your way up and up further and further still. You come across the area where you had the initial confrontation with the darkmantles and begin to push and push. Make a strength check, both of you guys. Yes. All right. As you guys continue to go forward, Yasha pushes on, manages to gain ground. Jester, while doing fine yesterday, trying to do the advanced pushes, you're still making it up the stream, but you're still a little sore from the night before. Yeah. However, you're not making any loud noises at the moment. As you glance up, none of the darkmantles-- you look up and you can see now there are a few that are adhered to the ceiling, but they don't seem to have noticed your presence yet. As you're rowing through, you're falling behind. You manage to get through unnoticed and actually way above the one boat. I need all the rest of you to make stealth checks. She's not on your boat, which would be Jester, Beau, Molly. I know. As you begin to row past to continue, quiet as you can, and with sound of the oars, it matches the slow-- it's a little bit of volume based on the river flow, but it doesn't seem to cause enough of a ruckus to draw the attention of the darkmantles above and the two earthen-based stone and vine creatures that you had originally seen emerge don't seem to notice your presence as you slowly make your way past this part of the tunnel, eventually, catching up or at least a little bit behind Yasha and their group. As you continue forward, I need both of the boat rowers to make a constitution check, please. Yasha, constitution check please. A seven. You gain a point of exhaustion. Going against the stream in itself and pushing up and with the extended push of your muscles to get through that last bit, it's beginning to take its toll on you and your muscles being to seize up. You gain a point of exhaustion. With that last bit, you guys manage to make your way up the rest of this underground river. It takes a little while, but eventually you see ahead the dull green glow of the various small lanterns that were affixed to the interior of the river cavern entrance and there you can see the docks on the side. As you approach, waiting for you, sitting in the same position up there, that older, crusty-looking fella named Rodel, who you had met on the way out, and Kara, leaning against the back wall. Looks like she's asleep in the corner, sitting in a small chair and not-- "Oh! Oh, you've returned. Rodel!" He wakes up. (grunts) They eventually get over there and help you get the boats over there. They tie off the ropes and you guys make your way up out of the water, out of the boats, and onto the dockside. She goes, "You've returned! I see that you aren't any worse for wear. How did it go?" "Fair enough. Well, let's get you back there and talk to the boss, if he's awake. He should be." She pulls out the blindfolds again, passes them out. "I understand that, but this is the boss's orders. I'm sorry." "I don't think you understand. It's the boss's orders. I can't just go against them." "Thank you. Please." She passes out blindfolds to you guys. You figure out an order of making your way down and as you made your way to this portion of the cavern, you walk back, being lead by Kara through the Underworks. Same path as you went last time, not as busy. Nobody else is walking through the halls. It's early enough where there isn't much. You do come past that chamber before where you saw the cages in there and there's two more cages set inside, even larger. One of them is a heavy meshed series of metal. You don't hear anything in there. Make a perception check for Frumpkin. With disadvantage. You do not, unfortunately. It's too dark in the distance at this point. It's too late. Eventually making your way up through a series of steps to a ladder and then you all can take your blindfolds off. You recall being led down to this chamber. At this point, Kara says, "We're almost there." She climbs up the ladder and opens a trap door that leads into a small chamber. You guys follow her up inside a storage room where there are sacks of food and barrels of all sorts of alcohol, ale, water, and whatever else materials are being kept down here. Going through a door not but two feet from that open hatch into the familiar interior of the true Evening Nip tavern. Did you leave your moon sword behind? Or do you still have it with you? No, it's up to you. Meaning, if you have the sword that you had in the sheath that the moon sword was in right now, or at least tucked in there briefly because it's a little wider than the sword you had previously had so it's going to carve through. It'll hold, it but the scabbard's probably-- Barely. Just barely. I'd say you can probably get that in there. Just making sure we knew about that. As you enter the chamber, the light is lower. It looks like only three of the interior torches are currently glowing. There is no barkeep at the bar and there are no patrons in there. The ogre guard is there in the corner. Looks a little groggy and recently come to consciousness and is feasting on a whole side of pig that has been cured and salted. It hasn't been butchered, literally tearing off the bone of the half of the pig and sees you enter and (grunts) and continues eating. On the balcony across the way, as soon as you enter, you can see at the top, there is the female goliath, Sorah, who is standing there and looking down at you as you enter and gives a head nod of acknowledgement. Kara goes, "Sorry, Sorah. Is The Gentleman awake? They've returned. Like to talk to him, please." Sorah turns around and pulls open-- You can look behind now, what little bit of light there is a drawn, heavy curtain that blocks the interior behind and goes, "Boss, the Nein have returned." Some voices on the inside and a voice goes, "Ah. Just a moment. I'm sorry. Got some business." Then coming out from behind the curtain, you see The Gentleman in this long deep purple silk robe that is tied around the waist and goes, "(laughter) Well, you've returned." "Indeed. Well, have a seat, please. (claps loudly) Some food, please." "Bacon, please. Get these friends some bacon! My god. I'll be right down." He goes back into the chamber. You hear some other voices and a slight giggle and then Sorah enters the chamber after him. A few moments pass and then one of the doors on the bottom area opens up and Sorah steps out, holds the door aside and The Gentleman, who's still in his robe but now has pants and boots on, enters the chamber and goes, "(laughter) Well, early risers. I'm not going to lie, we were sad to see you not return sooner and had assumed that perhaps you had not survived so this is a great, gracious celebration of your return." He goes and sits down behind his usual chair. "What? Was having breakfast. Anyway. You're alive, a little worse for wear. I see some scuffs around the edges. Tell me all about it. What did you do?" "I did not but good to know." "Right." "That's terrifying." Make a deception check. (laughter) "(chuckles) Really?" He pulls one out. Inspects it. "Of course. I'm a collector myself. It's fine. This is beautiful make. This is pre-Divergence as well. (chuckles)." "Oh, most certainly! To the right people, they can be worth quite a bit." "All right." You produce the candelabra. "These six rings, you say." Make a deception check. He goes, "Well, thank you for your honesty. Anything else?" He gives a very intense look across each of your faces. "You would like to inform me that you found, encountered, any warnings? We're going back in after there to clear out whatever remains behind so we want to make sure we're prepared." "Of course. We know of that." "Right, but within this facility itself?" At this point, food begins to be brought from the far kitchen. You can see the person who had just woken up has been rushing to make whatever meats are available and has been cooking. The smell begins to permeate and it's coming out piecemeal, as they're ready. "All right. Is that all? I would like to specify that I despise falsehood, and our relationship is based on honesty and trust." "What was in the pit?" "Anything else?" "So there was nothing else?" "Is that all you found and recovered?" He's done business before and is looking very intently across all of your faces. "You're dodging my question. That doesn't make me comfortable. That doesn't make me trust you." "You're telling me that's all you found?" "Nothing. I wish to be informed that that is the end of your recovery." "I'm going to go out on a limb here and inform you that, as much as you try to doublespeak me, that I've been a master far longer than you have." He catches it. "All right. Thank you." "Is that all of it?" Make a deception check. I'll say sure. I'll give you advantage on this. Because you both-- She's rolling. We didn't think this through. At that point, he sits back comfortably. "Very well. Thank you so much. I'm impressed. I am happy. Keep the rings. I said you can take something back with you, and you've done your job. You've proven yourselves very trustworthy. Please, at your leisure. Take solace in knowing that your friend, Horris, is safely on his way to Berleben." "Safely." Make an insight check. He's being completely honest. "Of course." He snaps his fingers, and over by the curved stairway that leads down in here, two gentlemen that were sitting there in the shadows, unseen before, sit up. He goes, "Go on!", and they both get up and leave up the stairs. He goes, "I've now initiated my means of getting you folks and most likely, Dolan, off the hook for the murder of the High-Richter. It may take some time, a day or two, maybe more, but have some faith in my abilities. Just lay low for a few days, if you don't mind." "If all goes well, you won't need it from me. With that, I call that a bargain met on all sides. Wouldn't you?" He takes a little piece of burnt pork off the table. "Congratulations. You have my favor, Mighty Nein." He turns to Fjord. "If you ever need me, come find me. If I should need you, I'll find you. Now, off! I have to finish my breakfast, and my breakfast." "Oh yes, of course. We keep those for anyone we do business with. Sure. Standard procedure, I'm sorry." He just stares. "Of course. Be safe." Finishes his meal, glaring at Nott on your way out. As you guys exit the bottom of The Evening Nip up into the proper top of the tavern, you step out. Looking out, you can see the morning sun has risen. It's still early morning at this point in time. It's probably eight o'clock in the morning at this point. SAM and Dolan was left at his home. That's the last you saw, just him at his home. As you guys begin to walk along the streets of Zadash here in the morning air, the cloud cover in the sky still gray, sunless, cool. You can see the mist of the town is now finally burning off, but the gray day is still cool and welcoming. You're going to Dolan's house? You make your way towards Dolan's, trying to still dodge too much attention from the crownsguard, which thankfully-- Not too strong at this point. They still are trying to prevent people from entering and exiting, but there are still patrols that go through. You make your way carefully through, this point in the morning, towards the exterior of Dolan's hut. You guys come up to the exterior of Dolan's home. It's dark on the inside. A moment passes, and the door (lock clicks, creak). Dolan's head peeks out. "Gentlemen, it's good to see you. What news have you?" "Of course." "Of course. I'll see what I can do. Things are a bit tense right now, of course." "Of course. How is Horris?" "Oh, thank god." "To Berleben? That's far enough away, I think, from any influence here. Thank you. Thank you so much." "I hope so." "That would be. I'd like to see a turn for the right in this city, or another, at least. There is right in this city. There are good people. As terrible as the death of the High-Richter may be, in essence I think much good may come out of it, in the long run." "We shall see. Anyway, you musn't be seen dilly dallying along at this home, just in case. Thank you for the update, thank you for Horris, and good luck, friends. I do hope we meet again soon, in better times." Closes the door, locks it behind. Are you guys heading back to The Leaky Tap? Okay. As you head back to The Leaky Tap, people are starting to come to consciousness and exit the building. The street becomes a little more bustling. One of the barkers, one of the town criers that you had seen before when you arrived begins coming down the street, and begins doing his shouts. "Harvest Close comes on the third of Fessuran! Harvest Close comes on the third of Fessuran!" and continues walking past. You get closer to The Leaky Tap and see another female-- Another town crier comes by, younger female, with the big tabard and the scroll as she walks by says, "Conflict at the Xhorhasian border grows violent! Watch your children at night!" "Conflict at the Xhorhasian border grows violent! Watch your children at night!" She continues walking. She looks back at you, "I'm just reading the paper." "It's for me to read from. I have one. No--" On this, it has the Xhorhasian note, and it has the Harvest Close coming the third of Fessuran. Those are the two notes of the day. "That's my job." "Ah!" "I don't know." Make an intimidation check. Sure. With advantage. (Stammering) No, at the Victory Pit. It's in the Pentamarket, probably. I don't know. The third of Fessuran is about five days away. You guys return to The Leaky Tap and we'll say for the time being, we're going to have a few days of downtime. If there's anything specifically you want to do, that's not story-centric. All right. What are you selling? None of the rings have gems. They're all base metals, like gold and silver. If you want to try and hock some, sure. They are. You can do that. What do you want to do at Ren's? Okay. You spend a little bit of time watching. It's still a functional physician's practice. People still need a physician. You can't tell from a distance if it's darkened by the arrest of Lord Sutan, but you can't imagine it's gone well within the family house. It's still a functional facility. It's still one of the finer places to go for medical purposes. Yeah, easily enough. You walk into the main area, and one of the clerks there with the same white robes approaches. "Can I help you, sir?" "What do you require of the Doctor?" Make a deception check. He goes, "I'm sorry to bother you there, sir, but he's not in at the moment, but we have a few of the clerks that could help you." His eyes go wide. "We have no business--" "Very well. I'll go fetch him." He walks past you out of the-- He walks around you and exits the front of the facility and begins walking down the road, out of sight. Make a perception check. Okay. Bee-lining straight to the nearest crownsguard. A moment later, two crownsguard come rushing, blades drawn, behind the clerk, who's pointing towards the front of the building, and they rush past you in the interior and begin to look around. They both split on the inside and begin going through the different rooms. It seems not only did he not believe you, but dropping the name of the Myriad in a public space like that, that's immediate call to the guard for these guys. For the most part, the places of worship, they're not very prominent. They're not huge temples. They're kept here out of law that was decided upon, but they're nice. They usually have a handful of crownsguard stationed to each, but it's not like they're under intense watch. There aren't a lot of worshipers during certain times of the day. Of all of them, I would say it would be the Raven's Den, which is at the Ossuary Gates, which is the large, vast graveyard of most of the higher-ranked families of this city. The Matron of Ravens' temple is the one that's least attended, largely because, dealing with death, it's not as bright and welcoming to the common folk. Okay. You wait for a while, and see a moment where it is relatively calm. The outside of the shrine is this iron obsidian archway that stretches up about 20 feet to frame a small shrine, topped with a statue of the Matron, and her ravens about her, this circle of ravens that curves around. You see the female figure standing in stone, the sculpture of the porcelain face-- the only material that's not the same as the darkened stone around her-- it's a white porcelain mask that is affixed to the front of the statue. At the base of it, you can see a number of bowls and offerings that have been left around from people that have come and passed through. Beyond that, there is a door to the small shrine behind it, it's this small structure. Maybe 20 feet by ten feet. It's not a very large shrine. You've seen groups of people that function as morticians, in long dark robes and dark clothing, that have entered and exited this facility. You wait for a while, as there is one body that's being interred at a family plot, and then as they all begin to scatter, you see a few other leave, and at that moment, the interior, from what you can tell, is empty, or at least you've watched three individuals leave. You can certainly try. Sleight of hand for the mustache. As you leap up onto the statue, and go to affix the mustache to it, a voice over by the shrine says, "Excuse me? Excuse me!" You see a pale young man, short blonde hair, emerge with a similar dark robe that you didn't see in the inside of the shrine. He goes "Could you please-- you're not allowed to climb the statue. "I appreciate that-- Well, thank you. It's just-- considered-- "Thank you so much." "I appreciate that." "Please do. Please I can pray with you if you'd like." He sits down next to you and you both silently sit there, on your knees, and begin to pray quietly up to the Queen. You watch as one raven looks down over you both. Soon as he looks up and finishes his prayer, he extends his hand for a moment and it takes off. "Not often, but perhaps she smiles upon you." "All right. Well, have a good day." He gets up. At this point, the rest of the funeral procession is now returning to the shrine. Oh yeah, you can tuck it under any of the various offering bowls. Now you know, perhaps another time you can come by and try it again. Anything else you wish to do over the next few days? No, it's a fungal powder. Skein, I've heard many arguments over the pronunciation. No, the word is a real thing. It's a weaving term. It's a fungus. Make a medicine check. It looks to be a fungus of some sort with a property to it. Two of them have taken it. The two of you that have ingested the skein-- Ten minutes pass, and the edges of your vision begin to cloud, and as you sit for a moment your body begins to feel a bit weird. Nausea creeps in a bit. Then, a very faint snow of dust in your vicinity begins to coat. You know the Upside Down? Where there's that weird material floating around. A little bit. Only for about ten feet out to you. It's a ten foot area around you, and the coloration of your vision in this area becomes a gray, colorless, black, white, and gray tone. I need you both to make a wisdom saving throw. 15? Okay. The effects of it you resist the hour long stun it would have held you in, as it is not a healthy thing to ingest under any circumstances. It is a very dangerous substance. For the duration, the two of you can see into the Ethereal Plane out to ten feet. They can see into the Ethereal Plane out to a range of ten feet. It's not quite like that. As this happens, this translucent piranha-faced serpent scoots by, this ghastly looking angler fish creature like-- (gasping breathing). Yeah, this is more of a downtime period, so I'm trying to get through events. In the best interest of keeping a low profile for the next few days, you both wander out into the city streets, altered on-- As you guys begin to wander through the Interstead Sprawl, once again, the strange shapes pass through your peripheral. You occasionally hear this chattering and distant chuckling, this weird alien laughter. There seems like drifting spiritual energy that freezes your blood as you pass by. It's a really uncomfortable sensation. For about an hour or so you wander in this space. At the end of the hour I need both of you to make a constitution saving throw. You feel your body begin to grow woozy, and for a second you feel like you're about to black out and pass out but you catch yourself, and the sensation passes, your vision returns to normal, and it has run its course. You didn't discern or learn much, and you feel exhausted. Your body is pretty strained by the process. You get the essence, being one who's in tune with your body, and you as well, that this is definitely not a safe substance. It may have, with the right scenario, some situationally beneficial properties. It's like a crumbled, dry, almost a spongy-- Make an investigation check. (shouting) "Tell me what you know!" You don't glean a lot of details. Most folks tend to steer clear and walk to the other side of the road when they see you coming. What you do get to hear is that-- Amongst the Ashkeeper Peaks, the mountains that largely border the south and eastern side of The Empire, to the north, there is that break. That's where the Ashguard Garrison is and the Rockguard Garrison. That's where most of the battle takes place. That's the protection border that The Empire holds to keep the Xhorhasian hordes and creatures from the waste to wander in. Although many still filter through the mountains and such. Apparently there's been rising conflict out there. Assaults on the garrisons, yeah. Northeast of where you are. Further east more, east, little bit north. You have a map. You can look. You guys bought a map. Yeah, this is throughout a week so if you wanted to pull the map out-- I don't know where you guys put the map. You have a physical map. Go get it. Or somebody other than the pregnant woman go get it. Correct. The conflict has been more common. There's been assaults on the garrison. It seems similar to what you heard wandering through the street before, there have been more whispers of children being stolen in the night from homesteads close to the border. To the east, you can see the garrisons, and the gap that leads to the Xhorhasian side. Anything else you guys want to do? There are a few facilities in which there is a parcel system that travels between the larger cities and can go to outskirt cities, but those are a little more expensive. Yeah, that does exist. To Felderwin? How big a package? For a week's worth of travel, it'll cost you about five gold, not too much. It's a fairly upper end system to send a package. For you guys, yeah, for the average person, it's not cheap. There is no rush delivery. They can only go by the speed of horse. Tracking number included. All righty. I think I know where you're sending it, so. All righty. How much? 50 gold. You assemble this package, wrap it up, I imagine disguise yourself once more. Paying five gold for delivery, the parcel is sent and on its way to Felderwin. All righty, anybody else? Not a party. MARISHA and Yeah, we'll come back. You find Nott. Yeah. Where are you going? Easy enough to do. "You go ahead and purchase enough materials as you need to get your spells there transcribed. Good on you." Sure enough. "You may. It's not going to fetch you too much because it's seen a lot of use. " "That's wonderful. I think in the long run, that'll be a very useful feature, but it's also not that uncommon of an object-- " "Yeah. I'm touched by the sun every morning." (laughter) "Well, that's the nature of business. I'm afraid." Make a persuasion check, if you want. Your persuasion pity roll. "All of your money?" "I'll take it off your hands for 40." "All right. We'll find a good home for it. I trust you on that." "No problem." Your flask is done. A Flask of Endless Alcohol. No, but it'll be an item on your person tomorrow. When I get in there to customize it. It'll be waiting for you. Quite a headache. Pocket bacon! It's the best kind! Cobalt Soul. Cobalt Reserve is on Tal'Dorei. All righty. You head to the Archive. What would you like to do? All right. You ask around for a bit. Some of the various monks recognize you on entry, and they greet you with an acknowledging nod. You didn't make a lot of friends while you were here, of course. However, you do come across Archivist Xenoth who, as you're asking the question, one of the monks sends you over to Xenoth. He goes, "Oh, Beauregard. It's good to see you." "How may we help you?" "I can go and inquire. Are you here for more training?" He looks genuinely spooked by the smile and is like, "That's something. Manners! That's new. I'm proud of-- " "Right, all right." He turns around and ascends up one of the slowly curving staircases that is carved through one of the bookshelves. You see a bookshelf that ends and then a further depth in and there's a staircase that rides up to the top. There's a second level above. He's gone for about 15 or so minutes and then eventually descends the stairs. From behind, you can see Dairon. Her dark skin over the shoulders draped in this long cloak-vest, similar to the arraignments you wear, but with a deep gray. Her at-home wear. As she steps down, her elvish features smiling, her eyes taking acknowledgement of your presence, approaches you. "You have called for me." "Of course. This way," and Dairon walks past. Xenoth goes, "It was good to see you, Beauregard!" Dairon leads you to one of the meeting chambers, which is usually used for research and individuals that want to quietly read through books or take notes. Dairon closes the door behind, and it's just the two of you. "So what are the honors?" "Good. I've heard. You are making a small name for yourself with your friends." "I don't know, is it?" "Good. I've worked hard to not be easy to read. I'll tell you one thing being invisible can get you in some doors that otherwise you could not, but notoriety can get you in doors that you couldn't otherwise as well. Either path has its benefits; the choice is yours which to take." (chuckles) "With enough training and discipline, maybe. Two things, unfortunately, you lack." "In time, perhaps. So why are you here? Just to tell me you're in town?" "That is good. I'm proud of you. Do you wish to train?" "I always have time." "All right." Dairon leads you out of the chamber and down below the archive where, as you recall, is the subterranean training boxes for the monks in which you have sand pits, you have all sorts of assembled-- essentially-- the word escapes me-- A series of things you have to climb-- Thank you! An obstacle course-- my brain is not working right now, at the moment. Obstacle courses, and places that are designed to help you gain more skill in advancing through urban and exterior vicinities. It looks like a parkour park a little bit, but not-- there in that space, you and Dairon spend the better part of the afternoon-- her essentially beating the shit out of you via these courses, showing you some better placement of your applications of Extract Aspects, hearing tales about the things you've encountered, and teaching you the importance of the specific bits of information that is most useful in the heat of battle-- advancing this training and giving you a little more focused idea of the path that you have been taking, and the path that you are going. She knew that they had come through; she is caught off guard that you had actually encountered them directly. Dairon says, "Interesting. I will take this into my studies." Dairon goes from this very cold exterior. For the first moment, you see a brief crack of emotion, and she leans in. "Whatever those things told you, do not trust it. Do not take it as anything but desire to conquer and kill." "Oh, I'm sure they were looking for something. Do not show pity for these things." "Unfortunately, the detailed business of the Cerberus Assembly is very carefully guarded and outside of our jurisdiction, but we're doing our best to keep an eye in case anything slips through the cracks. They do a lot of good, but I don't trust a mage that powerful." "None that I've come across." "Keep your ear out. If you encounter another one of these things-- these objects-- or at worse, another one of these Cricks, bring what it has, bring it to us." "Of course. I may not be here in a month or so--" "I'm going to travel to Bladegarden. See what I can gather on the front lines. With these conflicts escalating, I wish to be informed as to who's in charge there and perhaps what dangers might be creeping further into the empire." "Bladegarden is outside of where the garrisons are, yes. It's where most of the main military is held." (chuckles) "I've survived long enough. Anyway, one more round of sparring?" With that, you and Dairon continue to trade blows and continue the lessons throughout the day. Anything else anyone wants to do? At this point, sure. Both of you, or just you? All right. As you focus on the strange artifact, concentrating on it, you feel your vision drawn towards it. Part of you feels like your body's leaning forward, like you're about to hit your forehead, but Caleb hasn't moved at all. Caleb hasn't moved, but from your perspective, you feel like-- and then suddenly, you feel like you're within the dodecahedron, and like previously, suddenly there's this loss of light, and stars begin to peek out around you. As you continue past that threshold, the speed begins to increase. You feel the back of your neck begin to grow warm and the hair begin to stand up. While you cannot see, you can still sense your body's presence-- unmoving, but moving so quickly, this duel sensation is conflicting and causing your heart rate to jump. Your breathing begins to speed up. You guys watch as his breathing begins to increase. There, you see this faint gray glow approach and stop. Your speed comes to a slow crawl and then halts. There before you, you see this tiny, little mote of gray, pulsing light; a similar undulating pulse as the dodecahedron itself (heartbeat) before you. What do you do? No response. It looks like it's right there, but a foot in front of you. It is immediacy and forever; it is an ancient concept of possibility. As you ask these questions and begin to contemplate, the loop of your thought process begins to cycle on itself, and you have to shake your head not to be lost in this infinity that threatens to suddenly disperse you. Still, it is this tiny, gray thing before you, and it seems to want your contact. You look down and you can see your hand in front of you. As you reach out and touch, you guys watch as this-- You hear him talking. You see a faint mote of gray begin to drift out of the dodecahedron, and then it floats and enters and vanishes into the chest of Caleb. TRAVIS and Caleb, you feel this tiny mote come into your hand, and then you pull it to your chest, and you feel this warmth, and for a second probability becomes slightly malleable. This object is still so much more than what you understand; its power is indecipherable on the scale of your puny, mortal knowledge, but you do know that somehow, by reaching out to this device, you've managed to pull within yourself a Fragment of Possibility. Just so you guys know-- well, he'll tell you when he gets around to it. That's up to him to tell in the story. No. The moment that that enters his chest, Caleb pulls his hand from you. Caleb, your eyes adjust, and you're back in the room with your friends. Player privilege, unfortunately. He's the one who that looked into it. If he doesn't tell you soon, I'll tell you, but-- Once per day it can grant one person a luck point. It grants you this mote of energy. It gives you-- the Fragment only lasts for eight hours. You can only give out one Fragment per day, so-- Correct, yes. It could be the same person every day or it could be a different person. It gives you the chance that this could be used by anybody in your group. What do you mean? Anyone can use it. The following day, through your various lowkey journeys, you catch another town crier wandering through the town, shouting, "Murderers of the High-Richter brought to justice. By the crown's protective eye, Zadash is free from these treacherous cut-throats!" (shouting) "I don't know! I'm just told to tell this!" (fearful shout) This is the next morning. Over the next few days, the Crownsguard and the Righteous Brand, which is the name of the military of the Empire-- the presence at the gates of Zadash has dwindled to normal. The backed up caravans and travellers begin to wash into the city once more in preparation for the Harvest Close festival, now only but a few days away. You watch as strands of linen all of the colors of autumn are affixed between street arches and lantern poles; a celebratory display, far less fancy, but more widespread than the Harvest Close Gala not but a week before in the Tri-Spires. That's where we're going to pick up next week! (cheering) We're going to pick up at the Harvest Close festival! A Fragment. Fragment of Possibility. Well done, guys. All righty, so I'll go ahead and get those custom items over to your guys' inventory on D&D Beyond tomorrow. We'll come back next week for a Harvest Close Festival. We get to have a festival. Those always go well. It's going to be great! That's up to you guys. You're more than welcome to! Harvest Close. It's the end of autumn. All the colors are like reds, golds, browns, tans, yellows. All righty. Indeed.