Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Nice try. Before we jump into tonight's game, we have some quick announcements to get through. First and foremost, we have our fantastic returning sponsor, for the second year now with this campaign, our friends at D&D Beyond. (VO as Merciri) "That's simple. It's D&D Beyond." "Standing three feet tall, halflings are adept at hiding, avoiding conflict, and have remarkable luck. They are a typically happy race, sort of the opposite of goblins. Ew, goblins. Goblins are super gross. Seriously." "Accessing data. The answer is Travis Willingham." "Taliesin Jaffe. He has 4000 years of knowledge." "Number one, Travis Willingham. Number two, a tie between Marisha Ray, Laura Bailey, Ashley Johnson, Liam O'Brien, Taliesin Jaffe, and Matthew Mercer. Number three, Maxwell James." (laughter) "Wil Wheaton, Khary Payton--" "Wil Wheaton, Khary Payton, Will Friedle, Marisha Ray." "It doesn't matter. She's an amazing, talented woman and she should be on every list." "You rolled a one." "You rolled a one." "You rolled a natural 20." "Just visit dndbeyond.com, or, if you don't have a computer, just tweet your D&D-related question directly to Matthew Mercer's Twitter account. He promises to respond to you within three hours." Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, our friends at D&D Beyond. We kicked off our second season of Between the Sheets this past week with our fantastic friend Logic, Bobby. It was a great interview. You can check out the VOD at youtube.com/criticalrole, and we'll be chatting next monday with Quyen Tran, which is our wonderful Sam Riegel's wife. The amazing, accomplished director of photography for all of television and film, and a genuine badass. You'll watch it and be like, "Sam?" And you know what? He'll agree. (laughter) But yeah, so check it out. It's 700pm Pacific Time at twitch.tv/criticalrole. Laura, you have some merch updates, I believe. Thank you, Laura. Final announcements tonight. This is an important final announcement we're actually taking a week off from Critical Role next Thursday, February 7th, and Talks Machina will also go dark that Tuesday, February 12th. We'll be back on Thursday, February 14th at 700pm Pacific with Critical Role, so we'll see you guys then. I believe that's it and all, as far as the announcements are concerned. That being the case, it's time to jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [water bubbling] [thunder] [explosion] (chanting) Role! Critical! Role! [dramatic Critical Role theme] And welcome back. (laughter) I salute you, Laura Bailey. So, last we left off, the Mighty Nein had found their way back from the Menagerie Coast to check in with some friends and the general chaos brewing, based on the conflict between the empire and the Kryn Dynasty. Upon traveling, making your way towards the city of Felderwin, a city involved with Nott's history, you discovered that this apothecary that had burned to the ground belonged to a male halfling, who has now gone missing, and discovered that Nott had a little boy. After learning about Nott's history, learned more than that. You learned that Nott at one point was indeed a halfling. Through a vengeful plot by the goblins that stalk the southeastern regions of the empire's Marrow Valley, she managed to help her family escape, but was drowned and then reincarnated by some sort of a hooded power figure that had an alliance with these goblins, it seemed. Brought back as a goblin and has been living as such for the better part of two years now. Upon asking around the city and getting some information, you discovered that the husband of Nott, or Veth, if you will, has been apparently taken by the Kryn, and had some involvement with his alchemical studies with the Cerberus Assembly and this study of dunamis. You acquired a few objects from a subterranean basement laboratory that was mostly trashed, apparently in the razing of the city. You then decided to go and inspect the tunnels where these Kryn emerged from. One of them apparently was still somewhat intact. Deciding to not be balked by a sheer wall of stone and rock, Jester proceeded to twice Polymorph herself into a dire honey badger and burrow her way through hundreds and hundreds of feet of rock, emerging on the rest of this uncollapsed burrowed tunnel of a large worm creature they had used to attack, without warning, the city of Felderwin. As you, the Mighty Nein, had made your way beyond that boundary and began to step into this subterranean cavern system, stalking and seeking the path that these individuals took here, beneath the surface, we begin tonight's game. First off, how would you like to prepare? What is your marching order? Let me know what your plan is now, going in to the sheer, dark underground beneath the Marrow Valley. Not frustration. They're not knives. Well, first off, a marching order. These tunnels here can range between brief bits of cavern and open chambers to following this carved worm tunnel, which is about ten feet wide and is cylindrical. You can have at most two people shoulder-to-shoulder going through each place. I would like to know, for the majority of this journey-- and tell me when you want to change it up at any point-- I want to know what your marching order is, traveling through here. We have Caleb and Caduceus towards the center. Go look. There you go. Yasha and Beau at the front. Behind that, Caleb and Caduceus. Who's behind them? So Fjord and Jester at the front. Then, Nott, you're taking the back? So then where's Yasha? Don't apologize. It's okay, we're figuring this out. Okay, yeah, if you would like to have taken your-- I don't have the mini on me at the moment. I can do that at the break. However, as you've worked out your grouping, traveling through these tunnels, you go on for an hour, two hours. Those at the front, which would be you two, I'd like you both to make a perception check, please. So you're helping. Keeping a watch as you guys progress, the faint perpetual decline goes deeper and deeper beneath the earth. The rushing sounds of the underground river that seems to be walking alongside this passageway slowly fades as you see the river now pass beneath stone, the cavern come to an end, and the entrance of the next portion of the tunnel where the worm creature had to burrow into this chamber. There are natural pockets of cavernous areas here, but a lot of them aren't connected except for by this particular burrowed tunnel. So that's probably going to be the path you're going to be looking for wherever you're traveling. Yasha stares ahead for a moment and goes, "Having been to places like the coast, "it's not very nice." Rolling your perception, you don't see anything aside from the natural formations. There's the smell of hard water and wet earth that permeates the entirety of this chamber, and continuing on for quite some time. The natural chambers and pathways here are chained together by these tunnels, but within them, it doesn't look, from anything you've seen so far is lived in. You don't see signs of any other creatures making homes or nests. You do see bits of quartz-like crystal forming from gathered minerals over time. A series of stalactites and stalagmites that find their way through the-- see? Thank you guys, for your help. Yes. Just keep giving me suggestions. Really figured it out. It's not condescending at all. Make a survival check. Yeah, the previous tunnel. Yeah, based on looking at the ground here, which is mostly packed dirt and general loose pieces of pebbles, and things that were pushed and ground around by the creature that made its way through the area. In its wake you can see familiar footfalls, similar to the shape that you'd previously seen that didn't match the rest of the crownsguard and/or the Righteous Brand that existed in the vicinity of Felderwin. You do notice the trail, the tracks, of the Kryn warriors that had exited, and it does lead and follow the burrowing path of the worm. It's about ten feet wide. Eight to ten feet wide. No, roll a nature check. You have no idea if sheep's pupils are square. All right. You push on? What little light you have shoving back the darkness, via the dull orb that Caleb is carrying in the center of the heart of your traveling troupe, you leave that first winding cavern and begin to continue down the burrowed hallway created by this worm. It stretches on for a mile, two miles, five miles... Sure. Make a perception check. Walking along, the things you do notice is the stone and earth seems fairly smooth, the way it's pushed through, but getting up close you can see tiny little scrapes or hooks, where you gather is probably how the creature manages to break through and push its way through, through expanding and contracting muscles within its long body, and these spine or scale-like protrusions that dig in and pull it along rather quickly underground. Beyond figuring out the locomotion of this entity, this creature, you don't, along this part of the journey at least yet, see any signs of purposeful markings, essentially. Continuing on for the next five to six hours, still following this tunnel, starting to get a little tired. If I recall, it was somewhere around midday, a little after noon. I'd say at this time, it's probably close to dusk on the surface. Fucking feat. I know it's in the book! You passed water in the first cavern that you went through. That lasted for maybe about a mile or so. The bulk of it weaving through where a lot of the water passing through that river carved through the rock over time, but then eventually that trailed off, and this burrow was the only other path to take. You've been there for a number of hours now. You keep pressing on. All right. A few more hours pass. People at the front, roll perception checks for me, please? Good to know. You had a question for Caduceus, you said? You continue on for another hour or so. You do come to another chamber, but it's only about 30 by 20 feet wide, and it's a heavy geode. It looks like there are a locked piece, a pocket of old, stale air that was opened up as this worm burrowed through. You can see broken crystals of many beautiful colors, a lot of them milky white, quartz-like, a few that are almost a purple amethyst tint to it. It's a beautiful prism. As you see, the entire room is a scattering of shades of purple, pink, and, strangely, orange. It refracts the light in a way you haven't seen before, and for the moment, this dark ominous space becomes this beautiful disco. Make a perception check. Just a perception check. You take a moment and listen to the quiet. No sound. No vibration. Yes, on the edges of it. However, where the worm had burrowed through, there's a part of the ground that's digging into a divot. The interior of the geode's been carved out in that space. There are small bits, maybe like two- or three-feet pockets, but a large portion of this little geode chamber is mostly covered in crystal. Yes. Quite a bit of it has been cracked and broken. Make a nature check for me. A lot of this appears to be natural crystal. It's not a particular gemstone or anything really precious, per se. You're sure you could probably-- there are uses for it. Some people like to use them as focuses for healing and for general decor. Simple, cheap jewelry can be made from this as well. Yeah, there you go. Okay. You're not sure what the worth is. You haven't delved in the realm of selling or purchasing crystals in the street before, but you imagine, depending on the person, you could probably get a little bit of coin for it. What are you doing? Yeah. You couldn't cover the entire dome, but you could definitely create a portion of it that's in a shell. You essentially diffuse element of that rock away from it to create the shell on the opposite side. Totally doable. You create a hut? You guys take your evening's rest. There's a pause. Then the voice comes through, "Well, I would say it is not advised to "give it up, to pull it out of your bag. But who am I to keep you from taking an artifact "into the heart of danger?" You have a high enough wisdom to know that there was a hint of biting sarcasm to his statement, but interpret that as you will. Now, is everyone taking a comfortable evening's rest within the hut? You do have a pretty decent setup, between the Tiny Hut and the Alarm threads. Okay. You guys all find yourself to rest here, deep beneath the surface of Exandria. For some of you, dreams come. For some of you, no, it's a clean sleep-to-wake experience, until eventually, you slowly come to consciousness, feeling rested, though strange to not have a day or night cycle. Nothing has changed from your experience. You feel like you've rested, but have you? It could have been an hour; it could have been eight hours. Being this far beneath the surface for an extended period of time is going to be a little strange for those of you who have not had that experience, which is all of you. You would know-- that's a good question. Let me look it up real fast. "You always know the number of hours left before the next sunrise or sunset." I'd say, yeah, you'd be able to tell everyone. Even just informing everyone of the time, it's still-- You can say it and be like Oh yeah, guys, it's 900 in the morning! You're like cool. No issues. Nothing has changed. Frumpkin did not notice anything out of the ordinary. As the hut comes to a close, and you step out from behind the somewhat created stone shell placed by Caduceus, the tunnel is yours. You got it. As Frumpkin keeps you warm in the throat region, you all continue onward. Same order? Those helming the charge at the front, either each take an individual perception check, or you may help for advantage. Mage Armor, yeah, good call. Nice. A few more miles of winding tunnel continue before you, and it's a very trying, monotonous experience, where it's lengths of time and travel where there's no real change in topography. Slight variations as it winds in this natural shifting with the physicality of the creature that burrowed it, but it's this cylindrical of stone and earth for hours and hours, until you catch the next first glimpse of another chamber opening before you. You do not see any movement. As you get a little closer, you can begin to see the interior of the chamber near where it opens up inside. The air here is already pretty chilly, here beneath the surface. The air has more moisture to it than the tunnel you've been traveling through. You can smell a bit of that heavy mineral subterranean water scent. You listen in for a second, and you can hear the subtle dripping of condensation, probably from the ceiling, which means there's probably a nearby water source somewhere in the vicinity. There is a chamber that opens up ahead of you. Roll stealth checks for me, please. SAM, LAURA, and Pass Without a Trace. Good call. Did you roll for Yasha as well? Moving into the chamber as it opens in, you can see this area has quite a heavy clustering of stalagmites and stalactites all across the interior of this chamber. It opens up maybe 40 or so feet wide, and it seems to curve around this large bend. Elements of it rise. While you do not see a river, looking up at where the water's dripping from, you get the sense there might be a large body of water not that far above. Elements of the groundwater are trickling through, and elements are gathering to create the interior of this chamber. Yes. You know where north is. You don't have a GPS, per se, but you know where north is. Right, so you have a vague idea. You've been traveling for a day from Felderwin, right? So it's about, say, 24 miles in a day. You'd be about there. This vicinity here, so you're right in this vicinity. There are the heavy stalagmites and rock protrusions from the ground that litter the interior of the chamber as it curves off to the side. You cannot see where the worm went through. Can't see the other side. It looks like the worm, when it entered this chamber-- you don't see in your vicinity where it may have continued to burrow. You get the sense that maybe this creature, and the people that were steering it, were leading it through whatever open chambers were possible, and then only burrowing when there was no continuation. Make a survival check. You're looking for...? Okay, so both of you are looking for essentially signs of things. Okay. Perception check and then survival check from each of you. 21? Okay. That's better. All right. Looking around, you continue to see the footfalls, the footprints along the patches of ground where it seems like dirt and dust has been settled in areas that are a little bit wet from the moisture in the air. You can see some of these grimy recesses in the muck and the dirt that is similar to the footfalls you've already seen in previous chambers of what appears to be of the Kryn. You can see some of the stone formations in the ground. Two of them appear to be broken and pushed over where it looks like the creature may have shoved its way through. It goes around the edge and then curves up out of sight. You can try to continue to look in that direction, but from what you can see the vicinity, that's the path it's taking. You were looking for...? Holes in the wall? All right. Looking around the vicinity, you don't see any holes in the wall. You do see there are elements in the rock where there are cracks and you can see where small bits of water are slowly dribbling through and then (dripping). They're pretty decent. Perfect. So you paint a little figure of the-- So you're watching the entrance-- Okay. So yeah, as you walk over there, there is an area where it curves in then rises up a little bit. To the left, you can see a small pool of water where it's gathered and created this little tucked in the side pool, maybe five-foot by 15 feet. Go ahead and get close to it, it looks clear. It looks very-- You can see the bottom, it looks to be no more than have five, six feet deep. You can see where it continues up off to that side. Jester finishes painting the statue. You look around for somewhere to place it. There are a number of these larger rock formations, five, ten feet tall, eight-foot tall, little squat ones. What do you want? Okay. Perfect. All right. She's writing that down. You were at the front? Who's watching the back? All right. Perception check, both of you guys, just to make sure you're keeping watch. All right, you watch the distant path, the dark that continues curving up off to the side. You look over there. No movement. You're looking towards the tunnel where you guys came from. No movement. You hear the chuckles and look back at what they're doing. You see one of these stalagmites, these tendrils (slurping). Need to roll initiative. (yelling) Get a surprise round. By this little tiny squat one. You were over on this side looking off this way. Nott, were you helping them out? Beau is right there. Yasha will be keeping an eye, not noticing. Caleb, where were you? All right then. So. Initiative orders. 25 to 20. I just said roll initiative! Just so we have it. Okay. 25 to 20. It's fine. All right. 15 to ten. Then we have Jester at the bottom. So. Fjord. You go first. You're the only one who noticed them in this scenario. Because you were the one who's closest to the actual-- Caduceus is facing on the back side of the chamber. What are you doing? Yep. Two of them. You see that one and go, "Shit! Shit!" And you see them both go (gurgling). All righty. Go for it. Roll attacks for each. It (poofing) just dissipates without effect across its rocky, armored surface. Sure. Which one? This one? All right. (poofing). No effect. You watch as the Eldritch energy, the green burst, just scatters across its rocky exterior. No impact. You all of a sudden heard a (poof) and you heard him shout as you turn around and saw Fjord shout, "Big trouble!" and then vanish behind a nearby rock. Like a hero. I know. In this moment of realization of what's happening, these two large stalagmites suddenly have a single eye that opens in the center, this burning red orange-ish eye with a vertical slit. The center of it opens up into this large, gaping mouth of sharpened teeth and a liquid tongue on the inside that's slimy-ing around. These four tendrils that unravel. So it's now their turn. It's going to move there. Five, ten. They shift, it looks like they're gliding, but there's thousands of tiny cilia underneath that just cause them to glide across the ground. This one on this end is going to go ahead and make three attacks. Each can make four tendril attacks. Yes. So. Jester, that is a 21 to hit. All right. You are grappled. While you're grappled, you are restrained and have disadvantage on strength checks. There's one now to Beau. That's going to be a 14 to hit. Against Beau again, that's going to be a 25 to hit. So you are grappled. Yep. We'll say you're grappled, Beau. You're also grappled. I'm putting restrained there because you are technically restrained as well. Against Nott-- Yep. As it (whoosh) out that way, that one's going to be 17? Misses. You just duck underneath. The fourth one's going to swing out towards you as well. That's going to be a 20. You are also grappled. Correct. You can try and escape it. It's an action to try and escape from the grapple. You can still attack, but you're restrained, so you have disadvantage on your attacks. It's your athletics or acrobatics, you choose. Now it's going to go ahead and make a bite attack against Jester, because you're the closest one to it. Since you're restrained, it has advantage on the attack. It's a natural 20 and a three. So natural 20 it is. So that's going to be-- Ooh, oh no. 34 points of piercing damage from the critical hit, as its tendril pulls you in towards its mouth, shoves your shoulder and the side of your neck into it, and it grinds down onto you. The armor pulls in and you can feel it piercing the back of your neck. Sharp pain arcs through your body. This one here is going to go ahead and go for Caleb for an attack. That's going to be a 14 to hit? Shield. (whoosh) It actually almost grabs you and in the last minute, you throw your hand up and an arcane barrier flashes in front and the tentacle gets knocked off limply. Yes? Yes, you may. Go for it. He's got three more tendril attacks. Each round they get four each. Yep. Haven't encountered adventurers in a while, buddy! I admire your creativity. 3d10 damage. As it bites into you, you angrily focus-- And what's its save? Dex save. Haha, a two. The damage definitely takes. (shattering) These ice crystals suddenly apparate around its mouth where it bit into Jester, and it seems to pull back a bit, its eye closes and winces with the impact. Now its other attacks. Its second attack against you, Caleb. That's going to be an 18 to hit. Because the Shield's still up. Deflects the second attack. Third one's going to go for Caduceus. It has a 50-foot range on its tendrils. (exclamations of shock) All right. Now you are also grappled. Well, you are considered grappled, but while you're grappled, you are restrained, which means you have disadvantage on attacks. You also have disadvantage on strength checks and strength saving throws. You cannot move, your speed is zero. Its fourth and final tendril, it's going to go ahead and shoot for Caleb again. Natural 20. Yeah. Well it still hits, but it doesn't-- Right, it doesn't do any damage. The tendril is just a-- Right, it gets one bite attack per turn, but it grapples each of you. Just letting you know, you probably want to hold onto that. That's okay. You are also grappled there, Caleb, and restrained. It's going to use reel. Pulls Caduceus into it, and Caleb into it. It's going to make an attack against you. As you are restrained, attack rolls against you have advantage. A two and a one, motherfuck. It goes towards to bite you, and the shield is still holding, and it's pulling you in towards its mouth but you see the barrier pressing and bits of its rock exterior are cracking, being pressed up against this shield. All right, surprise round's done. Top of the round, Beau, you're up first. You are currently grappled and restrained. You have no movement. Well, technically, you are adjacent to it, because you're both right there and it's in this space. You and Jester are both adjacent to it. Yes, you can hit it. Nott, it did not reel you in that turn, because I forgot it can do the reel as part of its action. Your attacks have disadvantage, by the way, because you're restrained. Miss. That two attacks so far? The first attack, you can't quite get your hand free. You manage to get it free for a second attack, and it hits the rock. No impact. Still have your bonus action. She rolled low. You can disengage, but you still have no movement. You have to escape from it to gain your movement speed back. Right now, you're wrapped up by its tendril and you can't go anywhere. No. Disengage prevents attacks of opportunity, but you cannot get away from it to even trigger one. Fjord, you're on deck, with Yasha after that. You can use your action to try and break free, yeah. There you go. Flurry of Blows, get two more strikes on it, each with disadvantage. 20 just hits. The first one doesn't even get out, the second one hits the rock and hurts. You get your other arm free and (impacts) into the stone again. This time you look down as the eye opens up and you see the eye and go (whack) right into the center of its giant glowing eye. Roll damage on that one. That's the end of your turn? Cool. That brings us to Fjord. You can do stunning strike if you want to, but that's up to you. Yeah, even when you attack on your Flurry of Blows, as long as you hit with an attack, you can do that. All right, spend another ki point. Constitution save, it's a natural one. Motherfuck. We'll take this stunned token and put it on this one. That's Hex. Correct. Now, Fjord, you can take your turn. As you take your turn, you look over and watch as Beau plunges her fist into the eye of this living stalagmite and it starts suddenly wriggling in place. It looks like it's having a rough time. Your attacks have advantage on it because it is stunned, yes. That hits. Got you. 19 just barely misses, unfortunately. You rush up with one attack, carve across with the scimitar, and you expect it to completely deflect the blow, but the blade does cut through the rock. Where it splits where the blade was, there is a muscly, fleshy interior. The creature is heavily armored by the shell it's created around itself, but it's definitely mortal. Your second strike, however, glides against the outside of its rocky shell and makes no damage. All right. Right there? I would say, because you can only Misty Step to places you can see, you can go there, but you have five feet of movement left, so you move there anyways. Just as a point of reference. That ends Fjord's turn. Yasha's up. Go for it. All righty. That is a natural 20 for the first one, and the second one is only a ten. Times two, you mean? Any bonuses on top of that? 29 points of damage from that first strike as the Magician's Judge carves down through it. One of the tentacles gets damaged and you can see it still holding tight, but starting to wear this thing down. Still looking okay, though. That finishes Yasha's turn? They're after the ropers. They're right before you guys. They're squeezed right between Yasha and your trio's turn. This one here is going to reel in Nott. Now you get pulled. Oh, that one's stunned, so it can't. Never mind. That one right there is going to attempt to ensnare, with one of its free tendrils, Yasha. That is going to be a 15 to hit? It hits! She is also now grappled and restrained. It's going to make a bite attack against Caleb. You have to break free. That's another natural 20! Reaction from Caduceus to-- what's the ability called again? Channel Divinity? Was it once per short rest? Grave clerics, man. That's awesome. Well, be thankful he reduced that critical. 28 points of piercing damage as it jams your entire arm into its mouth and it's starting to pull you in from the torso up. The other one is stunned and does not get its turn. That brings us to the trio. He's already going. He's already on it. What's the save? What is it, wisdom? This is for the guy over there. 14. He is slowed. That guy is a 15. They're both slowed. Yeah, a fan sent those, actually. You've got it. Caleb, that's your go. Casting frantically with the off-hand. Their whipping tendrils that are wrapping you all of a sudden go (slow-down sound). Its chewing on Caleb is like (slow grinding). Jester's still part way in, like, "Oh, god!" Slow chews. Nott or Caduceus. What's the save? Charisma? Oh, they are not charismatic. There is a 12 and a zero. Yeah, you've got it. Caduceus is pulled in, manages to curse them both with this divine power pulled from the Wildmother's darker side of nature, and then holds the staff up through. A burst of insects, beetles, then fly out of it, clouding around this central stalagmite, and begin to assault the opposite side of the creature. It is still stunned, so you have advantage on your attack. It's stunned until Beau's next turn. 18 just hits because of the Slow spell. Their AC is reduced by two. No, it's just 4d4. Ten is the average damage. Ten points of damage. The beetles are now biting into the side of this entity. That finish your turn? You've got it. It is stunned, yes. 15 misses. It ricochets off of its rock-like hide. The bolt goes scattering off into the shadows somewhere. Go for it. They appear to be of similar material. They have a similar look to them, but they're flexible, so they're probably not as-- 28 does hit, and it is adjacent-- well, it's stunned anyway, so you do get your sneak attack damage on it. All the dice. 30 points of damage, nice. As the first bolt ricochets, you see a spark as the rock-like exterior shoots it off. As it's sitting there (groaning) with its one eye open, its jaw still chewing on Jester. Jester manages to wedge herself out of its mouth just in time for you to aim the bolt into its throat. It begins to cough a bit of its own blood. It's looking pretty hurt. That ends your turn, Nott? Jester, you're up. Oh, shit! It rolled a natural 16, minus two. (cheering) This guy vanishes. The tendrils are no longer around you, so none of them are-- You're all of a sudden released from it, and the creature's just not there anymore. Right, because you're still wrapped up by its tendrils. Beau, you're up. It is stunned until the end of your next turn, I believe, right? You still have advantage on the attacks. You have disadvantage because you're restrained, so it's just a straight roll for you. Go for it. 14 misses. You're punching a rock, and it's hurting, but you're going to get through. Looking for those soft spots. Yes, that hits. Seven points of damage. That is an 18, so it resists it. That's minus two to it, so it's a 16. What's your DC? Yeah, so it resists it. I saw it. 11 points of damage on that strike. As you jam the staff into the middle of its mouth and are prying it open, you get down and see where its eye is trying to keep closed, and the moment it flicks open to be aware of its surroundings, you whack, poking it right there. 18 just hits, because of the Slow spell. 11 points of damage. Oof, this thing is not having a great moment. Fjord, you're up. Both hit. Damn, nice. It is no longer stunned. Actually, did you roll with advantage, or did you roll regularly? Good. It's no longer stunned, so you do not have advantage on the attack. How do you want to do this? (cheering) You see Fjord holding the pose there for a second, as Beau's holding its tongue, and the tongue comes out. You look past and watch as its eye goes limp, and it shifts off into three separate pieces. You guys book it. Ropers, man. Yep. You can add a roper tongue to your inventory. There you go. That's the other inventory. It's pretty tough. Strangely salty. It's the minerals. As you guys are rushing up around the edge, the cavern ends about another 50 or 60 feet up front. It just ends. Jester, make a perception check. You're looking around, and the tracks that you noticed earlier, you guys pick up on, and you see that it is still traveling this direction. You can glance at the area, though the wall itself is this surface of loose rock and stone formations there. Following the tracks, there is an area where it looks like the stones are just loosely there. Part of the wall fell in and covered the interior, but you can pull stones out of it. Okay, so you start pulling stones out and passing them off. Some of them are pretty heavy. Yasha is helping. You guys are pulling them out one by one. You get a small section of opening available to you. It wasn't a huge collapse. It looks like when it was passing through, it might have bumped into the wall and caused a portion of it to fall in, and it's only the lack of light in here that's really making it hard to originally even notice this exit. You get halfway through it before you hear (whoosh) in the room behind you. SAM and Yes. Go for it. It moves very slow. You glance back in the area and it goes (squelching). It moves ten feet a round, and you're about a hundred feet from it around that way. It'll be about another minute before it gets within range. 22? That hits! Technically, it's still-- No, it's not slowed anymore, because Slow has worn off. Right, it's been banished for a minute. (laughing) Go for it! You can still attack from a distance. It's about a hundred, now it's 90 feet from you. Go for it. Yasha and Beau are moving rocks. Make an athletics check for me. Make an athletics check for Yasha. Yeah, she's good. 28 hits. It's not in range yet. It's 90 feet from you. Roll for attack. All right, that's as far as you can get. You're up against the wall now. You have to roll attack for that. Yeah, that hits. 13 points of radiant damage, and it's also glowing. The next attack on it has advantage. It moves forward again. It is now 70 feet from you. Go for it. That's the way to do it. 21 damage for you? 18 from you? 21 hits, yeah. And 18 damage. All right. It's taking hits and slowly moving towards you. It feels like the old 1950s sci-fi movie with the weird carrot looking creatures that these are loosely based on visually? This is like a dude in a suit, trying to scoot it forward. They don't chase very well, ropers. Okay, go for it! You got it. But it's advantage because the-- well, no, because you already used the Guiding Bolt. That's right. There's a burst of powder and smoke. You've never fired a firearm. It's still a relatively new technology for most people outside of the main military, and even then, they've only been producing them out of Hupperdook for the past ten years. So your first time really using this, and yeah, the ringing's in your ears, your hand feels numb from the blowback. Not great. It (pings) off of the front of it. Now it's 60 feet. A natural 20 on its save. That is a 15. Yep. Roll damage. Ooh! So both hits, one with a crit! That first attack's a crit. Double. Very next round. Okay. Mighty Nein, how do you want to do this? With vague interest! It's starting to loom forward (blasting). It goes limp. It gets really tense for a second and then really sad, and is like, okay. It's dead. At this point in time, Beau and Yasha have managed to pull enough rocks out of that tunnel to make it large enough for each of you-- and Fjord-- to squeeze through. You can step through, each of you, and eventually find yourself on the other side. The burrowed tunnel continues ahead of you into darkness. Strange gnomish engineering that's still in the early development stages. Continuing down the familiar, monotonous carved tunnel. If you're keeping the same order, make your perception checks, keeping a watch out front. Nice. You move on for the remainder of the day before getting to a point where you're starting to get a little tired, and you figure you can continue to push on if you want to, but you'll begin to push into possible exhaustion territory. You've now hit what would be a full day's worth of travel, and this burrowed tunnel continues on. You've found one chamber and then passed it, so at least you know there's probably more to come in the level you are currently traveling in, but this day's travel, after that last encounter, you have not found another chamber. Nope. But the good news is as long as you have this tunnel, you know at least you're probably on the right track. Okay. And the width of that is? I think it might be a bit large to carve the whole thing. Ten-foot radius, yeah. So you can carve part of it, and it'll still be partially exposed, but he can color it as he wants, and with the stone, it'll help somewhat camouflage it. So you guys spend the evening. Another long rest. Roll perception for Frumpkin for the evening, if you don't mind. Okay. There's a brief pause and then, "Ah. No, they just have me in a room. We haven't been traveling underground since we got out, but they have me in the city now." Perception for Frumpkin? Good to know. The evening goes by. Frumpkin does notice throughout the evening some movement through the tunnel a strange creature, similar to what seemed to be the stalagmite-type roper creatures who you had fought before, but a little smaller, scooting along the ceiling. It made it through the tunnel, over top of you guys, and then continued on without noticing or caring about the location where you had placed and camouflaged your evening's rest. The next morning comes to. You continue traveling? All right. Keeping a watch out, Laura, please, as Jester, roll your perception check. It's a long subterranean journey for me doing day-to-day here. I'm sorry. Okay. You got a keen eye out there in front of you. This day is the hardest so far, because it is an entire eight-plus hours of just winding tunnel. Once again, that continuous pace. It seems to dip at times and then it picks up. It has its own organic shifting to it in small bits, but it is a day of travel of that same ten-foot wide, continuous tunnel, and it is maddening. Perfect. All right. That day's travel goes by uneventful. So day three is done, do you guys set up camp once more here in the tunnel? Okay. I think so. She loves a lot. All you hear is, "I can't." So you settle in for your third evening here underground. I would hope so, because your provisions are going to run out pretty quickly otherwise. Divine mac and cheese. Doesn't taste divine, just is divine. Maybe tomorrow. So same set up? Evening's rest, Frumpkin's keeping watch. Go ahead and roll perception check for Frumpkin. Six, okay good to know. As the evening goes on... Frumpkin doesn't notice anything. You wake up. Your fourth day begins. You gather your things and begin to trek even further into this single, perpetual, tunnel. This is just an overall penalty to stealth. (laughter) Both you and Jester both make perception checks. Travis. Fjord, at this point, trying to ignore that and facing forward, is continuing. The path, this protracted tunnel, you begin to notice smaller tunnels intersecting with it. Like one on the side, one a little higher. All right. You look up and you can see. They are maybe about two, three feet wide each. From what you can see, the entrance to the first one on the right that's on the right side, a lot of dirt and rock has been pushed into it. It's kind of closed off. You walk up to the second one. It's a little more up on the left, higher range of it, and you can see there are bits of stone and dirt that have fallen out and created a small pile on the ground beneath it. No. You, who have been so distracted by the reading of the book, hear nothing. Caleb, looking at this, you figure these tunnels existed before this burrowing happened, and it looks like when this worm came through, it tore through whatever these tunnels were and pushed shit into them and wrecked a little bit of this tunnel structure. Make a perception check. Listening in, looking up there, you don't see anything-- the one to the right, you don't see anything, you don't hear anything. You do notice some markings, quick little cuts in the dirt or stone, like hand or claw marks dragged across bits of it. Small. You see the pile of rocks and dirt that have fallen along the top. You glance over and you can see something somewhat shiny that's picking up the light from your globe. It looks like a hammer, but it's not well taken care of, per se. Your nose picks up a little bit of the air here; it smells somewhat rancid, a little bit. Just a faint hint of rot. It's about ten feet up. The whole tunnel is one big ten-foot side to side. No body. Yeah, just like a discarded tool. It's a hammer. It looks like it's seen a lot of use. The metal's wrecked a little bit in places and it's been bludgeoned and misused. Make an investigation check. They have been dug, and you see signs that they were dug out by hand and dug out by shovel, or some sort of a tool used for digging. From above and the side. You get the sense that the one that opens up here connected to the other one, and this tunnel was burrowed in the middle and took out that connecting point. Looking around here, most of it appears to be carved stone and dirt. Well, the tunnel continues also. It's up to you guys. The Ashkeeper Peaks are what divides the two sides of eastern and western Wynandir, yeah. It's a couple of feet deep, and the rest of the tunnel goes beyond, but for you, Caduceus, it's a tight squeeze. We're talking Bishop in Aliens getting through the tunnel. No. Yeah. There's no breeze in here, no. So you send Frumpkin ahead? Roll a perception check for Frumpkin. In the dark, so disadvantage on the perception check. Okay, good to know. What's your idea? You tie a little ribbon around Frumpkin's neck, you cast Light, and now the ribbon gives off this torchlight glow from the back of Frumpkin. Now roll a straight perception roll for Frumpkin. 16, okay. Frumpkin continues on 50 feet, 80 feet. About another hundred feet or so, there's another tunnel intersection; it's breached by this carving path. Then, about another 130 feet or so, another chamber opens up. This chamber is about 40 foot by 80 foot and the smell here is strong, Frumpkin picks up on. It smells of rot, mildew, feces. It's not a pleasant smell, and there are piles of refuse and furs and utensils and belts and odd objects that are thrown into piles here. You can see a number of other tunnels that all intersect into this area. Nope. Ten or so different tunnels lead into this chamber, all ranging between two feet wide to about three feet wide. You see a small broken shovel. There are piles of dirt, bones, coins. Looks like a lot of things that have been gathered. You can see warped pieces of wood that are partially whittled and then abandoned in the moment. Stacks of a bunch of junk. Frumpkin hears a small growl and looks, and in the far-right corner, there's a small cage. In the cage, there's some sort of a furred creature, no more than that big or so, that's missing tufts of fur, and it's in the cage going (growling). They're platforms, the topography of the inside-- it's not just a perfectly oval thing. It has a bunch of pieces of rock and stone and levels where these tunnels are emerging and appearing. Yeah. Yeah, the cat continued down the big tunnel and found that other chamber. The tunnel continues past that chamber, by the way. No, this was Frumpkin going ahead on the tunnel you guys were traveling and found that other chamber, and the tunnel continues on the other side of this chamber. Yep. Frumpkin returns. Frumpkin heads into the small side tunnel. Curves around about 20 or so feet, and then it opens up into another small chamber. What Frumpkin sees is a ten by 15-foot opening area with a pile of matted material, like cloth-- it may have been at one point, but it's soiled. You see two figures sitting there. One of them is in the process of fitting something together or pulling something apart, and the other is currently gnawing on some sort of a long-dried bone. They're tiny, humanoid, longer snout, tails, scaly skin. I would say, lizard- or almost dragon-like, but very tiny. They're both sitting in there, spears set to the side (gnawing noises). About 30 or so feet. The last thing Frumpkin sees is them go (hiss). Okay. You guys all heading to split to the sides? You hear a (snarling), and you see a spearhead slowly emerge from the tunnel and its head poke out ever so slightly. Make stealth checks, guys, by the way, because this is now going to see you. I'll say a straight stealth check on this one, this happened too quickly. Yeah, your cloak affects any stealth check you make, for the most part. Cool. All right. Okay. It pokes its head out. (sniffs) Looks right over towards Fjord and goes (questioning chitters). (yelling) The one behind it looks through and is like (alarmed hiss) and turns around and runs down the hall, and the one that's there is like (panting). All right. Well, as you're casting the spell, you hear the one that ran back go like (shouts of alarm). You begin to hear this echoing sound of lots of claws scurrying their way through the nearby tunnels. And that's where we're going to go and take a break. (yelling) We'll come back here in just a moment to pick up from there. As you were casting the spell, this suddenly happens-- it wasn't finished-- and when we come back, I'll begin to give you the idea of what you're beginning to hear. So we'll be back here in a few minutes from break. As part of our giveaway, we have these really cool custom Valentine's Day dice vaults here. You can pick up your own special vault. They're customized with five wood and inlay options, and your own message is translated in Elvish, which you can see there. They'll arrive before Valentine's Day if you order before February 7th, so you've got to get to that soon. We're giving away these two tonight, two lucky winners. The key word for this is "underground," one word, "underground." Come on over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole. Enter the word "underground" once-- more than once, you'll be disqualified-- and we'll come back with the winners. This is only good, of course, in the United States and Canada, excluding Quebec. But yeah, we'll see you guys here in a few minutes. Hello everyone, and welcome back. We have our two winners for the two dice vaults. The first winner is Rickymarooo! SAM and The second one, it appears to be-- it's 2r0m0c0. Congratulations, you? We'll get you guys your successful wins soon. Before I forget, I was going to mention it beforehand, I totally forgot. For those who don't know, there's a Rick and Morty versus Dungeons and Dragons comic book. They just released the fourth and final issue. It's written by our friend of the show, Patrick Rothfuss, if you remember from campaign one. Patrick Rothfuss! Drawn by Jim Zub. It's a great team, and a number of people from the community make little cameos in it. Our friend and love of all D&D, Chris Perkins, is in it, Satine's in it. Apparently I'm in this issue? Which is kind of nuts. So yeah. It's pretty awesome, you should check it out if you have the opportunity. It's pretty awesome. Gary Gygax's ghost says a fun phrase. Indeed. Anyway. Getting back into the insanity, you had just grabbed the spear from a nearby kobold as the other one rushed off. I would like for you to make a strength check, please. No. You grab its spear and it goes (yell). And pulls it back from you as you hear the mounting skittering of numerous creatures now coming from behind where you were and from the nearby tunnels. What are you guys doing? Multiple directions, behind you. Apparently. As you're casting the spell, transforming into a larger kobold, you start rushing forward. Are you guys all heading forward with Fjord? Okay. You guys charge forward around the corner into the next chamber. That chamber has about 20 or so kobolds that have emerged from, or are in the process of emerging from, the different tunnels, that are all facing your direction with small, dinged blades and crossbows that look like they might work. Spears, and small leather and wood shields, and they all fill the chamber in front of you, going (chittering, snarling). They're holding the line. What are you doing? Yeah. There's definitely a confused division and attention here as they're like (chittering). The ones behind Beau-- as you're strolling up and he's shouting this out, there are about ten or so kobolds that begin to rush up from behind, and they see you, and they slow their step and start taking their spears and prodding you to join the rest of the people. There's one in the center. Of all of them that are there, there's one that is covered in cages and boxes and leather straps. There's another that has heavy pieces of armor, almost weighing him down. You see others that look like skirmishers that are all gathered around, and they all have this growling, barking energy. They look a bit hungry, a bit sallow, and the one that's in the full armor steps forward towards you and you and is looking back and forth and gives you this curious look. (grunts) You hear him say, in Draconic, "Come forth, loud meal." There are a number that are staring at you in half awe, like-- Do you approach? All right, make a dexterity saving throw. As you're saying this with intensity and force, you guys watch as suddenly there's a cloud of dust around his ankles, and a rope loop wraps and pulls your legs together and hoists you up, and you're now dangling about three, four feet off the ground. At which point all the kobolds-- there's this large wave of cackles. The one raises his hand up and they all get quiet and he goes-- "You! Loud food!" Points at the rest of you. "You want pass?" Yep, as your hair is just dripping there and you're slowly (creaking). He's following you with this nasty looking shortsword that looks like the edges of it are grimed up with black oil or something. "Ugh!" Takes a step back. Make an intimidation check. "He who summoned kitty spirit." "We already cursed!" "You in no position. You in that position. So you give one to feed, or trade for food." He's looking at you. He's making this challenge to you, but is definitely keeping a distance, and is taking a step back from where he was standing so confidently in your direction. "Yes!" Yeah-- Looking at the specifics of Tongues here. "Any creature that knows at least one language can hear and understand it," so it's not so much that you're speaking Draconic, but any creature that knows language can understand you. So all of you hear this. Yes. Actually, strangely enough, it's speaking in broken Common. TALIESIN and How so? What do you want to enhance? As Frumpkin does that, and the rocks shake and tumble around in this small quaking noise, about six of the nearby kobolds go (gasping), and start skitting away from it, holding their weapons at bay. Two of them in the tunnels all of a sudden go (squeaking), and climb up in the tunnels and vanish. Make a deception check. You see two of them begin to reach towards you, like-- (excited breathing). The one in the full armor goes, "No pay attention!" and slaps them with his spear and they (snarl). "Trade!" "Sybil!" Points to one in there and you see this one kobold that's covered in rags-- kind of looks like the collector lady from Labyrinth-- and pulls out this large, billowing leather sack that's stained of all sorts of colors around its basis. (heavy breathing) It holds it up. Its jaw is slightly dislodged on one side and gives it this crooked grin to its face. Holds it open. "We have water." "Fill food!" (thudding) The thing all of a sudden slams into the ground, the heavy weight from the summoned meal hitting the heavy rock floor. As soon as that kobold leans forward, pulled off of his feet and manages to stumble into it and look inside. (sniffs) "Whoa!" Begins to shovel it. The leader then goes, "Stop! We eat!" TALIESIN and "Two may pass. More food for trade rest. Huh?" "Two and the Fey King can also pass." You see the others all nervously looking towards the other, and you can see him feeling really intimidated by your presence. There's this idea of him being the head of this sect and you storming in here, and he's just-- this jealous intensity as it stares towards you and goes, "Do not listen! Why you come?" "False leader may go as well!" "What? Gator?" "What?" You can see four other mouths watering as you're describing this tough gator skin. "Give us gator skin!" "No! All of it!" (satisfied grunt) Puts it over the side pouch of one of the other ones-- carries it and, (excited grunt). Is that both of them? One of them steps forward and goes, "I think that is--" "Shh! I'm making number!" It leans forward towards you, giving a look and goes, "You (sniffs), goblin." Make a persuasion check. Takes the pouch from you. (sniffs) "Accepted." Takes and places it in the pouch. "(shouting Draconic)," it shouts. You being able to recognize, saying, "All right, let them pass." (thudding) Like a sack of potatoes. From that height? Yeah, that would be four points of bludgeoning damage. Okay. You're keeping watch, and a few do get close and they're definitely eyeing the various trinkets that dangle from your belts, but as any of them start getting close you grab and they pull back. The leader goes, "Go. Follow path of big worm. Make big mess. Go!" Just looking at you angrily, this-- "Big mess. Move through. No longer here." "Days, weeks." "Very loud. Ruin tunnel." "Very big." "No. No go." "Stay here, home. Eat food from you." "What?" Points over to the small cage with the little creature, you mean? "Is food." It's pretty ragged. From this distance, it looks closed. With a little TLC, maybe. You're not even sure what kind of creature it is. It kind of resembles a squirrel, kind of resembles a small dog, but it's greasy and ratty and-- Most likely, yeah. Make a deception check. Yes. 16? "You can give Fey King?" "Take food, keep king." Okay, picks up the Fey King from the scruff of the neck and goes, "You I eat. Gain power. "Bigger than that one. False leader." MATT and "Let go!" All of them pull back and begin to disappear into the tunnels behind, and you guys are given a path through. The cage is just right there. Okay, the creature immediately jumps out (shrieks), and darts off down the tunnel. You guys continue on the path? As you're leaving, Caduceus, you notice, that the leader leans over to two other kobolds, and whispers something to them. You hear a low muttering, but not in a language you understand. So what was that? Okay, after you guys leave, everyone scatters into the chambers, but stays behind and watches, and two of the kobolds slowly begin to follow behind the group in the tunnel after you. One of them is the one that's covered in all the different boxes and pouches. There's a staff and it has an actual small cage, like the one that you just opened, on its side with something inside it. The other one just looks to be a small spear-holding scout and they're both being quiet as they can, but the one carrying everything isn't very quiet. Caduceus, you can hear the gentle clanging of various accessories of this kobold trying to be quiet, pursuing you down the tunnel. Well, one of them is just covered in-- --random shit. The other one has a spear. You travel for about an hour or so, away from that, the tunnel continuing before you. They're still staying back by about 60 or so feet. I'd say you're probably within another hour or so of that. All right. So you guys eventually reach that point and you begin to bed down. What do you do? Okay. Okay. Do you guys... lay down? What do you do? Is the dome out or are you waiting? Yes, you are. Ten feet. Always been ten feet. Okay. You guys-- As you're invisible-- are you walking back towards their direction? Okay. You see the two of them, around the bend, are both looking and the one with the spear is looking kind of eager. The one with all the shit on it is looking a little apprehensive and they're both just watching and talking back and forth. (kobold speech) Yeah. Nott vanished a few minutes ago. All right. Okay. Go ahead and make a... I would say, with advantage, make an athletics check to try and-- Seven. The spear vanishes from its hand. (confused kobold noises) He looks confused and rubs his wrist and starts walking back towards the spear on the opposite side. Okay. Go ahead and make an athletics check. I would say advantage because it doesn't know you're there. I'll allow it. It's fine. 19. Okay. If you'd like to describe your kobold. (yells of surprise and disbelief) Move over, Taliesin. There we go. Welcome, Chris. So. Suddenly, out of nowhere, apparates in the nervous energy of the moment the small goblin creature that you've been eyeing nervously as the group wandered through, and it just reaches out and grabs a hold of you. So as you hear this sudden clattering commotion, and both this kobold voice screaming out, "Mommy!" and Nott going, "Yeah, mommy!" the other kobold down the way goes, (panicked kobold yelling) and runs off to grab the spear, you guys hear this noise. What are you two doing? Yeah. What's your reaction. Go ahead and make an attack. So two piercing damage with the crit. Technically, the dice damage is doubled because it's a crit too. So it's just straight damage. The eye immediately swells up from the impact and you're like, "Ah!" Just spinning around in a circle. The one with the spear rushes up like, "Ergh!" Can't quite figure out where to go. What are you guys doing? You rush around the corner and you see this whirling whirlwind of clattering pots and cage and goblin and kobold screaming. Anyone doing anything or are you just watching? All right. Gotcha. All right. So it's wisdom saving throws? Go ahead and make a wisdom saving throw, if you don't mind. Okay. So-- 12. 17 minus two which is 15. So immediately, the one holding the spear looks at you, "Huh!" And you find yourself all of a sudden stop struggling and weapon freezes in place. At the same time, the tiny goblin arms around you suddenly Hulk out and you find yourself lifted off the ground, your legs dangling a few inches off the floor of the cavern. "I'm Bex." "Yeah." "Oh! (sigh)" "Don't have to tell them this." "Okay. Sorry!" (scared kobold noises) There's only one other target in the chamber. Learning the cutting-edge kobold technology. Fjord just comes running down the hallway. The kobold in right in front of you goes, "Ah!" Just screams at you as you slam into it. The spear goes clattering to the ground. At which point, the Enlarge spell fades. (whoosh) As he holds up the skunk, the nervous energy around it, the skunk just instinctually-- (snarl) (spray) TRAVIS, Dexterity saving throw for Jester and Nott. All right. You manage to just barely escape out of the way as it-- (skunk noises) Okay. The other kobold has fled. It saw the running Fjord centipede nightmare and just left. Still hitting the skunk. (laughing) All right, so what's the marching order? All right. Got you, so you're leading with your scorpion, perfect. Spurt continues forward. Do you guys follow? TRAVIS, MARISHA, and All right. Spurt, roll a perception check for me. (laughing) Okay! Continuing on for the next few hours, getting slowly used to the smell of kobold-- especially a moving-hoarder of a kobold-- the tunnel continues to curve and it goes down a little further, then it evens out and goes down a little further, then evens out. You get pretty late into the day before you begin to notice the rock and stone having some slight changes. The general bits of materials that you've been used to seeing down here-- the heavy gray and brown rocks-- occasionally, you see flecks and glimmers that your passing light puts a shine across. You go over and inspect it and it is a black, glass-like substance. It's obsidian. You continue moving forward and there's more sections of it, and you can see where bits of it are broken and flaked off where the worm was burrowing through and battered through a section of obsidian that then shattered. Yeah, definitely. You gather up a bunch of obsidian shards. A lot of it is broken and brittle, but there are some larger bits that you can find that are pretty jagged, really. You see them first, so you gather what you want. There you go. Hey, guys, kobolds have ecology down. Exactly! I'm just saying, none of you has a weapon that feeds you. The air gets steadily warmer and warmer as the hours pass, and the floor itself begins to give way from the softer dirt and dust with loose pebbles to become a harder, more porous rock, and the obsidian begins to become more apparent and more consistent. You, Spurt, begin to see a dull light ahead. A dull, low, red light. It looks to be the tunnel coming to an end for some sort of chamber. You're too far away to make out any details, but it looks like there is a room beyond it that has a dull, red glow to it. You just run out? You guys see Spurt run out. The temperature here is getting warmer and warmer as you progress. You're starting to find yourselves sweat uncomfortably. You rush out into an open field of rock, like hewn, carved rock floor-- like a courtyard, if you will. It's about a hundred feet or so across at first glance. Across the way, there is a wall, or portions of a stone wall built into parts of an obsidian and stone cliff face or the interior of a cavern. You look on the inside, and in this brief instant, you take in the vicinity, through your kobold eyes, this large chamber that continues on far to your left. To the right is, at a very steep incline, an obsidian wall, where a pouring river of molten magma is coming down into a trough that goes across this open chamber-- this river of lava with a bridge that goes across it to the opposite side. To the left, there is a very interesting, massive black iron citadel that sits maybe a quarter mile to the left of you. At the peak of it-- and this is a very large chamber-- dozens of thick, heavy black chains affixed to its peak drape off and connect to the odd corners of this large cavern. This is far to your left; you're in a small side courtyard on this side. As you stop and look around-- (laughs) hilariously unnoticed by the two massive fire giants that are currently playing sentinel. There's one across the way, leaning against the wall, standing at roughly 18 to 20 feet tall, dark gray skin. What little bit of red hair you see peeking from underneath its armored helmet as it's wearing heavy, dark armor covered in spikes, metallic thorns. One hand is holding a tower shield, roughly its full height, also covered in spikes in the front, with another shield just like that that's leaning on the wall. It looks like it's currently spacing out for a moment, looking back towards the citadel. To the immediate left of you, on this side of that molten river, you see a female fire giant, wielding a giant maul, who is in the process of picking her teeth with some sort of pointed bone, and neither have noticed you, strangely. They rolled really shitty. You guys aren't seeing this. You just see the kobold rush out. So what do you do, Spurt? The closest one to you is about 20 feet to your left. Okay! Roll for attack on it-- or is it a saving throw on their part? Spurt runs out, turns, and, "Ah!" (impact, buzzing). The giant goes (grunts) and slaps-- 22 to hit against you. You take... You watch as Spurt turns after throwing this, and then a giant hammer (slamming, squishing) Gallaghers Spurt across the stone floor of this open way. LAURA and The hammer lifts up and you see the stringy mess that was once Spurt detaching from the hammer. Everyone make a stealth check here. Your work is done here. (cheering, laughter) Thank you, Chris. Stealth check. No, Pass Without a Trace was not cast. Oh, wow. Okay. As you guys all pull to the sides, you hear (heavy stomping). A hand reaches down and rubs it through the smear that was once the kobold and rises up. A couple of pieces (plopping) into the stonework, then the light goes dark as the giant's head bends down and one giant eye peeks through the tunnel in your direction. The tunnel is ten feet wide. The giant is going to have a hard time. It could probably get in there if it crawled. Right now, it's leaning down and looking inside. It glances around inside, bends its head inside-- and it's completely engulfing the entire exit. (grunts) Backs out of the tunnel and then steps to the side. You guys just barely fucking made that. You hear it shout something in Giant. Any of you guys speak Giant? You do, that's right! Because of his background, his race. It's not a secret! It's actually one of the languages that you get as a-- Sure enough. There you go. What you hear is (speaking Giant). You recognize it as, "Be careful. Looks like we got rodents." You guys hear, on the opposite side, the one that was laying with the shield sits up for a second and takes the shield, walks over to the river of lava, scoops up some of it and pours it across the top of the shield. It's like a pachinko machine; the lava fills the front of it, on the inside there's a pocket, and where once there was just dark iron shield, now is heating up and the shields have a fiery exterior to them. After it fills both the shields, it holds both of them, gets back to its position, and they're both looking around. You guys, who are off to the side, can glance over and watch this happen. It's across the way. You have no idea what the other giant's doing, but this one is across the way and is visible from your position. It looks, you would guess, probably a hundred or more feet across to the other side, but there is a wall there. Make a perception check. It's hard to see from this distance. Make a perception check for me to take in the details of the scenery. No shit. Okay, not only, as you lean forward and poke through, really assess the scene-- I'll just pull out the map and show you, because you rolled a natural 20. I'll be right back. Here's where you guys are. This is the tunnel. Because you rolled a natural 20, you can see on the other side a continuation. You gather that when the Kryn traveled through, they probably had to make their way through this chamber, and you gather from the surrounding and the vicinity, the obsidian was probably a difficult thing to pass through for this worm, and probably why it was forced to briefly make its way through this courtyard. That's an interesting observation. Yeah, that's where Spurt met his end. Right there. Then that's the other one on the opposite side. No, the citadel's way that way. Yeah. There's Laser and Target! And you're going to fight fucked! Go ahead and roll a history check for me. They generally live beneath mountain ranges and areas of heavy volcanic activity. They are considered the artisan crafters and forgers of giant kin and the Ordning. They have-- They're evil. No, that's just giants. They can be. If it suits them well. They enjoy free labor, so they like to take slaves to force to do the menial tasks. No. They're intelligent like an average being would be. From what you've heard. You don't have a whole lot of knowledge necessarily. You haven't heard of tales of the great crafty intelligence, but nevertheless, they still built this entire underground city. They're both medium sized. You hear this heavy smacking sound as the fire giant on your side of this courtyard is putting to bed the rest of the bees that have been harrying its kneecap. Okay, you take a moment and focus on the dodecahedron. You take your fragment of possibility. All right. You guys are over on this side here. While you guys are working out the specifics, I'm going to grab something real fast. Keep talking amongst yourselves. Yes? Yes. Correct. I love it. So what order are we doing this, guys? So you're Polymorphing Caduceus into what? LAURA and I'll say for the purposes of that, we'll say this is you. All right. The dragonfly jumps onto Beau. Beau is now in the position to hold Okay. Out of the molten rock. Wings. (growling) The manticore begins to rise. Both of the giants look confused towards it and then each other. The one with the shields braces the shields in front. The other one, looking off to the side, goes and reaches off to one of the boulders off to the side and grabs it. As it picks it up, those at the front can see, the rock seems to heat up. There are veins of heat on the inside as it grips it. So you create the effect. This is Major Image, right? Yes. All right. They're both going to look forward towards it to see what the hell it is. Watching a manticore rise out of magma is insane. Correct. Correct. The guy with the shields, he's attempting to ascertain, with his investigation, as to what the fuck is going on. He rolled a natural 19 minus one. That's an 18. What's your spell DC? Yeah. The one with the shields goes like-- just looks confused as it takes off. The other one... No, I literally rolled two 19s in a row. LAURA and I'm sorry! As the manticore takes off, the one holding the rock is like-- It twists the rock in the other hand and reaches over to the side and grabs a chain and starts ringing this loud bell. It's echoing through the chamber. They're both confused as this thing flies off and they look at each other like-- Yeah, they're looking at each other. What's up next? I can't believe I rolled-- It was such a great idea, I just rolled really high! Who's doing what? You don't know. You would imagine it has larger reach than an average creature, being a giant. On the giant? Okay. What's the save on that? 16 wisdom? You got it. For that one, five. (laughs) All right. I don't have a cow mini on me at the moment. I know. How fucking dare I? I'll use this horse. So the fire giant suddenly (swoosh) (moo). The one over here goes and looks confused at that. Everyone needs to roll initiative on this because you're entered official combat. All righty. 25 to 20. Damn, Beau. All right. 20 to 15. 15 to ten? No one 15 to ten? All right. So Yasha's at nine? Caleb at three. All right. Beau, you're up first. All right. (counting) As a bonus action. (counting) Oh, right. It's actually ten more, and you still have your action. Beau goes (swoosh) and is already on the opposite side. The giant with the shields goes, (exasperated grunt) and goes to go for a shove and watches her vanish and goes, (confused grunt) and looks back at the tunnel on the other side. She completely just skids off, no effect. Okay, so you go, (smacking and falling) and Caduceus suddenly apparates next to you, almost collapsing you from the weight of his much larger body. You got it, all right. That finishes your go. Jester, you're up. All right. (swoosh) On the other side of the tunnel. All right, that finishes Jester's go. Fjord, you're up. There we go. Got me a horse. Nugget comes out. Blink dogs have a movement of 40, so that's (counting). He's going to do action to run as well, (counting) and then is going to use his teleport ability, which he gets to teleport 40 feet. Gets right there. (panting, teleporting). That finishes your go. Fjord, what are you doing? All right. You got it. All righty. That ends your turn? Caduceus, you're up. (counting) You get there to cast it? All right. What's the DC on that? Constitution. 26. They got a lot of constitution, these fire giants. Sorry. You do. Isn't that once per long rest, though? You did, I believe. That's right. All righty. The beetles scatter and go-- It has been, yeah. I was thinking of the kobolds, but no. It was earlier, before that. Go for it. They're attacking the shield, and it's burning up the beetles because it's a flaming shield. Right. They couldn't quite get there. There's so much shield for it to get to. (sizzling) You popped out and-- this is the wall here. This is a tunnel. For better appearance here. There, that's the tunnel. All righty. That finishes Caduceus' turn. It is now the fire giants' turn. Seeing Fjord there. (counting) He's going to go ahead-- he doesn't know if he's going to have enough range for it. He's going to attempt his shield charge. No, actually. It's going to instead cruise up 30 up to that point and it's going to grab a rock off the ground and chuck it straight at you, Fjord. Like a rock. It's about the size of your torso. It reaches off the side, and it's been sitting next to the lava and it's actually orange on one side from the nearby heat. Picks it up-- drops the shield for a second, picks it up and (swoosh) lobs it right towards you. Oh, that's going to be 32 to hit. Yeah. You can't tell where Fjord ends and Spurt begins. Oh, fuck. All right, that is 34 points of bludgeoning damage. I need you to make a concentration check. MARISHA and Because you are currently holding your spell. No, not Polymorph. He's holding-- like, when you begin casting your Thunder Step. It's a constitution saving throw, and you have to have half of 34, that puts it at 17. The DC of 17 you have to beat to maintain concentration. The boulder slams into you and for a minute your lights just go white. Your eyes go to complete and utter absence of image; just the color white. The pain streaks through you. You can feel the burning scrape of when it impacted your forehead, and as soon as you right yourself, you look down and the spell begins to fade from your fingertips, and you just barely hold on to it. It's like rocketing in your hands. You can see the energy and the thunderous power beginning to build in your palm. That finishes that giant's turn. The cow's going to move. SAM and Oh god. All right, I don't have movement for a cow here. Yeah, dude, they can move. Hold on. Cow. There it is "Large beast, 30 feet" The cow's going to go ahead and attempt to attack you. 21 to hit. What's your armor class? You take eight points of piercing damage as the cow gores you with its horn. I need you to make another constitution saving throw. Correct. It's DC ten. Oh my god! Damn it. Yasha's turn. She just barely makes it around with her 40 feet of movement to get to you, the cow now blocking that space that she was going to run through. No, she hasn't left the cow's melee range. Yasha runs up to you and-- Yeah, you guys appear already in the tunnel across the way. It does. Is there a save? 13, fail. Takes 20 damage. (poof) LAURA and The cow form is sundered as the thunder blast destroys its Polymorph form and then, (grunt) emerging from it the second fire giant, pissed off, real angry. But that does carry over seven points of thunder damage to the fire giant. All right, that finishes Yasha's turn. Nott, you're up. So you've already cast Invisibility on yourself? There you go. Your speed is now 35, because you took the halfling feat. So if you're moving at full speed-- the stealth rules, looking this up right here. As you're invisible, "Impossible to see-- The creature's location can be detected by "any noise it makes, tracks it leaves--" So still means stealth check, but you have advantage on the stealth check. I believe if you're moving your full speed it's disadvantage on stealth? I'm trying to remember. If you have disadvantage and advantage it just cancels out, no matter how much you have of each. So it would be just a straight roll. I'll put it there. That's fine. So go ahead and make a stealth check. It all cancels out. So (counting) that's your movement. As you come through quietly, the giant who just appeared goes-- and looks over. Passive perceptions are 15 and 16. Both giants look, and they see footsteps and they're both like, (grunts). They still don't know-- they know the general vicinity where you are. Anything against you still has disadvantage, but it's still your turn. You still have your bonus action and your attack. Yeah. This way? All right. So five, ten. As soon as the footsteps are happening, it makes an attack of opportunity in your general direction. It has disadvantage on the attack. So for this here-- this is with its giant maul. That is a 20 to hit. Okay. So it's a giant hammer that's large enough that sweeps through the general area and catches you in the back. You take-- 28 points of bludgeoning damage. Okay, so you use your reaction, so that makes it a 14. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, DC ten, to try and maintain concentration on Invisibility. No. Constitution saving throw. You just barely maintain concentration. That was the base DC. 15, 20, 25. You still have ten more feet of movement there. Okay. You're under the bridge now. Go for it. Go ahead and make a stealth check. This is with advantage. Yes. 18. Okay. They both saw where you went, but they don't know exactly where you are. That finishes your turn. Caleb, you're up, if you want to do anything. Okay. What's the save on that? Gotcha. Natural 19 plus five. I'm rolling really fucking good for these guys. That is ridiculous. They are. That's a plus five-- There you go. There? There? All right. Okay. Is that your turn? You got it. That finishes your go, to the top. Beau, anything? Are you staying put? To what? To-- Okay, you got it. That's your action. Jester, your turn. You doing anything? You're back in the tunnels, so you have to move out to really get a good view. All right. Fjord, you're on deck. Okay. Where are you placing your Right there. As it is an illusory duplicate, it does not need to make a check. It just appears to leap and land. Okay. I will say, make a deception check. Okay. That finishes your turn, Jester. Fjord, you're up. All righty. Caduceus. Nope. You would have to get a lot closer than you are, yes. You are actually further than 60 feet from Nott. Not too bad. You can move 15 feet and get pretty close. You could do that, yes. Yeah. You walk out and go-- And don't see Nott. All right, do you move back in? What spell? You got it. Okay, now it's their turn. The dreadnaught is going to step off there and use its shield charge against the bridge. Stepping forward and slamming into the stone there. It is. And there's a lot of people really confused out by that citadel. Ooh. The whole bridge comes crashing down. Into the lava there. This bridge part collapses. Nott, I need you to make a dexterity check. Or saving throw, please. 19. You avoid some of the damage. You manage to just skitter out of the way. So you take half. That puts you at, it would be 14 down to 7 points of bludgeoning damage. Yeah. So pushes into this area, knocks the bridge over, continues the movement into that point there. This one here is going to go ahead and move forward. You do, yes. You're fine. And it's going to use its action try to perceive you. It has no idea where you are. That is total-- you rolled an 18, right? Still cannot see you. All right. Yasha's turn. Anything? Yasha's staying put. Nott, your turn. Okay. You can do it. You can. You run across. (burning) It's up to you. Are you going to try and leap across? Yes, there is one chunk here that is splashing and hasn't sunken in yet. All right. Go ahead and make an athletics check, we'll say, just to try and-- Yep. That's fine. That's the base you needed. (swish) Making it across this way. As you rush across, though, the movement catches its attention. It gets an attack of opportunity on you. However, it's at disadvantage on the attack. So that would be 17 to hit. As soon as you rush up and leap in the air, it sees the push off of rocks and backhands with the hammer, and as it swings out you pull your legs up and it just barely (swoosh) misses from beneath your feet as you tuck them closer to your chest and land on that rock piece there. So that's (counting). You can attempt one more jump. Athletics check. Nine. (burning sound) So the good news is you don't (splash) into it, because lava doesn't really work that way. However, it's a lot of fire damage. Yeah, I'm trying to remember where that is. Yeah, it is. That's right! Okay, pardon me here-- It's not in that book. Yeah, it's all good. Thank you, Google. It's pretty bad. It's pretty bad. On page 249 of the Dungeon Master's Guide. Bless you. All right. Your foot hits the edge and just skips. You fall back and land and hit the lava on your back and legs. The ring keeps you from sinking into it, so I'm not giving you full submerged damage, so you don't take the full 18d10. (shocked screaming) It is. 48 points of fire damage. It's not an attack. You can't really dodge the fire. A Cure Wounds which has to be up next to him. You said Cure Wounds earlier-- I'll allow it, all right. I need you to make a constitution saving throw please. Oh, you're unconscious? Oh, okay. The second Nott falls, you see a burst of fire and Nott's unconscious body is currently in flames. TRAVIS and All right, so go ahead and roll that. That's right, because you are a grave cleric. You're also on fire. Okay, on the big one? What are you polymorphing them into? Okay. So that is a what? 16 wisdom. That is a 15. The large giant suddenly turns into a large octopus. I will say for the purposes of not having a giant octopus thing, we will just use that for now. It's aquatic in nature. It suddenly (wet impacts) and is now trying to pull itself forward on its new cephalopod body. So that's your action, Caleb. Okay, that ends your turn. Beau, you're up. So as soon as that happened, you would be (counting) 35. So you move up with your action. You haven't grabbed yet. That was your holding your dash. So you reached down and the flames are burning your hand. The heat is causing the skin on your face and arms to begin to bubble from just the sheer intensity of it. As you reach down and pull Nott's flaming body up from the lava, Nott, your eyes come open at that moment and you realize you're on fire, but Beau is holding you. You're going to go ahead and--? Well, you still have a movement and your bonus so it was just your action to pick up-- it's half-speed to drag somebody with you so you move 20 feet (counting) and then you can move (counting) 15 to get Nott into the tunnel. Okay. That would be your next turn because that was all your actions left. Jester, your turn. You see Beau suddenly rush in and drop to the ground and Nott is on fire. Nott currently is the only one on fire but you do take five points of fire damage just from the proximity of reaching out and grabbing Nott's body. Go for it. Roll for an attack. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 36 points of necrotic damage. As your duplicate rushes forward and reaches out and grabs the knee right in front of the storming fire giant. You watch as the surge of divine energy goes from a blue to a green to a black and as it pierces the knee cap and shoots up the leg, the giant just howls in extreme pain and while it was currently focused and reaching down for another boulder while watching Beau carry Nott away, it suddenly drops the rock, grabs its hammer, and looks down at your duplicate, furious. All right, that finishes your turn, Jester? Is that your turn? All right, Fjord. Anything? Nothing? All right. Caduceus? Okay, you use your action to put the fire out on Nott. You got it. That brings us to their turn. This one is going to-- No, just up there and then dashes. It's still not in range but it's curling over the ruins of the bridge. Your blink dog gets into your space there. Now at the end of Polymorph, it doesn't get a saving throw, right? I don't believe. Yeah, that's what I thought it was. Okay. All righty. Right, it's just concentration. That's right. Cool. The other fire giant is going to-- it does not discern that this is an illusion and just spends its turn with two giant hammer swings towards your illusory Jester just through it with no effect. Angrily swings again. No effect. Definitely knows it's an illusion now but wasted its entire turn doing that. That being the case, it's going to go ahead and move. (counting) 20. The thing sinks into the lava and its feet (sizzling sounds) into it. Doesn't matter. It is now starting to step out of the lava. Has one leg up and its hammer ready, and it's just steaming towards like you like an angry freight train. That ends their turn. Moving forward, Yasha's up. Anything? All right, Nott's turn. No. Fjord has put the fire out. 16 misses or it hits but it hits the plate armor in its chest and just ricochets off. 17. Actually, it hits the armor and gets stuck but it didn't pierce enough to actually hurt the giant. All right, that finishes your go. Caleb, your turn. The entire door wall closes off with five feet of stone. As soon as that happens, you're like, "Awesome. All right, let's go!" and you hear (pounding) from the back. The stone is already (cracking). All right. You guys go running and running. You hear the impacts from behind get more and more distant as you feel like you've managed to safely make your way beyond this strange encounter from the outskirts of this unknown fire giant citadel. And that's when we'll finish tonight's episode. (cheering) Who sent that? Well done. Well, thank you guys. Thank you so much Chris for jumping in. LAURA and Just to remind everyone we are taking a week off from Critical Role next Thursday and Talks will be off on that Tuesday the 12th so we'll be back the 14th at 7pm here. Yes, this Tuesday but not the Tuesday after. But yeah, we'll see you soon enough. Until then, we love you guys, have a wonderful week, and is it Thursday yet? Good night.