Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. If you recognize from those voices, we have returning finally, after the first foray into parenthood, Travis and Laura! Welcome back! We have missed you so much. How's the kid? Aw. That's true. Welcome back. TRAVIS and We're happy to have you. We missed you at the live show. I know, we felt it. The audience was fantastic. Let's go ahead and get into our announcements so we can kick into the game today. Tonight, we have two fantastic sponsors. Our first, our wonderful returning sponsor for campaign two, our friends and D&D Beyond. Sam. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, D&D Beyond. We appreciate that. Our second sponsor tonight, our fantastic friends at Dwarven Forge. You may have seen some of their products used pretty consistently on this show since I've had access to them. I've hungered after their work since I was a mid-20s-er, whatever you'd call that. Yeah. Thanks to their Kickstarters and their update from dwarvenite to resin, I was able to find them more affordable, and I love using it. They're big time Critters as well. They've been invested in the show, and they're also general leaders in hand sculpted and painted terrain sets. I love them, and they launched another Kickstarter recently for their Caverns Deep! set, which is awesome. It offers 15 different distinct encounter areas, like, as it says here, the Webbed Lair, the Mushroom Grotto, and a brand new forest terrain system called the Dreadhollow Forest, which me and Liam got unveil at Gen Con in a live game, that looks so fucking cool! So did I. We're there, you should back it too! They also put out a video, I think yesterday, the day before, that unveils one of their passages, I think it's the prison passage, where you get to watch me, as a little mini, get imprisoned, brutalized, and then murdered! It's fun! They asked if I'd help out with that, and I'm like, fuck yeah. You can become a backer now, if you're interested, at critrole.com/dwarvenforge for all the information about the current Kickstarter. It ends August 14th, so it's ending really soon. If you want to get in there, with all the amazing stretch goals, go check it out, and be the first to check out the exclusive Kickstarter at the price point that only the Kickstarter enables. Honey Heist 2 Electric Beargaloo-- --will air tomorrow at 700pm Pacific Time here at twitch.tv/criticalrole. Critical Role. Also, if you haven't seen yet, my fireside chat that we had on Tuesday, it's available on YouTube.com/criticalrole, where I drink a lot of really nice ports and talk questions and fun stuff. So it was a good hangout time. Hope to do those more in the future as well. I actually really enjoyed just sitting there and getting mildly tipsy with the Internet. It's fun. What the hell was that? Oh god. Yeah. That's what happens when people aren't updating it fast enough and we need to update the sheets here, so I do it for you. That's okay. Yeah, it's fucking bullshit. She did roll pretty poorly last time. Ashley got an 11. Yeah. Yeah, so whenever we get her back, she's going to be a little beefier. Last but not least, we have a bunch of new items in the shop. We have our retro tees back, we have the new Critter cap is in stock. I thought you said you didn't have anything to update. Then here, go for it! It will be back, yeah. As a reminder, we have our Wyrmwood giveaways at the break. We'll have information on that when we get to it, but you'll have to move over to the twitch.tv/criticalrole chat to jump into it and be a part of it. But we'll talk of that when we get to it. With that, our announcements for the evening are done. Yes? Your timing is impeccable. With that, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Oh, the amnesia arc. You've got to have one at every point in the party. We lost one, we gain one. I know. These three members-- Yasha, Jester, and Fjord-- all captured by the Iron Shepherds, this group of slavers, and dragged north to Shadycreek Run, outside of the laws of the Empire. The rest of the members, finding new allies in Keg, the dwarven fighter; Nila, the firbolg druid; and a brief reappearance of the fantastic human cleric, Shakäste. These friends together managed to storm the gifted stronghold of The Sour Nest, attack and destroy, one by one, this team of slavers, leaving The Iron Shepherds down to their last few in the subterranean basement where these cages contained their friends, chained and held in darkness. There, the battle with Lorenzo, revealing his final form after stalking them invisibly from the air for their entire journey through that fortress, revealed himself to be an oni, a terrible creature of nightmare and entirely unnatural strength and capability. However, through some ingenuity, fast thinking, and some incredible luck, Lorenzo found himself unable to escape. The members of your team, knocked unconscious, brought back from the brink, and a final blow was dealt by Caleb, as his arcane cinders burned away the final remnants of Lorenzo's demonic form. There, as you began to inspect the interior of the subterranean chamber, you discovered in one set of these prison cells to the left, there lie chained Jester and Fjord. In the other, an unconscious Yasha. With that, you made your way through the bars, unlocking the mechanisms that held them at bay, and have now come back face to face with your taken friends, with one new friend, and one missing. And that's where we come in. Jester, you and Fjord both, in the chamber after enduring the sounds of other captors being punished, being tortured, and a nearby friend enduring it silently just to frustrate them. You've been trying desperately to contemplate ways of escape, to try and find a way to relieve yourself of your bindings to no avail. Then suddenly, there's the sound of battle, weapons scraping on stone and metal and flesh, screams, familiar voices, flashes of light, the air rushing warm and cold with the nearby blasting of arcane energies, divine forces and powers brought in to sustain and snuff life, and then silence. You hear the voices come close, and as you barely manage to move over and glance over your shoulder, you watch as the bars swing open to the chamber where you're held, and the tiny form of Nott the Brave rushes over and embraces you, saying You pull off what is essentially a thick leather gag that has been keeping her from speaking. They're bound by chained manacles, but we'll say, given the fact that there is no immediate pressure of time, you take your time with the bindings, using your lock picks, and manage to free her of the manacles. As you guys had noticed, at this point you've glanced over in the other chamber and you do see, faced away and lying within the other chamber, is Yasha. You manage to eventually get it open, and inside, she is lying there, motionless. Mm-hmm. It's really relatively easy to check she's breathing. She looks pretty brutalized. There are gashes and tear marks in the flesh where hooks were pulled through, there are streaks of dried blood on her. But she's not unconscious within an inch of her life. She's a hardy woman, and she's endured a lot and then some, and she lies here unconscious before you, still bound in manacles. The wounds seal up and she notably becomes healthier. Some scars still remain, but she's further from the brink. But still unconscious. You buried him along the Glory Run Road. You turn around and there's Keg awkwardly standing in the back of the chamber, hearing all this. You can see the guilt in her eyes, and she goes, "I'm going to go join Caduceus." Pulls out a cigarette and lights it as she follows him up. Go ahead and make an insight check. (laughter) You guys were the first ones that were-- you were the prime candidates to be broken. As you guys bring her up and you look for other people who were in the cages, you notice that they're all missing. Shakäste has ushered them out of the complex to get them to safety as he said he would. Caduceus and Keg are up there sharing a conversation, feeling like the proverbial outsiders. I love it. Keg is going through the corpses of the different thugs and rolling them for change. She's got a cigarette hanging out of the mouth feeling through pockets. Who's helming the investigation of the stronghold? All right, so go ahead and roll twice and roll with advantage. Well no, it gives you advantage to spend a ki point to do it. 15, all right. Over the next hour or so, you guys begin to tear through. If someone wants to take note of this, these are the things that you find-- All right. Amongst the bodies and materials that have been set aside to equip those who exist within The Sour Nest, you get six shortswords, two longswords, two crossbows, three shortbows, and eight sets of partially damaged leather armor. They're all used, they're not the highest quality. They're functional. Possibly, depending on where you take them. That's the low end. Because you got higher than a 12, you do find-- the bottom floor is a number of the-- the second basement floor, you find a plethora of torture implements. Plenty of brands and small blades and hooks. You find flaying knives. It's a terrible array. If you were to choose to take any, you could write down torture implements. Should you be so inclined. You do find on the bodies of the-- Yeah. On the bodies of everyone who-- all the bodies that still remain here, as the body of Lorenzo is destroyed other than the glaive, you find 131 gold pieces across all those bodies. In the storage chests that are in various bunkers in the top floor, you also find a potion that looks like a weird, syrupy, quicksilver type of a liquid on the inside of this little glass vial and you find this receipt. Yeah, Keg has spoken. That's the opposing house to House Mardun. Yeah. Could take them down in a place that has law. But it may have some use, you don't know. You did get the baseline 15 DC, though, in going through the upstairs chamber that you found to be Lorenzo's chamber. Through the bed, you find 15 gold pieces scattered in some of the shelves near the bed unit, beneath where there's the platter containing the remains of some young creature. Then beneath, tucked underneath the bed and up into the slats, you find a heavy leather bag of some kind. You pull it out, and what you find is-- You can check if you want to. Go ahead and make an investigation check. Not trapped, just well hidden. You do find this thick leather satchel. As you pull it back, it's well made. It has some stains on it, it looks like. Some more of a crimson history, some that look like general dirt wear and tear. TRAVIS, MARISHA and The stitching is really well done, and the front of it looks like a face, the way it's designed. It has a little flap that opens up, yeah. You look inside and it looks like an empty bag. No gold. The temperature felt consistent with the temperature of the room you're in. It vanishes into the satchel. (gasping) Nothing comes out. You don't get any stones, no. No jewelry. Which is great too, when you see the dirty coat and the giant, bright, hot pink haversack over the shoulder. It's a pretty great visual. Looking through, not much of a reader. Not a lot of readers in here. The few that had any sort of magical persuasion, none of it was knowledge-based. Most of it was instinct or natural innate ability. Sure. You guys did together. This is the next hour, hour and a half of you guys going through as much as you can, as quickly as you can, because you are still not supposed to be seen or found in connection with this. You all eventually gather everything and come back to Caleb. You would gather at this time it's maybe close to three in the morning. Sunrise is not that far away. Yeah, Caduceus is in the kitchen cooking, and you begin to hear some pots rattle around, and you smell some nice scents of fried herbs and veggies and some other non-meat based food preparation. Including these guys? Including Shakäste, if I'm recalling... Nine? Nine. At this point you guys have gathered together we'll say. Caduceus eventually comes and joins you guys, with platters of all sorts of well-cooked, well-spiced, organic vegetables, and whatever else you happen to have on you. True. So what are you casting, Caleb? What are you casting? Identify, okay. Well, it's got a bottom. Make sure you know everything it can do, so you guys don't-- I think you guys are probably not hanging down in the torture dungeon now, which has very low red light from occasional low-burning wall sconces. The main chambers are well-lit with torches in the hallway areas, and the interior chambers are a little low-lit. So there is light; there's just not a lot. You look inside, and it looks pretty empty. No noise. Okay. As you pull the bag inside-out, it jolts away from one side of your grasp, and a bunch of things spill out of it onto the ground. (clattering, clanging) From the bag. SAM and The heavy noise that draws you guys over to this involves collecting 101 platinum pieces that were in the bag-- (yelling) Four additional sets of manacles. It was just casting a spell, and she wasn't always touching it necessarily. She was just near it, and sometimes would touch it. About two dozen teeth clatter to the ground, from varying backgrounds, and levels of decay. A meat hook a handheld meat hook. Looks a bit rusted. There is a red gem a well-carved red gem about that big, not quite a ruby, called a corundum gem. A sealed envelope-- a wax-sealed envelope, but as part of the seal there's a coin pressed into the seal. That's what it looks like. In fact, you recognize it immediately. This is called a galley. A galley is specifically a gold piece that is produced along the Menagerie Coast. Make an investigation check. Okay. It does not appear to be trapped. It's a little more like the grease stain of somebody who was holding it, not necessarily any bloodstain. Like Lorenzo maybe had grasped it while a little greasy. It's an I. The red gem is just a square-shaped, hewed gem. That looks like a crystal sphere with a giant, hacked crack across the front of it. It's really familiar to you, though. Quen'pillar is a month, yes. It's the next month. The Wayfarer's Cove you're also familiar with. It's one of the three main shipping yards of Nicodranas. It's pretty damn close. You bring out what looks to be a really nice pearl. You get the sense that it's not a real pearl. This is a pretty cheap piece of jewelry. They're called merrow. You have no idea who that is. You've lived in the town for a while, and you know a lot of things about the locations, but you haven't traveled around Nicodranas. The people you know are those that have come in and out of where you grew up, and that name does not ring a bell. Neither does the Captain. I would like Caleb and Beauregard, and Fjord, actually-- the three of you to roll intelligence checks. That's true. So just Beauregard. Mm-hmm. Okay. No. That is a real coin, yes. It is a gold coin; if you'd like to take it off of the envelope, you may add one gold to your-- Fjord is expecting. Which one? The Cult of the Caustic Heart. That was, if I recall, with Calianna. Looking over them, it appears that one of them would be similar to a tusk, yes. Sure. At the moment? Looking at the specifics of this... It looks like a solid dome of faintly orange-ish brown colored energy and you can pass through it. It feels like there's nothing there except for the temperature on the inside. It's nice and comfortable. It goes through. Yeah, he's a tall fellow. The dome is about a ten foot radius. A voice on the outside goes, "Uh, where'd everyone go?" Can she come in? Keg steps in. You see the dirt smeared side of the face of this really intense, square-jawed dwarf woman with what was once five o'clock shadow that is now coming into some decent stubble now. Short, reddish brown hair. Currently in the last elements of a hand rolled cigarette, in full armor, smattered with blood. "Hey, so I guess we saved you?" (doubtful groans) "I'm just happy to make up for past mistakes." Teeth and coin and gem all come clattering into the middle of your circle. The potion that you found earlier is magical. The red gem is also magical. The sets of manacles emit a faint magical aura. Meat hook is not magical. There are bolts. If you wanted to restock, there's probably close to 300 bolts. Probably about a hundred arrows. I'd say yeah. If you're looking around I say you find an errant dagger or two. Two daggers. Not too difficult to locate in this space. Glancing over the chains, you can only begin to fathom how many people have been put in that set. It's pretty big. It's a set of manacles. It's like two wrist manacles-- It's two cuffs for the wrists that goes behind the back, and then two cuffs that go around the ankles, and then chains that connect them. It's maybe about 15, 20 pounds of metal. You guys all resting up for the evening? As the sun is right about now, Caleb, rising. It's about 530 in the morning. You guys have been doing all this through the night. Yeah. Okay. As you focus and attune to the weapon, you feel the essence of the blade that you had previously bound yourself to begin to slip. Faint, interior rumbling of your ribcage begins to feel like a heavy bass that is quaking on the inside of your torso. It's uncomfortable at first, and then you realize it's this burrowing, for lack of a better term, appetite with the previous weapon now gone and that void, that hunger, focusing in. You're looking at the blade and you blink and as your eyes open, that shadowed depths are around you once more. You look around for an instant and all you see is the deep, dark recesses of some endless ocean. You look down at the blade in your grasp, the Summer's Dance blade, and then blink once more and you're back in the chamber and it's gone from your hand. Yeah. You guys watched as he focused on it over time, the blade seemed to fade away. It looks like the exterior begins to turn to ash and crumble, but then nothing hits the ground below it. Then it's gone. All those who were paying attention and hadn't gone to sleep yet. With that awkward silence, you see Keg staring straight out, the guilt on the face of the mention of Molly once more. "I'm going to have to-- I'm just going to leave you guys to rest. I'm "going to take some me time." Then backs out of the dome and one quick glance at Beau as she exits. Okay. Your sketchbook is. Okay. You all finish a very necessary long night's rest. Coming to consciousness as the dome vanishes, exposing the center of the base floor walkway, where Caleb had set up both the protections of his spells and the dome in the first place. Beau has not returned. You all wake up. The front door which is right across from where you are is partially ajar, partway open. Okay. Make a perception check. You walk outside. It's early afternoon now. It's chilly. Snowfall has set in now, and there is a faint snowfall over the entire grounds of the interior of this courtyard where the trees have been cleared for the construction of The Sour Nest, is just white. You see it gathering up on the tops of the walls on the outside. It's almost beautiful, if not for the connotation of where you are. All around you, on the outskirts of the wall you can see where the white is dusting over the purple and grays of the Savalierwood that surrounds you. You do notice, across the way, the open gates on the southern side of the wall that enters into the courtyard are also partially ajar. You see faint footsteps leading from the gate to where you are. They are, and they're heading away from you. Okay. Beau, at one point you did wake up this morning. Halfheartedly, as some people aren't as stealthy in their exits as others. Open one eye and glance over, and the door closes. All right. You all come to consciousness as Caleb wakes you. On the outskirts of the dome by where Nott was sleeping, there is a tiny little piece of paper. There is, underneath the paper where you pulled it away, you saw it was a medallion that was hanging from the bottom of her warhammer. It has a symbol of a star or a sun of multiple points sticking out on all sides. All right. Have to have one character in every campaign that grows facial hair for no reason. Beau, you wake up and there is a letter. Those letters were actually written by Ashly Burch for you guys. Yeah. It was left below, yeah. Yeah, you have it. It's a wicked looking weapon. It is not magical. Interesting point, too. Some of the corpses you passed by in the middle of the arena were starting to be overgrown with fungus. It's quite disgusting. All right. If you go ahead and check, the carts still appear to be saddled up with the cages. When you approach, it looks to be small bundles of produce and various packs, but upon reaching the edge and peering in, your face immediately goes past the illusion and you see the tarp, a heavy tarp that's laid over the cages. Pulling it open, the cages are still there in the cart, yes. Best you can tell, whatever's under the tarp is invisible. Everything in the cart. They're pretty large cages. They're 6-foot by 4-foot by 4-foot. They're stacked up two at a time. You can, yeah. You pull off the cages and pull off the tarp, and they all come out of the illusion, and they're normal. You get under the tarp, and you're under a tarp. You see all your friends getting under a tarp. Nope. Wait, you guys pulled the cages and the tarp off the cart. Currently, nothing seems to be changed. The cart still looks like it's filled with some small bundles-- The cart is where the illusion is focused. As Jester steps into the cart, she vanishes. Okay. What it is, is it's a localized illusion to give a fake interior appearance of a cart, but that enchantment has been made permanent through some other magical means. From Shady Creek? It's only about an hour or so. From Ophelia's, it's about an hour and a half by foot. By cart, you're not too sure. These woods can be thick and hard to get through in large carts. Slower by cart because you're having to ferry it through some more difficult terrain. All right. You grab two of the horses that are still set up on the exterior, you get them forded to the cart. You guys throw your cushions and blankets into the back. Who's going to be guiding the cart? There is still the front where the actual seat is where you can hold the reins and steer it where it goes. All right, so Caduceus and Caleb up front, the rest in the back? Two horses on the cart, two horses that are free, ridden by-- All right. That puts Jester and Nott in the cart with Yasha. With that, you pull the cart free from where it has sunken into some of the cold mud that seems to have closed around the wheels as the frozen temperatures of the snowfall caused it to harden. Eventually it pulls itself out of that section on the side of the Sour Nest and begins trekking, cutting its way, leaving little tracks in the snow along with the hoof prints. With that, Beauregard, you jump off and quickly push the gates outside from the courtyard out into the Savalierwood. With that, you begin to trek back towards Shady Creek Run, in the mid afternoon of this now somewhat cold, snowfallen portion of the day. And that's where we'll go ahead and take a break. Picking up with you guys approaching the fantastic Estate Sybaritic. Before we get to there, we're going to go ahead and do our giveaway. Today we have this awesome white oak tabletop dice tray from our friends at Wyrmwood. It's nice, smells good. It's got a leather interior. It's kind of awesome. We need you guys to jump over to the Twitch chat on Critical Role, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, during the break and enter, only once, the keyword tonight, which is "reunion." Yes. Enter it once, more than once and you'll be disqualified. Once again, because of weird giveaway laws, only residents in the United States and Canada excluding Quebec are able to enter. Go ahead and jump over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, enter your code, and we'll see you back here in a little bit. All right, guys. [break] Welcome back, everyone. Laura will be back when she finishes feeding the baby. However, we do have our winner of the giveaway at the break. It is LandonFoster1. Congratulations. I know, he's trying to win his own giveaways. Damn it! We'll have that sent to you ASAP. We'll contact you and get your information and congrats for your new Wyrmwood dice box coming your way. All righty. Y'all-- SAM and Yes! For those who didn't know, it is Ashley Johnson's birthday. Yeah, we wanted her here badly, but her shoot schedule did not allow it. We wish her happy birthday on social media and such. She is amazing and we love her, and we want her back ASAP. Yes. You all begin to make your way through this section of the Savalierwood, following the best pathways you can for the next hour, hour and a half before you begin to break into the North Clover area of the city. Trying to maneuver around carefully so as to not be conspicuous. Thankfully, the enchantment on the cart enables you to do so without much issue. However, it is also a very populated area with friends and enemies of the house you are traveling to. Who wants to be responsible for trying to remain inconspicuous? Yes, well, you still have four of you who are out in the open. Two on horseback, and two actually bringing the cart forward. Perfect. Okay. All righty. This part in the afternoon, it's bustling enough towards the central main Clover Street. With your preparation, it doesn't seem that you catch too much attention, thankfully. You do eventually make your way to the outskirts of the two-story Estate Sybaritic where you see the familiar dark red wood and the fence with six-inch spear tips still aggressively daring anybody to vault over or make entry. The guards that you had previously encountered when you first arrived immediately turn, and you see the two on the inside of the courtyard, and the one that's outside of the gate as another one appears to be stepping into his position he had left for a moment. All look over as you begin to approach, get their crossbows ready. One of the guards at the very front, the one that's on the outside of the wall already, begins to approach with his hand on the side of a sheathed blade. "Who goes there?" "Please wait here, I'll be right back. I'm going to go check." He closes the gate behind him, locks it, leaves you there, and the two other guards keep their crossbows at the ready, but not aimed. Just careful and ready to go. A few moments pass, and the front doors to the estate open once more. The guard returns, approaches, unlocks the gate, opens it, "Very well, you may enter. Bring your--" He opens the other side of the gate, but it looks like it's not quite wide enough to get the full cart into it. "You'll have to leave your cart here." "We do not. We'll watch it, don't worry. We'll keep an eye on it. It's not going anywhere." "Yes! It's my job. I'm stationed literally right here." "All right, we can muster a few additional hands." "I'll go ahead and put in the request." "Do not worry." He gives an awkward stare, "Very well. The mistress is waiting for you." He steps inside. The guards flank behind as the rest of you-- Nott, Yasha, and Jester are staying within the cart. The rest of you make your way through the courtyard into the main chamber, into the familiar interior. Noticing this for the first time, this beautiful estate looks like it was built from imported wood, a dark, red-brown, maroon wood color. You can see elements of gold leafing in some of the designs have been carved at the edges where different large wall areas come together, and there's a slight pillar that separates it from panel to panel. The closer you get to it, you also see that they've been weathered over time. Some of the wood is starting to warp a bit, and upon closer inspection, upkeep is better seen at a distance. You enter the interior of the warm foyer, you can see the staircase that ascends upward. You can see the portraits of figures that seem to be members of this same family. It is both beautiful and imposing to enter this chamber. The energy here seems very tense. While you've only seen a handful of guards, you feel like there are more eyes on you than meets the eye. A moment later, stepping down the staircase, you hear the footsteps of Ophelia Mardun. You see a voluptuous tiefling woman with dark, ash-gray skin, vibrant yellow eyes, pupil-less; sharpened fangs that curl down from the top of her teeth, slicked back long black hair that seems to almost meet the back of her ankles. Her horns curve backward and go straight up towards the rear of her head. Her coat, this time not of the same colonial garb you had seen before, but appears to be wearing a long, deep maroon robe that drags down the steps behind her. It's tight across in the front. She's in more of a leisurely appearance, but she descends, one hand on the front of the robe, the other slightly gliding down the banister, looking over this strange bunch that have entered. Recognizing you two, not recognizing you two, and says so as she begins to descend down the final bit of the staircase. "I see some familiar faces, but, "strangely, some I do not. Who are your friends before I come any closer?" "Completed, you say? Are you to tell me that these Iron Shepherds have been dealt with?" "And what proof have you brought me?" "Fetch it for me." One of the guards comes over and puts his hands on the glaive and waits for you to release it. He walks over and hands it to Ophelia. She grasps it and (grunts). It's got some heft to it. She takes it and looks it over, "Very well. You are absolutely certain there are "no signs left behind to trace it? No one saw you? No one followed you?" "I know of the one that did, yes." Make a persuasion check with advantage. She wants to believe you, but is-- Her yellow eyes darken into slits as she inspects you. For that brief, pregnant pause in conversation, you feel this probing stare. You cannot see where the pupils glance, but you feel like you are being looked up and down, and then every aspect of your facial expressions and mannerisms being instantaneously processed. She leans back comfortably in her stance, now previously with an intense force of confrontational energy, she now seems to relax, takes the glaive and hands it off to one of her guards and says, "Please prepare that for mounting "within my collection." "Right. Very well. Leave it with them please." The guard that was taking it off turns around and brings it back and hands it to you. "Consider it a favor. Remember it, please. Very well. I am indeed impressed and intrigued. "Zemas!" she shouts off, down one of the hallways, and you see a servant rush around the corner, "Yes?" "Prepare two carriages and a package for entry to the Empire. We shall be gone for a couple "of weeks to secure business with a contact of mine. Notify Anselm of my absence, please. We "leave at dusk." "Of course, my lady," and he rushes off. "Are you ready to leave at dusk?" "I was under the impression, based on my contacts with The Gentleman, that we were to "return together." "Very well." "How many? I've only called two carriages one for myself and one for you. Do you require more?" "So a third carriage? It becomes a bit conspicuous in travel." "Very well. Two carriages, same as said before. I will prepare, collect my things. I "suggest you do the same. We leave soon. I am excited to travel alongside you." She smiles, turns, and begins to ascend the steps. Which, right now, based on how early in the afternoon it is, gives you roughly about two and a half, three hours before dusk hits. Is there anything you guys wish to do or prepare while you're waiting for her to join you outside of the estate? Anybody. Comparably. This is the northern side of the Clover Plaza, a little bit to the northwest. Imagine this is like the sparse, gated community of the lawless city. The northern side of the street is where most of the houses live, the various feuding factions. It's where the money goes. Right around the road, especially south of it and east of it, is where you start getting into the slums and the folks that exist here because they have no other choice. The guards that are inside the house are not wearing face protection. They're wearing hide armor comprised of multiple thick strips of cured hide dyed to a dark maroon color. There is definitely a color scheme going on here in the interior and Ophelia's preferred means of wear. The ones outside do have a very simple leather cap with heavy straps, like a Roman-type style, that descend past the sides of the chin, but that's about it. As this is happening, you guys are talking and spending time within the cart. Which is helping tremendously in the process. She's still unconscious. The enchantment does last for a protracted period of time. You do begin to hear a few pairs of horse hooves coming up louder, behind where the cart is currently set. You guys can see outside of it because there is no tarp covering the space. You turn around and look. You don't know if they can hear you or not, but you see two rather extravagant-looking carriages making their way towards you. You can see this dark wood with gold detailing on the outsides. Each has a curtained window on the right and the left, sets of large, spoked wheels on each side, and each one has two horses affixed to the front. There is a driver at the front of each one. There is no reaction, but you are, indeed, mooning them. Make a stealth check. This one older fellow, his nose has grown over time to the point where it's overpowering the front of his face, and he's got this rough, white hair across his chin where he hasn't shaved in a bit, but he's dressed raggedly, though nice? If you imagine one of the ghosts in Haunted Mansion before it died, it's how he's dressed, and as it (horse clopping), he hears you laughing and he looks, "Hello?" He steps down from it-- (laughter). As you guys are stepping outside, you hear this as well, and you see the two carriages brought up on the sides of the estate. Shortly thereafter, Ophelia comes behind you, through the door, in the long colonial coat that you had first met her in. Behind her, you see two other guards carrying a number of packed handbags. She points, "All right, "please place them-- the front one is mine-- within there." They start loading the bags up into the carriage, up on top of it. One of the guys are lifting the other up and they are passing the bags along as he's putting it up and they're strapping it down with rope across the top of it for travel until, eventually, she is escorted outside of the grounds. She looks to you all outside of the cart-- those that she can see, and she goes, "Should anyone ask along our journeys, I am Lady "Quinn Denzala of Nogvurot going to see my ailing mother in Deastok. You are my personal guard. If "you mess that up-- well, you may have more blood on your hands, so it would behoove you to pay "attention. Hmm?" "Very good. Now, let us be off in comfort." She steps up into the carriage and one of the guards helps her. She closes the door behind her. The other carriage doors open and are left open for whoever would like to travel along with them. There's one carriage that's her's, and another carriage-- She does not want to travel with anybody. At least, not at the moment. All right, that's Caleb. Currently, just one-- Oh, with her? She has her own carriage. As you guys are hitching the horses to the other horses, Ophelia leans out of a window and goes "This is intended to be nothing but a visitation travel, there is no reason to have "additional beasts. Do you care for your beasts? Are they sentimental to you?" "Cut them loose, and whatever you lose, I will happily repurchase for you when we arrive in Zadash." "I appreciate your clarification." "Indeed." Closes the curtains on her window. You still have two horses on your cart, but there are the two being ridden separately. Those horses begin to wander off, finding their way through the Savalierwood southward. Well, say goodbye to the two of your choosing, Nott. There you go, okay. As they wander off, you hear "Hyah!" (lashing, horse clopping), the carriages begin to pick up speed. Caduceus, you're driving the cart? With that, it picks up as well, and now your train of two carriages and your cart begin to make their way southward, through Shadycreek Run. You guys begin to curve through the Clover Plaza, where you can see the bustle of the city is definitely making its way towards the latter half of the day. The sunset is cresting probably in the next hour or so. Keeping watch, the ones that are looking about would be-- Caduceus, you'd have a good view? You guys have a view throughout the illusion, so you three-- Sure. Sure. You finish focusing on the spell and as you release your arcane incantation to sense the area around you, there's nothing about the cart that appears magical. Since you're focusing on that, and you are-- All right, I would like you four-- or you three, and you to go ahead and roll perception checks, please. The two of you noticing as the cloud covered skies-- the snowfall has lightened, it's not as heavy as it was in the morning, but there is still a faint, soft falling of snowflakes in the air. The now gray and white city with the edges of the roads mucked with dirty snow and mud, being tracked through from all the foot and cart traffic. You do notice off to the sides near one of the inns or taverns that you have not had the opportunity to visit yet, within the Clover Plaza, you see a small gathering or meeting that catches your attention. You glance over and-- you wouldn't have context. Actually, none of you have the context for this. The two of you see a small meeting, between two really burly-looking figures in armor. A similar style-- or at least a haphazard patchwork-style of armor and adornments as some of the others that patrol the streets, keeping an eye out. Look like thugs a bit. You see two of them meeting with two figures that are in heavy cloak and hood. Because of your perceptive abilities, you notice that they are of a similar skin color as Ophelia. Their features are very fine, and their lithe bodies vanish within the heavy cloaks that guide them. You do see bits of armor protruding off the side of one that appear to be dark and insect-like. It does. As you're watching out you see them discussing-- there is a brief transaction in the shadows of this alleyway and a handshake from the two cloaked figures and these two others. As you ride by and continue southward. You pay very close attention as you pass through the main thoroughfare of the Clover Plaza. They don't seem to notice or pay any mind to your presence and eventually they are out of sight, and you have no means of keeping tabs on them. As you now head towards the southern side of the Clover Street, heading towards the outskirts of Shadycreek Run. Eventually out of the city entirely. As the buildings begin to give way to hovels and huts, and tents, and shacks, you begin to see really where the bulk of those who have escaped or not allowed entry into the Empire now reside. You see mud-covered folks that are bundled up for body heat in this cold weather. Many that are outstretching hands in your direction for handouts, and others that get too close to the outside of Ophelia's carriage. The cart-driver grabs a switch off the side and whacks one of them on the hand and he recoils from it and darts off, and a few others hiss and run off with him. Eventually, that gives way to the path that leads to the Quannah Breach. Familiar for those of you who had traveled here previously, you can see the Dunrock Mountains ahead the large, spiky crags that make up that mark this mountain range that is the divide between the northern Grey Wastes and the descent into the Dwendalian Empire. The Greying Wildlands that you reside in begin to give way as you see the gate of the Uttolot family's exit from the region. As you approach, similar figures that originally greeted you at dusk when you had arrived here seem to be stationed there. As they approach the carriage, before they can even raise a word, Ophelia leans one arm out the side and throws a small coin purse in their direction. One of them catches it, opens it real fast, and gives a motion. The two gates open before the carriage. There you get to see the familiar sharpened wooden pikes that are adorned with skulls and pieces of whatever other warnings they could amass for anybody who attempted to pass without paying the toll. Passing beyond those gates, you curve around the corner and now you're between the sheared cliffs of the Quannah Breach, where it looks like this mountain was pulled apart, leaving behind this strange, snaking maze of open pathway. Smooth on the inside of these otherwise rough mountains, like wind has, over time, eroded and driven smooth the interior through here. You can hear the faint winds blowing through, occasionally bursting with loud whistles and this droning moan sound that seems to be created by the wind pushing against these weirdly carved pathways through. These drivers have done this many times and very deftly maneuver through. When it does fork off in different directions, they knowingly take the path that you assume will bring you to the end of this journey. After a bit of time passing through this strange ravine, it opens up once more to a very large gate. You can see crownsguard there, expecting you as you pass through. The crownsguard begin to approach. The carriages stop, and Ophelia steps out. As she does so, another one of the carriage drivers, the one that's driving your carriage, Beau and Caleb, steps off to join her with a small scroll case. She steps up to the captain of this watch. From a distance, they begin to have a conversation. You can't hear it. It's hushed voices, or at least not loud enough to reach your distance. Nah, that's the old campaign. All right. It gives you about 12 seconds of invisibility. It's until the end of your next turn. Best use of Channel Divinity in D&D history right there, ladies and gentlemen. As this is happening, and you're watching carefully across the way, the scroll case is opened and a series of papers are handed to the crownsguard there. Then a handful of coin are passed over by Ophelia to the captain. Reads over the papers, hands them back, gives a hand motion to a group of about six or seven crownsguard at the gate. They begin to open it, and entry is given to the Empire. In the few days you've been gone, the carriages pick up speed once more and you re-enter the Dwendalian Empire, heading towards the northern side of the Marrow Valley. Welcome back. Continuing southward through the night. Eventually, the carriages pull off to the side for the evening. (laughs) That no one can see. Ophelia doesn't leave her carriage, but eventually the carts and the two carriages are circled around a campfire. The drivers begin to cook their own meal and you are allowed to use the space to make what you wish. You guys are far beyond the city, you're beyond the Quannah Breach. You haven't reached the main road yet. You are just south of the breach, maybe by four hours or so. You're still north, north side if you want to-- Yes, far north. A few days north of that. Like three days north. All right. For the purpose of expediency, you have another day and a half, two days worth of travel. The snowfall hasn't come in flurries, thankfully. It's just been a gentle, continuous snowfall. Chilled as it is, the blankets have come in handy for those riding in the cart as the carriages themselves help insulate somewhat from the temperature. There comes a point where all of you who were present Beauregard, Caleb, Nott. Where your hair begins to stand on your skin, and this deep, lead-like sinking sensation clenches the bottom of your stomach. As you've, a short time ago, met up with the Glory Run Road heading southward. You begin to come upon two familiar-looking mounds, hills that flank the sides of the road. She responds, "A quick pit stop, if that is what you require?" "Very well." The carriage at the front comes to a slow stop. The second carriage comes to a stop. As you all begin to step out of your spaces, the soft white hills and white fields and small elements of the slushy road immediately catch your vision. There, towards the southern side of the eastern hill, you see the single wooden cross embedded in the somewhat hard, cold earth. There, not yet removed from the cross, whether it be by luck or superstition, there is the white, snow-dappled, multicolored coat of Mollymauk Tealeaf. What did she pull? You watch as the blade emerges. The golden sheen of the Summer's Dance is crooked towards the tip, the previously smooth curvature of it seeming to have blended with the design of the falchion. It's a strange exaggerated blend of the two. It's about midday. As you look around at the nearby clouds, you glance back towards the cart, and you see, stepping out of the cloak of illusion, the leathered, conscious figure of Yasha, having shaken herself from the illusory binds. Groggy and confused, she steps towards the rest of you. "What's going on?" She takes a few more steps. She seems to have tuned the rest of you out and is focused on the marker. "It happened again." She walks towards the grave, the crunching of her boots through the condensed snowfall, until eventually she comes to rest at the very point of where he was interred. Falls to her knees, her shoulders slumped forward, her hair, dark to white tumbling past the front of her torso. Turned away from you all. Just quiet. Both of you feel her shoulders quaking. You can't tell if it's tears, anger, whatever it is, it's emotion. You hear a growl. The growl gets louder and louder as she begins to stand up. All of you hear this echoing scream from the depths of Yasha's soul-- this mournful, baleful cry of anger and anguish-- shatter the still, cold air of this midday sky. The blackened, skeletal wings of her fallen aasimar form force both of your hands to recoil. She looks up to the sky. In the distance, you see two or three flashes of blue lightning from a coalescing storm far to the east. Her head lowers, without meeting any of your gaze. She puts her hand forward on the top of the marker, steps around it, and begins walking towards the storm. LAURA and She puts her hand up. "I'll find you when I'm ready." The wings flicker out. You finish focusing on the cantrip. It feels like it sufficiently took root, although you do not see any difference, as it is a bit beneath the dirt. As you all turn around and begin making your way, crunching through the snow, outside of her carriage you see Ophelia Mardun, arms crossed, leaning against the outside of it. As you approach, she has a curious tilt to her head, and she goes, "I assume this is where you lost "someone? Unfortunate." "Don't I know it. Well, may whoever they are, may their soul find peace. To whatever that "means to them." She turns around and gets back up into the carriage. With that, you all assemble back onto your respective carts and places and "Hyah!" The carts begin to pick up pace once more, and silently, you all glance over your shoulder, unable to look away, until eventually the hills break the horizon, and you're unable to see the last standing coat and grave site of Mollymauk. Now heading southward for a few more days, trekking down, you find your way towards the Crispvale Thicket on the Glory Run Road. There is the crossroads which turn westward, and then curving outside of the Crispvale Thicket, towards Hupperdook and the Silberquel Ridge. Eventually, after a couple more days, you pass by and you can see in the distance, as the night gets dark, the glowing lights and the fireworks of Hupperdook's evening celebrations. Memories calling back to that wonderfully colored person. All the joy they brought. The flowers in their hair and horns. Eventually heading back towards the crossroads that leads towards Felderwin and Berleben. Following that path, about eight days of travel lead you finally to the visual sight of the central metropolis of Zadash ahead of you. For whatever a home could be for this motley family, this is it, and you've made it. By the time you arrive after an evening's camp, you hit the northern gates outside of Zadash by about one o'clock in the afternoon, it would be. Ophelia presents her paperwork to the crownsguard that guard the exterior gate. Without issue, you're let in and back to the familiar cobblestone streets of the district. You can see the Tri-Spires towering over the exterior walls that mark that district. Memories of what you've done here and times that you've first met and made whatever small impact and strange experiences this city had before, you've returned. So, Mighty Nein, what do you wish to do? Caleb would know, and I'm sure CritRoleStats, too, would know. I will guesstimate, since the last time I checked in with them on this and the events you guys have gone through, you're three and a half weeks in. You're pushing somewhere, I'm guessing after all that eight days of travel coming down here-- a little bit less than that, probably. You guys were moving slow because you're moving carts, not on horseback. You're getting pretty close to the 30-day mark. All right. No. So what do you wish to do? You've returned to-- There's a currency tab. I can say, if you'd like to, there are ways to transition the money. For ease, you can say gold piece value for keeping tabs on it, but you can say that a portion of it is platinum for ease of travel. Though you have a bag of holding; it's not a huge issue. Bag of holding is one of those items where eventually, when you reach a certain level, you're like, "You know what? Let's not worry about all that copper and silver and gold piece weight with you." Be glad you rolled at least a 15 on that investigation check, or you never would have found a bag of holding. I know I don't show the notes there regularly, but that is the 15 plus investigation. I should be better about being a human being. The carriages make their way, beelining, as if they know where to go, towards The Evening Nip. That is indeed it. The carriages eventually find their way, snaking through the sometimes narrow streets of Zadash, until eventually you find your way to the outskirts of The Evening Nip. The carriages stop. I imagine the carts would come to a stop as well, those who are driving them. Ophelia steps out and her drivers hold view on this. Ophelia heads towards and waits at the doorway to The Evening Nip. One of her drivers comes up behind her with the bags that she had packaged in the carriage, and as you guys step off of them, one of the carriages is then brought around the back to The Evening Nip. She has her arms crossed. "Well, are you all coming?" "Good. Follow me." She steps inside. As you all step into the dark interior of the tavern, the first thing you see amongst the various empty tables and booths in this small, divey tavern. The familiar smell of stained wood and strong liquors spilled on floors that have long warped and been stained with all sorts of drinks and chemicals. You see the gruff, dwarven bartender, Clive, look back at you. His chin chewing something on the inside of his mouth. "Ah, I was given word you "might show up. Most likely not, mind you, but word was given. Go ahead." "Right, right. No, I've seen you before." "All right, well bring them up." Ophelia looks like she is trying to recall something. She's like, "It's round that way." She follows you in. It looks like she is trying to recall, like it's been a while since she's been here. "Right, I know. I remember." You find the trap door, open it, and you begin to descend the tight spiral staircase that leads into the under-chambers of The Gentleman's lair. As you reach the base of it, you can hear the sound of a lazy harp playing inside the stone-case chamber. Across the way, you can see the individual playing the harp is Kara, who's leaned against the bar on a stool. Her legs up on the edge of a table and just a little, small compact harp, which she is plucking away at lazily. Looks like she may have been imbibing early this day. The usual suspects fill two of the tables. The same ogre guardian eyeing you all with both familiarity and general mindless suspicion. (grunts) The left table appears to be rather crowded. There is a card game afoot. The Gentleman is amongst this group, most of the general attendees of this area, the Underworks, seem to have been gathered here. There's seven players at the table at this point and the others are just watching from the outskirts and they're in the middle of a rather tense hand. There is quite a pile of coin; a variety of copper, silver, and gold all thrown in, a handful of platinum thrown in the mix. This looks like some sort of crescendo as The Gentleman is there looking at his cards in his hand. His eyes quickly glance up and notice you approach, and he gives an acknowledging nod and he goes right back to his hand. He's focused on the other players at the table. Behind him, you can see looming Sorah, his half-giant guardian, still standing there over him. Her arms crossed and she just watches as you approach, and then looks very carefully over everyone at the table to make sure everyone's hands are visible. At this point, everyone's hands are called and one by one each hand hits the table and then, at once, you see this raucous cry and scream of excitement and boos all at once and The Gentleman throws his cards down, shaking his head as he accepts defeat, and one of his handyman manages to scrape the coins off the table. He goes and reaches over to a bowl on the table behind him and pulls what looks to be a fresh strawberry that's been cleaned perfectly, none of the green remaining at the top, pops it into his mouth, chews for a second, and looks over to the rest of you. As he glances at the direction and points a finger, everyone looks over their shoulder and notices your approach and they begin to pick up their cards and it seems like the gaming session is done with your arrival. The Gentleman looks over and goes, "My, my, my. "(laughs) I would have easily read my opponents had my eyes not been so blinded by beauty." As he looks towards Ophelia, he sits up and she puts her hand out and he takes the hand and kisses it, and then in one rapid movement grabs her arm, stands up, and sweeps her around in his arm and brings her in for this really passionate kiss. There's a moment where they're both just locked in before he goes (loud grunt) and pulls away and grasps his lip, and you can see there's blood now curling down. She sits there and licks the blood and goes, "It has been awhile, my azure lover. However, "business before pleasure." He wipes his lip a bit for a second, "Well, you've upheld your promise "and sent, it seems, a successful endeavor, right? I assume since you've returned with her." She goes, "They are a very capable team, indeed. Consider our debt paid," she says to The Gentleman. "Now, I would like to see their debt paid, as well, for they have paid for their "service in blood." The Gentleman stands up at his table "Of course, my dear, of course. I am sorry "to hear that." He looks amongst you all and looks over to you and gives a curious look, and keeps glancing about. "Ah. I see what she refers to. My apologies. However, that is the way of the "entrepreneurial sellsword, is it not? And--" He seems to be making a calculation in his mind for a moment. "We are on schedule!" "I did, and thank you very much. Actually, the storehouse is already up and running again, so thank you very much for the notification. That saved us some time, as well." "That is a way of explaining it, yes." You watch as the glimmer of confidence in his eyes sets into this glare for a second, and then he (laughs) "I'll be fine. Well, your contract is fulfilled. Ms. Mardun and I will take "the week to re-establish our trade line, and I think you've earned every copper." He looks over his shoulder and two of his various goons come over with a heavy chest. (strained grunt) onto the table. It hits with a very mighty strike and the whole table shakes for a second. They open it it is filled with gold and platinum coins. Glancing in, it's mostly platinum. He pushes it forward, and it comes to about 600 platinum pieces and 250 gold pieces. Times ten. The remaining sum for the agreement you had made was 6250 gold pieces for both jobs being completed. He had paid some in advance and given you some funds, but this is the rest of the agreed upon amount. He then reaches back into a small belt pouch that is carefully hidden on the inside of his belt, counts out a few coins and throws them across the table towards you. It looks to be another 50 or so platinum. "For your loss and your troubles." "I'm nothing if not. So you have a new companion that you've dragged into my sanctum?" "Well, regardless, you have two choices here either we kill you or we take a bit of your "essence to keep tabs." "It's just a formality. We need to protect our interests as much as yours. I hope you "understand, Mr.--? Miss? Whatever you'd like." "Mr. Clay." (chuckles) "Curious. Tell me what you need." "You have my word as a gentleman." "All right. Cree!" From around the corner, finishing a meal, the dark-furred, yellow-eyed tabaxi woman begins to approach, pulling a small satchel, pulling open the flap, and taking out a small blade. "Oh! How strange." She pulls one vial out of her satchel, uncorking it. As she curls a finger upward, the blood seems to lift in a slow arc out of the wound, and drift, dancing through the air, and then into the vial, before it's filled to about halfway. The blood flow staunches, and it completes the vial to about three quarters. She corks it and puts it back into the satchel, closing it. "Thank you very much for your donation." Interesting point. No. No undead within 60 feet. You feel a little more comfortable knowing that. Cree turns to you and goes, "I hate to bother, but-- I'm happy to see you return. I see "that Lucien is not with you." Make a deception check. "All right. Should you cross paths with him again, tell him that Cree would like to see him. "It's been so brief since we've been reunited." "Very well. Anyway, it is good to see all of you. Welcome back. The Gentleman is pleased with "your success. Yes." Then turns around and shuffles her way back to where she was sitting. Yes, you may. It's probably right on the cusp of Quen'pillar, because that shift happened with the Harvest Close festival, if I recall. I'll double-check, after the episode, to be sure it's the right answer. You're right on the cusp, if not right now entering to that month. "Ah--" As you're talking to him, his eyes are locked over to Ophelia. "I can't say that "rings a bell, but I can certainly ask my contacts, if you're looking for information about this "individual. What was his name?" "I'll look into it. Don't worry." "Pleasure is mine, Fjord. Anything else you require? Otherwise, I believe you have some money "to spend." "When is it not? Please, be my guests." A round of liquor for all you'd like. They do have milk. It's not particularly chilled. It's thick, and creamy. It's your choice whether or not it's your preference based on how you lived most of your life. Then the barkeep, who's the ragged middle-aged man who's running the bar at the moment. One eye, you don't know if it's swollen shut or if he's missing an eye or he's just wanting to study you very closely with the left one. He leans forward and goes, "You're joking, right?" "It's funny, It's a funny joke, that's a really funny joke." "I can tell. It's workshopped well." "Whiskey, I got you whiskey." Puts a couple shots on the bar, fills them up. Together, both tiny goblin Nott, with her rather large, comparatively, shot glass and very large Caduceus Clay, with a comparatively really tiny shot glass, both, in unison, slam back. Bartender's already refilled yours. He pours another glass of milk and pushes it forward. Ever had a Cement Mixer? Kara. She's at the back, waiting. She's watching you as you approach. "It's apparently all right. Most of the business has made its way eastward. Things have gone back to normal." "Oh, most of the troop presence made its way out towards where the outposts were." "Not that I've been paying attention to at least." "Not right now." "Of course. Come back and ask tomorrow, it might change, but-- Hey. Glad you're well." The drinks are served around, you guys can take as much time here as you'd like to. Whatever you'd like to do. Yeah, whatever you want. You can do whatever you want to do. The city is yours. Jester, are you nearby? Can't force the playlist. Your Hpnotiq? Your Malibu? It's Ionos. There you go. You have to delete that in 30 days. He's in the bar. He's actually near the stairs. At this point, the two drivers have brought down all the handbags for Ophelia and have placed them in a pile at the base of it. Yeah. It looks like she's shacking up in the Underworks for a little bit while they re-establish this trade route. So they're in a bit of conversation, flirtatiously. He seems-- it's like a subtle Pepe le Pew scenario, where he's definitely laying it on a bit thick and she's being very dodgy and playful, but, you know. You can see it at a distance, yeah. I think it is, yeah. It's in our own internal friend contract. "Oh, that's fine. You know where to find me if you need anything as well." "All right. Well, if there's anything you require from me, let me know." "Can't say I do." "No." He's already talking to Ophelia. He isn't paying attention. He's now having various members of his troupe pick up her bags for her and move her into one of the other chambers. Make an insight check. At this distance, you can't even see his face, unfortunately, so it's hard. You're seeing body movement a little bit, but his gestures seem to be in line with classic Gentleman. You guys stumble your way out of The Evening Nip, back into the streets of Zadash, to find your fortune, to enjoy the fruits of your labor, and, the best way you can, maintain the memory of a man who lived life to its fullest. A man, a woman, a they-- to the fullest. Fireworks are going off in the center of the street. (popping) Some horses freak out, and some carts get dragged down at a fast pace down the road. A confusing display follows you. Heading towards the Pentamarket. That's where we'll pick up next week. We'll pick up on that next Thursday. You guys will have some downtime! We'll have a couple weeks of game downtime for your characters, if there's anything you want to accomplish. Think about it over the next week, and the beginning of the next episode, we'll discuss what it is you want to accomplish, and we might have a few momentary role play moments depending on what it is you want to do. That involves contacts, purchases, research, looking for information, anything you want to do specific to your character. Start thinking about that throughout the week. That's 96 platinum and four gold. If I didn't have a 900am call time in Santa Monica tomorrow, I would be totally down for it.