Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Before we get into it, first off I wanted to welcome back our fantastic Ashly Burch. It's good to have you back. For those who missed the announcement on Talks Machina, she'll be joining us for the next episode as well, and for our GenCon live show. We'll see where it goes. I don't want to take up too much of her time, but we'll see where it goes. We will at some point this evening have another guest joining us, which we'll introduce as she comes in. We have already announced her, so it doesn't matter, why am I holding it back? Sumalee Montano will be joining us, but she'll be coming in as the narrative requires. In the meantime, let's get through some announcements. First and foremost, we have our fantastic sponsor for the campaign, our friends at D&D Beyond. I'm really excited about that. You're such an asshole. Goddamn it, Sam. You're the worst. These are the truth! Yes. Thank you, Sam. And thank you, our friends at D&D Beyond, and I'm sorry. Moving on from that, as a reminder we are heading to San Diego Comic Con, like, in a day. As well as Ashly. We're going to be also at New York Comic Con in October, which we're excited about. Our Comic Con panel is this Saturday, July 21st at 630pm in room 6BCF. We'll air the panel next Tuesday in place of Talks Machina, so if you aren't there at the event, you'll still have a chance to see the panel next week, so look for that. The details are at CritRole.com. I will also be doing a cartoon voices panel that same day on Saturday at 100pm in the same room, 6BCF. Ashly, I believe you have something going on at Comic Con as well. Give the boys our love. Awesome. Moving on from that. We have Talks Machina every Tuesday. Next week, you'll be able to see the panel. The week after that, you'll be able to talk about whatever next week's episode is and this week's episode together! Every Tuesday at 700pm Pacific, here on Geek & Sundry's Twitch or Alpha, where our fantastic host, Brian W. Foster, destroys our sense of well-being and worth of living. If you want to submit or email your GIFs and fanart, give them to submit@talksmachina.com. Currently only the US and Canada, excluding Quebec, are available for those giveaways because of weird laws. Check it out. A reminder that we have our Wyrmwood giveaways during the break of Critical Role, but they are back under the Critical Role Twitch stream. When we come to the break towards the middle of the evening, we'll announce it, you move over to the Critical Role Twitch, twitch.tv/criticalrole, to be able to enter it then. Keep your eyes posted, and I will notify you as that comes about. That is all I've got as far as announcements, anyone have anything else they want to talk about? You assume I ate breakfast. You assume I've eaten at all this week. I don't know, I should probably-- SAM and That's exactly what she'd be saying right now. All right then. That brings us into tonight's episode of Critical Role. LIAM and Welcome back. (laughter) No! Oh god! Okay then. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein were making their way northward across the northern side of the Marrow Valley, toward the city of Shadycreek Run, to fulfill the second of two jobs they had accepted from The Gentleman while they were in Zadash. Along the journey, while they were leaving Hupperdook in the middle of the night, three of their members had been taken. It was discovered in the morning when they were nowhere to be found, that they had been captured by a group of slavers traveling north back to the city of Shadycreek Run itself. Upon investigating the details of this capture, you encountered an individual coming up the road with a similar aligning interest, Keg. In discussing the means of traveling to find these individuals responsible, and discovering that Keg had information on them, you decided to travel together making your way around the Crispvale Thicket. Encountering a number of indigenous, insect-like creatures known as ankhegs near the long-abandoned farmlands that were once built in the outskirts of the forest. Camping inside, you encountered a few members of a firbolg village that had long existed, hidden from the world within this thicket that had been assaulted by these same slavers, known as the Iron Shepherds. You encountered an elder protector of this tribe, along with a boy who had survived this encounter, and were sent off on your way. Traveling northward on horseback, you managed to catch up and actually make ground on the Iron Shepherds. Comparing your intel, and through a few surprises as to what they were carrying, a plan was hatched to set an ambush, to halt them in their tracks, and assault them. Upon the plan taking off, things were going in your favor, but through a series of bad lucks-- A bad lucks, the plural, it's an actual English phrase. They were bad. A series of moments of bad luck, and a too-late realization of the overwhelming power of the foe you faced, one of you fell. Mollymauk lies slain in the middle of the road at the hands of Lorenzo, the leader of the Iron Shepherds. Making an example, pushing Keg onto the ground, leaving her with the knowledge of what he perceives as her fault, to live with it; and to spread their name and the terror of what they do, and not to let anybody else get in their way. You all watched quietly, unable to really have a moment yet, to digest what has happened, as you see the carts slowly, quietly, make their way northward out of sight beyond the hills, towards your eventual destination. And that's where we begin. There's a faint bit of snowfall that's still coming down from the clouds above you there in the valley. The flurry, the storm that has been encroaching is not that far off. You look down past the somewhat-muddy tracks of the wheels of the carts that had headed away from you, your horses still stashed alongside the outer hills in which you had set this ambush. You look down to the bloodied, still body of Mollymauk, as the snow slowly begins to fall and rest upon his form. Do you resist? Yeah, the tapestry of Bahamut is still rolled up and strapped over the back of one of the horses. About two days' travel and it's maybe a two hour journey into the forest north of Shadycreek. Easy enough to find. You have to go through a few pockets on the inside of the jacket, but you eventually find where he keeps them. Okay, so you have the periapt of wound closure. The only things that you would know of Shadycreek, from your experience, would be whatever miracle workers that would exist there are owned by the tribes, and weird tales of strange hermits that live in the forest beyond the city. Not directly, no. From the beginning? Close to 17 or so days since you left Zadash. Okay, on Molly you find 173 gold pieces and 13 silver pieces amongst a cluster of other knick knacks and trinkets if you are so interested. Near one of the hills? No, he took it with him. There are branches to the tree that you had cut down, some of the logs that are there, there are some pieces of branch that could be utilized. Okay. I'd say given the size of the claw and its earthen attachment, it can make, in that minute that it has, a fairly functional hole. Okay. As you guys carefully and respectfully take the tapestry of the Platinum Dragon, Bahamut, and use it to wrap him comfortably, the spell ends and the hole is complete. Okay. I mean, they're both pretty fancy, but one of them is a brass, gold color. It's the one that you had found not too long ago. The Summer's Dance. Caleb, you've stormed off, a bit around the way to the little bit of scrub and a few trees off to the side, where the horses are set. There's a new horse standing there, one that wasn't with the rest of your trio. Medium brown in color. Yeah. It's looking right at you. No other person that you see, no. It clomps up, meeting your step with each step you take. Its outer shoulders and well-traveled, muscled body begins to shift and change before you. Its form in some ways pulls in, others extend outward. Sumalee, if you'd like to join us at the table, please. (cheering) Right. Welcome! Make sure you scoot in enough for the camera, there. If you'd like to describe what Caleb sees as the horse is no more, and there's now a person standing before him. You glance over and you see the extremely tall female form of this firbolg; humanoid with a face that comes to a deer-like shape to the front, floppy ears, looming over, looking right at Caleb, who's taking a step back and looking up towards her. It's early morning. Apparently! The fight was right at dawn. It's maybe an hour after sunrise at this point, and the sky is still mostly clouded and becoming lighter. The flurry is coming closer, there is a gentle snowfall coming down at this early hour. You gather the last of your things, retrieve the horses, and head out. Okay. Yeah, you had three left after the previous battle. Correct. You guys can double up. Until you take a rest. As you guys gather up onto your horses, Keg takes the lead and you all begin your trek northward once more. Both memory of Mollymauk behind you on one shoulder, and the image of the face of your vengeance before you. You continue on your journey for the next hour or so before you catch a glance, Keg, at the road above. You see three shapes in the road. Perception check. 13? You get a little closer and you look and it looks to be three figures that are left in the road. People left in the road. Not moving. Swoops down and does a few loops over it and within a moment of scanning, can see it is three bodies. A human man appears to be in his forties, a younger half-elven man in his twenties, and a young human woman, probably in her twenties, early thirties or so. They are all slain, but there is no sign of traumatic wounds or any damage to their body, though they are damp. Damp. There is snow on the ground. You can see there's bits that are gathered on them. Okay, make a medicine check for one thing as you glance at the bodies. Not too bad. You recognize the man as the one you saw in the cage before you, and at a quick glance you can see elements of flash frostbite on parts of their skin. You gather they are probably the ones that were in the cage in front of you. You manage to pull the bodies off the road into the grasses on the side. You do know, Keg, looking at the road, you're about at the point where you diverge from the path to follow up the road but continue on to Nogvurot, but to head to the Quannah Breach, and eventually Shadycreek Run, is due north from where you stand. Unfortunately, not without adding another week or so travel through the mountains. It's possible, but it's a treacherous journey to move through the Dunrock Mountains to get there. From where you are now, it's a little under two days travel. You do know that just beyond the Breach, there is a gate that is guarded by one of the families of the tribes. There is a toll that's taken as you pass through. That can help them hide if they want. If anybody wants to hide, it does help out. Keg leading on to the north, you diverge from the Glory Run Road, heading into the high grasses of the North Marrow Valley. You continue on for the better part of the day, taking breaks as necessary, and for you to recover your forms. You continue pushing on-- not at a breakneck pace for fear of catching up to your quarry, but enough where you know at least you are keeping pace. Eventually the light of the sky begins to grow dim as the evening calls to you, at which point the flurry has come. The snow begins to get heavier, the darkness is darker than normal at dusk and the air gets bitter cold. What do you wish to do to set camp? You can see up to a 60-foot distance I believe, and it's a dim light. Make a perception check. Pretty decent. The hills here-- you don't see any structures per se, but if you take a moment to walk around, you do see one hill that has a bank that is eroded, and there is a bit of an outcropping that may be about three or four feet outward. If you were to all crowd in, it might be able to prevent piercing wind and/or continuous snowfall, but it would be pretty cozy. You guys gather up here on the underside of this outcropping of the hill. Who's taking first watch? You, Keg? Make a perception check for your watch, please. Looking out towards the distance, as everyone else is silently sleeping in a cuddled, spoon-like position at times, you glance out and see a few shapes moving past. You see a few stars blink out as shadows move past. You quietly lean forward and begin to inspect and your eyes focus at the outset of your darkvision. You notice a small set of goats that are roving the plain, making their way. The snow is falling and they're trying to find themselves to warmer climate. You don't know that. ASHLY. Dangerous, violent were-goats. Beau, make a perception check. Everything seems pretty kosher. During your watch is when the heavy part of the storm begins to hit. No thunder. It's just very cold and you can see your breath, and you're having to involuntarily shiver as the cold kicks in. You can see now the snow piling up and you're thankful, at this moment, that you found this outcropping in Keg's vision, because the distant hills that are open are now heavily piling with this soft, powdered snow. It's starting to fall and the wind is pushing through and some of it's hitting the left side of your face. It's starting to go a little numb and you have to brush it off every now and then and try to do your best to dry up the biting cold water that is melting against your cheek. Nevertheless, your watch comes to an end without an issue. Who wants to take the final watch? Make a perception check for me, please? Well, you're lucky, because nothing of note happens during your watch. You are nervously keeping your eyes out, just in case, waiting for another reverse ambush, but nothing seems to catch your attention. As the morning comes to, because you guys managed to cuddle, I would like you all to make a constitution saving throw with advantage, please. SAM, MARISHA, and Constitution saving throw. I'll say the winter clothes and the closeness of the group-- sure. I'll say you've avoided, in your hearty goblin form-- You're used to rough weather, anyway. Keg, in full metal armor, not so much. You do add your modifier. Yeah, you're fine. You shrug it off without issue. Caleb, your warm coat keeps you warm. Exactly. You're used to these Zemnian nights. That's enough to withstand it, not a problem. While the forest definitely keeps insulation to the storm, your body is well suited for extreme weather as well. Actually-- tricksy winter clothes, but you got it. No, you got them for a reason. That's what they're there for. Because of the body heat and everything, I'll allow it. As you guys continue your trek northward for the next day, you slowly push forward and watch as the rolling hills of this northern valley begin to even out. The high grasses growing dense and dusted with snow in the wake of this snowstorm that has passed through the night. It's now this beautiful, ice topped wonderland before you. As the storm is past, breaks in the clouds begin to slowly emerge and show you glimmers of blue in the sky. With sunlight comes a welcome comparative warmth, and this dusted field of diamonds begins to slowly thaw over the midday's journey. The looming peaks of the Dunrock mountain range approach closer, engulfing your horizon almost like a toothy jaw of some ancient titan that surrounds your peripheral. You can make out, as you get closer, the craggy break in the mountains ahead, familiar to you. It's like a spiral fracture of a bone, where suddenly what was once a solid mountain range seems to have torn and sundered into two separate ravines that seem to share a similar shape. This you recognize as the Quannah Breach. You guys begin to approach, by mid to late afternoon, the front of the breach, where you can see six crownsguard in a small outpost built at the base of the Quannah Breach. These, as you know, are usually folks that essentially warn people from traveling into the Breach, and if they do, let them know that any return is going to be probably highly searched and highly inquired. They enforce it, unless you slip them some coin. Then it's not an issue on the way back. They're more there to make money. As you approach, familiar to you, a crownsguard begins to put a hand up to the approaching horses and say, "Hail!" "Where are you traveling to?" "You have business in these cursed lands?" "Well, your life is your own, as is your business, but you must understand that coming back "is no easy task. A thorough search and inquiry into your person will be required--" "Very well." How much do you give him? Customary to your experience and the times that you've traveled with the Iron Shepherds, it's usually about two gold to just pass. He takes it and quietly lets you pass. Per person. Well, eight, because she pays herself. As you travel through these winding ravines, choosing the one to the right, which you know to be the wider of the two, the low howl of the wind that's traversing these sheared twisted walls, like a haunting, whistling, and moan sound. It accompanies the brush growing more dense. The air grows colder still, as white banks of snow and ice frame various ledges and outcroppings along these strangely curved and smoothly sheared cliffsides. It feels like a giant had grabbed a mountain range and tore it in two and there's an even break on each side. It winds and curves. It's like a natural labyrinth. A few miles through this strange maze, you're met with a makeshift wall and a ten-foot wooden gate. Your eyes, at first, notice a few dozen wooden poles carved into spikes that emerge from the ground, pointed in your direction from the base, many of which are stained dark while others still bear the weathered skulls of warning. Three armored folk stand there; two human men and a half-orc woman all bearing weapons and watching you carefully as you approach. This is the gate. You've reached the edge of the Quannah Breach and turned to the final bastion outside of the Empire. It's the gate into the region of Shadycreek Run. This is. Well, they've noticed you begin to turn and approach-- You would know this is coming because you've traveled this before. I'm describing it as you-- or you're describing it as you're about to turn the corner. Depends on if you pay them on the way through. You know that the previous gate-- Generally you don't have to pay them, the one you entered? It just helps you with "no questions asked" issue. This is the gate run by the Uteloch family of the tribes and they enforce it both as a means of making money and to know who's coming and going. So it's an equal price to what you were paying previously. A single horse you can do. With Beau it's possible. Not at a full run, but at a travel journey, you could probably do it. In this shady ravine, just as it comes to an end before entering this next valley, the shadows seem to coalesce and cling to you and where previously the light itself is shaded and dim. It's almost like you're stepping through moonlight. Well, meaning like looking at those of you in the radius, it's like it's nighttime where you're standing. The shadows are heavier. The blacks are crushed. Like Robert Duvall, good. Okay, perfect. Those of you who are trying to be inconspicuous, which would be Beau and Keg, go ahead and make general stealth checks. That is what the spell does. Okay, as you guys turn the corner, you now see the gate and the spikes and the warning skulls and everything. As you approach, the half-orc steps forward and goes, "Hey, you! Where you headed today?" "Well, you pass through the breach, you pay the toll." "Good. Pay up." "Two gold each." "All right. Let them in!" She steps back in line with the two other they pull the two gates and pull open as the wood clacks against the sides of the gates. You all make your way through as the guards watch as you pass in. For a nervous moment, you see the eyes pass over the two other riders, but make no issue as you continue inward. You hear the gates (clunking) behind you. Now, looking ahead, you can see the curvature of the ravine opens up into a widening valley. You see a limitless forest of climbing pines, spruce-like trees, only the common green you expect stands instead an unexpected purple-gray in color. This wide blanket before you of this deep valley of fading purple and gray color at the tops of theses trees. Along the tree line, you can see a sprawling and matted line of snow-capped buildings, hovels, and mud-covered streets that vanish into this dense forest. The city does not keep the normal cohesive shape of most, instead being a long line built along the tree edge and some sort of river or creek that it has been constructed against. It is a weird, crooked, long town that vanishes into the branches and leaves. You're no longer within the Dwendalian Empire. Welcome to the Greying Wildlands. And to the lawless town of Shadycreek Run. Anything you wish to do before you head to the city proper? Obscured in the sense that you're inconspicuous in dress. This little-- All right. A short ride you eventually hit the outside of this township. Walking into the main street, you can see they're slick with mud and dirty snow. Ragged peasants clutter the alleyways, looking your way with hands extended for some sort of alms they're hoping to find. An emaciated dog growls at you from a nearby doorstep and then darts off down the road behind where you passed. A wagon appears stuck in the mud as you pass it, rough-looking folk tugging at it and stopping to stare you down as you slowly move past. They continue their work. You nearly step over someone with your horse who appears to be passed out, face down in a patch of dirty snow. A bit of crimson rests at their side. They're not moving. As you circle around them you watch as two rough-looking fellows in hide clad armor come and inspect him. As you glance over your shoulder, you watch as they rummage through his pockets, lift up his not moving body and dump him in one of the nearby alleys and keep on walking. You see no Crownsguard. This is the first town any of you have been in that has no watch. No law keepers. The road doesn't go far north from where you enter as most of the town is this long stretched bar, so within 15 minutes you've hit the plaza. The central plaza to the town that you know as the Clover Plaza. You see log benches dotting the open area, while a four story tower of motley colored stones stands vigil over the area. Two balconies and a top, housing crossbow and longbow wielding roughnecks. You know these to be Taskers. You're heading towards The Landlocked Lady? Easy to see. On the eastern side of this plaza, there is a very beautiful, two story complex, that comparably seems ostentatious against the buildings immediately to the right and left of it which look to be in serious disrepair and rather rundown and colorless. Just bland woods, gray and brown. Here you can see the second story above the main archway, a curved top arch, there is a false bow of a ship that is emerging outward. This beautifully carved mermaid in the front that is clutching the piercing front of the ship. There it rests with a sign dangling from it, saying The Landlocked Lady. Comparably, yes. It's like Shanghai, China; everything looks different. You're skirting around the outside of the main Tasker tower. They're scattered around, and as you guys are walking around, you see most of the people that live in the city are in absolute squalor and are here out of necessity, are here because they came seeking some sort of fortune and failed, or they've come to indulge in vices that have slowly crushed them. The other half of the populace are usually armored to some extent, whether it be patchwork hides, chain, leathers. Almost everyone here is armed, even on a scale of poverty there seems to be a general sense of needing protection amongst the chaos. Some folks look like they're trying not to be seen, many parade their thickened arms. You see one female, privateer looking individual, that comes through the streets and spits on somebody who's huddled by one of the stumps. Growls at them before continuing to walk on. It's a very unique and curious motley group of people that call this place home. If you talk to--? No one's close enough to you, you think, if you're quiet enough. What you can tell about the Taskers is they wear chain shirts with one leather shoulder pauldron that is painted blue. I say painted blue because most of their uniform is whatever they can put together to create some sort of consistency. There is no built uniform. What you're used to seeing with Crownsguard, and any other royal military where things are built with fine craftsmanship, everything here is put together and slapdash. That one uniform mark is usually the chain shirt and the one blue shoulder armor. Some people paint it completely, some put a line on it and leave it there like a, "Fuck you, I'm not going to finish it." Kind of. For the most part, they're keeping an eye out in the sense that they don't want complete anarchy. They're not going to stop someone from spitting on a peasant, but if all of a sudden a giant riot breaks out, they will break it up and beat everybody up till it stops. You do keep your mental stats in beast form. I've seen it argued back and forth, and I'm pretty sure when we had you in your elemental form last campaign, people were saying that you could still technically talk in that form. That's right. You're unable to actually speak in the animal form, but you can still communicate. It's a fairly decent sized tavern. It's one of the more populated areas. Every now and then. The Sour Nest is northeast of where you are in the city. It's beyond this city, into the actual Savalierwood. About maybe two hours' travel. Beyond the city. The northern half of the city is almost entirely within the forest itself. No, The Sour Nest is beyond the city. It's its own little stronghold that exists separate from the city itself. It's noticeable. It's half a mansion, half a small stronghold. It has gates around it, heavy walls that have spears atop them. [wheels rolling] It's two story, and there's a subterranean basement floor to it. They do have hired guard that keep watch on it while they're away, and occasionally while they're there. I can eventually provide you with a layout, because you would know. You've been there a number of times. [clomping] There is an alley off to the side that if you wait for a moment for nobody watching, you guys would be able to step out. You have the opportunity to revert, if you wish. As you guys hitch the horses to one of the hitching post off to the side, you make your way into the brothel. And that's where we're going to take a break. We're going to take a little break here. We'll be back here in a few minutes, guys. The giveaway we have today, we have a Bolivian rosewood Hero Vault, with Celtic knot. It looks pretty awesome. It's magnet-based, and has your character vault. You can put your minis in it. You can put your dice in there. It's awesome. Go on and head on over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole during the break and enter the keyword "revenge." Only enter it once. Any more than that and you're disqualified from the giveaway. Forever! No, but we'll come back from the break with a winner here for you guys, and we'll see you here in a few minutes. [break] Possibly, or a live one. You can see candles that are placed at the center there, these fine silks have been placed. It's such a stark shift from the dreary and generally muck-covered exterior of this city, to step into what seems oppressively luxurious. Though the closer you look, everything is frayed at the edges. Everything seems to have been here for a while or seems to have been weathered through travel or use. The immediate shine begins to fade as you begin to see how much of this is probably a fair amount of work to keep the upkeep of the facade of luxury. To the left of you, you can see a carved window-like bar or a desk and there behind it you can see a human man, probably in his late 30s. His hair, very short, and the male pattern baldness is just starting to set in. You can see a bit of the shine of the back of his head begin to poke through. He has a very well kept handlebar mustache that curves out very wide to each side of his face, and a pointed Van Dyke matching beard point that comes to the bottom. He has a vest over a light green billowing shirt that has a wide collar that curves out to the sides. As you enter and take in, he immediately glances over to meet your gaze and goes, "Why hello everyone, glad you "could make it. Welcome! Welcome to the Landlocked Lady. How could I be of service? Oh, you are a big one!" "Wonderful, are you looking for work?" "No worries. Well, you're here for a reason, I presume. Do tell me what do you seek? We have "rooms for rent, companionship to join as well. What do you seeking?" "Yes? Do I know you?" "My bosses?" "Are you referring to--?" "The Marduns are not around here today. They are at the Estate Sybaritic." "It's their estate, its where they live." Sybaritic. You've passed by it, you've never been there. Yes, you may. He's a shifty motherfucker, and you're not entirely certain he's telling the truth or not, but seems honest enough. "Lord Anselm does pass through on occasion, but he's not here today. The "rest of them I'm sure are busy with their own business, but if I see any of them, I could ask, "see if they're being summoned by-- what is your name?" Make a deception check. (laughter) Plus? "Rick? Very well. I'll make a note. If this is pressing business, you are more than welcome to "attempt to summon them at the estate, as I know not how often they pass through, but in the "meantime, you said you wished rooms and company?" "How many?" All the information that you have from The Gentleman is that an individual named Ophelia Mardun, who is a friend of his, he sent you up to give her aid with a problem that she's having. Nila pulls up this small pouch with a leather flap on the front, and pulling it open there is, within a moment, a pungent smell that is a mixture of earthy, almost mossy scents, mixed with spice, mixed with rotted vegetation, mixed with a bad cheese. It's a plethora of smells, and they come in waves. She buries her nose into this for a second and takes a huge (sniffing). Make a wisdom check. Add your wisdom modifier. The smell comes into you, and amongst the barrage of various smells, you catch a rosy, sweet smell that cuts through the rest. Make a wisdom check. You get a faint whiff of sawdust that quickly shifts into a very old, molded, after a rain leather. As you get close-- You don't even get that close to it. You have a fairly strong sense of smell, and while some smells in your experiences of the world have put you aback, you can't even describe this odorous musk that hits your nostrils, causing your entire face to wrinkle and recoil. At this point, Champ, who has leaned forward, watching this, goes, "Out of my "curiosity, I'm now invested. Might I have a sniff as well?" (laughter) "I didn't want a piece of the stink pouch anyway." (sniffs) "No, no. Lesson learned." His eyes start watering. "Would you like a room for the "night? What are your preferences?" "I must warn you, if it's more to a room and you require a companion, the group rates are a bit "more expensive." "Are you sure you're not looking for work?" At this point, it's almost dusk. You guys have traveled the better part of your second day to even get here. For the most part, yeah. They only come into town to occasionally drink and essentially parade dominance. Every now and then checking in to assert their reputation, and if they have to do other bits of dirty work. They are slavers by normal trade, but they do other things for the Jagentoths, if need be. You're not entirely certain. It depends on if they assume they're being chased, or they feel like the demonstration was enough, but you don't know. "Of course not. I have a business to run." "All right. For a singular room rate for the night, that will be one gold, five silver." "Any preference of companion? We have a spectrum to choose from." "Would you prefer it a surprise?" "Her. That is a preference. Very well." Goes and writes something down. "Can be done. For a "night's companionship, do you wish just for an evening's stay, or for the night over?" That will be an additional five gold pieces. "An additional five silver. Just racking up the tab, then." The rest of you? "The four of you?" "Very well, suit yourself, but I'll be here for most of the night, if you change your mind." "All right. Two per room, that's two gold for the group rate, so four gold for the two "additional rooms, please." "All right." He gives a key to each of you for each room. You guys all scatter to your separate chambers and find yourselves a, as restful as it can be given the events recently, night's sleep. Beau, drunkenly, you have enough consciousness to recall eventually a knock at your door. Standing there, you see an amber-skinned elven woman, a little older than you, with very bright, almost platinum hair that is pulled up into a high ponytail that drifts past the shoulders, seeming a very sheer negligee. "Vorsah." She pushes you in the room and closes the door. Cut to black. (singing) Here's to you, Mrs. Robinson. The morning eventually comes, some of you more hungover than others, but as you come to and gather yourselves and wash for the coming day, you hear the sounds of almost broken roosters outside. They call this horrible, terrible-- It's a harsh north this side of Wildemount for these poor birds. This is very much the Deadwood of the continent. You can already hear the town coming alive outside; the occasional shouts-- you're unable to make out the words, but the morning has definitely kicked in. You gather your things and make your way down to the bottom floor where Champ is not currently there. There's somebody else-- looks to be a younger man, probably in his late teens, early 20s. He appears to be half-elven, with this curly mop of bright-red hair on the top and a smile, and he's currently going through a ledger of some kind. You do not. As both Nila and Keg have enjoyed a decent meal, not as much as you'd expect for the money that was paid included for the evening's stay, but a meal nevertheless. Eventually Caleb and Nott make their way down to join you. All right, so what's your plan? Perfect. As Nila's out there healing the roosters and you're leaving, the young, curly red-haired half-elven proprietor at the front leans forward and says, "I'm sorry, I don't mean to intrude, but "whatever it is you're after, good luck and I hope you're on the right track." "Sorry, I'm Keelyn. I take the early shift here--" It's a man. Vibrant green eyes. "But I've "overheard you're going to see the Marduns. Just listen carefully." Listen carefully. As you listen and talk with them. "That works as well, but--" "Nothing. They're gracious employers, I enjoy my time here, but just listen carefully. I'm "trying to help, that's all. Good day! Be off, be off!" "Good luck." Takes a little glass of tea and sips it. Yeah, go for it. He's pretty sketchy. It's hard to read. He seems forthright enough, but also guarded. It's hard to tell. "Me? About six, seven months." "I mean, it has its benefits." "Be on your way and good luck." Sips the tea again. They definitely seem to recede a bit. A use for goodberries I've not yet seen in my years playing D&D! All right. As you make your way back into the streets of the city, you begin to make your way back into the Clover Plaza. Now, do you know where you're going? You've not been to these estates, specifically because your employers are diametrically opposed to the Marduns, but you know the vague idea of where it is. But you've never traveled there. You could probably ask around, if you'd like. If you were to search for somebody who would hopefully be of help. You can go back and ask. "Hi again!" "You're looking for them and you don't know where they are?" "Northwest outskirts of the town limits, within the forest. Look for the dark red wood exterior." "You'll find it, I trust." "Because this place is a shithole and decent people are hard to find." All right. You guys head out into the streets, and now, it's interesting. As you head out into the plaza, it's much busier than it was towards the evening you were here before. You see a small regiment of people. Armored, geared up. Weapons-- [crowd sound effects] BattleBards! And Syrinscape! You glance and see 20 or so of these figures, all in various types of armor and weapons. They're in lines, ramshackle. It resembles something military, but by people who aren't trained by military or at least have any interest in that type of regimented standing. You see, at glance, a few Empire soldiers, three in full armor. Not crownsguard, but from the actual military, that are inspecting up and down the line. It looks to be. You recognize most of the folks here to be Grudge Gang. You have a question? Well there's the military. The Crownsguard are essentially the general guardians of every township and they do day to day law enforcement. MARISHA and The actual military soldiers, you saw gathering on the outskirts of Zadash when the war first kicked in, and passed one of the large armies traveling eastward from up by the western side of the Silberquel Ridge. No. Your father would have been low-level military. No. It's slightly above Crownsguard. Yes, and watching as you pass by. You get the sense that it looks like the Empire is hiring mercenaries for the war. Coasting around the north side. You tell the group to make a wide berth outside of the trench. Which is on the northern end of the plaza. Following the directive of Keelyn you start weaving toward what's called North Clover. Clover Street, you've now begun to note is the large central street that is the one throughline of the entire city. It runs all around the treeline of the Savalierwood. It's strange and not straight in places, and it was designed to follow the southern border of this forest. The northern side of it, North Clover is built directly into this forest. You know-- Make a history check, actually. Caleb, you can make a history check too. Not bad. That works. You've been at this for a while. The Savalierwood has been cursed for many centuries. The once-green forest now stands a greyish purple ashen color that it now holds and the superstition and mythology around it has allowed the city of Shadycreek Run to prevent Empire encroachment. They built the city into the space, and every time the Empire has attempted to move forward they've pulled back and used it as a defensive position. Essentially, over a number of conflicts, the Empire just gave up, and let the region exist on its own. It is dangerous, the wood. The deeper in, the more dangerous it gets. It's nestled into the forest even further north of where the city stops in the forest. Continuing on you begin to enter the canopy of the south Savalierwood. The shade completely consumes the city at this point, even though it's mid-morning and the clouds are broken up so that occasional bits of warmth and sunlight would occasionally pass through the city, now it seems like it's almost dusk immediately. Occasionally you see a leaf tumble past, and then another. It's almost beautiful, the color, but it does have almost a decaying sense to its meeting between grey and purple. It's beautiful in light, and then when it hits the ground it almost looks like it's bereft of life. You don't understand the nature of this enchantment, whatever this curse may be that you've heard of. You could do a nature check if you wanted to try-- Correct, yeah. This is beyond you. In all of your experience-- and you're very connected with the land of the valley-- this far north you've not encountered something like this. The forest-- the best you can tell, the forest still lives. The nature of where it draws its life and this color is very unnatural and it spooks you. It feels alive and you pick up the leaf that you saw tumbled before you and you feel it and it still brims with health. It also off-puts you. You get chills and you don't know why. I think stink pouch is still my favorite phrase. No, smell bag is great. Make a perception check. It still counts, yeah, unfortunately. You don't see anything specifically. You do hear birds, so it isn't bereft of wildlife. At least you get the sense that there is at least a symbiotic relationship with some wildlife in the bit of the forest you've been in. Make an animal handling check. As you hold the goodberry out, which, with your arm length, is a good nine, nine and a half feet up towards the lower hanging branches, and you (bird song) give a little counterwhistle to the sound of one of the birds you hear. You hear a retort (bird whistle) and you return it (bird whistle), and then it returns (bird whistle, flutter), and then down onto the edge of your hand you see this tiny little blackbird with a white stripe that goes down the edge of each wing. It-- (chirping)-- and starts eating the goodberry, messing the edge of its beak. It's eating the goodberry. What would you like to do? Are you using a spell or are you using your firbolg ability? That allows you to speak to animals. Speech of the woods is your firbolg ability. If you look on your spell list, the cards you have prepared, do you have Speak with Animals prepared? Oh right. Because you're Shepherd. Yes you do, because you're Circle of the Shepherd. You get to mark off one of your 1st-level spells. As you ask the bird, the bird returns-- and you guys hear her whistle to the bird, and the bird whistles back quite a bit, this beautiful song that plays. The bird conveys to you, "Far, far before my time." "Be wary of spirits." "Be wary of bone-spurred beasts." How long does the spell last? It lasts for ten minutes. Okay, you focus and express mentally and through small verbal gestures towards it the idea of this color and this shape. Immediately the bird (flapping) takes off. MARISHA and You guys all start keeping up and jogging behind it. You watch as it goes (flapping) and it lands on a post, lands on a little roof, looks back at you, (whistling) (flapping) and it's waiting and showing you a path through these streets. In doing so, you're dodging past-- originally when you walked in there were broken down tent cities and hovels and not a good space. Here the road and alleys break down. It's more sparse. The buildings are further apart. It's less of like a gridded city and more of a cluster of buildings that are generally more well made, and you get the sense that this is the wealthier area. You in your experience know that the North Clover is where most of the tribes, the different ruling families, exist and claim their territory. You move past a couple of buildings, eventually the bird bringing you to a beautiful, two-story estate that's in the beginning stages of showing disrepair. The dark-red wood appears imported, and the tall stone fence that encircles the building is topped with six-inch spear tips. A few that look bent and off kilter, but still dangerous enough for somebody who wished to try and leap the six, seven-foot fence. The courtyard houses a once beautiful garden that now turns grey with the winter. You can see rose bushes that have since browned and withered but the roses still slowly left there to dry and lose color. You can see in the center of this courtyard a small fountain of some kind, but now it's filled with slushed snow, and here the bits of the snow that have been pushed off the streets, give way to this estate that's glaring now at the outskirts of the forest. You can see beyond it, it's just wood. This definitely marks, at least at this part of Shadycreek Run, the end of the city, before you begin to crest into the Savalierwood itself. There are three individuals that are wearing simple chain mail, that are walking inside the courtyard. One has a crossbow at their side, the other has a shortbow across their shoulder. One is sitting, looking out. The other looks like they're eating some sort of dried meat from a pouch, and they glance over and watch as you approach and keep an eye. They're not Taskers, no. The one that's sitting, stands up and puts his crossbow like-- ready, not pointing it at you, but-- "What is your intent here?" "I can take your message and pass it on!" Make a persuasion check. He goes, "And there's five of you?" "I'll pass on the message! You'll be summoned if necessary, but (clicks tongue)" Gives a motion over to the other guard who's finished eating, who's also pulled the shortbow off the shoulder and has knocked an arrow into it. Gives a whistle and the doors to the estate open, and you watch as three more guards emerge with crossbows, and one with a heavy crossbow at the ready. They all keep them at the ready, very close eye. One of them begins to patrol the outside of the building. You get the sense immediately that there's a general anxiety and tension at this space when strangers approach. They're being very careful. Make a perception check. You glance up, and on the second floor there is two sets of double windows. They're paned, one of them looks to be partially opened, and you can see on the inside there are curtains. One, the curtains are closed, the other is drawn to a side, and you see a figure looking out below. As soon as you look up and see it, the curtain closes. The figure looked to be human, though the skin was dark. That's as best as you can get before they vanished. You see all the other guards each place one of their weapons pointed directly at each of you, and the quiet comes over all of you, as this moment, this standoff continues for a minute, two minutes. As the first guard that you spoke to enters and closes the door behind. "Shh!" One of them tightens the grip. This large, heavy crossbow already notched backward and the tension on the wire itself is-- this guy is looking like he is ready to fire. A moment later the guard emerges from the door. "All right, stand down." They all pull their weapons away, looking disappointed. "Open the gate." The guard who was eating earlier, puts the shortbow over the shoulder, still looking wary, and they're not moving from where they're standing. They're all keeping a very close eye on all five of you. Opens the gate (clicking) (creaking). The metallic gate swings open, and you're all brought into the courtyard. As you're begin to follow the first guard you spoke with, they all slowly coalesce behind you, still keeping their weapons at the side, but ready if need be. As you're led to the interior chamber of this estate, the Estate Sybaritic. As soon as you enter the main foyer, the earthy smell of the forest gives way to the lingering scent of a recent meal. As if the cooked meats and starches that were eaten maybe an hour or two beforehand still permeate the air of this entryway. You see before you a staircase that continues upward, red carpeted, before switching back to a second floor. In that center landing you can see a very open window that looks down to possibly a backyard of some kind, but currently the view is of the darkened leaves and bits of sunlight that break through. It seems like something that was built for a beautiful view, not understanding until it was completed that it didn't really catch much of a view amongst this forest, like the original builder had brought sensibilities from outside to bring them in, and it was not compatible with this landscape. There, you see to the left and right of you art pieces that depict people. You can see individuals of different backgrounds, and you see one that appears to be of pure elven blood with brown hair, difficult to make out the gender, but beautiful and standing very robust with a chin out and a wily grin. Oils, very well done. To the left of you, you can see the other portrait appears to be a woman with a very well made dress with these large, almost puffs at the shoulders. It seems almost trying too hard to be aristocratic. It's garish, but here you are. A moment later the door closes behind you, and you're still being flanked by this bevy of guards. You hear the heavy footsteps coming down the staircase. Turning the corner, you see a figure now, framed in what little of the light is coming through that window behind them. (footfalls) Stepping down you see a woman, dark-gray skin and ankle-length, black hair that is smooth and straight that falls behind her. You see bony crests of horns that curve up into these two large points behind the head and bright yellow eyes that are pupil-less. A grin that shows two fanged canines. As she descends you can see her attire is very formal, colonial style coat with epaulets, but it seems to be tailored to not hide her figure. She already exudes an air of powerful aggression and presence. With each step that she takes down there, you can sense her immediately reading and seeing in and through each of you. Quietly she takes the last step to the landing here in the foyer. (German accent) "You bring tidings from The Gentleman, you say." "Well you have invoked the name of my comrade. You have my attention, do not squander "it. Why are you here?" "I am." "Thorough, I appreciate that. Well so, you are the help that he sent. Timely, three days "earlier would have been better, but here we are. I shall not fret on it. Thank you for coming. Be at "ease, go watch the back walls, make sure nobody tries to sneak in while we're talking." The guards all scatter, except for two who stay posted at each side of the door behind you. "How much have "you been told?" You watch as her eyes looks you from head to toe and her tongue runs across her lip a bit. "(sighs) I've had an open line of shipments to Zadash, through our mutual friend for some time, "made a beneficial arrangement for many years." Sure, make an insight check. Oh god. Anyway, bringing it back in. "However, my most trusted team of smugglers that handle that route and knew it well were slain "a little over a month ago." "Well, at first we thought it was maybe the dire beasts of the wood around us, but our "internal priest was able to divine the source of their demise. In other words, at the hands of the Jagentoths." "Now we've-- as you seem to know this well." She looks over you. "You look familiar. What is "your name?" "Keg, I know that name." At which point you hear the guards behind (cocking crossbow). The crossbows go back up into position. You glance over your shoulder to see them both pointed-- "What assurances can I have "that I not need strike you down where you stand?" Make a persuasion check with advantage. "Intriguing. Very well." They go down. "(sighing) We and these Jagentoths have feuded for "quite some time between these tribes. Many times it has come to bloodshed, but now with the Grudge "Gang and the Taskers making open justice throughout the realm messy, we must take to other "means. We cannot deliver our retribution with hands that can be traced back to us. As this "affects both the Marduns and The Gentleman, he is wise to send you, and this kindness shall be "repaid in person. The Jagentoths have slaughtered and stolen from us a major source of contraband "and income. It's only fair we do the same in kind. We here of the Estate Sybaritic require you to cut "one of the limbs of their business. Kill their best handymen. Hunt the Iron Shepherds." "Hunt the Iron Shepherds." "I have not been as far south as some of you, I can tell." She says to you in Zemnian, "Well, stick around." (in Common) "Last I heard, they are still "out on the road. They live at The Sour Nest, a small stronghold not far from here on the edge of "North Clover to the eastern side. They have a number of hired hands that guard the locale. It's "a difficult infiltration, but it's your best chance of catching them off guard. If you have "other ideas, we are open to suggestions. Am I to believe that you have been sent," and her eyes fall over Nila, "as trained killers, able to deal with this?" "All right. Let us hope that the priest was not incorrect. Either way, I would like to see "them taken down a peg. So do you accept this offer?" "Nothing to get out of it. Kill everything within it." "No. We can offer maybe a bit of change to grease a few palms or bring some aid your way, but "we cannot be traced to this at all. This needs to seem unrelated. A strange occurrence, a random act "of murder was in their home, so as not to quell this already boiling blood between us." "Well, I don't know. They're there often. But if you've made it this far north, perhaps you "are better at finding this information than we." "Best intel we have involves that they hire their mercenaries from the Grudge Gang. They "prefer to find people with keen eyes and distant shot." "Just members of the gang." "All over the city, but the ones they've hired will probably stay within the estate." "Of course. That is what I do." She refers to the two guards behind you. "I haven't seen them return yet, no." "I have." "If they have arrived recently, perhaps my whispers have not come to me yet." "They usually--" and she pulls back her sleeve and you can see the dark gray, almost black skin there beneath. "You will find a burned crescent into the wrist of a member of the gang." "Are you saying The Gentleman has not paid you for this endeavor?" "I was made to understand that that was all taken care of as part of our arrangement." "What are you asking for, if I might inquire, little girl?" She leans forward with this creepy smile that crawls across her face as she eyes you up and down. "You have a problem with someone beneath the earth. I do not know if our priest specializes in "such abilities, and if they did, it would be for family only." "You're mighty presumptuous. You might have better luck with any of the wandering crazies in "the city." "Our priest is not the only one." She cocks her head. "If you're looking for help, could look "to the Blooming Grove." "It's about six miles out of Shadycreek Run, to the northwest, a little farther from here. It's "a burial grove, but there is a temple there and some strange hermit of a priest is said to live "there. Most folks are spooked of them. The family that once looked over that grove has slowly "dwindled as the years have gone on, and they say the curse itself seems to hold it, but try that. "Otherwise, you need to do quite a favor for us, as such magic is not inexpensive." "You've already been paid for that." "Good. That's what I like, straightforward and working to the fine print. Very good." "We'll lead you out the back route. Eyes on you leaving my estate would be unwise. So." Begins speaking in Zemnian to the two other guards-- you're the only one who picks up on the language-- says, "Please lead them through the back tunnel." She turns around and begins to ascend the stairs, stopping and looking back over her shoulder, the hair swishing with each step as she makes her way up, looking back, and the yellow eyes glancing back with the bright white teeth against the darkened skin. "Do not disappoint me. I can be very frustrated when I'm disappointed." Turns back and makes her way back up the steps. Two guards, yes. They wordlessly walk and lead you around through a dining chamber back to a small storage-- it'd be kitchen adjacent, though you don't see a kitchen yet. You can smell that musty scent of stored oats and grains, rice. Make a perception check. None down here. None of the rooms you were brought through seem to have any sort of a shelf unit or anything that carries tomes or books of any kind, unfortunately. There doesn't seem to be very well-read people though there're probably some. You're led into this storage room and down a staircase through a trapdoor. It's pulled open. You're led into this wine cellar and in the back of the wine cellar, they move aside a case shelving for wine, and they're all resting on it, some missing, others moving it there. There's a small tunnel that you all have to duck down. You have to nearly crawl through to get your rather large firbolg form. Sure. You're moving pretty fast. Make a perception check. What'd you get? Unfortunately, you can't see any of the labels the way it's rested. However, you do manage to grab a bottle of wine. You guys are brought through single-file through this tunnel until eventually, met with another door. The guard (knocking) does some sort of pulsed knock. It opens and from this completely dark interior, the light hits your eyes and you have to adjust for a moment. It's really not that bright on the opposite side; it's still within the forest. Comparatively, it hits you. As you step out, there looks to be an older drunk, dirty, filthy-looking man who is completely sober and lets you out. You are now in the middle of the forest, and you can see a small bench and an overgrown well about ten or so feet ahead and to the left of you that vines have completely taken over. The vines themselves, a similar purple-grayish color as to the rest of the leaves. A lot of the foliage seems to fall into that same coloration. Not all of it, but a lot of it. It seems to cross multiple types of vegetation. As you're escorted from this room, the two guards give a nod, close it behind you. The old man goes and sits back, puts his bench up against the knotted base of a thick tree that's growing out of the ground where you had emerged from. Leans against it, grabs a jug and sits and looks at you. Make a survival check. With how far you've traveled north, it would be straight due east from here. You make your way through the Savalierwood. From where you are now, it's probably a two hour walk. It's the far east side. It's technically past the-- let's see, I have all the locations here. Pardon me as I pull out my notes. Past the Gruff Slum is what it is. This is the far eastern side of it. The Gruff Slum. It does warm your belly, and that warmth spreads through your torso and it's-- whenever Jester has come and pulled you from the edge of death with a spell, it's a fragment of that warmth from the inside of your torso. Following Keg through the wood, I would like you all to make stealth checks, please. You are no longer under the Pass without a Trace spell. Caleb's feeling a bit clumsy, but the rest of you, keeping up the slack, have managed to stop him at times and make him aware of his terrible attempts to stay out of sight and stay quiet. Two hours of travel eastward-- Correct. Two times every short rest. About an hour into it, a sound catches your ear, Keg. It catches yours as well. (growling) You hear the faint breaking of tinder and dry branch. Make a straight intelligence check. You have no idea, but it sounds unique. You hear it as well. What's your perception? Your passive perception? 14. You'd actually hear it as well. You guys all put your hands out, stop, and hold still. You see a heavy shadow moving through the dense forest, just south of where you are. Okay. Under a branch, Frumpkin takes some of the low branches of these trees, underneath the canopy and gets a look. Through Frumpkin's eyes, you see what looks to be a black bear, but black bears that you've seen in passing before have been, maybe, eight feet, ten feet end to end. This one's closer to 15 and about ten feet to shoulder. Its fur is long and matted, almost greasy in patches. At the shoulders and the elbows and ridges on its face, you see bone protrusions, like spikes. As it comes through you watch its large, heavy, almost exaggerated muscular shoulders (sounds of bear walking, growling, and sniffing) It sits down on the ground. It seems to have chosen a spot to take a nap. Noise. People. Anything that it could eat. Okay. With that addition, everyone roll another stealth check, since you are taking the bonus there. Is that with the plus ten? But you do have heavy armor, so you do have disadvantage on your stealth checks, I remember that. There you go, it's still pretty good. There's the numbers! As it's sleeping, the heavy breathing almost audible as you curve around the space where it is, trying desperately to not step on anything that would make a large snapping or shifting sound in its presence. You watch as another comes up. (groaning) Definitely not living! As you begin to walk, you begin to hear the terrible crunching sound as its giant jaws snap into bone and tear into flesh. You do manage to just skirt along the side of the bear without any notice from their side. Continuing onward. The secondary hour goes without issue, but you do begin to come upon the outskirts of your recollection of where The Sour Nest resides. You're still a good 100 or so feet away, using the trees at your disposal and you can see now the wall that matches the perimeter. It's a thin, five foot wide wall with a very flimsy rail across the top, but it is a walkway for watch guards to keep an eye out. As you glance at this distance, you can see one figure that's walking the perimeter of the top of the wall, with a heavy crossbow at the ready. They stop and look out. It's pretty dense. The reason it took two hours to get there is because you're going through the forest. Otherwise on foot, in any sort of open scenario, it would take you half the time. It looks there is manicured to be about a ten-foot distance between the wall and any of the surrounding trees, specifically to make sure that any sort of approaching individuals would be out in the open. You can see now a little bit of light is coming through. It looks like they've cleared out a bit of the canopy, not entirely, but a bit of it to also prevent any low-hanging boughs or branches to curl into the interior of the walls. It's not a massive stronghold, it looks to be approximately a little larger than the Estate Sybaritic that you were at, but it's more for function than beautiful decor. A lot of the wood seems to be old and weathered from rain and dry seasons. It's just a beige- and gray-looking establishment. Pure function. Yes. You can barely see it above the wall, but the little bit you can see has that visual and you can see it's a mixture of stone and wood. The edges of the actual structure are stone and then wood is either then placed over stone or wood is the intermediate construction material. From this perspective, you don't see where the cart would come in. Okay, so, Frumpkin makes it up. Tree, waits a moment, tree. The one guard you see doing the perimeter notices. After a minute or so, the guard just keeps looking out. Jumpy. From Frumpkin's view, down inside, you can see the exterior of this. There is a large collection of brown wood kegs and a couple of small crates that contain materials that you're unaware of. You can see there are two entrances, one at the front and one at the back of the building. There are not windows, but small holes put into the wood and from the inside-- Actually, roll a perception check for Frumpkin, thank you. With advantage, due to the form, because it is with sight. 22. Looking through these curved window ports about that big, essentially large enough to look through and fire through, but small enough to not really allow a person to push through. You can see there's about two inches of stone, so it is a stone structure that has wood as a decorated exterior to it, so it's pretty solid. Down inside, you do see about six horses that are hitched on the back side of it and two carts and a third one that is currently being repaired. There's one up top on the wall. You now see with Frumpkin, thanks to that perception roll, a secondary guard on the opposite side of the wall. It looks like there are two doing a perimeter pass, matching each other so that at any given point in time they have a visual perspective on one or the other's side of the estate. You see one more guard that is inside the courtyard and it looks like two individuals that are not in general attire of the hired hands. The guards are wearing the same hooded cloak and armament as the two that were pulling the caravan up with them. They are very much. The one that's been broken has been carried along the way and temporarily fixed for the journey, but now has two individuals of plain clothes that are in the process of repairing the cart. Two up top, one on the inside that's armed, and two that are currently repairing the cart that appear to be unarmed. You gather from the state of repairs that the arrival was probably not that long before you arrived. No, there were two guards on the wall, only one you see inside the courtyard, and then two handymen. You don't really know if they work for them full-time or if they're a temporary hire, but there are two men that are not in the general attire of the rest of the guards of the estate that are currently repairing. If you have enough. The Grudge Gang, they can be expensive and also they're not keen on suicide missions if they have no stake in it. But if they have a stake in it, and you pay well enough, and you have assurances and enough to back you up, they'll go with it. You're not sure. You've never really interacted with them much. You know of them, but because of your affiliation previously, you're pretty insulated from dealing with those folks. You grew up hating a lot of the bits of authority that existed around here and now you're finding yourself having to eat crow for a lifetime of-- The structure within, I'd say it's maybe 50 feet on one side, maybe 70 or 80 on the other. It's hard to really gauge the full distance. It's a fairly large estate that's been fitted into a small stronghold. You don't know. Frumpkin doesn't see them. You don't see that, but you know. The basement below. There are three separate chambers one that's for holding, one that's for breaking, which is torture, and the one that is for display if they have any final approvals by the Jagontoth family that has an idea of where they should be sent to. You've never hired any of them, so you're not sure, but the way to ask would be to go find them. On the opposite end, it looks to be ladders. Oh, sorry. I thought you meant how they got up onto the wall, my apologies. There is a gate in the front and there is a gate in the back. The gate in the back is-- actually, both gates are two dark wood doors that have a brace set down that holds them in place that is held and controlled from the interior. Solid. On both sides it looks like a single brace that comes down from one side. Both gates have about a ten-foot open space before it reaches forest. There are stumps and there are places where trees were cleared out, specifically to give that opening so that they'd have a good idea and good visual on anybody who'd attempt to approach. You didn't work close enough with them to know of any secret passage. I mean, it makes sense. There might be one, but nothing that you've come across. If there is one, it's a well-guarded secret. You have no idea. Not really. They're not into renovations. If it works, stick with it. They sleep on the estate. They're paid essentially as live-in employ guards. For you, it's half your druid level, rounded down, so per transformation, it's about two hours. You can do that. Comprehend Languages has to be spoken languages or written language. Green privilege. Go on. They're inside the courtyard, yes. Do you take your form, then? Nila's large firbolg physicality blinks down to this tiny little field mouse. What characteristic of it do you want to stand out? It's like a skunk mouse. Like Stripe from Gremlins. All right, there is Nila in mouse form. Frumpkin moseys up to the edge of your shoulder. Looks over towards her. Lands on the ground next to you, does a couple of hops up to you. For a brief moment you all inhale, and you see the claws have wrapped around the mouse's body. Suddenly, you're soaring through the air, a sensation you've never had before. As Frumpkin makes his way over into the trees, make a stealth check for Frumpkin, please. Yes. Yes, you do. It's the best use of Prestidigitation. Look at the red light! As you're soaring through the boughs, the leaves and the branches soar past, the wind past your face. You get that high view of down into the courtyard as suddenly you go into a steep dive. Within a moment, you're lifted back up and then dropped onto the ground next to one of the barrels. Frumpkin takes off. The guard glances over, and is going to take a shot. Natural five! It's going to put it at a nine. I'm pretty sure that doesn't hit. (arrow hissing) "Eh, shit," you hear muttered over the side. Seems bored and wanted to shoot at something that looked interesting. There you are in the courtyard now. It's not bad. Immediately glancing around, make a perception check, actually, as you are coming into the courtyard. They were in the wall of the second floor. Of the building, yes. It's hard to see any specific areas where you can get in other than the main doors. There is a slight gap between the front door to the entrance and the floor of the interior. Other than that, scooting around the exterior, it's the only entrance you see. Yep, right at the bottom. This is some Honey I Shrunk the Kids shit now. You're looking at the building right there. You can see the two guards going along the wall. You hear the sound of work being done on the carts around the side, and all you see is that front door with that slight gap at the bottom. What are you doing? Okay. You scoot, squeeze under, flattening out your mouse body and making your way through on the inside. The immediate warmth hits you from the cold exterior of the forest. The inside is, mostly being stone, comparatively, the temperature is much warmer in here. Coming inside, it's still a flat stone floor. It's not very well decorated at all. In the sense that comparatively to some other places you've seen here, it's just plain, stone walls. It's very basic. It's so basic. Looking inside, there is one curved stone staircase that leads up to the second floor. There is a hall that goes to the left and further down to one side. There is a closed door that leads into an interior chamber, and that's all you can see at the moment. The spiral staircase up, the door ahead of you, and the hall that curves around the side. They only go up, yes. The door or the hallway, one of the two. You squeeze beneath the door and immediately see a general mess room. There are a couple of tables and chairs that are pressed up against them. The smell of alcohol and stale, dried meat hits your nose and you can see immediately, sitting in two of the chairs, two members of The Iron Shepherds that are in the process of eating a midday lunch. One of them is a small male halfling. He has a weaselly-looking face. He's in the process of finishing what's comparatively to his size, a large tankard of ale, and eating some sort of heavy starch biscuit meal. Across from him, on the other side of the table, you see a human female barbarian with greasy curls of blondish hair that meet with her fur shoulder and very tattered leathers for decoration. They're both drinking and eating. Catching off the side of the ear, the halfling is seemingly mid-complaint about how, "You know, it really ticks me off that we lost some good catches on the way up here. Boss shouldn't've been so careless with that, but I mean, I'm not going to tell him that. You know, it's frustrating." The women finishes a bite and a big swig of her glass. "Yeah, well, you got to break some eggs, sometimes." Like she's making some big pontification, some big statement. He goes, "Wise words," and keeps drinking and they go into a quiet state, but there's two of them now present. You do know that at least they've returned and there are some present inside. It does not appear that there's any other entrance downward. There's a secondary door on the opposite end. Make a stealth check. Okay. You dart around the side, beneath a table, beneath a bench, and around the edge. None the wiser of your presence. They give no shits. You make your way and squeeze past the door on the opposite end. There you come to a suiting room. There are weapons that are hung up on racks. There are a couple of small wooden poles with dowels in the sides that are meant to hold armor, shields and things that are there, additional crossbows and things that the guards probably utilize at different points. This is an equipment storage room. There is another door to the left. Where you entered and squeezed underneath, there is a door to the left that you can go under as well. As you leave and pass that room, you head to a back hallway to this interior part of this level. This hallway continues down and seems to meet the hall that continued around the left side, and then continues on. To the right, there is another door that leads into another chamber. The other hallway would have continued this way, and the hallway you're just emerging now, meets with it. Then on that right side of it, there is a door that leads into whatever room is the next one over from that mess hall chamber. You head into that room? Heading down that room, it's a small closet-like room, and there is a trapdoor on the ground. Make a strength check in your mouse form. Yeah, no. I'll put that at a minus four. Your mouse isn't strong enough to budge the door that is currently-- Okay, make a perception check. As you're pushing against the door, you do hear voices muffled from below. Then you hear what sounds like a laugh, a deep billowing laugh. You can! And in a few days, you'll probably make your way through. You have. Sumalee, what are you going to do? You're heading back into the cross-hallway. Are you following down the hall or are you heading back through the mess room? Okay, you scurry around the hallway. There is nobody in there, so there is no one you are trying to hide from. You make it back to the main entryway, head to the staircase, and it takes you awhile to get up there, because the steps are about that high each. It's a little jump, and then you miss a few and have to stop and skitter back up. It takes you awhile, the better part of about 20 to 25 minutes. You eventually make your way to the second floor. Up there, you can see another hallway and as opposed to the bottom floor, which had an L-shaped hallway that went around, this one has a perimeter hall. There are those porthole windows that are carved into the stone, two on each side. As you come up to the top, the hall goes around and there's a central chamber on the inside, or chambers if they're divided. You can see immediately on the second floor, a door directly available to the one that's just north of you. You don't see any other door on this particular corridor. You scoot beneath that door and inside there, you can see a number of beds. You see four different beds that are lined up. You also find a familiar smell other mice. Specifically, the urine of other mice. You glance over and in the corner you can see one of the comforters that has been partially eaten and pulled down and tugged. There is a slight hole in the stone on the edge. You can distinctly smell that there are other mice that live in this space. You don't necessarily know if they are in the beds at all-- There's nobody in the beds. Sorry. Yeah, nobody on the beds. No, not in this room. We'll say as you move into one of the other rooms, the next two, you do notice that there are two other chambers. This upper floor is divided into three different chambers. There is the wide one that has the four beds, there's one that has two other beds, and there's one that has a singular large bed. This one room is almost like a master bedroom. You gather this is probably the room that Lorenzo sleeps in. It's a wider bed. It has, of all the other middling elements of comfort, this one comparatively is more extravagant, more comfortable. The layers of cushions-- Goddamn it, Sam. Make a perception check. You look up and there is a makeshift table on the side of the bed, and a stone platter that sits on there, and the remains of a meal. The smell in here is old and slightly decayed, like something had died. You glance up and you can see some a bit of graying flesh and a faint glisten of white. Okay. There is an edge of the bed that you can eventually scurry up and use that to climb up onto the bed itself. The bed is bowed pretty heavy. The actual bed was wide; whatever weight it's carried from Lorenzo is sunken rather deep in there. It's a bit of a pit as you crawl across it, the blankets tossed and folded over. You make your way to the edge and look over to this platter and what you see appears to be bones. Bones that are covered in strips and elements of leftover meat. There is a skull. A tiny skull. Not animal. You make your way down off the side of the bed and into the hallway and begin to turn around towards the staircase down. As you begin to descend the staircase, you hear heavy footsteps making their way towards the base of the stairs. (thumping sounds) You hear the shifting of leather. Make a stealth check... with the mouse's dexterity which-- What did you roll? Go ahead. Use that luck point. Oh yeah, no, I know! I'm so thankful because, as you come down the staircase, you see, looming up, towards the muscled form of a tired, but intent to peruse his domain, Lorenzo, making his way up the same staircase. No glaive in his hands. As you step up, you manage to wait for the right moment, hiding in the shadow of the step. As his legs cross over, you dart down to make your way, and he doesn't see a thing. You make your way back down into the main entryway to this, back out under the main entrance under the door. You are now in the courtyard. You head on over to the barrels. Frumpkin has kept watch, specifically sees the mouse return. Darts down and snatches you up in your form and swoops up. Make a stealth check for Frumpkin. The same guard is getting slightly-- 17. He glances over and sees Frumpkin dart down and goes "I got ya." However, still--I mean good for you! Still a natural two. Another bolt goes off. Frumpkin goes up into the trees, back down to you guys. They are waiting patiently, watching as the owl returns and on the ground releases the mouse form of Nila. She is still a mouse. If she wants to. Okay. I'll have an actual sketch for you next time. Until nightfall? I'd say with the two-hours travel from the morning, you'd have probably another six seven hours. If you are heading straight south to the town, it's maybe another hour. Well, actually a little less than that. All right. I will need both stealth checks from all of you. You're disadvantaged with your stealth check. As you are having this discussion, what you can only amount to be like a large pile of pots being dropped onto the ground, Keg gets her foot caught right underneath a nearby tree root and just (crashing sound effect) onto the ground. Glancing over, you immediately see that one guard that was shooting at Frumpkin go like, "Hey, hey hey hey!" Heading southward to town or, where are you doing? All right, and you guys go running as fast as you can towards town. Charging through the Savalierwood to find what hopeful aid or fortune you can. And that's where we will end tonight's session. Well done, guys. All right. We will pick up on that next Thursday, with both Sumalee and Ashly. Missed an opportunity. Anyway, thank you guys! Amazing job! Sumalee, amazing! (cheering)