Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Like that. Before we get started, we have a few announcements to get into. First and foremost, I want to say thank you for all of our community members that came out for the art show this weekend. It went amazingly, it was great to meet a bunch of the artists we had the opportunity to. Looking forward to meeting all those that we didn't have the opportunity to this time for hopefully future events. It went really well; we hope to do more community-centric things like this in the future. I'm very happy how it all turned out. The live show went really well. Thank you all for coming to that who could. That is coming out in February. Yes, so the VOD for The Search for Grog is coming out in February, we'll have details soon at critrole.com, so keep your eye peeled for that. Let's go ahead and bring it to our fantastic sponsorship for the evening. This week, we have our returning friends and family on the internet, D&D Beyond. Sam, if you don't mind. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Sam; thank you, Dani; and thank you, D&D Beyond, for your unending patience with this weekly...this. Couple more announcements the second season of Between the Sheets begins next week, this coming Monday, January 28, at 700pm Pacific. The VOD will be available on the Critical Role YouTube channel on Wednesday, January 30. The very first guest is a friend of the show, a musician, rapper, and all-around awesome nerd, Logic. And author, and all sorts of other awesome stuff. He's a very prolific young man, and I can say that because I'm older than him. Super excited, it's going to be great, and happy to kick it off with such an awesome guest. I'm excited. I want to give a very special thanks to our friends at Wyrmwood, who have continuously supported Critical Role and the community for a very long time. They actually created, for the live show and for the show here, this badass DM screen that I get to unveil! Yeah, they did a really good job with it. Special thanks especially to Jason MacDonald, who's the master craftsman at Wyrmwood, who made both this DM screen and the table that we play on to life. Jason, you did an amazing job. I had a chance of meeting him at the live show, but you're awesome. Another special thanks to Critter Chris Gladis for our "How Do You Want to Do This?" calligraphy design, which is also used on here. (laughs) Chris, thank you. You did an amazing job. Apparently. I think that's all I have for announcements, right now, guys. So-- what have you done? I like the idea that you sleep-rune sometimes. Officially played too much D&D. Not possible. Anyway, I think with that, we can go ahead and bring ourselves into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [water bubbling] [thunder] [explosion] (chanting) Role! Critical! Role! [dramatic Critical Role theme] Welcome back, everybody. Last we left off, The Mighty Nein had been returning from Nicodranas. They had made their way northward from the Menagerie Coast, left their ship in the care of their favorite tortle to earn money at sea while you're away. You made your way northward, past the Wuyun Gorge, back into the Dwendalian Empire. Passed through Trostenwald and Alfield and met up with Bryce for a bit to catch up, and then made your way toward Felderwin. Upon arriving, you discovered the city was still visibly scarred from the recent assault that it had seemed to suffer at the hands of the Kryn Dynasty from Xhorhas. Upon perusing the streets, you came to discover that the location that Nott was leading you towards was in ashes this apothecary. Upon inspecting the vicinity, you did not find a body, but you did find a basement where you found ruined furniture, a few traps, a chest, and a mysterious chair that has grabbed the nation's imagination. Y'all going to die. You thought the gazebo was bad. Anyway. So. However, you also found that apparently the person who previously had lived there was nowhere to be found, and the son of that individual was being held at a nearby home of another person who lives here in Felderwin. You went there with Nott, Nott took the form of a halfling and proceeded to speak to this child as her son. After a bit of interesting conversation and curiosity, you said goodbye and you turned to find these two powerful magic users that Caleb had identified as members of the Cerberus Assembly were walking their way towards the ashen ruins of the apothecary, deep in conversation. That is where we left off. So, Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? Yes, I can do that. We have Lady Vess DeRogna. Yes. She's an elven woman in fine flowing clothes of green and black, deep green with black designs across and around the edges of the billowing sleeves. Jewelry around the fingers, a number of rings and a series of necklaces. They each contain some sort of a circular gem that dangles from them like a little collection of colors. She has short, medium brown hair, and appears to be of not a young elven age necessarily, but not as old as her current compatriot, which is Martinet Lunidus Da'leth, who is the Archmage of Domestic Protections. He had long, white hair. Also elven. They are both elven. Yep, keeping tabs on that. That's really the extent of what you can see at this distance. You are currently a few houses down, standing outside of Old Edith's house, and in the moment of the tension of the conversation you had just had and the intensity of Nott's disposition, glancing and seeing them walking up and stopping right at the cusp and talking to each other. Yes. From where you're standing here, not terribly far, maybe a ten minute walk. You could loop around a bit, probably go southward. You're not that far from the Samir River. You can scoot a southwestern direction in an arc, probably make it 15 minutes to avoid them entirely. All right. Moving past the handful of people in the city that are noticing this strange band of adventurers that have wandered through, you make your way past the outskirts and you can see the river itself cruising right along. It would be a beautiful landscape if there wasn't this intensity of emotion and the distant haze of long-grayed smoke that still hangs over the vicinity of the partially burned farmlands. Nevertheless, Nott leads you over towards one of the shaded banks under a few trees and you come to a stop. Make a perception check. Glancing about, you do not see anybody keeping watch. What you do notice, however, is that a lot of the patrolling Righteous Brand, the small bands that have been keeping tabs, are all gathering towards the southern edge where the farm fields of the Felderwin Tillage hit the town of Felderwin. Where as they were scattered, they're all amassing in one space. Correct. That's as much as you've heard. Make a perception check. Your emotions are transfixed and even though you look around, your attention's still focused on Nott. Nothing catches your eye. So you're casting Lesser Restoration? Okay. Technically alcohol is a toxin. Yeah, so I'll allow it. You feel this warm glow emanating from Caduceus' hands and then in that moment, the fuzzy numbness that you are accustomed to sitting in, especially in places of great fear or emotion, fades. And everything's back to being crystal clear. There's not much in the way of a waterfall, unfortunately. You're in the center of the valley, so what hills there are, are just hills. The river here continues cutting through the valley, but you're probably a good, off the top of my head, 40 or so miles from any elevation to cause a major waterfall. You're next to the river and what little noise it's making. It's nice. There was that one inn that burned down, but there is one inn you know called the Goldfield Tavern and Lodge. That's one of the more traveled inns. A lot of people that come in and out of Felderwin, that's one of the more popular destinations. There's northeast and southwest. Northeast would be more in the direction of the fields and clearer view. Southwest would be further away from civilization. There's little clusters of trees here and there. Cast it twice. You have two more. As the sporadic phrases make their way through the arcane weaves of the various magical ley lines that invisibly traverse the exterior of Exandria, they make their way towards Bryce's ear somewhere in Alfield, and they respond, a moment later, "All right. I'll do my best. "Please don't send too many more?" (laughter) Through the city? Okay. It'll take you a while. Okay. Make a perception check for me, Caduceus, as you guys are passing around the southern edge, heading towards the western side of Felderwin. Okay. Keeping an eye out, the main thing you notice, it seems like a majority of the Righteous Brand have gathered and are heading northeast. They are leaving Felderwin. Correct. You don't know, you're too far away. You haven't really asked any specific questions to the local crownsguard. Best you can see here-- the flames have been long out. What brief cinders and wisps of smoke that had been slowly burning themselves out over the past couple of weeks or so are on the very tail end. It looks like Felderwin has fallen to at least a semblance of temporary neutrality. The people are going about their lives, the Tillage-- the damage that has been done, has been done, and now it's just trying to pick up and move on. You're in the wagon. You're now on the western side of the village where you can see the northward Tillage all around. Caleb, roll an intelligence check for me. On the notes, where it mentions beacons-- It seemed to be the case, yes. No. Not the people that are currently with you now, no. The people that are in the city. There isn't a uniform robe. There is no-- and you would know this, too. Even mages in a union aren't like, "Let's all wear similar uniforms." They all very much see themselves as individuals in a circle. Hmm? Oh right, yeah. No. For students and everything there would be uniforms, but as far as members of the Assembly proper, there's no consistent uniform amongst members of the Assembly. As is the nature when you get to a certain level of arcane capabilities, even working with other mages, there's a general, for the most part, an idea of "Well, I'm still better than them." Okay. You guys make your way towards Felderwin proper. Through this conversation, the majority of the Righteous Brand has moved on, heading northeast towards the front lines. Crownsguard are still present and there still is, definitely amongst those that are here-- and Nott, you can say that there are more crownsguard present here than there usually are. Probably just to keep an eye now that the military has moved on. You make your way towards the center of the city, leading them towards the Goldfield Tavern and Lodge. Heading inside, it's fairly empty. You place the cart outside for the time being. Towards the bar on the far end, you see the familiar face of Simone Deepwell. He's the halfling, the barkeep, and owner. Dark brown skin; short, gray-white hair. Very cheerful demeanor, he seems to be excited at the prospect that folks are stopping in with all the chaos that's happened as he leans over the front of the counter and goes-- Okay. Just a gnome. The rest of you keeping it as is? Most of the illusions you had in the city have faded at this time since you've been traversing the exterior. You got it. Anyway, Simone leans forward and goes, "Why hello there! What can I do for you? "You looking for rooms for the night?" "How many is that? Book a room each?" "How many?" "Three? Three rooms, all right. Well, we got plenty of space with events being as they have "been. That'll put you back about, let's say one gold, one silver for the three?" "All right, no worries." Fumbles through some keys and passes them out to you. "Feel free to distribute as need be. "If you need anything, let me know." "Yeah, you could say that. You could say that. I mean, 'ruckus' is a word." "I certainly hope not. We've kind of seen kind of the craziest thing Felderwin's ever seen "in most of its history since war with the Dominion. So I sincerely hope not. I mean, it's "one less competitive inn, but poor Jer. I just feel bad for everyone that lost their homes and "businesses in that affair. It's not good." "Yeah, they've been here a few weeks just walking around. Just in case they came back." "No. They came in without warning. Just tore through, burned things and left." "Yeah, see, the only real alchemist around here was one of the homesteads that "burned down, unfortunately." "But there's the Crossroads not too far from here; big trading post in the middle of the "Marrow Valley." Which you've been to before. "That's probably your best bet." "Oh, that was the Brenatto Apothecary." "Last I heard, Brenatto went missing. Could probably ask the crownsguard. I don't think "they've updated anything. But--" "Most of the folks here got killed in the fire, so might best ask them." "I can imagine." "No worries. We have two meals here one shortly after dusk; and bright and early in the "morning, right after sunup. You got about an hour window. If you miss it, well, there's plenty of-- "Should be plenty of food amongst the city to find, so good luck." "Nah, you've still got a few hours before sundown, so just come on by and go ahead "and get me and my wife cooking." "You mean herbs and spices? Yeah. I mean, there's Felderwin General has all manner of "various flavorings if that's what you're looking for." "Yeah. Felderwin's not known for its excitement, necessarily. But keep your eye out. "Who knows what you'll find with the right questions, I don't know. I've seen some wild folk "come in these doors in my days, I'll tell you that much. Not all as colorful as you, though. "So can't say my experiences are a good basis of comparison, if you catch my drift." "You and me both. Now all them soldiers are out of here at least. I'm going to miss the "coinage, but I ain't going to miss the riff-raff." "Yeah, no worries. I'll see you around dinner time, then." If you'd like to, make an investigation check to wander about the town to see if you can manage to muster some supplies. Actually, you would-- yeah. Take some advantage on that. Felderwin would be one of the few places in the empire where the Wildmother would be very popular if she weren't outlawed, and you get the sense that there might even be an unspoken worship to her amongst this very rural farming community. You manage to go to both Felderwin General and, with Nott's help, sneak into one of the elaborate specialty herb-growing boxes, specifically for the purpose of various medicinal herbs. We'll say, over the period of the next 30 minutes or so, you gather what would be about 25 gold worth of-- Okay. Anyone else got anything? No, but you're getting closer. You do know there is a female human physician in the town. There's a number of physicians and people, but there is one named Demi Leric, who is the altruistic member of the community. Doesn't charge, but accepts donations and is often the first to try and help out those of the more meager lifestyle in this farming community. (laughs) More or less. Sure. Easy enough to find as you're glancing around because they're fairly present and conversing. You see one set of three that are walking past. The one seems most energetic in conversation is in the process of regaling the other two with some inane tale. Scrawny, human-looking fellow, looking like he's mid-30s or so, chin scruff, but can't quite grow a full beard. Like me, apparently. I'm still getting used to it. "Hey. Yeah, can I help you?" "Can't say I'm too familiar with hair tonics, per se." "If you're looking for anything too fancy, I'd probably recommend heading on to Zadash." "Not anymore, unfortunately." "That was one of the buildings we lost to the cricks a few weeks back." "Hell if I know. Cricks ran in here and started killing people left and right and "left in the same hour they arrived. It was like a swift nightmare, tearing through here." "Let me tell you, did you ever have one of them terrible dreams where something comes out of "the darkness and tries to grab at you and cut at you? It's burning eyes of evil and dark armor of "shadow and nothing?" "Well, imagine a bunch of them popping out of the ground and cutting down your friends--" "Hell if I know! A bunch of ground-dwelling, weird, dark elf folk." "Well, I fought a number of them myself, trying to protect my buddies here, but "not everyone was so lucky." "Oh, no. Just--" "I'm just doing my job, ma'am." "The one that was here?" "That's right over-- you go head down two blocks and to the right, follow that on for about "seven, eight or so buildings on the left. It's hard to miss. It's the second one on the left "that's burned down." "Here's to hoping." "Indeed." Is there anything else you're looking to find out? You'd probably have to find somebody who was a little more in the thick of it. Anyone else want anything? Okay. It takes you a little while. Not too long with Nott's help guiding you in that direction, but finding the right building-- because the sign itself that has Demi Leric's name on it is itself smoke-covered from-- it's across the street from one of the buildings that was damaged by the fire. As you walk over towards the edge, the door is partially ajar. "Wait just a minute! Now sit down. It's going to hurt a bit longer. Come in!" You open the door, come inside. It's a very simple establishment. Immediately the smell hits you of various smells like medicinal herbs and very strong chemicals. You see four, five cots that are set up, two of which have recovering townsguard that are bandaged up and currently laying down. One of them appears to be asleep. The other one is sitting there with a fresh set of bandages put over burns. You see Demi turn around. Human woman, maybe late 20s, early 30s or so, heavyset, bright smile, bright eyes, but sleeves rolled to the elbows and all business. She turns around, and the fingers are hit with whatever material was used to apply the burn bandages to the one soldier. She wipes her hands, this viscous oil-like substance, and wipes them on a cloth. "Well, can I help you?" "All right." "Certainly. Feel free to go and ask." "Incongruency, all right." "Well, I mean, they're pretty sluggish right now, but that's for obvious reasons." "We've had a few strange complaints maybe about a month, two months ago. Just a wave of "general, a nauseous-- I assumed it was maybe some bad food that got through a bit. Wasn't too serious." "It was a bunch of people complaining about the same thing in a very short period of time. "I assumed maybe it was related." "Yeah, they were all in a cluster right in this region, which is why they all came to me." "Yeah, no worries." "I mean, the town was attacked, and people were killed and burned. That's strange." "Yeah, he was right down the street." "No. To be honest, I was busy trying to treat who I could. That was not a good day." "One night, really. Around midnight. Suddenly buildings were up in flames, people were "screaming. I looked out there, and there were cricks running through the street." "Be my guest." "Great. Well, if you think of any other questions, feel free to ask." What was the part where she then goes, "And one more thing..." For our younger audience Columbo was a television series. Okay, there is one that appears to be asleep, who looks to be a little more combat wounded. The one that's semi-conscious is mostly burns. He seems to be. He's sitting there going (pained breathing). (pained yelling) "What is wrong with you?! Who are you?!" "Great!" "Jeff." (laughter) He's got two apostrophes between the Fs. Look, man. Not everyone in a fantasy setting has awesome names. "Yeah, when I'm not laid up like this." "Yeah, no. That's why I was really appreciating your entrance there. "Very thoughtful." "I accept your recompense." At this point, Demi's like, "Wait, wait, wait! No, no, no!" "He's already had enough." "Yeah. That's where I got all this." "Was trying to get people out of the flames. Managed to get his son out, it seems." "Yeah. Cricks got him and ran." "Yeah." "Back to the fucking hole. They headed northward." "Yeah! Was four of them." "Yeah, I saw the fire they pushed me into when I tried to stop them!" "Well, me and two others, but they didn't, you know, fare as poorly as I did." "Yeah. Yeah it is. I mean, it was crazy. They came in quick. "Fires were set before we knew what was happening." "I guess? The last place they lit was the apothecary." "Thanks?" His eyes go wide. "So you're from the Cobalt Soul?" Perfect. Anybody else doing anything before you guys reconvene? Is there anything else you want to look for, or are you ready to gather? No, I'm just curious. If you've completed your investigation-- There's no escape, Taliesin. There's no escaping. You can go look if you want to. Jeff's a great name, that's why I used it. Okay. So you heading to the tunnel first? By this point, you guys gathering, yeah, dusk has happened. You can eat first or miss your meal. The meal is actually quite fresh. Being a farm town, it's nothing fancy, but everything's hearty and quite delectable. Heading your way outside of Felderwin, to the northeast side where it begins to border on the Tillage itself, there's a group of about eight crownsguard that are circled around three-- what would have been the exit burrows. From this distance, you can see it's like a sinkhole. It's caved in a bit. From this distance, you can't see any further than a few inches to indicate that that seems to be where it was, and the guards are keeping a perimeter just in case anything were to return. As you approach he's like, "Hi, can I help you?" "Yeah, that's what I hear, too." "As far as I know. I'm just stationed here, but they've been looking this thing up and down "for two, almost three weeks now." "The guard, the Righteous Brand. Some of them fancy folk from Rexxentrum." "Yeah, I mean, they're all fucking fancy from up there, but some of them elvish people." "I don't fucking know. They don't talk to me." "No." "I certainly hope not. From what I can tell, wasn't just the cricks." Then one of the other guys, one of the soldiers, goes like, "I was here. I saw it." "Yeah, no, I mean, they didn't dig them. Something dug it for them." "It was a big old mouth made of teeth just carved out of the ground and then withdrew, "and then they poured out." "Yeah, yeah! I hate this job." "Fucking ran! What do you think I'm going to do?" The other guys look at him, like (scoffing) and he's like, "What?! "You would've done the same!" "Something like that, yeah." "No, it broke through but just came out a few feet, and then it pulled back in. "We were like, 'What the fuck is that?' Then the cricks came running out." "I mean, it's possible." "I don't know, it was big. From what I saw it was maybe, I don't know, ten feet wide?" "I was over there." He points off maybe a hundred or so feet away. "Yeah." At this point the other, first guard you were talking to goes, "Hey, what's your "business here, anyway?" Make a deception check. He nods for a second and goes, "All right, so, I guess have a look around. It's already been "given the once-over many times, so take a moment if you need it." He points over the third one and he goes, "They've been digging that one for about "two weeks, but eventually gave up." "They collapsed them behind them and there's only so much you can go. If they dug all the way "from Xhorhas, do you have any idea how long those tunnels would go for?" "Don't really have that kind of manpower here in Felderwin. The soldiers all left, so "I'm not going to keep digging." "Eh, go for it. How many you got?" "And you're all investigating?" "All right, just no funny business. I'll be keeping an eye on you." I would say if you were attempting to Blink into a solid space, it would shunt you out of the space and you would take a little bit of force damage. General rules for shifting out of ethereal space into matter. You approach and see there are three tunnels, and they're scattered maybe 300 feet apart from each other, approximately. Between 200 and 300 feet. The first one you're at here sinks in about ten, 15 feet; and it looks like crumbled stone and earth with patches of fresh dirt, and the roots that were upended as it tore through folding over onto the pile. It looks like it's been left as it was. You go over and inspect the other one and the same guard and few others walk with you to keep a close eye. The one in the middle, this is the one that's been dug out. It's just pitch black below. Okay, you cast Light. The soldiers take a step back as soon as they see you make a gesture and brightness seems to appear. Yeah. The tunnel goes straight down. Well, close to straight down. It comes at a fairly steep incline. There is a rope affixed to a heavy wooden pike that's been banged into the ground. Do you head down inside? Your walk, technically, can only go something that's five feet inward. You can't just glide through stone. There you go. You head down inside, and off to the side of it there's a small pile of dirt and rock. It looks like a lot of it has been moved off of the premises for the time being. As you head down and continue to walk, it evens out. It probably descends to a depth of about 50 or 60 feet below and continues at a steady decline on for about another-- as you continue to walk, continuing to walk, you get to a full close to 200 feet in before it comes to an ending point. There's a few carts at the base carrying dirt and rock up. You can see shovels and pickaxes and all sorts of materials that have been left behind by the team that gave up trying to excavate this tunnel. Looks to be, yeah. Make a survival check. Okay. There are all sorts of footprints in here. There have been soldiers and crownsguard and all sorts of people in and out of this tunnel. You can see cart tracks and everything, but you can definitely tell that the edges of the top of the tunnel have a smoother, natural carving to them, whatever creature it is definitely burrowed. With that roll, I'd say you do make out a few footsteps that resemble more armored boots that are more unique against the profile of the general crownsguard and/or Righteous Brand soldiers. In both directions. Okay. Nothing in the vicinity catches your attention, unfortunately. Okay. Nothing catches your attention there either. Just so you're aware, Thunder Step, as most teleportation effects, you have to teleport to a location you can see. I mean, if you want to get real crazy, roll the dice! TRAVIS and I see what you're doing. That's interesting. It's a cantrip, so there's definite limitations on its ability. I'll say two things One, roll just a straight wisdom check for me. 13, okay. You close your eyes and focus, feeling your feet connecting with the earth below you, letting the Wildmother's power suffuse your torso, your abdomen, your legs, and your feet into the earth below as you begin to release that low vibration. The hum carries through your body and into rock below and the vibration carries into the ground and due to the nature of this cavern you're in, it echoes pretty loudly in this space. You all can gently feel it and the guards in the back start looking around a bit nervous, not quite sure what's happening. One of them runs off afraid. He's like, "It's going to collapse!" You've run it for awhile, you've cast the vibration into the rock. What are you going to do to try and listen for? Make a perception check. You immediately rush up to edge of where the stone is, the most solid piece of it that's on that side and listen. You feel like you can very vaguely hear what might be gap a ways in at some point. You're not sure how far away it might be and you're not sure how big the gap may be. It could be just a small pocket, it could be a continuation of the tunnel, but there does appear to be some minor element of vibration that carried through with some differentiation. At the full end of this tunnel? I'd say you're about 80 or so feet deep. As you guys gather your thoughts, and march back to the inn in the evening air over Felderwin, we're going to take a break. We're going to be right back here in a few minutes. In the interim, we have our fantastic friends at Wyrmwood's Wyrmwood giveaway! Run, run like the wind. Exactly. This is Bolivian rosewood. Nice leather interior there, really nice dice box going to one of our friends out there. For you guys wanting to enter this drawing at the break, head on over to the Critical Role Twitch chat, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, and enter the key phrase "tension." T-E-N-S-I-O-N. I don't know, it's like last week ended with a lot of tension. Enter it once; more than once you'll be disqualified, and unfortunately due to giveaway rules, only people in the US and Canada excluding Quebec can enter. We'll have a winner when we return, so see you guys here in a few minutes. Welcome back. Before we jump back in, we have a winner of our Wyrmwood giveaway. The winner tonight is palingratz. Palingratz, congratulations! We'll get that sent to you ASAP, and we'll have our next giveaway next week. As you all return back to the tavern where you're staying, the Goldfield Tavern and Lodge, you gather your thoughts and yourselves in your respective chambers. What would you like to do? Jeff. Weirdest use of Prestidigitation I've ever seen. Mysterious Merrie Melodies like (whoomp). You guys get an evening's rest in your respective rooms. The morning greets you with the smell of food being prepared as you head downstairs. As all of you and two other patrons that are couple of other farmhands-- They look like farmhands. Their names are Chair. Together, they are... Chair. SAM and You're a chair. Good, I love it. You have your meal. The day is yours. What do you wish to do? Okay. That would be probably either on the Tillage itself or some of the small grove clusters along the river that you guys were talking earlier. I assume you're casting Divination? A reminder, it is a specific question concerning a goal, event, or activity to occur within seven days. Whatever you're trying to ascertain, it needs to be involving a specific goal, an event, or activity within the next seven days. I let it go a little bit last time, only because it was a question of what were they doing right now. It's like, well, that's an activity that they were doing, I guess. Choose your words carefully, is all I'm saying. An event, or an activity. I mean, that's a broad spectrum, so be specific. You close your eyes and concentrate. It's a beautiful morning, actually. It's a chilly morning, but this far enough south in the empire, hasn't hit snow yet. The full winter hasn't come into effect, so it's still green fields and mostly blue sky with bits of clouds. As you concentrate, the chilled wind picks up a little bit. Across the wind, it begins to form words through your ears. (wind blowing) (whispering) "Ghor Dranas." Anyone here who's proficient in history, make a history check, if you don't mind. Yasha's with you guys. What did you roll? I'm seeing how much detail you get. 19, good! Yasha first pipes in and goes, "Well, I've heard the name. It's far further north than where I lived, and we avoided it because "a lot of the beast folk live that way." "Meaning the others who wander the wastes. There are men who are like bull warriors as well, "and bugbears, and other goblinoids. Some are wild and angry and hungry, and we had to protect or "raid them first. Others, they work with the Kryn. That's farther north, but I've not been there." "I have not." No, you would not. But with the history checks you guys did pull on Ghor Dranas, Ghor Dranas is important to the history of the Age of Arcanum. When the gods walked the earth, both Prime Deities and the Betrayer Gods, there were various areas that were considered their realm of influence on the mortal plane, outside of their home realms in the different inner and outer planes. A number of these citadels of the Betrayer Gods were concentrated around Xhorhas and the surrounding landscape. That's where the most intense battles took place of the Calamity, was on Wildemount. Ghor Dranas was the name of the center of their tenuous union. Essentially, in the final years of the Calamity, it was where all of the Betrayer Gods would go to plot the undoing of the rest of the free people and their creators in Exandria. What remains of Ghor Dranas is where the Kryn have established their empire, their dynasty. It's essentially the capital city of the Kryn dynasty. Yasha pipes up and says, "From all that I know, people in my clan saying that "that area up north is perpetual night." "From what I hear, yes." As a note, just to remind you, if you're thinking of distances and times. The attack transpired weeks ago, so you're not right on their tail. Consider that in what you're planning. Mind you, your options are your options. There are many possibilities here. Many. You don't quite know where Ghor Dranas is. You know it's east. Right now, the war is right here. These are the garrisons. Put that in the center, there. By the Brokenveil Bluffs, these are where the two, the Ashguard and Rockguard Garrisons are. One of the garrisons has been lost to the Kryn, and they are currently holding it at the border. Bladegarden, right there, is the foremost front of the military now. The conflict right now is being held-- from what you've heard so far. Your information is dicey at best because you've been gone for a while. The last you know, this is where the focus of the conflict is. There you go. You get a very clear image of the last memory that Nott has of Yeza. Okay. What message do you send? There's no response, and then a very faint one. "Hello? I don't know. It's very dark. "I have to be quiet, but thank you." That's it. Do you change your form, or do you show up as Yeza? You find your way to the exterior of Edith's house. A few moments pass, a door opens. "Hi, can I help you?" "Yes." "Hello." "Right, yes. Can I help you?" "Why are we heading to Alfield?" "Oh, okay. How long are we supposed to be staying?" "Okay." "Oh, that's nice." "Does Alfield-- do they have-- I've never been to Alfield, so I'm just wondering-- "never mind." She turns around. "Bryce, got it!" She turns back to you and goes, "Thank you." "You too!" All righty. You guys go and search for--? You find Jeff there as soon as you walk into the door. Demi's off to the side, reading a leather-bound journal that she's either reading or making notes in. She looks up and she goes, "Aye?" No, she pulls it back. You look over to Jeff, who's like, "Oh, no." "Yeah, what about them?" "I mean, they can't abandon--" "That's-- no! What are you asking?" "What for?" "To Alfield? That's easy." "My friends can probably do that. It's just to Alfield and back; they can say it's under business." "No, you still have to pay them. This is under the table, technically." "Hold on." (groaning) He sits up and stands up slowly. The two of you limp down to one of the tiny little seedy bars that doesn't even have a name on the front. "I'm going to put it out there you don't have a trustworthy face. "They're not going to talk to you. I need to introduce you." "Don't you touch me." "I'll take that." You guys make your way in. There's a handful of folks here. You see three very, very old farmer-types that this is their retirement, is coming here everyday and complaining and drinking themselves to an early-- earlier-- grave. You do see two crownsguard that are working their way slowly through an ale and chatting to each other. As he walks in, "Hey!" and "Oh, what's up, hey buddy! You're walking around, "that's great!" He's like, (straining) "Yeah, I've got a job for you. What's your name again?" "Beau, this is Jordan and Jay. They're going to go ahead and help you out with this. How much are you paying?" "It's to Alfield and back. It's an escort." You see the gentleman who was introduced as Jordan goes, "Well, to and from Alfield, that's a "number of days' travel including night camping costs, board, staying there in Alfield. I'd say, "for the each of us round-trip, puts you at about 35 gold pieces." "You're a hard negotiator. I respect that. It's a deal." "Okay." "Where did you meet this woman?" He's like, "Look, she's been this way, but she pays well, "apparently, and I want to help you guys out. I'm going to go lay back down," and he starts making his way back with your stick. "I missed the deal, who are we escorting?" "Edith?" "All right, I got it. No worries, we got it taken care of. We got you taken care of! "We're good! We're just going to finish our drinks and we'll start getting our stuff together." Geoff has made his way partially back to Demi's place with your staff. "Oh, jeez! Okay." (groaning) "What is wrong with you?!" "Huh?" "I don't like you." Okay. He makes his way back. You've hired some crownsguards under the table to keep an eye and escort Edith and Luke over to Alfield to meet with Bryce, where they're going to take care of them to some degree. Yes, what do you do? Make a perception check. Fjord? Your head turns to the left and you're like, "Where are those-- that cloud looks like an eagle." You, Caduceus, do a pretty fair look around. You do not recognize anyone that resembles the figures in question. There are elves around, but maybe two or three since you've come here. There aren't many elves in Felderwin. Most of the Empire elves are further northward, in the Zemni Fields. You've seen a few, and a handful of half elves, but none of the type that you are looking for. These are not the elves you're looking for. Okay. Would you like to buy more pockets? Or pouches? I mean, unless you're walking around like Rob Liefeld character-- Yeah, and you grow more and more teeth. Your feet vanish. Easy enough. You head over to the Felderwin General, helmed by Dupont Briggsman, this young dwarven salesman. Tanned skin, light brown hair, a bit of a chin beard. He says, "Are you looking for pockets, you said?" "Well, belt pouches, I've got money belts, if that's what you're looking for." "I've got something that you could probably affix that would be similar, maybe." "So just the two?" "Let's say, eight silver?" "All right, there you go." Passes it over. Make a sleight of hand check for me. He is happily picking out and handing over belt pouches as you completely disorganize his probably very carefully and intentionally placed system. Well done. You sense a faint smile over your shoulder. MATT and All right, making your way-- oh? Oh yes. You see each tunnel has somewhere in the neighborhood of five to six guards stationed to each. Some of them are just sitting down, bored with their posting. They've been told to keep watch, but not a whole lot's happening until you guys approach. You're heading towards the center tunnel, which is the one that already has the fairly deep dig, and as you approach, the guards all stand up. Some of them are holding spears and are using them to get to their feet. They look over in your direction. These are not the same guards you spoke to last night. The width of the tunnel as it is, the cart's going to be a very tight fit, let alone getting two horses to pull it for you underground. They all look at each other and one of them who looks probably to have a little more authority who has probably been assigned to be the head of the rest of the crownsguard, steps forward and goes, "Yeah, what of it?" "And by whose guidance are you assigned to do this?" "They've signed authority?" "You make a deception check, you make an intimidation check." Made in Felderwin. Yes. The guy looks at both of you and his chest-puffed moment of bravado begins to slowly deflate and goes, "Right, okay. What are you looking to do? You just inspecting?" "Yeah, yeah. I don't really--" "No." "Oh, just do your thing." He steps aside. The other guards, they're eyeing you close; they still have a job to do. They don't trust you implicitly, but at least they're stepping out of your path to let you go about what business you're attending to. You can climb down because it starts off pretty decent. Where's the cart being left? Or are you bringing it down with you? Okay. The cart has been set at the inn then. Are you pre-purchasing board for it? I mean, it can stay there as long as you're renting rooms there, but if you just want it to be kept there, it's a little bit cheaper, but you still have to pay in advance for how long you intend to leave it there for storage. Right. You come back and, talking to Simone Deepwell, he's like, "All right, so, three weeks, you're saying?" "A month. Okay. Just the cart and the horse? All right, I'll go ahead and talk to Babs about "holding the horse, we can go to--" "Oh, okay. Well, for board on that, it's going to run about three silver a night. "We'll say for 30 nights it'll be--" That's 90 silver, so nine gold pieces for the month. (fast forward noise) Back up to the point. You guys make yourselves down into the tunnel. Three guards do follow behind at a distance, just keeping an eye on what you're doing. Oh shit. Into? Okay, hold on here. A beast of any challenge rating that is equal to or less than the target. So it can be a CR seven or lower. Actually, technically, because-- as you guys rested for the evening and you've completed your journey here and you've begun this next venture-- technically for the night, you guys would hit level eight. This is a heads up. We'll deal with that shortly, but for the time being, a CR eight or smaller beast, you could be. You go to Monsters and you would choose Beast. Then for the CR range, you would put from-- I'd say, for safety, one to eight. Welcome to the world of the druid. Look up from levels one to eight. You know what? Laura, make an intelligence check. Okay. There are beasts in the wild. There are wolves, there are cats, there are bears. You've run across a number of larger versions of these, more dangerous and ominous ones, like when you were in the Savalierwood briefly, you came across a few dire wolves. Use your creative mind on what other possible dire creatures might exist. You can try it. Whether or not one exists, the creative imagination of Jester creates a Polymorph form as you watch her body expand and extend into a massive honey badger, maybe six feet from nose to tail tip, with a series of bony protrusions that run down its back like two spines. Large teeth and claws that definitely arc and curve outward to about five, six inches beyond the center of the paw, unretracted. You watch as the guards take a step back, like, "Uh..." How long does that last? It lasts for an hour? No, you are a dire honey badger. All right, I will say-- go ahead and make an athletics check for me, adding what would be the honey badger's strength, a dire honey badger-- I'll say plus three. So, roll a d20, add plus three. It's going to take you-- it's a good period of time here of you carving through and taking a break. You would've had to cast it in advance, but I'll say, in watching this happen-- Bless only lasts a minute, but for that time period, you get a little further and we'll say you start getting more and more exhausted, and then you reach a certain point where the spell expires and your form reverts to a very sweaty, exhausted Jester. You've carved quite a way. You've pushed probably an additional, in the past hour-- Oh, man. Another hundred or so feet into the tunnel. I'm going to go check right now for you. At level eight, you get a second 4th-level slot. (boosh) Back into your dire honey badger form. Go ahead and make another athletics check. Add plus three, plus a d4. Ten. Okay. Anyway. You push on for the next 40 or 50 or so minutes, getting an additional 70, 80 feet before eventually one of your paws goes through. You carve through, and you reach the other side of this collapsed tunnel. As the molten l-- No, I'm kidding. No. We've all made this mistake, Taliesin. Granite, granite! Make a perception check. 14. As you look past, there's no light source in there, and the hole is only large enough for you to kind of fit your torso through as you glance in. But in the distance you can see-- What is the distance on your darkvision, 60 feet? Pretty sure it's 60 feet. It's a pretty standard 60 feet for-- Got you. The tunnel widens and drops off, like a cliff. You hear a very, very faint sound. It sounds like running water. They're behind you, yeah. Don't want to run into that CR creature. You're not there. You guys are all back in the tunnel. It's been dug through, and all of a sudden Jester creates a small hole and then plugs it with herself. You just see the back of Jester, halfway stuck; almost like Winnie the Pooh trying to exit the domicile. Okay, globes appear. By the way, I'm trying to remember. Did you guys take the gray vial with you or did you leave it behind? Got you. Cool. Before we moved on, I just want to make sure. The globes appear. Are you on the other side of the chamber? Did you go through the hole? Correct. All right. You step through and (bloom, bloom, bloom) the orbs appear, and it illuminates the chamber. And it is a chamber. What you've stepped into appears to be a subterranean cavern. About 30 or 40 feet ahead of you it drops off, and looks to be about a ten-foot drop before it hits another straightaway. As it curves to the left, you've already smelled the minerals and the hard water smell of the interior of this chamber. You glance over to the side and let the orbs drift over a little further, and you can see a river. It's an underground river, and it seems to have carved its way through this lower portion of the chamber. It vanishes further below into-- Make a perception check. Coast looks clear. MARISHA and But you also notice, as the orbs move through, there are crystal-like, I want to say like quartz crystals, that jut from certain portions of the ceiling, and elements of various-- I always mess up on this stalactites. I've taught myself a million times since I was a kid, and it always transposes-- I know! I'm always like-- Ugh, never right. Stalactites that come down quite a bit from about a 15-foot-high ceiling from where you're standing, that almost reach the floor where you are. But over this point where it hangs-- Or where it ends and goes further below. Do you send the orbs out further? Are you all going through? As you're doing this, the one guard is, "Oh hey, uh--" Make a deception check. It's riding a line. I'll allow persuasion. Only because you're being vague enough with it that you're riding the line. He goes, "Okay, I guess just give us a holler if something goes down." "Give a loud holler. We're going to probably scoot back, this is a bit creepy." (surprised exclamation) "Well, good luck." "Okay." He turns around, the guards start leaving. You hear this very faint, echoing voice going, "They're fucking crazy!" So you guys make your way through the tunnel and join Caleb. As you all step into the interior, you can also take in that smell of long-sealed underground water, hearing the rushing of the small river. You can see where the path continues on, and with the dim glow and the darkvision, where it curves forward you can see a faint natural arch that looks to be a continuation of the tunnel. Make a nature check. Seven? Probably? Make a perception check. This is perception because you're looking at things in the distance as opposed to carefully checking what's on the floor. 17? Does not appear to be trapped. As you guys begin to step forward into the darkened, subterranean shadows of this newly discovered tunnel system, and wherever it will lead you eastward, we're going to go ahead and end tonight's episode there. Yes, you should. That's what I want out of my Dungeons & Dragons experience. You take a d8 die-- Sam, you've played this game for-- You reroll ones. There you go, that's better. Man, Six six six. Oh, oh! It's six plus your constitution modifier, but when you level up, it should add that automatically in D&D Beyond. Yeah. So you just add the number you rolled. Yeah, you guys get to choose to either add plus two to one of your ability scores, or plus one to two different scores, or choose a feat. This'll give you a week to consider, you don't have to consider it right now. Spell Sniper. Yeah, your melee attacks do additional poison damage. It does not help your healing distance, unfortunately. It's attack spells. Spells that have an attack roll, that's the key. Like, Guiding Bolt you double your range, but it doesn't affect your healing. Correct. It doesn't break the game, it's just slightly OP. We'll see what people say. Anyway, you guys have a week to decide. Put some thought to it. And, for the rest of us, thank you for tuning in for this emotional rollercoaster of a fucking episode. We'll see you soon enough. Until then, have a wonderful week, we love you, and is it Thursday yet?