(laughter) God damn it! Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (howling) Almost. But we have Ashley back. Back back for a while now. So happy you've returned. Before we jump into the game, we have some announcements to get to tonight. First and foremost, we have our sponsor tonight, D&D Beyond. Sam, if you want to take it from here. Everyone at Wyrmwood watching just cringed as we showered the table. We almost had an actual Burning Hands example on script. Thank you, D&D Beyond, for helping with our wonderful push for 826. We'll have a video at the break today to show and explain some of the stuff involved with this whole charity push for 826, so look for that at the break. A couple of things some of you may have noticed, but if you haven't--we have a fantastic partnership with Obsidian for the upcoming Pillars of Eternity I think Max is voicing-- No, I'm voicing Gilmore. We're super excited, they look amazing, and we're excited for you guys to check it out. You can go ahead and pre-order now at versusevil.com/criticalrole to pre-order the game if you want to check it out. I love the series and I'm super excited for the sequel, completely unbiased and then biased--hell yeah. That was the most surreal thing. So crazy. All right, 826LA did you make it all through everything there? Did you get to the matching the dollar amount? We do have a video at the break, but we have a fantastic critter who is going to be matching every dollar donated to the charity as well up to 40K. Great stuff! Twitch Prime if you have an Amazon Prime account, then you can combine it with your Twitch account. And thus, you can subscribe for free to a channel of your choice on Twitch once each month. So check it out. If you've ever wanted to go support your favorite streamers out there you can do it for free through Twitch Prime. We have new Twitch emotes available for being subscribers including some fun ones based on the new campaign! So we also have a Nein emote for our $10 subscription. Also if you need a refresher for campaign two, Critical Recap. The first 13 episodes of our new show are recapped now through Critical Recap on YouTube. Our fantastic Dani Carr is the host, check it out if you or anyone of your friends want to get caught up really quickly to watch live. Talks Machina from our recently paroled Brian W. Foster will be hosting this upcoming Tuesday at 700pm Pacific on Twitch and Project Alpha about tonight's episode. Check it out, we'll have some guests from the show on there to talk about what transpires tonight. Of course, the podcast of last week's episode is also for download where all fine podcasts (laughs) are available. (laughter) We've made a huge mistake. Available where all fine podcasts are downloadable to get caught up in the campaign audio-wise. Issue six! Our final issue of the six-run Vox Machina Origins series is going to be available for download April 16th on Dark Horse's digital download platform for comics, ComiXology, and many other places. Check it out, and I hope you enjoy the finale of this six issue run. I think that's enough! We've talked about enough there. With that being said, folks, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role! Goddamn it! [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] I'll remember this (laughs). Noticing there was seemingly an attack upon the Tri-Spire by two Xhorhasian assassin-type individuals, you met with one in the sewer trying to escape from being seen by the local guard during this confrontation and did battle with a Crick warrior of some kind. You subdued it, removed most of its equipment, and conflicted over this strange artifact, this beacon that it was carrying, sent it on its way; however, it was quickly caught by the guard and killed. You met, on the surface, the guard that were bringing the corpse and the object along, managed to spirit away the strange dodecahedron from the grasp of the town guard and absconded with it. You met with Dolan and Horris who're currently trying to figure out what to do in case they were somehow implicated with the events of the evening. You took Horris under your wing, promising Dolan that you would somehow smuggle him out of the city as it's currently on lockdown during this investigation. You all then managed to try and find some sort of lead on what the next step would be, went toward the Evening Nip apparently to seek possibly this individual known as The Gentlemen of which you have heard of previously as Kara, one of the members of the Knights of Requital, who had vanished seemingly had some sort of connection there. So you entered the Evening Nip, the rather dark and strange interior of the small dive bar, gave the previously discovered words, the code words that allowed you entry and were led down a long spiral staircase beneath the establishment into a subterranean bar. Upon which, after immediately stepping into the space, a black-furred female tabaxi approached Mollymauk over here and with a look of recognition said, "Lucien," and then embraced you. And that's where we left off. So as you guys all watch this dark-furred tabaxi giving this big, strong hug around Mollymauk's shoulders. Pulls away and looks at you and goes, "It has been too long, two ye--" "Two years! (laughs) Look at you! You grew out your hair!" "And you are covered in tattoos!" "Of course, you-- these are your friends now?" "Very well." As the tabaxi turns around, you can see there is posted right off to the right and around the corner a hulking figure that has leaned around the edge that leads into this L-shaped tavern. A hefty, muscular ogre that is wearing patchwork hide armor and holding a giant maul resting on the ground, looks back around the corner with these beady, dark eyes and large, looming jaw with angry broken teeth protruding from underneath going (snorts). Looks at the rest of you. Other folks around are looking a bit confused at your entry. Right immediately to your left is a table with a rough-and-tumble looking cutthroat sitting there eating a sandwich with a half-drunken drink, who's chewing slowly with this glare of mistrust in your direction. There are two balconies up above you in the chamber. You now get a better look up at the top, there are a number of individuals posted and some of them appear to be drinking, but there is at least one of them immediately in your view who has two skulking looking individuals with long dark cloaks and dark armor, carrying what looks almost like a heavy crossbow, but it's a long, metal rod. You've only seen them in use here and there, but these are some sort of a rifle-like firearm that are usually reserved for the armies and Bladegarden and to the far east of Xhorhas. A recently emerging technology that has been largely guarded within use of the empire itself. 13 or so people in this tavern, including the bartender, the individual who rushed to you as you entered, and various patrons around that you can get a quick bead on. Okay. Okay, which as soon as you say that, you back away and look right behind Fjord as you all are standing there. There's Yasha. No, right behind you as if she had just come down the stairs with you. Well, there's people all throughout the tavern, but there's some music playing. There's two musicians that are in the process of plucking away at two instruments. Everyone seems further in the chamber, rather absorbed in their current rigmarole, but you guys have just stepped down the stairs. You haven't left the stairs. You are literally standing right at the entrance of this tavern and you've all been taken aback by that encounter, the realization that Yasha had followed you down the stairs, and whatever is about to transpire. No. At this point, a hand claps and the tabaxi is now at one of the tables and has shooed off one of the drinks and goes, "This way, I found a table for everyone." "Oh, too long. I apologize for using your old name. Nonagon, it is a pleasure to see you again." Nonagon was what you heard. No, the tabaxi said that. Basically what was said was, "I'm sorry for saying your old name, Nonagon." Was correcting Lucien to Mollymauk. You don't know. "Nonagon, what happened? We watched you die." "Apparently." (laughs) "Well, that spell-spitter lady from the capital. She said you were gone, she "took the book and left, and her contract said she was in the right and that we knew better than "to go toe to toe with her and her ilk." "Unfortunately, Jurrel met with the axe of the law shortly after you left us." "Zoran, Ottis, and Tyffial have all scattered amongst the empire..." "But, do you want me to find the others?" "I know where Tyffial is!" "She's up in Nogvurot. We can travel there, I can send a message and have her come down to us." "Very well, Nonagon." "My apologies. My name is Cree." "I am a member of the, well, the family around-- how much do they know?" Make a deception check, both of you. Yeah. Technically? All right, sure, I'll give you that. I'll give you that. "Well, we were all part of the same order at one point, and we splintered off. Luci-- Nonagon "had a different path in mind for us, so we went north to Shady Creek Run and we started the Tomb "Takers. It's just so good to see you." "I should inform the others." "Of course." The tabaxi curls in a little bit, leans over the table towards you with this big grin and says, "Does this mean that it worked?" There's a look of recognition. "Well, he led us away from the original order. They were a bit... clouded. We had a new path." There's a few looks now of-- the euphoria is washing away from the face. "He brought us onto a new path, yes." "Oh, these are all members of The Gentleman's troupe, as am I." At which point the tabaxi, Cree, turns back and looks, and you can see in the far back right corner of the chamber there is a long, dark mahogany well-carved table. There you see standing, arms crossed, a very muscular-looking goliath female with a very short leather strap top, shaved sides of the head in a tuft of a mohawk that curls down into a long ponytail that goes down the back, who's glaring in your direction. Sitting beside this burly-looking goliath you see a high-backed chair with a red velvet matte. Sitting feet crossed up on the table in a nice, long deep-blue coat, leather-gloved hands, light teal skin, jet-black hair that's long, just past the shoulders, a widow's peak in the center, a bit of a dark goatee, male figure standing there, hands entwined and crossed, looking at you from across the way with a curious grin. "The Gentleman." "We had to find work, we didn't know if you were ever coming back. We thought-- so we had to "move on. We knew you'd eventually return, I just did not know how long and we had to make ends meet." "Work is fine--" You hear a (clapping) from The Gentleman. "So! We have company. Strangers in "our midst." He rights himself in the chair. "Please, come before me. Present yourselves! I "want to know who has graced us with their majestic presence. Come, come." The finger goes up and you watch as everyone holding the rifles cock them and point down at you. "Come!" Cree goes-- So you all go and sit? There's a long bench there on the opposite side of this table where you can either stand or sit, since there's quite a few of you. Jester is like, "I don't know what's going on." Sorry, Laura. I don't know what the fuck Jester would do. Jester is the most random character. As you guys approach you hear this (wheezing laughter). There's the second balcony that was facing in the direction where you entered. As you look up you can see there's another rifleman standing, and hanging by one arm off the side, you see this crazed-looking young gnome with this big mound of curly hair and this big chinstrap beard who's just dangling going (wheezing laughter), looking over you all from a distance really creepily. The ogre's there still, hand on the maul. "So. Introductions, please! I think I have an idea who you are, but I want to hear it from "your mouths. Please, tell me." "I knew it, I knew it! (laughs) Oh, this is a gracious day. Very well. Welcome to the real "Evening Nip. Pleasure to have you, each and every one of you. I've seen you around upstairs, "wandering and skulking a bit. I didn't know you were part of this mighty troupe." "Much better down here. Speaking of which, a round please!" The bartender, looking a bit frightened on the side, starts filling tankards. "All right, so. What brings such esteemed "adventurers to my pocket of the underworld?" "Oh! I'm sorry." They pull the rifles off you. "Habit. Safety, you understand." "So. You have my audience." "Interesting. I have one question, before we get too deep in this conversation. How did you "find your way in here?" "Go on." "Demedan gave you this information?" "Equally dangerous, good to know. Remember that." The goliath cracks knuckles. "All right, "so. Interesting. Now you know the way in. That's dangerous, as we've just made acquaintances and "you now know the direct path into my domain. So to make this a comfortable conversation and possibly "an arrangement going forward that we can all agree upon, I have one small request." "Cree! Please." The tabaxi who was in the back goes, "Yes, of course." Steps over to the side of the bar and picks up a small leather satchel, puts it over her shoulder, walks up behind the table, opens it, and pulls out an alchemist rack of a bunch of corked vials, like small vials, opens it, and says, "I need, just-- and bear with me, please-- just a small bit of "your blood. The reasoning being, if I can't trust you, and you can't trust me, how am I to know you "aren't going to turn me in immediately outside to the King's Hall? And I need some means in case you "just abscond with this information perhaps make an arrangement with me and then leave town. I need "to find you." Oh, that is Cree's speciality. As you pull your hand out, Cree does a flick of the finger, and you watch as the blood trails off on its own like a small serpent of mercury and just (flowing). For a second, even though it was a small wound, it's bleeding quite a bit and you're like, "Uh." It makes you a little uncomfortable and then all of a sudden the blood flow stops. The vial is filled about an inch full, then she caps it. "Thank you so much." "It's a gift that I learned the same place where the Nonagon's gifts were found." "Lucien." "Next." Same thing. Fills the next vial, a strange, almost an arc of crimson finds its way and fills a secondary tube. There's like twelve tubes there, but she'll fill as many as needed for this one. Goes ahead and acquires the blood from you. Jester goes, "Me too, me too!" Feeling left out in the moment, gives her blood as well. "No harm will come to you, unless you bring harm to me. So this is just a precautionary "measure. I appreciate your trust." With that, your blood is taken into a vial. Your blood is also taken into a vial. Easy enough to do! (spurting) The blood is drawn into the vial, the final vial is capped, Cree closes the satchel, places it on the shoulder, and then bows and steps back, paying direct attention to The Gentleman and then out of the corner of her eye, towards you. "Fantastic, I really appreciate that." You're getting a closer look now, of The Gentleman. The teal skin tone-- it's interesting. It looks almost like he's perpetually sweating. There's moisture on the outskirts of his skin at all times. There's the faint hint of, whether it be condensation from the air around or produced internally, there's a general sense of dampness to the skin of this figure. "So an arrangement, you say. First off, "just because it's fun for me, are you believers in luck?" "That destiny is looking out for you? I've seen enough in my time and have lived in spite of "it all because something wants me here. Would you consider yourselves lucky?" TRAVIS, SAM and "Good. Then let's gamble." Then let's gamble. "I want to know how lucky my investments are. Gambit of Ord? Who wishes to face me in this? "Who feels the luckiest of your band?" "All right. Great. One pass. 50 gold buy-in. If I win, you're mine. If you win, then we can do business." "All right." He goes and pulls, beneath the table, a satchel of gold. Pulls out a handful of gold and plops it on the table. You watch on the side as the creepy gnomish figure that was hanging from the balcony earlier leaps down, (creepy chuckling) comes up and he pulls out a set of cards and is shuffling them in his hand as he steps around the side. He's now flanking the right side of The Gentleman, so you have the large goliath on one side, the small, creepy gnome on the other, shuffling the cards. Hands the deck to The Gentleman, does one final cut, sets it down. "So what's your name?" "Fjord. Let us deal." Did you put 50 gold on the table? Make an insight check. Seemed to be above board. Okay. The first cards are dealt out for the first round. This is Gambit of Ord. This is different from The Crick-Queen's Call. This is a Marquesian card game. Roll a d8, but keep it hidden to yourself. All right. "So now, I'm going to go ahead and raise another 50 gold." (clinking) Onto the table. "Well, we deal with quite a large amount of business." So you put another 50 gold? All right. Go ahead and roll a d6, and keep that secret alongside that die. "Do you wish to raise?" "I raised first last time. I'm offering you the chance to raise if you'd like." "Interesting. I'll raise another 50 gold." Go ahead and roll a d4. He's holding his cards in his hand, looks across at you, looks all throughout the room. "Well, Fjord, looks like it's time to call." Puts another 100 gold on the table. (laughs) "Very well." Make an insight check for Jester, and you make an insight check as well, since you were both keeping a close eye on that. 22? Actually, there has been no weirdness with the cards. This is a straight test of luck. Yeah, you don't see anything, nothing that catches you off. So, we're now at a pot of 150 times two, 50 times two, so 600 gold, I believe, right? 50, 50, 50, and the 150. We started with 50, and then we raised 50, and then raised 50, so that was 150. So it's 600 on the table. 300 from each of them. "All right." He presents the dice that he had rolled, or the cards that he had found, which is a five, a four, and a one. A grand total of ten. As soon as you reveal the cards there's a (gasp). A gasp in the room and The Gentleman, his muscles tense for a second and he goes, (laughs) "Well-played and well earned! Take the coin, it's yours." "Good to know that we have luck on your side as well. That's very important to me with people I "do business with. So (clears throat) you have some balls throwing down that change and going into a "game with me, I like that. So what can our many gifts and my associates present to you? What are "your strengths? What are your skills? I've heard you've done some deeds. I've heard you killed some "terrible creature in the sewers, is that correct?" "Right, which helped tremendously because we use the sewers quite often. That had become an "issue with some of our transference in the subterranean sewers of the city. And "unfortunately, the underworks themselves have been a bit clogged as of late. So thank you for that. "And one of our compatriots--" and he points up to one of the balconies on the side, and you can see, behind the individual that had the rifle, you see Kara, the half-elf. Who's stepping forward, ever so slightly. And says, "One of our compatriots has kept us up "to speed about your infiltrations. I have to say, I'm impressed." "Not too bad." "Well, we are a company that specializes in the completion of the tasks and trading of things. "Perhaps not the most legal. Things that are restricted by the empire. That means our skills "are best through speed, subterfuge, darkness. We don't have the best, aside for muscle besides "from, well (laughs) I do keep Sorah by my side, just in case." That is the goliath he refers to. Sorah. "Very good." "Well, you've caused enough chaos in the Tri-Spire. You brought down one of the more "corrupt, though strangely uncorruptible from our end, politicians we've seen. And from what I hear, "Lord Sutan is already in chains." (chuckles) "That's fine. We'll see how long Sutan stays in there, he has his ways. Depending on how strong "a case you've left behind, and a little finagling on our end, if our partnership grows mutually "beneficial, perhaps we could push that over the edge for him, and keep him away for quite some "time. Now apparently I've also heard they're still seeking the murderers of the High-Richter. "Particularly a purple-skinned tiefling who was spotted not far from the home that night, with "rather ostentatious clothing. As well as a wandering dark-skinned youth, a woman with "physical capability. So that doesn't bode well for you, does it?" "Well, as seeing as how we're friends now, I can say that I could probably make this "investigation go away." (laughs) "No, this is an investigation that you caused." "No." "My associate was making sure that the events would transpire in our favor. But "nevertheless, we were not the orchestrators of The Knights of Requital." "Oh, well, many gifts come once we've established a partnership. We become friends now, "and I like friendship. That's great; that's fine. But I deal in trade mostly. So I would like a "favor in kind." He leans forwards a bit, and you can see some of the condensation slowly dripping down the side of the face. Making a few spots on the table. As you hold a napkin out, the eyes catch you for a second. The head turns, confused for a second. "About a mile out of the underworks, beneath the city. Down the underground river pass that our "shipments to the Ounterloch and Berleben pass through, one of my men noticed a strange wall "uncovered by time. We sent a team of our best infiltrators to see what this was about. Within, a "purple light, and the promise of ancient spoils seemed to peek from within. Some sort of abandoned "research facility from ages past. Well my curiosity got the better of me. So we sent the "team inward to seek it out. But amongst these few gold-laden objects that enticed my men-- they are "a superstitious lot-- and upon being beset by series of phantom globes they fled and collapsed "the entrance behind them." You see him glare past you and hear the shifting of a few pieces of armor as three individuals avert their gaze. (sighs) "So those fucks have failed. I would like you to "return to that site for me. Find a way in. Inquire within. Seek and seeing as how you are so good at "eliminating monstrous beasts, clearing the space of any dangers, hostile creatures. Return with any "of your findings. Do this for me and I will see that the scent is thrown off you permanently. I'll "even let you keep some of the spoils." "Of course. By all means. Do we have a deal?" "Let's say I've lived and worked a solid 15 years orchestrating the seedy underbelly of this "entire city. I've never been caught, I've never been arrested, and I thrive on a pile of gold and "riches you can only begin to imagine." "Good." Make an insight check. I mean, he's a shifty individual being by nature. But it's hard to get a sense of whether or not he would be trying to lie. (laughs) "Little one, (laughs) you intrigue me. Young green-skin, so overtly walking amongst "the nobles above, and yet you've kept your throat. That says a lot about you. Yes, please tell me, "what would this trial be, you would ask of The Gentleman?" "Cree." Fumbles in the pouch and brings out three of the empty glass vials, and hands them over to you. "Hmm. Certainly, I feel confident." Reasonably. I'd say the alcohol is a bit more brackish. The acid itself is a little more translucent, but you could possibly add a little bit of alcohol to it. You're an alchemist, you've dealt with varying chemicals. So I'd say, given a moment, you could go ahead and match it fairly close, sure. Make a sleight of hand check versus his perception. 15 total? All right, you present the vials. (chuckles) "This one is alcohol. This one is alcohol. This one is acid." And takes the acid from your grasp and uncorks it and drinks it. So roll the damage for your acid. It should be on your break down of your-- I have it here actually. So yeah, roll 2d6. 11. All right, so he (slight cough) (grunts) downs it, but it doesn't seem to have as much of an effect on him. It looks like it hurt, and he takes it. The muscles tense a bit, the face twitches as it goes down and it burns. But then he takes the vial and corks it again, rolls it across the table. (coughs) "Does that satisfy your inquiry?" (chuckles) "Good, good. I like it." "We deal well in secrecy, my friend." "Lucien, was it?" (chuckles) "Very well." "Correct." "The sooner the better, because we can begin opening that line. We've now two weeks and three "shipments lost." "Right, this would be Dolan's partner, yes?" "Hmm." "We specialize in discretion and specialize in smuggling. And specialize in people." "So you do this deed, we'll consider it part of your gift." "Good, very good, quiet one. Now we have access to the tunnels. Of course we'll have to "blindfold you to bring you through the underworks to the tunnel that leads to this underground "river, when you decide to leave. Just because there's a lot of secrets down here, and we're "still building our trust. But come back in whenever you're ready. We'll be happy to escort "you and send you on your way." "Oh, as long as we have our arrangements." "If you've proven yourself trustworthy enough, in the long term, perhaps. But understand "that this is just a precaution. Who's to know? Perhaps things go sour in a few months. I want to "make sure you don't double cross me and send the guard down." Make an insight check. It's more that he's lived this long by being careful. And when a bunch of strangers find this secret pass into his lair, he wants to be damn well sure that he knows where to find you if need be. "I don't know who any of you are outside this bar." "Don't worry. Anyway," and he throws his feet back up on the table . "Drinks are on me, "until you make your leave." At the moment, it does not appear there's a weapon immediately on the goliath, but as you look behind, in the corner right behind the chair where The Gentleman sits, there looks to be one hefty-ass maul. A giant chunk of solid metal with a long handle on it that is resting against the stone. They like to break things. Yeah, there's three guys. There's the bar in the chamber. Next to that, to the right of the actual bar, there's a doorway that opens up into a storeroom. It's underneath the top balcony. Underneath the balcony, right next to where the ogre is posting watch in the center of the tavern, the three of them are sitting off to the side, looking uncomfortable. They were sitting earlier, and since all of this happened they stood to attention and haven't found a comfortable moment to sit down. Yeah. You look over and you see two of them appear to be human. Relatively young, probably mid to late 20s. Scruffy-looking. One of them has a darker, fro-y hair that's unkempt and covering part of his face. The other one has very short cut hair, dark complexion, brown red. They're both wearing darker leathers and cloaks that are thrown over one shoulder. They're holding tankards in their hand and they're both talking amongst each other while keeping an eye on you. The third one appears to be a halfling female who is sitting in a corner, quietly sipping out of the tankard and looking nervously around. Just the two of you approaching? Oh. Make a perception check. A fur-covered tabaxi, it's hard to make any details out beyond the fur, unfortunately. The two of you approach the corner. Kara is watching you as you step past, and steps back on the balcony, out of sight. She goes-- As you approach the two gentlemen and the female halfling, they just watch you. They don't engage you verbally at all, they just keep an eye. He takes it. The guy with the larger curly hair takes it and pours it into his own and sets it back down. "Thank you." "Well--" and the other guy elbows him and he's like, (whispering) "Shut up!" "Look, we signed up for this to make quick money. We're good at moving quickly. We're good at "seeing what's worthwhile. We're good at picking things out. We're not good at dealing with spooky "fucking undead ghost things, okay? We went in, we went through this path. We found a crack in the "wall. We kicked it down. We went inside. There was a staircase. Went up and down. Went downstairs, it "seemed empty. It was confusing. We didn't see anything of interest. Went upstairs the "staircase-- the little spiral staircase-- and there was a much larger chamber. We started "looking around for anything worthwhile. It looked like it got picked clean long ago. Dust "everywhere. The more we began to look, there was this cold temperature in the room, and eventually "these little lights began to come out of the wall. At first, we were curious by them. One of them got "really close to Therad over there. He suddenly shocked in a serious jolt." And you see him on the back, looking a bit spooked, recalling the story. He goes, "We knew then, these-- whatever the fuck these "things were-- they weren't friends of ours. So we got our shit and we ran. We had a small explosive, so "we threw it behind us to collapse the wall, hoping that at least it would slow them down. We "realized, in hindsight, that it was pretty stupid because, if they were spectral enough to come out "of the walls, they still could have followed us. We got up the river from there. We got our boats "and made our way back." They both look at each other and look at the halfling. The halfling's like, "I wasn't going to "stay behind!" "We didn't go into the bottom chamber. That looked ominous enough. We stuck to the top one." "It's just a big octagonal dome chamber. Had this faint purple-ish glow on the inside-- " "Look, you can come by and sass me all you fucking want. I've been here for two years. You "newcomers walk in here and think you're all tough shit! You think it's so great? Go! Go in there! "Come back!" "You think you're tough shit? You go take care of it." Make an intimidation check. 13? 15. He's looking over at you. You can see him swallowing hard. "Hey, no, I understand that. That's great. Looks like you guys are much more well-equipped "for this shit than we are. Look, I'm not saying we're better than you. We're better at some "things. You're better at others. That's why they're sending you in, because we can't fight "fucking ghosts. You go for it!" It's stone, but sure. (laughter) "All right." The guy who's talking to you says, "That's Hannah there. I'm Louis." He pauses for a moment, shakes your hand. "Now go get this thing." Okay. Cree is still standing by the bar with the satchel on. As you stand up and start approaching, she smiles. "Indeed. I can tell you it's so good to see you." "Well, you had acquired the tome with the ritual spell that you required to attempt to reach "the city. That lady-- I don't remember her name. The spell slinger from the capital. She came and "oversaw and performed the ritual for you. I don't trust those folk, but I trust you, and if you "trusted, than that was enough for me. You gave us a speech. We had a fine meal. We all got ready "there in the forest." "She said it would be hard for us to tell whether or not it worked at first, but we went and "checked, and you were not breathing. For a good hour, you were not breathing and you had gone "cold. We knew then that-- that we had lost you. We checked, and I'm very attuned to vitals, as you "know. There was no heartbeat. So we waited longer. The sun rose, and nothing. So, as you told us, if "anything were to go wrong, we had to get rid of any sign, any trace. So, not far from the Tomb "Taker hideout, we buried you and we went our separate ways. She took the tome, the mage woman, "it was part of the arrangement you had with her." Make a deception check. You're starting to get in deep into this now. Make a perception check. You start wandering over, but there's too much noise and general din in the chamber around you to make anything out. "Of course." "Right, of course, Lucien." "Please, please do." There's a moment pause, and then Cree takes in the hug too. There's a faint purr in the ear, and then you hear the voice whisper, "It's good to see you." "Me too." As you walk away. Make an insight check. Yeah. Seems forthright. No, it's bloody water. It's water with a hint of iron aftertaste. Glancing around, no. Other than Kara, who you had spoken with previously, nobody else catches your attention. No, she's not watching you. She's receded into the top balcony into a chamber behind. That is correct. Make a perception check. 17. As is the nature of a seedy underbelly, there are a lot of individuals who are very interested in the newcomers that waltzed in, made a deal with their boss, and have sat and had a drink and are talking all sorts of business. There are a number of folks that are slowly creeping in. Make an insight check. You don't have to roll deception if you're not lying. You go through a door, and there is a switchback stairway that leads to the upper balcony area, and as you head up there, it looks like there's a weapon rack which has a bunch of weapons set up. Kara's currently sitting on the edge of a bench and is sharpening the blades, small daggers and stuff, and looks back. "Oh! Hello." Sets it aside. "Look, I'm sorry, I didn't "mean to deceive anyone, but that's my business." "I was keeping some things close to my chest, like I'm sure you do." "Look, I deceived no one, outside of what you needed to know. We got our business done. I've "done nothing wrong." "What do you mean?" "Oh, the Crick attack on the tower? No, had nothing to do with us. We're not going to work "with those savage beasts." Go for it. "That wasn't planned by anyone. If anything, it might have saved our asses, because it made "what you did small potatoes by comparison. I'm thankful it happened, but look, those things "continue to attack us from the eastern border, and from what little information's coming through, "it's getting worse with each passing week, so the last thing I want to do is let any more of them "into our backyard." "Look, I know my limits. I'm not some mastermind. I want to make some coin, I want to "work with one of my skill sets, make the boss happy. I stay mainly within the city. I don't want "to deal with any bigger stuff than that. I'm just a girl." "It's one of convenience. Keeping it short for you, it sure beats pickpocketing in the "streets and being beaten when I'm caught." "About eight years." "I worked my way up." "As far as I know, yeah. It's not good for business." "That's true, but-- I don't know his whole plan, per se, but business works well when things "are predictable. Right? And when there's war involved, things get real unpredictable. Emotions "are high. The amount of armed guard and military gets high. We're forced to skulk in the shadows "until it blows over. Last thing we want is for all this to get any crazier then." "Dolan's a good man. He's not caught up in all this. Don't try and mix us up in that, right. "He doesn't deserve it." "Generally, no. Most of the folks that work with the Gentleman and that we work for are "well-paying because they're well-off. Some of them aren't the most moral, either. We don't do "anything that hurts the folk that don't deserve it. At least from what I know. We don't kill, we "don't murder. We just move and sell and deal in various goods that aren't perfectly legal." "No." "Right." "Well, if I have a friend that makes it high in the political chain of the city-- Dolan-- and I "have the ear of the Gentleman, that's a mighty powerful ally to the underworld without that ally "knowing." "Well, there's good money in being the middleman, if this works out. To be honest, it "sure beats having to shuffle in the shadows. I work better in public anyway. It's what I do for "the Gentleman now." "You too. Sorry--" "Stay safe. You know where to find me, or at least ask about me, now. Looks like we're in bed "one way or the other." All right. You join up with the rest of the crew. You guys have all gathered again. What would you like to do? "That's not me. That is just a gift from the Traveler." This is why you don't miss a game, Laura. Anyway. It a dark, graphite-colored blade that's hooked in places and this gradual sharp. It's a longsword, so it's not the beefy thing you're used to. It is a hefty blade. What you're used to, this one's a little smaller. It's still helpful, but it's your call. I think you could use it with your Hexblade. You can use it two-handed, do a d10, but that's up to you. It's not as hefty or as sentimental as the one you have. It's taller than Nott. No, it is over her shoulder and by her side. To lay it out, the whole room is shaped like an L. Here's the far end, and this is the chamber. You guys entered from this side, around the corner the ogre's right there. The bar's up here, and this is where the Gentleman was. "Yeah, no problem. Boss said it's fine." He has practice. It's a little spilled. It's a little messy. You approach the ogre? The ogre, who's standing roughly ten, 11 feet tall. It is a male ogre, wearing patchwork hides and fur over one shoulder, large belly, rippling muscle arms, the maul held in one hand, resting against the chest. Deep, angry jaw that has jowls that swing as it turns its head to look towards you. Both the eyes are dark and beady, with a brown iris you can barely see under the folded brow. As you approach, it (snorts). (confused grunt) Literally rolled an intelligence check to see if he got it. And did not. "Kutha." "Yeah." "What's happening?" (grunting) Clawing at the jaw, trying to pull it down. (groaning) "You do this?!" This terrible grinning ogre, who seems confused with the facial muscles not functioning. Kutha. K-U-T-H-A. Kutha. You guys make your way back up the spiral staircase, out through the trapdoor in the back storage room of the Evening Nip, exiting past the bar where Clive Binz sits there waiting with his half burn-scarred dwarven face, who gives you a nod as you exit back into the city-- now, I believe, in the late-afternoon, near dusk-- the sky grows darker as you proceed onto the next leg of your adventure. And that's where we're going to take a break. (cheering) We get to go back again on Saturday to finish up our campaign for those kids, it's going to be exciting. We have our Wyrmwood giveaway, of course, for you folks out there. Those of you who want to come over into Twitch chat to enter, the code for tonight is "gentleman"-- "A", singular, "gentleman"! Gentleman, not men. You can only enter it once in the chat, any more than that and you'll be disqualified. This is good for anyone in the United States, Canada, excluding Quebec, unfortunately, due to crazy rules and laws. But here you have this fancy zebrawood deck box, which is nice material that we're all going to be signing and sending out, so we'll come back from the break with the winner. Until then, hang tight, enjoy the break, and we'll see you here in a few minutes. A huge thank you, of course, to our friends at D&D Beyond, Geek and Sundry, and Wyrmwood for being so wonderful to support 826LA and bring joy to all of these kids. And, of course, we have to thank you, the Critters, whose continuous care and generosity even makes things like this possible. So I guess it's time, guys. Welcome back. Great timing. So, we have our winner for the evening for the Wyrmwood giveaway. It is LoupRouge. LoupRouge, congratulations. Danoba will get your information and we'll get that sent out to you ASAP. So congrats! All right, bringing us back into the game, you guys have all reassembled with a moment of your thoughts on the outside of the Evening Nip, just as the sun has set. The oranges and purples of the sky have taken over with the little bits that you can see beyond the cloud cover that still seems to permeate the atmosphere above you. With the recent storm mostly passed, it seems at least the gray skies are clinging as hard as they can. What do you wish to do? The sun has recently set. Jester has it, yeah, inside the backpack. You left him at the Leaky Tap, yeah. So you guys head back to the Leaky Tap. You head back to your chambers, and within the one room, Horris has been very careful. As soon as you open the door, Horris immediately grabs the nearby chair and like gets ready. "Oh. You've returned." "Sorry, just, I'm a little jumpy. How are things going? How's the search been?" "I trust you. Yeah." "Okay. No, that's fine. (sighs) Thank you. I can't even begin to express my thanks." "I've been staying in here. I've been looking out the windows. There's been more guard "activity in the streets. It looks like they're making their way inward into the city and "beginning to inquire, at least from what I've seen. That's it. Other than that, I've just been "bored and reading this book." (chuckles) "Yeah." "Eh, no." "There aren't any pictures." (clears throat) "Anyway." Oh, right. You can buy cantrip scrolls, but not-- Right. Correct. You cannot transcribe cantrips. Right. Yeah, it was. And paid the difference. There you go! Always skirting that edge. I lived that life for three years. Paycheck, paycheck, paycheck. Paycheck! It's gone. "Anyway." "Very well. Just tell me what you need from me, or what I should do." You didn't specify. But that seems like it might be a viable plan. "What?" DM's always here. "I'll step in one of the other rooms. Is there a key I could--" "Okay." He leaves the room. As soon as he leaves the room, Jester goes, "Okay, so tell us "about you! Each!" We'll find out in a second. All right, all of you who are in the 15-foot radius it's being cast in, which would probably be... everybody. You're all staying close on this. Everybody please make charisma saving throw. Charisma saving throw. You are the only two that succeeded. Everyone else, you have to speak the truth. Yes. You all sense the energy come over you and for a second you're a little confused by it. You watch as this large cluster of moisture all of a sudden solidifies around the outside of the blade, and the blade is now encrusted in jagged ice shards that just stick out, the steam coming off of it. Mist. I think she was asking Yasha. As the nature of the spell, you know you are under the effect of it, and you can be dodgy if you need to, but it's up to you. Yeah, plenty of things that are sharp. Yeah, I mean, there are jagged parts of the wooden frame of the bed. Okay. You watch as this bright, vibrant light billows out of it, glowing in the vicinity, similar that you've seen it encase the scimitar. "As far as I can tell, yes. He did indeed poop his pants." "Oh that too, yes!" Make a religion check. Oh yeah, you've definitely heard of the Moonweaver. The Moonweaver is classically more of an elven deity. They are a god over night, of shadows, music, there's a lot of variations to what they go over, but they are definitely not one of the approved religions in the empire, and is not considered one of the betrayer gods classically. Is an inspiration for a lot of art in classic elven history, even some modern. The caretaker of evening trysts. Has a lot of unique history to the Moonweaver. No. Not at the moment. How much do you show? And also, there's only a couple minutes more left on the spell. About now the spell has dissipated. The spell's gone. You can still press her. You know, go ahead and make a religion check. With advantage. He what? Yes. To everybody who was present at the table and remained within the vicinity at the moment. Yep. Yeah, you're familiar with these entities. They're generally undead orbs that-- That haunt swamps, haunt areas where they seek life force to siphon it and devour it. They're will-o'-wisps. All right, you guys all turn in? All right. An evening's rest takes you as you all take a while, ruminating on the events of the day, the information acquired and the path before you. You eventually find yourselves to sleep so you can take your long rests for the night. Are you doing anything with the sword? Yeah. The one that you took from Yasha. Are you-- Not yet? Okay. Anybody else? Anything? All right then. As the morning comes to, you all wake up relatively early because you went to bed relatively early. It's shortly after sunrise. You find yourself conscious. Some of the first to really hit the downstairs tavern for breakfast. Food is served, drinks are had and the morning and day is yours. What do you wish to do? You can do it if you want. Okay. So you focus on it and as you lie there, concentrating on it, you extend the essence of whatever pact you've made with this entity into this weapon. As you finally finish the period of time, you hold the blade in front of you and it vanishes into the pocket. As you force it to apparate once more in your grasp and the blade returns, it has the same hooked shape, but now this blade is encrusted with barnacles along the base of it. Edges of it have curved around and water continues to drip off this. It seems to have transferred whatever the essence of this pact blade is to this one. At this moment you realize whatever weapon you seem to bond with in this way will carry that same aquatic essence based on the communion that you've acquired. Okay. Classic Beauregard. Zemnians. Jester will stay as well. There you go. Oh, boy. All righty. So for those of you who are making your way towards the Pentamarket, you eventually find the outskirts of the Invulnerable Vagrant. You enter the interior and there are two other individuals that are doing business with two of the Pumats. You do not. They seem to be just asking questions and looking about the vicinity. You do not. Okay. So as you enter the chamber and you see the two Pumats are busy, the counter is currently not helmed and they're mid-discussion, but one of them turns and kind of acknowledges you enter. "Oh, that's real nice to see you. Just relax there a bit. If you need help immediately we can see if Prime's available." "Yasha. That's a wonderful name. I can't help you because I'm helping this person, but just hang tight a second. Pumat? He'll be right with you." You see two of them that look identical in the room. "Something like that. He'll be right with you." Turns around. You hear a couple of heavy footfalls, what sounds like a toppling of some metallic pan that (clattering metal) like, "Ah, shi-- hello!" The curtain opens and you see one of the Pumats, but with a set of goggles right above the head, an apron on with a bunch of different tools and various accoutrements stuffed into different pockets. "Hey, so I'm helping someone. Who needs help? "Right. Now, you've been here before. You're working with the other ones. All right. Morning. Morning to you. Hey, can I help you?" ASHLEY I just-- I mean, do you have Chinese stars? Throwing stars? "Oh. Are you talking about a dagger or a dart or something like that?" "You can probably go to a blacksmith and get that made for you. I don't really craft things here from their base components. We generally take them and I enchant them to a better degree. I make generally not-so-great things pretty great." Yeah. And you're catching that Pumat Prime is a little surlier than the other ones. He seems like he's a little more down to business than the various versions of him out there. "Ah, interesting. You're going to be dealing with some of the spiritual realm, you say?" "All right. Let's see. Pretty sure I got maybe a vial or two of holy water if that's what you're looking for. That's not usually my purview, but we keep a couple in stock just in case. Let me see what I can muster." Goes ahead and rummages through in the back. You hear more metal and glass clanking and one box gets shifted off to the side. "Ah, dang nabbit." "All righty." Comes out. "I've got two vials of holy water remaining. Those will run you about 25 gold pieces apiece if you want them." "Well, look at that. It's like it was meant to be. Straight up destiny." "Ah, well you see, funny thing with all of these adventurers, keep coming in and clearing me out. We got maybe two more, but you got to give us time to restock. You guys, your friends here have been mighty hungry." "Those will put you back about 50 gold pieces apiece since we have the friendly discount of repeated customers. Isn't that right, one of-- me's? One of the Pumats goes, "That's correct. They've been in here a few times." He's like, "All right. Great. Thank you for looking out there, buddy. All right. So--" "Yep?" "Oh, you're referring to that protection cloak. Let's see here." (grunts) Takes it off the counter, checks it. "That'll run you back about 800 gold pieces." "Well." You watch the demeanor shift a little bit from like the "I'm busy." Like "Well, happy to see a big spender coming on first thing in the morning." You start seeing more of the connection with the other Pumats. "Well, might I have your name? I don't think we've had the pleasure personally." "Fjord--?" "Fjord Tough. Pumat Sol Prime. And I believe this is now known as "Fjord's Cloak." "You're looking for a discount for the healing potion?" Make a persuasion check. I know. But, hey, you never know. 14? "You know what? I'm not going to lie. I'm kind of a fan of the no-nonsense kind of a lady. So, sure, I'll throw in a ten gold discount on each of those healing potions. So that's 80 gold for you for the two." "All righty. Here you go." "Okay." "That's all right. Simple requests are always open. What do you need?" "Yeah, more of that wizard stuff. I got that for you. I got two ink vials there. Those'll last you for a little while. Get that going for you. Some parchment. 100 gold, friend. Thank you very much. Pleasure doing business with you." "Well, I do have one enchanted dagger, if you're so interested." "Well this one, when it's thrown, if it misses, it comes right back to you." "If it misses." "If you miss with it." "It's pretty useful. I don't know about incredible." "Look, I'm just being straight with you. It's a pretty useful thing on occasion." "I mean no offense to any of you here, but I got to get right back to work. Looks like one of my me's is available to help you for the rest of this--" "Yeah, no, well, let them know. Thank you so much. Have a wonderful day. It's a pleasure to see you again. You too." "Nice to meet you as well, big lady." He takes his goggles down. "Have a good day." He turns around and goes into the back chamber. It's funny, him saying big lady, because he's huge. He's bigger than you are. He goes into the back and goes right back to work and you hear another foot hit the pan. "Ah, I need to-- aw man." The ceiling's probably about ten-foot. "Hi. Sorry about that. I was helping a customer, but he's left now. Not purchasing anything. So I'm happy to help you. What can I do for you?" "All righty. Well, have a wonderful day and come by whenever you like, big spender. I saw that." "Coming along fine. I think that's part of what Pumat's working on right now." "I'll see what we can do. Thank you." "Thank you." All right. Thank you. Easily enough at the blacksmith, for the sake of brevity here. Yeah, you can pick up-- For a single dart, which is the equivalent. We'll say there are darts and there are, we'll say throwing stars. Sure, why not? Because of the Archive's nearby, there probably would be a use for them. They're not often called for. It's probably a surprise that somebody wanted to purchase them, but they have about 20, we'll say, throwing stars, which act as darts, for five copper a piece. Okay. So the transaction completed, you have a bunch of these throwing stars. They're metallic. They're triangular in shape and bladed at the edges. Pretty light. Sure. Go ahead and roll a d20. You throw it towards this post and it (whoosh). (whinnies) This horse all of a sudden bucks and kicks the side of the stable nearby and you hear the wood crack from the kick. All of the sudden you hear voices of the two stable hands trying to hold back this horse. So it's 19 throwing stars. Caleb, Molly, and Jester, actually, as you guys are walking back, you notice that there are now clusters of about three or four crownsguard at different places that are in the process of asking questions to people, going from place to place and inquiring. Right, she's not with you. You're right. Yeah, like talking to people, asking questions. Okay. You guys make your way back to The Leaky Tap. There, what little Horris had on him, a little bit of change and materials to leave, is ready to go. Beau and Jester are propped and ready as well, I assume? What do you guys do? "Yes. Thank you. Thank you. Whatever you need." Yeah? Okay. Easy enough. All right. As you guys make your way towards The Evening Nip, Horris is looking a bit nervous, but does look around and seems genuinely very thankful. He's like, "Seriously, this means a lot. To both me and Dolan. Thank you." Probably hold on that until we get-- We'll say, for the purposes of this, you're pretty close to The Evening Nip when you do this. He's had too much to drink? You guys enter The Evening Nip. Clive is there at the end. "Hey. You're a friend with a bag?" "All right." (grunts) He leads you to the back, shoves things off of the latch, pulls up the trapdoor, down the stairs, and you eventually make your way back into the tavern below, where Mollymauk is waiting nervously, drinking. That's okay. Okay. Gotcha. All right. As you guys head back down, Horris is like, "I trust you guys. I trust you." You make your way down. The room is not as busy as it was last you left. There's maybe six individuals in there. Most of them are the individuals who were previously posted with rifles or new individuals also posted with rifles up at the top. There is The Gentleman, finishing a meal at the table with Sorah, his bodyguard, at the side. "Ah! I see you've made it." He sets the things down, pushes the plate to the side. "So I take it this is your contraband?" "Very well. And you would wish this smuggling to head where? Our cleanest, to be fair, our cleanest means of smuggling out would be actually through the river after you pass through, as that leads us to the northern swamps of Berleben. And that would be probably one of the safest spaces still easily able to keep him out of sight and to a safe space out of the Crownsguard's watch." "Great. Then we'll wait an hour after your passage forward and send your contraband on his way to safety with two individuals to escort him and lead him to civilization beyond the outskirts. Sound fair?" "Very well. Take care of him, please." They pull the shoulders of Horris back and Horris is like, "All right. Be safe." "And you know what? Kara and, we'll say, Dweez. You go ahead and lead them down to the--" "Lead them, blindfolded of course, through the underworks to docks and send them up the way to their agreed upon task." You see Kara come back through one of the doors on the steps and behind, you see that creepy gnome from earlier sitting behind. (creepy chuckling) Kara goes, "All right. Well," and she pulls a few pieces of cloth. It looks like they're used to moving individuals through, and they have already prepared blindfolds in place. She passes them out to you and instructs you all to put on a blindfold and take a hand. Okay. Who's at the very front and who's at the very back of this chain? Fjord front. Who's in the back? Okay, who's after Mollymauk? Jester, all right. Who's after Jester? Okay. Nott? So there, and we have Frumpkin trailing behind at the very back. So Fjord, at the very front, Kara takes your hand and begins pulling, and in the very, very back, Caleb, this tiny gnome hand grabs your hand and goes, "(heh heh) Hold on. (heh heh)." They loop you through the room a few times to discombobulate you, and direction in the chamber, and pull you through in different ways, to prevent you from orienting where you were and where you're going. Eventually you're led through a doorway, you hear some things shift, and then turned around a bit, and then led down a ladder. The ladder goes down for about 20 or so feet before your feet touch some sort of soft dirt, packed dirt-type feeling. The sound of the music and chatter vanishes up ahead and you hear, as soon as you all head down the ladder, a latch close and lock above you. Your cat managed to-- actually, make a stealth check. For Frumpkin. Five? As Frumpkin's trying to trail behind, Dweez turns and goes, "(heh) No! (heh heh)" and puts a hand out and grabs Frumpkin by the scruff and holds Frumpkin up, and then throws Frumpkin back into the bar. Okay. Okay. Dweez is clutching the back of your hand and goes, (confused sound). (creepy laughter) Okay. So you head back down. You are led down a tunnel. It weaves a bit. You turn to the right, down another tunnel for 100, 200, 300 feet. Frumpkin back in. Right. You can see this a bit. These are tight, individual tunnels. It feels almost like a mine in the fact that it has occasionally a wood structure for support between it. A lot of it is packed with earth that's been carved out. Eventually you'll split off into two and you'll see what looks to be a small resting chamber with another set of tables and a bunk. You go past another area and there's occasional torchlight set up on parts of the wall. You can see a couple of shifty individuals that are in the process of stacking crates somewhere. Yeah. They'll walk by you and occasionally look. One of them will stop and inspect and move on. No one seems to fuck with you at the minute because you're with Kara. In fact, one of them seems to get close to you and looks and sees Dweez and goes (ugh) and just moves on. You do hear a noise, a strange like (guttural animal snorting) and you hear (whip crack) (animal grunting) echoing down the hall. You move around one spot and there's one archway that Frumpkin passes by, looking down, and you can see there's a pit, and there are a number of cages set up in there, about four of them, that have different creatures inside. It's too low-lit for Frumpkin to really see from this distance what's in there, but one of them is currently having a bit of a conniption fit and you see three cloaked figures that are on the outside. One of them is trying to whip elements of it that are coming at it; the other one is trying to prod it in the sides and it's getting agitated. At this point, it smells like wet dirt and earth. That's about it. It smells like a dank subterranean tunnel. As you pass by the creature smell, you can smell hints of dung, fresh and old, and some sort of pheromone, like a very strong pheromone that's very unpleasant, the scent. Continuing on, you move through another tunnel. Another figure walks by and stops as you pass and watches you as you continue. Down another set of stairs, and then eventually, the echo begins to get a little louder. Your feet hit wood. Frumpkin can see this as you pass in. You've hit a dock. This is now a natural cavern. The moisture catches you first. What was initially a somewhat cavernous damp has now become very moist and you can hear the slight sound of a river moving through. Frumpkin can see this, too. There's an entire underground river that is now curving past this entrance way, leading in two different directions. Along this river, you can see there are a few lanterns that are set up with this soft, greenish glow. They're perpetually burning in certain areas and are bolted into the rock and stone. There on the side of this dock, you can see four different boats that are currently roped and tied to the edge there. There is a figure sitting on a stool who is taking a dagger and moving it on the edge of one of the wooden poles that is on the very outside end of the dock. At this point, all of your blindfolds are removed and you've come to the end of this part of the journey. Kara says, "Sorry about that, but you were respectful. Thank you." She collects the blindfolds, and Dweez, who is still clutching your hand, lets go and goes (creepy chuckle). Kara goes, "All right. Two of these ships are yours to use. You're heading up that path there about a mile or so. It's with the river, thankfully, so the stream will be carrying you through. A set of paddles to each of you. Whoever wants to helm that; that's up to you. Pay attention from what I've been told, you'll see the change in the texture of the wall on the left-hand side traveling northward. Look for the small collapse on that end." "Correct. Be spry. Sometimes some creatures do find their way living down here, so be ready to move past quickly or find a way to duck them if you can." "All right. Good luck!" "We'll be fine." The guy at the edge of the docks sits up and Kara goes, "The back two for these folks. Let them go. Gentleman's orders." He doesn't say anything, just sits up. You see the hood that's up, he pulls it back a bit and you can see there is this older, grizzled human with very short gray hair, deep scar across the back of his head that curves off to the top of where his receding hairline is. It's just been very deep-set where the skin dimples heavily along the edge of the scar. He's got this very scruffy gray and white beard. His head's a bit sunk into his shoulders. He walks over to the edge and unties each of the boats and hands the rope to one of you. The first one goes to Fjord, and the other one just goes to Beau, goes back to his station and sits down, sticks his blade in the side of the wood and keeps wedging it in there. You get a better look up there and you can see this wood is splintered to shit on the top. This guy has been, over time, slowly pushing away at this wood for whatever amusement he needs to pass the time down here where he's stationed. These boats look like they'll fit about four people each. So we have Fjord, Jester, Molly, and Beau in one boat? And Yasha and Caleb and Nott in the other? Is that how it is? Okay. Two oars on each side, yeah. You guys all get in. It rocks a bit as you all adjust your weight and find a place where the boat itself isn't listing too far to one side or the other. The river current is pulling it along, so as soon as you step off, the last person holding the rope, they immediately start following the current of the river, which is not rapid, but it is moving at a fair speed. You all gather yourselves and follow it down, and as you progress, you notice those green lanterns that are lit only seem to cover the vicinity of that dock until, eventually, you are going into a pitch black cavern. Hmm? You're all alone. All right, so as the orbs-- (singing) There you see her! MATT and This one you throw. This isn't an oil, this is water. Okay, roll a d20 and add your dexterity modifier. What are you doing? Add your dexterity modifier. It goes right past; you hear it (splash) into the water below. The chamber seems to shift at times. Sometimes it squeezes in where it's just the river and the edges of the tunnel at about 15 feet from side to side. The ceiling is roughly 15 feet as well. 15 to ten feet; sometimes it coasts down and becomes a bit lower. It is a natural river so-- (echoing) Oskar! As you guys head deeper into the subterranean tunnels towards your destination, weapons at your side, prepared for whatever comes in the near future-- We're going to go ahead and end tonight's game. We don't have Laura here. We've had two episodes that went four plus hours. My back's hurting a little. We've been here for three hours! So yeah, before we get too deep into this, we'll go ahead and pick up next week when Laura can join us. We'll pick up from there. Once again guys, thank you so much for tuning in. Check out the awesomeness of 826LA and the stuff we are doing with them. Check out Pillars of Eternity 2 and the really cool stuff that we are doing with them! And yeah, we'll be back into this next week. Until then guys, have a wonderful week, we love you, and is it Thursday yet?