Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Laura will be joining us shortly. She's finishing baby stuff in the other room. But in the meantime, we're here to get through our announcements for the evening. First and foremost, we have our fantastic friends and glorious sponsor through campaign two thus far, D&D Beyond. Aw, thank you, Sam. If we've taken anything from that, we now have the mental image of a country Sam enjoying an all-night date with his D&D Beyond. Thank you, D&D Beyond, for your sponsorship and allowing such magical moments like this to happen. We also have, for those who haven't seen it yet or haven't had the opportunity, Marisha's Honey Heist 2 Electric Beargaloo VOD is available on YouTube at youtube.com/criticalrole, so you can go check it out there for free any time you want! It's there, it's ready to go. It was nuts. It was so much fun. On that same regard, for the time being, our limited-run Electric Beargaloo tee is available right now in the store, for a limited time. Fantastic, beary awesome portrait art by Joana Carvalho, who did a great job with it. You can check it out at shop.critrole.com. Speaking of which, Laura, how's that merch coming? Thank you, Laura. Welcome back to the table. On that note, guys, we'll have our Wyrmwood giveaway at the break. I'll have all that information for you and a reminder at the time. But for right now, I think it's time to jump into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [groovy Critical Role theme] You know that part in the game where you don't understand why you got so many points into renegade as opposed to paragon? (laughter) I'm not going to be able to run the game tonight. I can't focus. Take two. Oh, I will never live that down. It's great when you're a new actor in LA and everyone says, "Yeah, you got to get some head shots, and I know all about it. You got to get those costume and "character shots in." Yeah, you need some archetypes. Come with a doctor outfit, come with a regular business suit. I've done a lot of doctors. No, all that photo has done is this. That is literally the most it's ever done. That would have been about ten years ago. Yes. We'll go with that one. Anyway, back to the story at hand! Upon completing your journey, checking in with The Gentleman, you were paid the ripe sum that you had discussed. After taking your newfound friend from Shadycreek Run, Ophelia, back to The Evening Nip, you exited with your new gold and platinum in hand. After a celebratory drink to the memory of Molly, you grabbed Caduceus and led him into the city of Zadash-- the largest city you've ever seen by leaps and bounds-- to see what kind of ways you can corrupt this new, fresh mind, free out of the Savalierwood. That is where we left off. In this case, guys, we have roughly two weeks of downtime. I'm going to go around and ask what you would like to accomplish, and if moments require rolls, moments require roleplay, anything like that, we'll jump into it. I would like to say, who wants to go first? Okay, I will say you could purchase all of those things-- and you're buying these yourself? Okay, yeah. I'd say you could buy all of those things with, let's say, a single gold, because your charisma isn't that high. A single gold piece for all of that. That's priced up a bit. SAM and Yep, I have that. No, that was on the way out of Hupperdook. They weren't there for that. Well, first off, do you have or own tinkerer's tools? This next expense will be 50 gold pieces for the set of tinkerer's tools. I would need you to make a tinkering check to see if you can successfully disassemble the gun. Without ruining elements of it. You're not proficient in tinkerer's tools, so it's basically a straight intelligence check. Add your intelligence modifier to see if you can figure out the safest way to do so. It takes you a little bit of time, but you manage to very carefully disassemble the entirety of the pistol without any issues. Through the words of the man responsible for inventing these things naught but 20-plus years beforehand, if you would like to explain? Make a tinker check. I'd say it'll cost you an additional 20 gold in materials, because you fail multiple times going through, and end up wasting a lot of materials until, eventually, you get it right and you're certain that this would be the one that would function properly. So you have one explosive arrow. You're not entirely certain what it does. Yeah, they're separate individual pieces. You can certainly try. You reassemble it. It looks to be functional. For show or comfort? (laughs) All right, so you have this commissioned. Because it is a commission and it is specific, it'd probably be at the similar store to where Beau got her reversible cloak made earlier in the campaign. It would only take maybe two days to get the materials together to match the color you wanted, and then the embroidery, and finishing the gloves for your size specifically. Since you'd be a smaller frame. All in all, I'd say five gold pieces. Which is pricey for a set of custom gloves, but not based on the money you had made. Okay, so mark that off. Soltryce. That's a good way to remember it. Okay. Two things. One, I would like you to roll for your forgery. Are you proficient with your forgery kit? I think you should, depending on your-- Yeah. Go ahead and roll a d20. Add your intelligence modifier and your proficiency bonus. Actually, no. Let's make it dexterity. Proficiency bonus and your intelligence modifier. Dex, I'm sorry. You manage to forge the letter in what you believe to be a fairly decent forgery. You're not matching somebody's handwriting, per se. It's more about getting an officious look to it, with little flourishes of calligraphy at the beginning of sentences. Exactly. I would like you to roll a general dexterity check for me. Okay. There's a difference between sealing wax and candle wax. How do I know this? Because I've made that mistake before, sealing letters for previous D&D campaigns. You manage to press your ring into the wax and pull back, and now there's mush on the end of your ring, and there's a circular piece of mushed soft wax where the seal should be. Sealing wax, it's not too expensive. We'll say two silver to get you a chunk. There you go. You finish the letter. You seal it best to your ability. You hope it seems official enough, and you send it off towards its destination in Rexxentrum. End scene, all right. Is that the extent of the things you want to accomplish, Nott? Okay. All righty, who wants to step up next? That's true, so Caleb. So the four of you, Jester, Caduceus, Caleb, and Beauregard, are going shopping. Okay, all right. Well, what are you guys looking for? Okay. Midday, you make your way to the Pentamarket, to the very vibrant center area of the marketplace there. There's a number of intersecting pathways that help divide between all the various carts and tents that open up. At this point, I'd say it's maybe late morning or so. A lot of the curled up curtains in the front are being affixed to the top or have been for a while. The smells of fresh baked goods, cooking stews, and various other treats and snacks that are being presented as part of the shopping experience catch your nostrils as you move through. You hear music playing in the distance. For all the chaos that life has thrown you in the past 30 days, it feels nice to step into a place that's so filled with life and lack of understanding of how dark the world is at the fringes of this empire, both with the war going on and some of the things you've encountered. It's nice to step into this space and you catch yourself instinctually smiling and finding it infectious to brighten your mood. You turn to see the darkened green wood with gold accoutrements that marks the exterior of The Invulnerable Vagrant. The front door is closed, but appears to be not locked for any particular reason. Now that we've physically built it, yeah. It's a little larger in-world than the one that we did. But the aesthetic is there, yeah. As you step forward, the door opens up and leads you inside, and there the same warmly lit interior with the glowing chandelier above greets you. Across the way, sitting behind the desk, face down in a book, one of the various Pumats, who looks up and, "Oh, why hello there! Yeah, oh, it's been a while. Sorry, took me a second to recognize "you. You're very silhouetted by the bright sunshine outside you right now and it's a bit dark "interior, so come on up!" Another Pumat comes around the corner and goes, "Oh, do we have folks in here?" "Yeah, don't "worry, Pumat, I got them taken care of. Oh, there's even more coming in." "Caduceus! Why, it's a pleasure to meet you as well." "Don't see many of our kind wandering around these large establishments." "Well, it's ours. Well, it's his. Hey, Prime! You might want to step out of the workshop "for a second." You hear some rustling and grumbling in the background, and the curtain opens and you see a third one of them step out, goggles affixed to the head, a little bit of smudges of dirt on the edges of the chin. "What are you talking about? Oh my goodness." "Where are you from? To be perfectly honest, we haven't really run into any other firbolgs "really since we came here." "Wow." "Well, thank you." At this point, the fourth one comes down from a ladder off on the right side chamber. "Oh, is the order getting-- Oh, it's a whole party over here! Is that another firbolg?" Comes down and the other's like, "Yeah, there's one over here." The other Pumat's like, "I'm "impressed. I like the color tones. It's a great arrangement, visual perspective." The one with the goggles in the back goes, "Sorry about that. I should clarify. These three "are arcane-based copies of myself. We are all collectively Pumat, but I am the original." One of the other ones speaks up and goes, "We absolutely take no offense, because it's true." The three simulacrum all go, "Aww" at the same time. "Well, I greatly appreciate that. We put a lot of hard work into it and it's hard to come "across folks like us that would appreciate something on this scale." "Well, unless I am mistaken, from my previous memory of times outside of Zadash, when's "the last time you had a good bath?" "This one knows what he's talking about. Listen to him. Follow that around." "Oh, sorry. Did you come here to do business?" Prime goes, "All right, then. Nice to meet you--?" "Caduceus Clay. Pumat Sol. Pleasure." "Of course, you got gold, we've got things to purchase. Anyway, other Pumats, take care of "these folks. I've got to get back to work. Good to see you all again." He exits to the back room. The two other Pumats step back and watch, and they're both looking at you with this kind of-- "Not too bad. People say you want to be your own boss, well--" (laughter) "Unfortunately, we don't really sell much in the realm of food items." "We do, actually. To be perfectly honest, you mostly cleaned us out last time you were in "here, but we've got a few more items in here." "We got the bracers here, if that's what you're looking for." "No." "Yeah." "And six weeks later, you're coming in and asking about them still." "But yeah, price is still 1200 gold pieces." "These bracers, enchanted by our fantastic boss, Pumat Sol, allow the bearer, as long as "they're not wearing any physical armor to impede the enchantment and/or a shield on their body, "helps protect them by deflecting incoming blows and giving them a better sense of avoiding "physical atrocity onto their person." "How about we meet in the middle and we stick with the price provided?" "All right, we'll put this here waiting for you right there." "Yeah." You can look at it, but you don't own it. "That can be considered, depending on how much of a purchase you're looking to make. What "are you looking for?" Don't think I've forgotten that silly string. "If that's the case, if you don't mind waiting, Pumat III, could you go to our storage "facility and get some more of that wizard paper and ink? It looks like he's buying out our stock "here at the moment." "Yeah, not a worry. I'll be back here in the better part of 30 or 40 minutes, "if you don't mind being patient." That one Pumat takes a little cloak and throws it over his shoulders. "See you guys in a little bit!" And exits outside. There's three in the room left behind. One of them had drifted off to the side for a bit, but seems to be still listening in. So you still have the one that's dealing with you. "We don't have a whole lot of incense here. I can probably provide about 20 gold worth of "incense. But there are incense makers within Zadash that I'm sure can probably help you out "with the rest of it." "We can definitely look to ordering more incense if you foresee this being a consistent "thing. We normally don't get that much of a request for it." "Feel free to ask and I'll go ahead--" and he grabs this small wood front, wood back, with leather edging binding ledger or catalog that he pulls out and opens it up, "Yeah, let me know what "you're looking for. I'll tell you if we got one in stock." Takes a little set of glasses and puts them on the edge of his nose. "All right." "Feather Fall. We got that, sure." "All right, there's a few options there. For lower level enchantments, we got an Expeditious "Retreat spell. That'll help get you out of the thick of things." "All right, that's putting that down as well as a possibility. Those prices here, because "they're both relatively simple spells, so I'll put them at about 100 gold apiece. That's 200 gold "total for those two spells." "Yeah, well, here. Let's see. In the realm of what you're looking to accomplish here--" "So you're going directly, not messing around, just a straight Catapult." It's a straight up catapult. "Catapult, yeah, we do have that as well. That is 300 gold "for the batch of three. Any more spells you're inquiring about?" "Here, I'll show you what we've been able to accomplish since your absence. Weapon-wise, this "wasn't enchanted more than it was something that came into our purview from somebody that was "looking hard for some cash and we offered them a bit of an exchange, as it was promising and "intriguing." He pulls out this longsword, but beyond the hilt the blade is snapped and gone. It's a broken longsword. It's got a silver hilt and a silver pommel wrapped in red leathers around the handle, and there is a very fine filigree across the hilt and around the base, this silver loop on the bottom of the pommel. But it's a broken sword. "You've got about an inch of blade there and it looks like it's still sharp in places. If you "get real close you can probably make someone have a really bad day." "Well, looking it over, it looks like there was some sort of enchantment embedded in it, but "since the blade has been broken, there's not-- it looks to be very old. Looks like it probably was a "relic from pre--" He goes and looks at his notes real fast. "Yeah, this would be pre-Divergence, "from the Age of Arcanum. The reason we took it is the historical significance. We could probably "fetch a pretty penny should we take it to the various lyceums. The Academy would probably be "real interested. But if you want to take it off for sentimental value or go get it repaired some "time, it's 300 gold." "Prime finished up some of this dust here," and he pulls out a small sack that looks to be a red-brown dust. He says, "He's proud of this one, I'm going to be real honest with you. If it's "sprinkled over any edible substance, it greatly improves the flavor. To the point where it's "downright distracting. It's the Dust of Deliciousness." "Last thing we've got here, and then we're pretty much out at the moment. You guys have "become our number one customers, which is really appreciated. Just finished this cloak last week "here." He steps around the edge and you can see, while as well decorated as the place is, it's pretty bare now. You guys have come through and grabbed the necessary bits and what else was in there has been picked up as well. You guys aren't the only people who shop here, but you've been the most recent, intense customers. He pulls this fine bluish, purple-tint cloak material, that as it flows, as he lifts it up from behind the small locked box, it ever so faintly gives off this shimmer. "This is designed to obfuscate the movements of the person who wears it, to where it "makes him a little more difficult to pay attention. The enchantments here," and he looks back, and you can see it, right along the hood of it, there's these faint little runes. He goes, "This is some-- these are Sylvan. I don't know if any of you read more the classics." "Well, there you go. This is specifically a cloak with an elven enchantment, designed to help "make things difficult to see. So there's that one as well." "That's all we got." LAURA and "Yeah, an answer." "Unfortunately, enchanted weaponry is a very specialized--" "Oh. I'm sorry about that. If you want to commission an axe, we can start working on "enchanting one for you." "Well, it depends on what sort of enchantment you're looking for. If you just--" "Okay." The other Pumat is now looking over from the other room and going like-- He's like, "We'll have "to talk to Prime about that. Prime?" Comes out. "Yeah." He's like, "She wants to see if you could "enchant an axe that hits really hard and is really cool and wounds don't close and--" You watch as Pumat Prime is actually, in his head, doing math. "I could probably manage "something like that. I got about an eight-month window for completion, and it would probably run "you about... between ten to twelve thousand gold." "Oh, I can guarantee it. Won't find anything better than that, for a specified number of "enchantments, this side of Rexxentrum." "So you want a weapon that, when it hits somebody, they start dancing?" "All right. So the only enchantment you're requiring is the possible ability of making "something dance uncontrollably." "All right." Welcome back, man. "There we go. That's going to be-- It's doable. It's pricey. That one will put you about "8,000 gold." "Sorry. If you want just something that's pretty sharp and helps you hit a little better, I "could do that for much cheaper." "Let's see. That one will put you back about, I'd say, maybe 400 gold?" "Could finish that in about four or five days, yeah." "All righty, just provide the weapon, and we'll get that taken care of for you." "Okay." What kind of axe is it? Handaxe. Okay, so it can be thrown as well. "All right. We'll go ahead and we'll get right on that for you, not a worry." "So that'd be 400 gold for that." "Put that in the pot right there, since you're looking for possibly other purchases. "That's 400 gold pieces. What else you looking to buy?" Yeah. "All right, so that's--" Make a persuasion check, with advantage since everybody's helping you. You see the Pumats talking to you kind of, "Let me go ahead and have a conversation with the "boss man. Hold on just a second." Turns around the corner. You hear some hushed voices. "Yeah, fine, "sure." He comes back out, "All right, we got ourselves an approval for a discount there. We'll "be happy to knock about a hundred gold off that total price for you, if that's amenable to you." "All right, so who's buying what?" "Sword and the cloak." "All righty. Well, here." "Well here, I'll do a total price here, and then you guys can--" "It's 400 for getting your handaxe enchanted." "Well, I'm doing a total amount here first, don't-- You guys can decide how to divvy it up for you." "So that's 450 for the cloak. That's 1,200 for the bracers. That's 300 for the handle. No dust?" "And then you got a-- and then 300 for the spells." "Hold on a second there. So it's 300 worth of spells, and you said 600 worth of paper and "ink, right?" At this time you guys have been discussing, the other Pumat comes back with his cloak with a big old crate in his hand and goes, "Got the rest of the paper and ink. Hold on." Sets it down. "Then that is 20 gold for your incense?" "All right. Are you guys all marking off your amounts?" "Based on how many pieces you've thrown at me, it's probably better to have you all just "deduct what you've spent individually. I was going to try that, but then..." "That got a little chaotic there." "All righty, so there's your sword, there's your bracers, there's your cloak." "Six servings of dust in this." "All right. Well, there you go. Go ahead and mark off that amount there as well. When all is "said and done, when you've marked off your amounts, here's a hundred gold back. You may "redistribute it as you see fit." Well, that was what you haggled them down. TRAVIS and It just makes it easier than adding. Make a persuasion check. "Well, only because you asked so nice, but don't tell the boss." "All right?" "So I'll see you back here in about five days or so there, Jester, and we should have a "fresh, new, enchanted handaxe there for you." "All righty. Well, it's been a pleasure." "Oh, it's--" He pulls it up again. "It's that Taryon fellow, or whatever. But I'm most of "the way through it. Kind of a slow reader." "Yeah, we've been kind of passing it around as we each finish it." "I'll ask him. Really appreciate the suggestion." Most of the weight is the materials that contain the paper. The paper isn't very heavy, but because it is specifically designed and made for the uses of inscribing and enchantment and other things, it is contained in very, very careful, protective wooden boxes. They're all stacked repeatedly within this crate. "Hey, Caduceus! Pleasure to meet you." "We'll hope so. Brightened up the room." "Aww, you're too kind." Yeah, there's Grace of the Wilds, which is in the Pentamarket district. You find it. You in particular, you find it very quickly because you're attuned to the smell of some of the herbs and various mosses that they're been cultivating and drying out there. You're like, (sniffs). That's familiar. (sniffs) Yeah. And so, much like Toucan Sam, you follow your nose-- --to Grace of the Wilds, and there you see a female woman, 50s, with kind of wild, big, black, curly hair, who's just sitting there. Nobody else is paying mind to the front, little tent that she has set up that is attached to what appears to be the rest of her shop, which is mostly closed-off and dark. As you approach, she glances over and goes, "Hah! Hi! Can I help you? What do you need, what do you need? What can I do?" "No, I'm Jesna Bree. But this is Grace of the Wilds, this is my shop. But welcome! Welcome. "Welcome, welcome." "For training? You want to train?" "Of course, of course! Just give me your list, I'd like to see." I know. I figured. "Oh. Ah. Okay, yeah!" And as she's talking to you, you watch as her other hand takes a piece of chalk and is writing on the wall behind her. "I'd be more than happy to help, and I can help! A lot of things I can help you with too, and I'm happy to!" And then, in kind of crappy handwriting underneath all the various prices of the herbs and things that are provided you now see 'training.' She's added it to her list of things that she does, as talking to you. "Oh! Oh, yes. Oh yes. Oh yes, I can help with the tea. The tea? I can help "with. So, training! What do you want to train in? Please, tell me." "Okay, okay. Okay, that can be done. It may take some time. Little bit of time. Give me your "time, we'll make it work." The herbalism kit for this is-- It's five-- you already have one. Yeah, you would be purchasing proficiencies, the training is what you would be doing. This would be the bulk of your downtime, because it will take a while for you to really get-- But the full training for this will come to about, I'll say, 200 gold. And you are now proficient in the herbalism kit. Oh, I misunderstood! Oh! I've got you. Well, if that's the case, buying the materials-- You're essentially buying them at half-price. You can make healing potions, but you get to make them at 25 gold apiece, as opposed to 50. Okay, yeah. Cooking spices will run you a gold for the full set. You can find a whole bevy of beverages all throughout the Pentamarket. Okay. So at 150 gold, (counting) that's six healing potions that you have the materials to make. But you can spend your downtime during this week to make a few, if you'd like. That'll put you at about one potion per day of creation. So you can easily take this time to make all six. They're baseline healing potions, level one, but you should be able to do so. Cool. And you made a friend with Jasna Bree! She's a little sad that she doesn't get a chance to teach you or train you, but she's like, "That's okay, next time! Next time. Whenever you feel like it, you come on by. I'll teach you. No "worries." A tea kettle you can get. I'd say you manage to acquire the cooking supplies, the kettle, some fine teas that you can acquire, and altogether I'd say-- I'd say that would put you back about-- with the hat? Four gold. You weren't asking for anything too crazy. All right. So for that? Let's see here. Make an investigation check. Well, if you're both looking for it, you can aid or help. So, advantage on that. 11. Asking around, most folks-- Well, diamonds as a rough, raw material is hard to find. Usually, they're already embedded in jewelry and most jewelers are out there. Eventually, somebody points you to a place, like, (dismissively) "If anyone will have it, it's probably over at Suvo's Secrets." LAURA and Suvo's Secrets. And they point you over to this large, gray shop tent that has an ominous feel when you look at it. As bright a day as it is, it's like the Addams Family house in the Pentamarket. It looks... it looks unwelcome. Yeah, it's a very drab, very coarse material that the tent is made out of. Outside, it looks like the ropes that are affixing it down are rotted a bit, and you can see that some of the ropes are starting to pull and tear on the edges. It looks closed. Except for there's-- where the flaps come together in the middle. It doesn't look like anything that you should buy from. All right. As you enter Suvo's Secrets-- (laughing) You're hitting the tent front? You're not walking in? Yeah, it's open. It's an entrance. You go inside and the interior-- It's maybe 20 feet by 20 feet, it's not a very large interior space. And it looks like there are some tables set up on the far ends, perimeter to the outside of it. And on the back, there is a very, very large custom rocking chair that is just like, (creaking). And sitting in it, you see an older, very intense-looking female dragonborn, bronze-scaled, but in the age they're starting to turn a bit green at the edges, kind of patinaed a little. She sits there in the rocking chair, hands kind of crossed on the chest, just rocking and looking at you as you enter. "Thank you very much. Welcome to Suvo's Secrets." "Yes. Who are you?" "Jester. What are you looking for that I might be helping you with?" TALIESIN and She leans forward and her hands hit the front of her knees. Leaning back, she looks very small, but once she steps into the little bit of light that's coming through the front of the tent, Suvo's a fairly large dragonborn, and, even just leaning forward sitting, is almost as tall as you are, Jester. "Diamonds, you say?" "How many diamonds are you looking for?" "Maybe 12." She reaches back and there's this large-- It looks just like a sack. Just a general sack and she reaches and grabs the edge and scoots it over without breaking eye contact. It scrapes across the ground and you hear things clattering around inside, like she's carrying a large pouch of various pots and pans. She reaches in, still looking at you. "One." "Two." And eventually counts out 12 varying-sized diamonds. They all look-- Some are cut, it looks like one of them is a little rough, and just hasn't been cut by a jeweler yet. But, sure enough, they're-- Make a perception check. You have. You've seen some fine jewelry, especially from your mother's chests. (laughing) It's the tassels. (laughter) (whoosh, whoosh, whoosh) It's sharp and dangerous. Yeah, we are. Exactly! These are all legitimate diamonds with varying degrees of worth. But looking at the batch, there's probably about 700-- We'll say, rounded off, about-- Roughly 750 gold worth of diamonds of the group, that she set. "That is all right. They will still be here when you come back." Drops them into the satchel, pushes it away. (creaking, thumping) So you each have 300 gold worth of diamonds on you. "There are many things." Grabs and pulls the sack back over. Yeah. The tables are all empty. There is just a sack where she keeps all of the goods. Reaches in and pulls out what looks to be a mummified creature's hand. You can't-- It's not quite humanoid, it's got fur on it. Sets it down. "This is a treated owlbear matron hand." "25 gold. It's a good keepsake." Reaches in, pulls out a big batch of garlic. Just a big old batch of garlic in a small netted sack. She goes, "Garlic. Good for cooking and also for keeping away... vampyr!" (laughter) Make a religion check, Jester. This plan sounds perfectly sound. (laughter) So, for the sake of brevity-- It's a whole slew of strange knickknacks-- Yeah, it takes the better part of 30 or 40 minutes or so. There's an iron mask. Where the mouth should be, it's just these two metal tusks that stick out, almost like a cast-iron orc mask. Oh my god. There are-- There's half of a chess set carved from jade. When I say half, I mean not like one side or the other half of each side, so it's completely useless. There is a single vial that has a familiar, red, medicinal liquid in it. It looks like there is a healing potion, should you be so inclined to purchase it. And the rest of it is just absolute junk. "Very well. Two gold." Which is really expensive for fucking garlic. Make a persuasion check. "It is yours." It's so overpriced for garlic. It is actually pretty artisanal garlic. All right, so yeah. This would be a greater healing potion. No. For this, she's like, "This will run 250 gold pieces. But it will keep you from dying in "places where you will probably most likely be dying." Pulls it back and puts it back in the satchel. "Then you will not have it!" (laughing) She seems to nod like, "Well done." "No mask?" Five gold. Make a persuasion check. Five gold. "Be careful. They say the curse lasts for whoever-- I don't remember the rest of it. It's "just a mask, there's no enchantment. It's just a very scary mask. But congratulations, it's yours." It's all bullshit. Well, most of it's bullshit from this individual. "Very well. Is that the end of it?" "Be safe and come back again. I am very interested to sell to you what else might come my way." You step out. The bright light of the midday sun-- The clouds of the previous storm have parted a bit and there's actually bright light and your eyes have to adjust. You're like, "Aah, Ah! Ah." All right. Who else? We've done a few things with you guys. We've done Nott's stuff. Fjord, anything you want to do? Sailors, not so much. The Empire is landlocked aside from the very far north, and those waters are in the frigid depths. It's a lot of ice floes and treacherous water up there. So there is very little passage up north. The Menagerie Coast, as you know, is where all of the port towns are, and that's the relationship between the Empire and The Menagerie Coast. That agreement is based on the fact that, essentially, the Menagerie Coast holds all the long-term imports and exports in the palm of their hand. That would be Nicodranas. Nicodranas from Zadash, it's a little over a week to get there, I'd say. Okay. Make three successive investigation checks for me, please. You make it as far south as Trostenwald before the frustration wells up inside you. It's been a series of dead ends. You've asked around and listened, and anyone who would've crossed paths with some of the shipping lanes that you're familiar with and that Sabian was familiar with, none of them are passing this far north. You assume that to continue this, you would have to go to the Menagerie Coast, and that would involve a thorough passage through Nicodranas and the various wharf taverns and seeing what old connections you might be able to dredge up in that time, but that's going to take you a little while. By the end of the week, you'll get not quite to Nicodranas. If you want to, you can traverse the Wuyun Gorge, pass through the Wuyun Gates, and head into the Menagerie Coast. You will be alone, and it isn't a not-dangerous road. So just be aware. There are some possibilities. You sure? Okay. After this unfortunately not-fruitful travel south in seeking out any possible word of Sabian, you shift your attention back and decide to rally with your allies. Perhaps that's the direction you want to go in the future. Okay, what else would you like to do? Okay. Very well. Anybody else? All righty. Cat Frumpkin has returned. Okay. We'll get to that. First, you guys make your way to the archive and you enter there, and the following morning Caleb is very tired-looking, but also hard to tell. Making your way into the archive, it's fairly bustling in comparison to what you know. It's either dead or there's a handful of people going through it. Today it's a handful of people going through. You're like, "Oh wow, there's four people in here researching right now." Within a short time-- what are you looking to do, Beauregard? One of the monks goes, "Let me go inquire. I'll be right back," and wanders up the stairs. You see them descend the stairs with another figure. Gray robes with blue lining, hood pulled back, and there you see Zeenoth. He steps down and goes, "Beauregard. I wasn't aware you had returned." "Hi. Dairon, unfortunately, is still out on the front lines." "Well, she's been sent to assess political threats beyond the eastern border. Been gone for "about 30 days and is said to return in the next 45 before we send anyone after her. But I'm sure "she's fine." "Well, things change when they're at that moment of conflict." "No. She progressed behind enemy lines and then wrote to us that she was staying for an "extended period. She's impetuous. I think you may know something about that. Anyway, I'm sorry "Dairon is not here. What are you inquiring about?" "Ah. Well, there is Tubo. Tubo is quite an accomplished monk of the Cobalt Soul and might be "able to help you, whereas Dairon could not." You've seen Tubo. You've not directly interacted, because Tubo, much like Dairon, works on a higher level. You hadn't quite garnished the attention beyond just being "that brat" for a while. Tubo is this very dark-skinned halfling with very short, widow's peak-type hair, and this very calm smile about him. Very well-respected, but you haven't really seen him move or do anything other than walking through the archive and be present. You don't know. "All right. I shall return. Good seeing you again." Zeenoth's patient smile fades as he turns. Within a short time, you see coming from down the same staircase, Tubo, his arms folded in front of him as he descends and turns toward you. "So you "are Beauregard, correct?" "And you're looking for training while your expositor is away, correct?" "Follow me." Zeenoth, who's a little bit behind, goes, "I'll accompany him in his reading, if that's all right?" "We've met, in Trostenwald." "Hello. Please, lead the way to where you'd wish to read." All right. Tubo brings you to a chamber you haven't been in in a while, which is the formal training grounds beneath the archive. There is a set of double doors in the far end that blend in mostly with the dark wood that a lot of the bookcases are crafted out of. It leads you down a set of stairs into what is essentially a training pit with very heavily packed sand and dirt, and there are a number of wooden poles that emerge from beneath that have all sorts of skewed extensions. This is where a lot of forms are practiced and a lot of defensive maneuvers are utilized. You were brought through in this area for training in waves time and again, but it's been a while since you've been down here, since you've been abroad, and there's no other people there training currently. Tubo brings you down. "Very well. Show me what you've got." For the sake of brevity-- Yes. Roll up a new character. Tubo splatters you across the wall. You spar for a bit, showing him the limits of your capabilities, and he's deftly, with a smile on his face, dodging, parrying. You get a few good hits in and he backs away. "Very good," and then begins to overwhelm you with his assault, but never enough to inflict pain, just enough to throw you off your guard until a moment he turns around and puts his hands up into a cross once more and goes, "Four days. I "need four days with you." "And then your training for now is complete." "Day one begins. Time to read." He takes you back upstairs and begins to collect books and throw them into a pile and sits you down. You begin reading and it's getting frustrated, but as you're reading, Tubo begins to lean in and say, "As you're reading, think carefully about what you're trying to find. What "you're trying to learn." What are you looking to research? For the portion of this day, Tubo begins to instruct you on how to not just read and research, but in focusing your spiritual energy on the specific things you're searching, you begin to find quick ways to Johnny 5 through tomes to find what you're looking for. With this comes your ability to spend a ki point to gain advantage on an investigation check. Day two comes around and he brings you down to the subterranean chamber for more training. This time, he begins to show you how to use that same internal, spiritual energy or ki at the moment of impact to give off this very localized wave of spiritual energy. He begins to tell you how, "This can break through defenses of things that are meant to not be touched with a mortal "hand. This is intended as a way to bypass sometimes the mundane protections." Through this training, he teaches you how use your empowered strikes, where now your physical fists and attacks as a monk are considered magical. Yes, you can now punch ghosts. Day three, he brings you down to the chamber with a chair, and says, "Sit." "Tell me. Tell me a secret." "Kind of. Do you want to tell me a secret?" "No." He looks frustrated, turns around, does a little loop, comes back, and as you're about to speak up again, he does a series of quick hits that hurt a little, but that catch you right in the clavicle, the side of throat, and then right under the chin. As you pull back, make a saving throw for me, please. This would be a charisma saving throw, I believe. He begins to ask you questions about your youth and your family history-- things you don't normally talk about with anybody. Outside of stopping yourself from speaking at all, you're on the verge of constantly giving up the information. He teaches you, "This is a technique that allows "you to pull the truth from those that would not be so forthcoming. It is situationally very useful, "and I will show this to you." And so he teaches you the Extort Truth ability. On the fourth and final day, he leads you down and begins to show you how to use your ki capabilities, your spiritual energy, to blend it with moments of adrenaline bursts to give yourself a moment of reactionary time where previously you would have expended any capability of preparing yourself for an assault. As he puts you through hours of this rigorous training, he goes, "Very well. The time to show "what you can do has come." Claps. You watch as two other monks come down. (laughs) But they have bows and arrows, and they have a third one they hand to him. They all nock the arrows and aim them right at you. Yeah. Tubo goes, "Fire." All three arrows come toward you. That's a 19 to hit. Okay. That's another 19, actually. And that is a 23. So all three hit you. The first arrow is ten points of damage. Yes, you can. Ten. You catch one arrow. Correct. Okay. You take one point of damage. You just barely catch it. It manages to nick the side of your shoulder. The two other arrows are coming at you as well. Okay, you can do that now, if you have another reaction. You don't have to spend a ki point to reduce the damage. You spend a ki point to throw it back. You spend the same ki point. Roll for damage reduction on the next one. That's 12 points of damage. You catch both arrows. The third one is coming towards you. Spend another ki point. That's two ki points now. You get to roll to reduce the third one. Yeah, that one does no damage. You catch one arrow out of the air. It just barely nicks your shoulder. The other one you catch just as it scrapes past the side of your arm. The third one you catch in the middle of the air with no impact. In the blink of an eye, you've deflected all three arrows shot at the same time. "I did. And with that, your training is complete." "No!" He hands the shortbow to the other one and they all head back upstairs. "Impressive. Dairon was not wrong about you." "That you are an apt pupil. Now, our time is done. I have things to do. And four days with you "has been more than enough." He makes his way back up and escorts you out of the training chamber. So during this time, Caleb? Make an investigation check with advantage to find all the right information. So, on that specific thing, you learn about the Kryn Dynasty, which is the Xhorhasian society that exists in the ruins of Ghor Dranas. You know that most of them were drow, dark elf, from what you've heard and the ones you've interacted with. Now, the drow were brethren alongside all elves in the past history until their minds were corrupted and swayed by the terrible silver tongue of Lolth the Spider Queen, one of the Betrayer Gods. Under her will, they became deceptive, cruel, and violent. When the Betrayer Gods were defeated and banished during the Calamity, and the Divergence that separated the mortal realm from the gods that once threatened to destroy it entirely, the drow returned to their subterranean cities to rebuild their power far from the burning light of day. Much of the recent studies into current drow society across Exandria speak of growing paranoia and madness that's seeping in with the believed influence of Tharizdun, the Chained Oblivion. Whether it be by proximity of remnants of his power deep beneath the surface that have grown close to these societies, but there is whispers and research that say that some of these dark elf societies are being driven slowly mad by this influence. Strangely, what studies you've been able to find that talk about penetrating the Kryn Dynasty's intense boundaries-- I fucking looked at you immediately, Laura, because I knew where it was going. Of course. As soon as I read the word I was like-- Without fail. We missed you. But for those who were able to move past the boundaries to research more of what little is known of the Kryn Dynasty, there is little in iconography under Lolth or Tharizdun. And what remains of that is ancient and crumbling and largely ignored by the society. There's nothing about beacons, nothing about reincarnation. However, it does speak of the dynasty worshiping something other, something that is new and dangerous as far as the Cobalt Soul is concerned, with what little research they have. They refer to it as "The Luxon" and seek to bring all under its burning banner. They've rallied to the surface of Ghor Dranas, casting the skies in eternal midnight that spreads with their dominion. They've begun taking the ravenous hordes of beast-men and terrors of the Xhorhasian wastes, and indoctrinate them under this new false god. You also learn that a number of people, mostly children of adolescent age, have been found abducted in the night by the Kryn on occasion, though the number has steeply grown this past generation, years after the first open conflicts with the Kryn began. The last thing you discover is the leader of the dynasty is known as Empress Leylas Kryn. She is called an "umavi" by them, though the word's meaning is unknown by current research. Accounts of the Empress speak of her as a powerful and dangerous warrior on the battlefield. And well over 600 years old or more, as records date back that far since she arrived in local history. That's what you've discovered about the Kryn Dynasty and Xhorhas. Make an investigation check. The things you discover, from what's available to you in the archive time is a constant, the motion moving forward unyielding. Some powerful arcane influences can accelerate or slow the rate at which time passes locally, even stop it. There are some stories from the Age of Arcanum that speak of the greatest of sages experimenting with reversing the forward momentum of time, and supposedly with some success. But the process apparently was so taxing and the energies required so extensive that it nearly killed those who passed through this natural flow. That's as much as you can pick up on the specific research involving that shift of time. They're more footnotes and like a, "We don't mess with that because those who tried have mostly been "disintegrated or destroyed in the process." Yes, but they existed close to 1500 years ago. The names that were in there are none that correlate to anything you'd recognize. I'll send you those notes later. You do pick up, because of your very high roll, there are apparently some newer arcane experiments regarding time and reality being fielded within the Soltryce Academy in Rexxentrum. A newer magical energy seems to have been discovered, or rediscovered, that can seemingly adjust such properties with ease. It's being referred to as "Dunamis." But other than that, there's very little information because all that seems to be proprietary within the Academy. Okay, Fjord, what else would you like to do? I was like, are you sure that's all you want to do? The eye, where it sits in the hilt-- and it only sits on one side, it's not both sides that contain the eye, because there aren't two pupils. There is a singular eye that is embedded in it, that is looking out what would essentially be towards the left. No, it's near the crossguard, in the center of the hilt. When you look at it, it doesn't seem to move or shift or pay any attention. Practicing the next few days and trying some things out, you focus some of your arcane gifts towards an object, casting Witch Bolt towards a nearby rock or low, dried, and forgotten trunk of a tree. At the moment the incantation begins, the eye shifts to look towards the target of the spell. The spell explodes and you look back at the hilt, and it's already reverted back to where it was before. But it did seem to react to when the spell was cast. Sure, all right. So you make your way to The Evening Nip. By the time you've returned, it's been the better part of the two-week period of time, and you guys are also generally worried the fact that Fjord just vanished during this time period. Big surprise. (poof sound) You make your way to the subterranean basement of The Evening Nip. The Gentleman is not currently present, but upon asking around, and you wait for about 20 minutes or so, he does return from the storage room to the side where you had previously been led down and through the Underworks. As he comes in, he sees you and sits on the other side of the table, throwing his leg over one side and sitting at a very comfortable and casual way across from you. "Fjord, I'm being "told that you're looking for me." "I have some reaches in places, yes. That's quite a scope you're requesting. I would say it's "a good bet that most criminal elements you would encounter there are not at my network, except for "a handful. It might be more useful to you to know the ones to trust." "Okay. Port Damali, you say?" "Really?" "The jewel of the coast. I've been a number of times, though it's been years since I've been "able to leave my work here alone. So if you're looking to expand your portfolio beyond Zadash, "that is commendable. The one contact I could recommend in Port Damali would be Father Dwondaff Pierce." "Dwarven fellow. Scraggly in the face. Dresses well. He helms the Pearl Shrine, a house "of worship to Avandra, the Changebringer. Tell him that you bring many gifts." "Should you not work with Father Pierce and his network, be careful. You could easily find "yourself on an opposing side to my business, and I do not take kindly to betrayal." "That I do." "If something comes to mind, I'll send it your way." "And if anything comes to mind that would be of interest to my ears, business or otherwise, "please keep me informed." "Of course." Then he goes off to get a drink at the bar. As you turn around, right there at the steps is Cree, the dark-furred tabaxi. She approaches and goes, "I'm sorry to bother you, I "noticed you descend here. I have heard since your last arrival that there were losses in your journey." "I have had a number of uncomfortable dreams in the week, and... I cannot sense Lucien." Make a persuasion check. "They are cold and sad. I just see him alone, and I've tried to focus. He is not nearby. "I have a very hollow feeling about this." "That was what I was fearing." "That is all right. Thank you for your honesty. It is hard for him to be gone for so "long, then come back, and so swiftly go again. Maybe I had put too much faith." "We of the Task Takers, we were undergoing a ritual that he had orchestrated with an ally of "his, a woman of magical renown. He said that this was something that was meant to lead us to this "city he promised, a place where we could learn of a great many powers and secrets. We believed him. "He was very charismatic in his cruelty at times. But he did not survive." Two years. I wasn't expecting to see him this last time. I feel like whatever grace brought him back to us, maybe it was your carelessness that took him from us again. It is all right. I have started a new life here, and it has been serving me well. Such are these days. Thank you for your candor. She turns around and walks away. Okay. You guys have all gathered up at The Leaky Tap? All right, what do you want to do? Roll a wisdom check for me. Okay. You've spent so much of your life in the tranquility of the cold and quiet Savalierwood, and even in the most nature-based portion of the city of Zadash, the general din and chaos of the city is too distracting. You're unable to reach that meditative state where you're able to feel connected with nature and with the Wildmother, so Melora's guidance does not come to you. You have to continue to throw your lot in with these strange folks that dragged you out of your home. All right. Okay. You're able to attune to it and gain the benefits of a Cloak of Elvenkind. Well, you'll have to decide which ones you're going to do. There is the Raven's Den, which sits near the Ossuary Gates-- All righty. There is the Hearth of the Allhammer, which you've messed with as well a little bit during the festival. There's the Valley Archive of the Cobalt Soul. While it is both an archive, it is also a temple to the Knowing Mistress. There is the King's Hall, which is the center of law, and of course that's where the law master is you've spoken with a couple of times. That's where you've done your jobs off the Taskboard. Yeah, there's a lot of guards there. There's the Platinum House, which is a temple to the Platinum Dragon. That also exists in the Interstead Sprawl. Not too far from Steam's Respite, which is the bathhouse. The Platinum Dragon. There's also in the Signet Wall, which is the military district, there is The Shrine of the Dawn, which is to the Dawnfather. It's up to you. Okay, Platinum House it is. As you approach, this beautiful but small white building is draped in deep blue tapestries, while a reflective mirrored sphere sits atop the roof during the day. I think you've passed by and seen it before when you were traversing the city. Are you going at day or nighttime? Okay. The inside is open archways and floor spaces. They're made available for worship, but also used for meditation. There are a few folks in there that are quietly, eyes closed, taking in the atmosphere of the interior. There's areas for reading and there's areas for napping and sleeping. Of the Bahamut worshiping that goes on in places you've seen on the Menagerie Coast, this one is a little more New Age-y than you're used to. About noonish when you arrive, there is a sermon beginning, where there is the Herald of the House, which is a silver-scaled dragonborn in his older years. He looks very tired and as withered as a dragonborn can through their silver scales. He's in the process of giving this very deeply empowering speech about, "The majesty of Bahamut "bestows upon us the knowledge and the grace in which we can be beacons of truth and justice in a "world that wishes to swallow all with chaos." But yeah, the midday stakeout appears to go well. What do you wish to do? He's there most of the day, and in the evening he appears to go nap somewhere within the Platinum House. Okay, make an investigation check. Sure, sure. There's a couple entrances, some hallways. There is in the center, yeah. It's not built on the floor. It's actually held aloft in the central domed archway right beneath where that glowing dome at the top is. At nighttime, as you've seen it, it emits this faint, white glow and is this beacon in the middle of the darkened city, aside from the various bits of torchlight that hit the streets. Beneath this dome, you see the large, carved-- looks like a pure platinum, but it's probably a polished silver-- statue of the dragon, wings outstretched, looking down over the chambers and hovers about 15 feet off the ground, where all the rest of the folks gather for this sermon and/or sit there to meditate and pray and worship. Yeah, at night, there are less people. What do you disguise yourself to be? You guys approach in the evening, together? Are you disguising yourself as well? Okay. Jester, now taking the elderly form of a silver-scaled, very well-respected, Herald of the House Kumas. You approach the temple a few hours after sundown, to where the interest in worship tends to fade as folks go back to home. It's mostly just a few caretakers that watch it through the night and some lost souls that have found their way there in the evening and they need guidance. Make a deception check with disadvantage, because you didn't even use his name. That I've said twice. Deception. Okay. Of the six individuals that are here, there are two that actually are of the temple. There are four that are here, meditation. One looks like a young man, looking like he might be on hard times and has tear marks on his face where he may have been looking up to the statue and revelling. The four people that were attending see you and, "Oh," and they get up and start gathering their things. The two that work at the temple are confused, look at each other, and look at you, and begin to walk towards you. No, they're wearing tabards that are mostly a silver-white color with the symbol of Bahamut, the blue with the silver dragon. They're simply dressed. They're the caretakers of the temple, low-level priests of the Platinum Dragon. As they approach, one of them looks to be a mid-30s human male, male-pattern baldness taking a large portion of his shorter, blond hair. The other one appears to be a half-elven man as well. He looks younger, but looks can be deceiving with half-elves. They both approach with a somewhat concerned look and the half-elf speaks up first and goes, "I'm sorry, "you said that the Holy Father needs the room cleared?" Make a perception check. Looking around, there are bowls throughout the room. Most of them appear to be empty, a few of them have a few knick-knacks thrown in there. They may have been things that people left as a gift or an offering. A few copper, one of them could even have a silver. You don't see any other boxes. It looks like they're cleared out fairly frequently. Okay. Triple-checking if Mage Hand has-- Well, Disguise Self remains cast. However, Mage Hand, if I recall, may have-- Correct, but it's verbal and somatic, so as they're approaching, you look back and forth and begin casting a spell. As this is happening, they both go, "Uh--" "I wasn't aware you had an assistant?" Make a deception check. One of them goes, "Oh, of course, my apologies, Your Grace," and the human leaves. The half-elf still seems dubious. "Your Grace, you seem to be rather weary. Perhaps I should stay and "make sure you need help." "I'll be quiet." "Of course, Your Grace." The half-elf leaves, but his eyes don't deviate. He appears to leave the room. There's open archways that lead down long hallways, and they all appear to have left the hallways. Okay, so your Invoke Duplicity's there, and you-- the Platinum Dragon's about 15 feet up. Make an athletics check. Using very minute ledges that are carved out of the various temple pillars that hold up and maintain the weight of the beautiful archways that mark the top part of the temple, you tiny rock climb with the finger strength that only Jester has in this whole group setup, and make your way up carefully-- one, two-- leap and then grab onto the Platinum Dragon. It hangs back and forth a bit, and you can now see-- what you can't see from far down is there are two sets of chains that hold it aloft up in the temple. It is free hanging and now you're rocking back and forth. Make a stealth check. Okay. You begin painting rainbow colors and pulling out all your various pigments and the platinum begins to give way to a Technicolor vomit nightmare. As you're getting to the mustache, you hear many, many footfalls approaching and a voice saying, "Yeah, just this way, I--" Okay. As he's in the middle of talking, (thud). Make an acrobatics check, because it's a 15-foot drop. Wow, okay. A three-point landing in the middle. You're still-- But there's also the Invoke Duplicity of him there, so there's one, he goes, "That's the--" (thud), "What? Huh?" They give chase. They go, "After whoever that is!" There are now five crownsguard and two members of the House giving chase down one of the hallways. Make a perception check to look around you, as this is happening rather rapidly. As you're rushing down, you look and there's two open doorways. One of them appears to be a dark interior, the other appears to lead to some sort of candlelight. The hall's coming to an end ahead of you. Right or left, which way are you going? There's two open doorways. One is dark on the inside, the other seems to have candlelight from the interior. All right, you duck into the dark room. Yeah. The footfalls are coming faster and faster behind you, and Nott, you're noticing that they're drawing weapons and one of them appears to be pulling out some sort of a bead out of their pocket. That's all you notice. Well, they all immediately stop and look behind at you. There's five crownsguard and then two members of the church. Make a stealth check, please. You think you may be hidden. They turn and look at you. "What?" Make a deception check. As they're all looking, the one that had the bead goes-- throws it your direction. That's an 18 to hit. Okay. Let me look this up again. I wasn't expecting it to go this way. I'm going to double-check. You make a dexterity saving throw. Okay, so you don't take any force damage. However, this sphere of translucent force has completely encapsulated you. And you're just slowly rolling back, like (rumbling). Two of the guards come over to flank it, the other three continue their travel with the two members of the church, so there's five. They then duck into the dark room where you are, as one of them lights a torch to light up the chamber. Now you quickly made your way through, this is a storage chamber, and on the inside you can see there's a bunch of candles, there's a bunch of statues and things that are used in various ceremonies. There's a number of wooden hanging rods, that they place a lot of vestments on that are not used. They're for more formal events and celebrations and holidays. You have put your way into a corner between one of these boxes and some of the raiments in the hope that you won't be seen. They are going to make a very thorough investigation of the room. They begin to slowly look through. One of the members of the church, after the first 30 seconds of not finding anyone, darts off. So there's only four in the chamber, he's going to look elsewhere. The crownsguard begin to peek through, lifting up pieces of equipment, lifting up the tops of storage containers. The room's about 15 by ten feet, it's not a very large room. Okay, so roll again. Oh! You do. You take 5d4 points of force damage. Five, seven, eight. You take 11 points of force damage. So this is equivalent essentially to an Otiluke's Resilient Sphere. You're in a hamster ball, but the two guards that are right there are flanking it and holding it in place so you can't move. Okay. As one of them turns, and just manages to pull the raiments aside, revealing your face. "Uh, I found them!" (whoosh) "Wait. No, she was right-- He was right, I-- Spread out!" And they all begin to scatter out into the hallways now. You move-- Correct. So with Blink, at the start of your next turn, you return within ten feet of where you vanished. So go ahead and roll. No, thank you. Keep her honest on that one. So your form flickers for a moments as the spell kicks in. However you vanish, "Spread out!" You're right back in place. "Wait!" and they go ahead-- You cast Charm Person? All right, it-- Okay, so you can target three creatures at 3rd-level. There are-- Four in the room total. Oh, no. Because there are two guards against him, so there's three after her. Yes, that's crownsguard. And then one left so there are four in there. There's three crownsguard and one member of the house. Who do you attack? All right, so they have advantage on this save, because you are technically in opposition on this one. So the first crownsguard, with advantage. That's going to be a 14. What's the DC? 15, he fails. Other one, two sixes in a row fail! The third one, two and-- No, they all fail! Even with advantage. So the three crownsguard come in and are like, "Have you seen where this person went? "Apparently someone's masquerading as you." "We'll go check." SAM and The three crownsguard turn around and rush off to find it, while the member of the house, the half-elf from earlier, is like, "Nobody? That's-- That's him! Ugh." and is going to rush to try and grab you. Go ahead and roll another d20. Five. No, it's going to go for a full grapple. It's an athletics check. Okay. That is going to be a 16. I believe that's a success. Yeah, 13 plus three. However, it does come in and go to grapple you and hold you in place. So you're currently now being held in this form by the entity. You can try and break free by doing an athletics check. Okay, try it. Your athletics check. 12, you are grappled. However go ahead and roll another d20 because your Blink spell is still active. You vanish out of their grasp. "What the?! How?" Begins to just-- Pushing things over and looking around for wherever you may have gone. Next round, you appear ten feet from where you were. Where do you want to appear? You appear in the doorway. The three guard are in the other chamber, and they are currently-- You can now see into the other room where you didn't run and it looks to be the bedchambers of the actual Kumas. You can hear him like, "What's going on? I was trying to sleep." They're like, "Ah, sir, "there's a-- Wait." As you go running down the hallway, at this point-- The two other crownsguard, who are currently guarding Nott-- you see now Nott is encapsulated in this bubble and is like, "Ah!" and one of them is pulling out chains and cuffs on them, and they're preparing to essentially arrest Nott once this bubble goes away. They both turn around in the middle of this scuffle, and see you running towards them. With advantage, one of them succeeds two 17's in a row. The other-- The other one fails, a seven and a one. So one of them just looks at you and smiles. The one holding the chains for Nott. The other one pulls a blade. Make a deception check with disadvantage. The blade is pulled out and goes, "We're sorry, sir. We were called in here. There was "apparently a disturbance and we found this one. We are preparing arrest." "Well, good. Hopefully they'll go ahead and catch them. We have to wait for this one." The one you charmed goes, "Well, I'll go ahead and find out," and then walks over to help them while the one who resisted the charm just sits there and takes the chains from him and is now waiting for Nott to get out. By the way, roll a d20. The other person from the house comes by, the half-elf, and says "You fool! That's the one "that's been--" Now the actual Herald of the House comes out. He's got his pajamas on, and he's like, "What's going-- What's this?" Go ahead and roll a d20. Add your wisdom modifier. Bubble vanishes. Nott, you fall to your feet. The guy with the chains is going to go ahead and reach out to attempt to grapple you with them. Make an acrobatics check. That was cocked. Yes. 17? 15. You slip out of it in time. Roll a d20. Seven; okay. You guys start bolting. At this point you can hear footsteps coming from the other entrance hall as more folks are coming in to join the chaos, what are you doing? Just full dash? All right, Laura, roll a d20. As you are running, Jester disappears. Everyone behind you has eyes on you, and you're about to come back into the center of the temple where there are two hallways that exit to the front and the back. The right and the left both exit the temple, but you also hear footsteps coming from somewhere. What are you doing? Okay. Using your bonus action, you scoot past, turn left, and see two crownsguard that are approaching now, hearing this commotion, and you scoot past them. "Hey!" They're unable to catch up to you, you're too fast, but they're giving chase. Laura, you reappear ten feet from where you were. You are now again in the center of the temple, and there's a wave of people rushing towards you. There's now two crownsguard rushing towards the direction where Nott is, and you see Nott tearing ass away. Yep! Okay. Now there are multiple copies of the Herald of the House Kumas. It's an army of old dudes, old dragonborns. That would be to the right, the opposite direction that Nott went. You charge that direction. You move the rest of your movement that way 30 feet. Roll another d20. Yeah, they all do, because you're not present. Nott, you've managed to make it out into the street now. You are now out of the temple. Make a stealth check to see if you can manage to lose the folks that are chasing you into the street. You manage to dodge over a few rain barrels on the side, dart down one alleyway, and circle around once and duck beneath a parked wagon. You're pretty sure they've lost you. They're now starting to scatter and give orders off in different directions. You've caused quite a commotion. Jester, you've returned into place. Your first time using Blink and you're like, "Oh god! "What's happening?!" Yep. That's a full 60 feet of movement as you're rushing down the other hallway. You hear the voices behind you shouting, "There he is! Keep going! How are there so many of him?! What's "going on?!" Roll another d20. You keep running and make your way out now into the night air. Okay, you drop Blink, spell's gone. The guards are now rushing up and coming to the edge of the exit and they can see you now. You could try, but they still have eyes trained on you. You've got to try and find a way to break eye contact with them, but they're pretty trained on you right now. You do get it twice. You get Channel Divinity twice. That's right! The Cloak of Shadows thing? All right, cool. As they're chasing, you Channel Divinity. You give a silent little whispered prayer to the Traveler to give you the opportunity to escape. You vanish. You are invisible for the next six seconds. Okay, and with that, you duck around into a little nook on the outside of an abode or home that's placed here on the outside of the temple. In that moment, make a stealth check with advantage, because you're invisible. Okay. (laughter) With that, you manage to slowly blend back into the night chaos. Oh, yeah! I'll say that, within the next couple of days, word has gotten around the city of Zadash, to the point where some of the town criers are talking about, "Terrible vandalism! Platinum "Dragon nearly ruined by upstarts and secret cabal of anti-religious hate!" As your evening comes to a close and you go back to The Leaky Tap to go for a rest, you have a moment to yourself to think and have a moment to breathe and gain a little bit of calm. You sense a presence. Sitting on the bed next to you, you see the familiar dark green cloak. "I did." "I was never disappointed in the first place, Jester." The hood still obscuring most of the face, just the lower jaw and mouth visible. "I did." "You don't need to see me to know that I'm with you. And you're free now." "As long as you continue to be that wonderful little seed of joy and chaos in the "world, I'll be walking behind you the entire time." "Not within my power, no." "I do appreciate your artwork." "You're improving. Keep meeting new people. Tell them of what we have accomplished. We want "more friends, don't we?" "Do you think I could have a look at that strange relic?" "The one that you procured from that Xhorhasian warrior." He extends his hand and takes it and looks to it. You see the side of the mouth of the Traveler curl into an amused smirk. "Curious. "Curious, indeed." "I don't think I've ever come across magic like that." "I don't know. I've not come across it before. I'm interested, definitely. Be careful "with that. Things that are unknown are notably able to draw dangerous and inquiring eyes and minds." "I think you should." "There are more like you out there." "Well, I am worth worshipping, after all." "But you are my favorite." "I hope that maybe you could all meet someday." "Perhaps sometime next year. For the day of the Zenith in Undillar. Yes, I think that." "They all speak to me." The hand reaches out and touches yours. You can feel the contact, but it's strangely cold. You blink, and the Traveler's gone. All right. Yeah. Now, let's take a break. I didn't realize the time had gone by quite so far. My apologies, people. I know, it's crazy. We won't have quite as long a second half. Probably much at all. But yeah, we'll take a break here. For those who are interested in being part of the giveaway tonight, we have this fantastic cherry dice tower system with cartography from our fantastic, talented friend, Deven Rue, who did our Wildemount campaign guide. It has this really awesome leather dragon face bind to it. The cartography that's been burned into it that is gorgeous. So this dice tower-- oh, it smells good. You can be a part of this-- apparently this is on Kickstarter now, so you can check that out with our friends at Wyrmwood as part of the giveaway. You have to head over to the Critical Role chatroom on Twitch, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole to enter. The keyword tonight-- which you only enter once, any more than that and you'll get disqualified-- the keyword is "chapter." Just the word "chapter." We'll come back from the break with one winner, here, announced, so we'll see you here in a few minutes. [break] It works out okay. Having all spent the majority of these two weeks handling your business, wandering through Zadash and beyond, returning, what do you wish to do? You guys have regathered in the Leaky Tap. The Menagerie Coast. You don't. Are you drinking from a Caduceus mug? I love that. That's amazing. You see as the blade now is this unique merger of the falchion shape and size, but now holds this golden tint of the Summer's Dance. It curves towards the edge and has a slight pointed jagged arch in the back that the scimitar had previously held. But still contains the barnacle-encrusted pattern across the hilt and there in the center still is the central yellow gleaming eye. No, that's what would have happened if it actually came out of your pee-hole. Anyway. Best use of Sending ever. Yasha's somewhere just going like, (sighs). All right, have you guys decided to start making your way to the Menagerie Coast? Yeah, easy enough. Pumat's there. "Yeah, we worked real hard on this one, so I hope you enjoy "what we've imbued into this previously-not-very-interesting weapon to make it "just a whole lot more interesting." "Do you want to request a ribbon? We've got multiple colors." Green and gold. "By definition, respectfully, not an incorrect statement." "Very well." He does this little nice bow. "Oh, quite literally, the very least I can do." It's a plus one. Hit and damage. Plus one handaxe. No worries. It would be a detour. There we go, there it is. Correct. Okay. The Ruby of the Sea has been placed in as your forwarding service. As you've reconvened, are there any last materials you need to pick up for the journey, or are you ready to move? Okay. Caduceus' hat replaced. Basic level one. Caduceus can now-- Caduceus can make one healing potion for 25 gold and one day of downtime. She had better options by then. Yeah, don't miss those days. It's like, "Oh, you can teleport anywhere? Cool, let me just prepare the world every week." Don't miss that at all. All right. Goddamn it, Sam. You gather your supplies, finish your business here for the time being. You gather up your new cart that you brought down from Shadycreek Run. And your horses, which are two that pull the cart, and you have-- Correct, you have your two horses and the cart. That's enough. So your two horses and your cart. You leave the southern gates of Zadash, making your way southward, retracing your steps down through Alfield and Trostenwald, to eventually make your way through the Wuyun Gorge, the Wuyun Gates, where you two first began this journey in session zero, and southward to the Menagerie Coast beyond. And that's where we'll finish tonight's episode, we'll pick up with that next week. This is going to be a whole different flavor, I'm excited. Well, shit. All right! We'll pick up for that next week. As a reminder, the week after that, Marisha, myself, and Taliesin will be out in the thing in the desert. Unavailable. Indisposed. However, that doesn't mean that we're going dark. There will be a special one-shot happening that week. The last Thursday of August. More details to come as far as that's concerned. Just preparing you guys for that. There will be a week off from the main story. We'll be back next week to see this next leg of the journey and see where it takes us. In the interim, thank you again, D&D Beyond. Thank you guys for coming along with us. No. We're done.