Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Like that. Before we jump into tonight's episode, we have some quick announcements to get through. First off, we have two fantastic sponsors for tonight's episode! Our good friends for the whole campaign, D&D Beyond, which we'll get to in just a second, and tonight a recurring friend who's come by to say hi for this episode, our friends at Backblaze. Sam? Its second appearance now on Critical Role. Get to it, Critters. (laughter) Bow bow! Jesus. It's the five golden rings thing. You can't resist it. Next week, guys, we are in New York. We are at New York Comic Con with our live show next Thursday. Tickets are still available. It's at the United Palace in Washington Heights next Thursday the 4th. They're available now via Ticketmaster. You don't need a badge to the convention to attend, it's completely offsite and a separate entity, so come join us! If you're attending New York Comic Con be sure to pick up a presale ticket to come meet us at the convention as well, we have panels going on, it's going to be crazy. You can find all the events and information for it at critrole.com/events. We also have a bunch of shows that are all happening now! All developed and put to the test and given creation from our fantastic creative director, Marisha Ray. I know. The latest episode of Between the Sheets, starring our fantastic Travis Willingham, aired this Monday-- it was great-- is now available on YouTube. If you didn't get a chance to see it then or subscribe to our Twitch, it's on YouTube now for free. Go watch it, it's really great. Yes, that's right, the podcast as well. It's true, that happens all the time. Laura will be the next guest on Between the Sheets next week, so you get to look for that next Monday on twitch.tv/criticalrole. There you go. That'll be live at 700pm this coming Monday at twitch.tv/criticalrole, or you can watch it on YouTube the following Wednesday. Our newest show, All Work No Play, are these two buggers who have returned, too. Tomorrow night, also at 700pm Pacific here at twitch.tv/criticalrole. Look for that, it's a continuation of their grand podcast from ages past. It's real special. I'm sure that's an old AOL chat room that no one wants to go to. But yeah, tomorrow night, look forward to that. Let's see, merch, Laura, you have some announcements? All right then, guys. I believe that's the end of my announcements, unless you have anything to add to that. I think it's time for us to get into this heroic adventure, and as a celebration of other real heroes in this world, some by the name of Christine. Let's take our way down to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [TV static, click] [groovy Critical Role theme] Yeah. Bought some pets along the way, lost some pets along the way, but you met the Ruby of the Sea. You aided her in absolving herself of the stress of having a really, unfortunately aggressive admirer who was becoming a serious problem, so you told him to stop by cutting off his hand and sending him away forever. Then you went to inquire the docks at night, looking for an individual named Marius LePual. You stealthed you way there, began to formulate a plan to listen in. Unfortunately, due to a not quite as quiet attempt at entering the water, garnished their attention. A not quite effective attempt at deceiving them triggered them to realize that they were being followed and proceeded to try and cover their tracks and take out those who would be following them. That led to a scuffle in the battlefield of the docks here in the wharf where you alerted the guards, managed to take down these shadowy figures, captured Marius LePual, and hijacked their ship called The Mist, where you managed to leave the docks out into the night air, the moonlit open night. You had just managed to take down a few figures that remained on the ship, a few things were burned in the process. The chaos was palpable. Caduceus managed to swim out to you guys in time to make it onto the ship, and where we left off, you all had taken a moment, and some of you began to head back into the ship to see what lied within. Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? Jester, I think, was rushing down. Who's heading down? Jester and Nott? Who else? Okay, and Caleb. Caduceus, you're staying up. Yasha's-- Yasha steps over to you, Caduceus, and she puts a hand to your shoulder and she goes, "Glad you're okay." "You keep finding me. Or they do." Yasha stands up, looks back towards you guys, goes over and takes a rope and begins helping you guys hold onto the sails, watching you and figuring out what to do. None of you have ever really run a boat before. Well, she's just helping you out with whatever you need on the ship. Okay, make an investigation check. Okay, glancing over the side where the Fireball had impacted, a lot of the wood is charred black. There is visible sign of burning. Nothing is on fire, but there was a flash-burn. Some of the wood right around the edge of the deck is broken and splintered in a bit and part of the sail underneath was burned and singed. Not enough to the point where it tore it away from the mast. But there is visible damage, but nothing that impedes your movement. Just more aesthetic damage. You guys head down. Jester, as you're the first person down, the first thing you notice is at the bottom of the steps, you see the fellow with the axe stuck in him and he's on his stomach and slowly crawling forward. He looks over his shoulder. You see the blood streaks down the side of his face and-- (groaning) begins to crawl quicker away from you. (groaning) His fingernails are scraping against the wood floor. That's when he passes out. Okay. He's just like, "Ugh." Nott, as you rush up to the shadowed deck of The Mist, the moonlight still coming down, you can see the outer shape of the still-damp Caduceus, legs tucked into his shoulder, leaning back against the inside of the left hand of the deck, or what would be considered the port side. The quarters of this ship, it's designed to be not a comfortable ship, but a fast ship. The crew's quarters and the deck below was called-- for bigger ships, it'd be the gun deck, but it's where the cabin is. It's pretty tight for a human. Caduceus, you're have to really bend and stoop down to make your way through. But as you come down, you find both Jester and Caleb currently sitting around an unconscious enforcer, one of the cloaked figures that was involved with the crew that previously had this ship. Okay. Okay. Okay, you yank it out and there's a streak of blood and you watch as what would be the open axe wound begins to slowly seal itself up to the point where it's still going to be healing for a while, but it scabbed over instantaneously. Okay. Caduceus heads back upstairs. The person comes to consciousness immediately as the axe is pulled. (gasping) You get a better look at him now. You can see scruffed, probably unshaven for the past two weeks, coming out in tufts. It looks like there are parts where the hair isn't growing in because there's scarring or some sort of heavy acne at a younger age prevented those follicles from developing. Pockmarked face, weathered from sun and perpetual sunburns. You can see the actual hair itself is a matted, greasy mess of a light brown color. Looks like the kind of person you'd imagine lives at sea and not in a very monetarily comfortable income. "What's that? Who the fuck are you?" "Just following orders, sorry." "I don't know anything about that." "We were delivering a message, picking up a message." "Well--" In his position right now, he's being trepidatious in giving you information. The more you're prying, the more he's closing off and his words are trailing off. "I don't--" Make an intimidation check. 18. His whole body tenses, his eyes dart around the three of you and then slackens and he exhales in a sense of resignation. "You know what? Fuck, I'll tell you what you want. Anything you "need to know. Just-- can you let me go? Drop me back off in town or something?" "Yeah, well, it's not worth it." He sits up and you see that he's bruised and even though he's been healed, he's not used to the aftermath of physical confrontation the way you guys are. He's like (groaning), leans up against the table a bit and puts his back against it so he's leaning against the leg and top of it. (groaning) "This is The Mist. We're a sister ship to Captain Avantika's. Our captain was Captain "Jawgrasp, but I take it you probably killed him too." "Well, it makes sense. We're not supposed to leave any survivors who've seen what they "shouldn't have seen. General business." "Just don't want to be followed. It's part of our directive." "More or less. We'll just say we're not keen on the taxation and enforcement of the Concord on "these seas. So we do what we feel is necessary." "Yeah." "The Squalleater, that's her ship." LAURA, MATT, and "Primarily it was maps to locations of things that were important. For our travels." "Like things that-- I wasn't the navigator! I didn't know specifically, but I was told to "burn everything." You rummaged through and found a few things. Most of it's scrap and ash, or blank sheets that look like they were scribbled notes in a code that you don't really understand. This is the only visible thing. "We were sent by Avantika to head back to Nicodranas, and we're supposed to wait for about a "week or two. Interface with that guy Marius. Either he was going to pay us back for the money, "if he didn't get what he was supposed to find, and if he did have what he was supposed to deliver-- "one of the things I burned was a drawing of it, it was an orb thing. We were supposed to take that "back to Avantika." "Avantika's on-- what's the island called? I don't remember. Don't fucking remember what it "was called. It was on there! That's it right there." "It's not a secret; it's just mostly avoided. It's near one of the reef clusters of the "Lucidian Ocean, this side of the coast." All right, you do the Mending cantrip, and because I do not have a completed map for you, we'll use our imagination. It completes a much larger piece of paper, that you think would have a bunch of other either islands or the things around it. It looks like it may have been a much larger size. Unfortunately, the ink does not come through on it. You still have the ink of that, yeah. It's a large piece of paper that is mostly blank, and then there's that one section that is stained with the burned edges and has the actual drawing. There was some things with bits of coded language on it, it looked like. But those have also been burned, and they're in chunks. You do your--? Is it ten minute casting time? As a ritual, it's whatever the duration is-- One action plus ten minutes, okay. There you go. Then it would be a total of 11 minutes. All righty. While you're working on that, you guys can continue to pry, if you want. "I mean, probably lay low for a while. There's other jobs out there. Find my way back to "Darktow eventually." "She's a weird one. Her whole crew, they've got some weird mystical thing they're obsessed with." "That's one of the things we're supposed to be picking up, yeah. They've got some creepy "religious thing. We work for her. She hired us as the sister ship out of Darktow and we've been "doing errands for her." "Darktow, yeah." "It's generally the hub of most unlawful activity out here. Used to belong to the Concord, "but about 50 years back, it was taken by people of my professional interests and they haven't been "able to take it back since." "Yeah, it's an island." "Swavain Islands is the whole series of islands." "Darktow is one of the islands far, far west of here, though." "I'm not the navigator, but I remember going in and out. There were little markers set on areas "where we were supposed to-- like visual guides if we were on the right paths and to help us get "through the reef." "And to go around is another hundred miles to your trip." "Yes. Well, we've made to and out once. We were going to go back after this." Are you still working on your spell? "Oh, god no. No one's going to fucking settle on that thing. It's fucking cursed." "Yeah!" "It's supposed to be something there that she wants. Well, she's waiting on us to get back "with whatever we're supposed to pick up, and if they didn't have it there, then we were supposed "to try and find out where the next one might possibly be." "I think that's the island, yeah, it's mostly jungle-covered." "I don't know." You get the sense the more he looks at it, one, he's definitely not the navigator of the ship's crew, and probably can't read. "Gallan." "Gallan Wesmen." "Thank you." "I've met many travelers." His eyes go a little narrow. He's like, "Oh no, not another one." "I'm okay." "I'll think on it." "I've seen her. I've not actually spoken to her, that was mainly--" "No. She mainly stays on the ship." He scratches his head. "She's elf, I think. She's got them elven features, the pointy ears, "the whole brown-red skin. Big hair that comes in strings. Sleeveless coat, high collar, big scarf thing." "I didn't get all the details. I wasn't one of the important ones." He's sitting there going, "Yeah. Yeah you're right." "Fuck them! Fuck them! I'm a survivor." "I had a what?" He reaches back and is like-- There's like still blood back there, of course, and he's like, "I'm okay? Is it bad?" "Well we'd just stocked up so we've got probably about two weeks of tack and water "and some ale below." "I know how to repair. I was more of the ship carpenter." That's really on brand! I'll say sure. Technically ten minutes is a while, but we'll say between the small talk, you've completed your spell. Sure. With the slips that you have, you read through it and it seems to be a list of supplies that were supposed to be purchased. A lot of them seem to be heavy bits of rope, chains, climbing pitons. You see ball bearings, torches. You're not quite sure why this was encoded, per se, and only for the slips that you have that are visible, but it's mainly just a list of materials. Unfortunately, no. You look around you and there is ash everywhere. Even the air has bits of ash that are still floating in the space. They burned-- through the purpose of that battle while you guys were dealing with all of that, this guy was in here torching everything. You're lucky to have gotten that bit. "Thanks. I take pride in my work." He's still touching the wound in the back of his head, unsettled. "No. I can-- come on." You look over, and he had a sword. The thing he was swinging and attacking you guys with in the doorway earlier. No, it tumbled down the stairs when to took an axe to the head. As you're taking it he's like, "Sorry about that." "Profession." "Yeah." "Okay." "Okay." "Thank you. Should I go get my stuff, then?" "Ah!" He points towards you and, "Um." He's not a very intelligent fellow. "Go... fetch me "some... dried meat." "I'm going to go lay down for a minute." "Okay." You head down to the cabin quarters to one of the small cots that are there, essentially, and tie him down. He's like, "Mmm." He passes out; he's exhausted. G-A-L-L-A-N. All right. While that's happening, the rest of you on the surface, where are you taking it? Time of night-ish. Yeah, it's maybe 230, 300 in the morning, at this point. Got you. Okay. Yeah. But you just take some distance in case of pursuit? Got you. It's a pretty quick ship. You can see why it was used as a messenger ship. You're used to cargo ships and things that are used for shipping, so it's nice to have one that's designed just for speed. He's tied to the mast right now. TRAVIS and He's fallen asleep as well because he's just been there while you guys were doing your thing. No one is paying attention to him, and he's had a long day. He's like, (snoring). "Ugh!" "What was that all about?" "It's still dark." "Okay. Was that necessary?" "I wasn't headed anywhere. I was going to give back their money and send them off on "their way, and you attacked, and they weren't going to let me stay behind, I guess." "Apparently!" "Well, I don't have it!" Right. "I don't really-- I was just hired to pass on a letter and wait for some sort of an "arrival of that, and then it never came, and then I asked for an extension in case it was just taking its time to get there. And then, never showed up. So I had to return the money, "unfortunately. But you know, I like keeping a reputation as a reliable messenger." "I was going to give it to-- what's his name, Captain Jawgrasp. Big fella, you cut "the fuck out of and kicked him off the side of the docks." "This is the second time." "Well, before they found me on the side of the docks here at the wharf and they asked me if I "knew the quickest way to get this letter up north to Shadycreek Run." "Not a fucking clue, none of my business. I don't ask questions of those who are, you know, a "full foot and a half taller than me and can probably wipe the floor with me. I just nod, "take my money and do the job. Once again, I have a reputation." (sniffs) "I feel comfortable all right, you know, when I can fucking move! Sorry, sorry, I'm just "a bit grouchy." "I paid good money for this shirt. Please don't do anything--" You rip them underneath the ropes as he is tied to the mast. You start tearing them off in chunks. He's like, "No! No!" "Ah!" He starts pulling up the scrap of his sleeves. "Do you have any idea how much I paid for this?" "I'm going to remember this." He combs his hair over. He pulls a tooth out. Roll a d10, see how many-- no. "Not criminal, I'm not a criminal. I do business with whoever pays well. I don't ask "questions, so I don't know if I've done any crimes." "Exactly! So if I don't know technically who I'm involved with and what the larger scale of my "work is, if anybody starts asking questions, I'm as dumb as the rest of them. It's got me this far." "That's for the people to decide." He goes over and looks. "Can't see it." "It has been the truth! Why am I lying to you right now, you've destroyed my shirt, you've "made me lose a tooth--" "Look, I'm a very anxious fellow. And when things go ass up-- I'm having a breakdown right now." "Okay, sure, fine, I'll do that for you. Whatever you want." Makes his way below deck and passes by these guys. "Hi." Yeah, they all come out and join you on the deck. Make a-- this would be a survival check, since this is-- no. For you, make that a history check with advantage. Since it does fall into your sailor background. It could be one of three reefs. Yeah. It's a toss up, you're not entirely sure which one it is. Give me a second. I can probably narrow it down for you. Give me a second. It could be either Inkclaw or it could be Deep Row. Those are the two that come to mind. The Deep Row is a little bit further away, that one's more to the west of where you guys are. There are a number of small islands all throughout the various reefs that aren't on the larger maps. And you haven't been all over the coast, these are all just from the trade routes you've done, and the things that aren't directly near or you'll pass on the trade routes-- some things aren't even charted. Well, travel-wise this would be-- say we put this at the speed of a longship, so per day you could probably do about 72 miles in a longship. It looks like travel to-- to which reef? To Inkclaw? It's about 230 or so, 250 miles from Nicodranas. That's the thing. As you consider, and you know, it takes a number of people to maintain a ship. To go at the speed you would need to, you'd need to have somebody who's manning the sails, somebody who's navigating the ship, somebody who's actually necessary for maintaining the course-- As you guys are having this moment of conversation, you can't help but notice in the middle of this talk, quiet off to the side-- Yasha's just on the outskirts of you, holding onto the rope of the sail. She hasn't tied it down yet, she's just using herself to hold and maneuver the sail because that's all she knows. But there is, on the far end on the port bow of the ship, is still Caduceus, legs curled up to the chest looking out over the ocean. No, that was in the Wharf. Yeah, The Restless Wharf. Which, as a note, you would know there are a few different positions that probably need to be filled. There definitely needs to be a captain, there needs to be a navigator, there needs to be a quartermaster-- who is essentially the first mate that is the second in command under the captain and handles all of the elements there. You're going to need some form of a cook, someone that handles and prepares food. You're probably going to need a bosun. Bosun handles the upkeep on the ropes and the sails and general deck upkeep. There is the carpenter below. Carpenter does ship repairs and upkeep as well. Barrel-keepers are those that maintain the barrels of supplies. There's a bunch of different-- you don't need all of these necessarily-- No, this is made for speed. Not that you've noticed, at least. You do see Yasha, who's still holding the rope but staring off to the south. "That's fine, I guess." She looks back at you and back at the south and says, "Just looking for a storm." You guys, at this point, have gone down and you've been introduced to the wonders of hardtack! Which is a lot of, essentially, hefty crackers. Shitty, shitty crackers. You do find a couple of barrels of fresh, tropical fruit, which is new for you, Caduceus, especially. Short-term travel elements there. It's stocked at the necessary level for a two-week journey. Oh yeah, you have everything on you to create and evoke all sorts of unique flavors. Are you calling everybody from the crew together? You are in the process of planning it out and you're taking stock of everything you have at your disposal and you hear Fjord up top calling you guys. Yasha is listening out of the corner of her ear and raises her hand and looks back. Next city up would be Port Zoon. That's about a three-day travel to get there. I think it was Ignus. There's not a lifeboat, per se. There is a small row skiff. You've not hired a crew before. You just know what you've worked for which is not a lot. It's maybe, depending on the job, two, three gold a day. MARISHA and Ignus was in the Restless Wharf. Yeah. I'll say you can slowly, over time focus-- It'll take you about a good hour or so, but you could eventually get the sail to be unsinged. It's about this point you look over in the horizon and you can see the faint hint of dark blue turning to lighter blue. You can very faintly see towards the horizon where Nicodranas is, the occasional little soft light of the lighthouse. You're not completely out of sight of it and when it's this dark and you pay attention, you can just barely see that little blip of light. Yeah, there's no light on the ship. Zhelezo. All right. You guys take shifts throughout the evening. To the early elements of the morning. Sure. Nott is a One Earther. All right, you guys keeping first watch, make a perception check. Whoever's maintaining that, either advantage or you both roll independently. SAM and Keeping an eye out, you begin to watch as multiple ships begin to cruise out from Nicodranas. At first you begin to get nervous, but watching them, you can see it's the early morning. Right as dawn hits, a lot of these fisherman ships start going out and finding sections where lots of schools tend to come to feed. Beyond that, you don't see any encroaching danger. You have sails. There is a flag that sits at the top of the main mast, but it is currently tied up. It's big, so you'd have to unfurl to see it. Yeah, you can bring it down. You bring the flag down and open it up, and it's a light gray flag that looks almost like a curled wave. It looks like a wave of water that curls away. That's the best you can ascertain as to what the design means. You guys finish your shift. Who's taking next shift? Okay. It does not. Who's taking next shift? It's Fjord, and just Fjord? Fjord and Caduceus out there for second shift. Yeah, perception check from each of you? Keeping an eye out on this as well, you, towards the end of your shift, notice one ship that isn't one of the fishermen ships or one of the traders' ships that you've seen in the docks and pointed out to you. It is one of the Zhelezo search ships. It's not leaving too far from the docks, but it's at least patrolling around the outskirts. The ship does have a wide berth. It's only one ship that's going across the entire coast there, but that's one thing you've noticed. It's a danger. Okay. You guys finish your time at watch. The rest of you come to consciousness. It's now late morning, going to be approaching the afternoon fairly soon, but you've woken up, some food has been devoured, your cabin mate, Gallan, has come to consciousness, and has instinctually gone to start looking at the side of the boat and starting to repair bits of the Fireball damage you had left. Pulls out his tools, starts going to work on that. Marius is choking through some hardtack. What do you guys want to do? Same city. The Restless Wharf and the Open Quay are two large sections of docks on the north end. You do know that when ships check into port-- you have not been in charge of it, but you've seen it-- usually there is a ledger of ownership or deed of ownership to the ship that the captain presents to the wharfmaster so that they can keep tabs on who comes in and comes out. It got burned. You can probably get the gist of it. Let's give it a shot. You can certainly try. "Yeah?" "Okay. To what?" "Great." "I would love to help you, little goblin girl. However, I can't really write or read." It's painted on. "Right." He goes back to repairs. As far as you know, they don't check the sails. The sails are designed to show allegiance to certain areas. If, for whatever reason, the ship was searched and a sail was found that perhaps was known to be not kosher with the laws of the coast, then that would be a problem. But that's only if the sail itself is-- It's possible. You probably wouldn't want to go into port with the flag unfurled. Okay. In order to do so, you'll have to dangle from the actual stern of the ship. Yasha looks confused. "Okay, I guess," and turns you over and holds you off the side. (straining) Yasha's even having to wedge against the side because to get you further enough down, it's about ten feet from the stern, so Yasha's having to get her foot caught up underneath the railing. Jeez. GIF of the week, right there. You manage to write in a really extravagant, well practiced, Jester way, "The Mistake" on the back of the ship. Yasha lifts you back on board. Any other preparations you guys want to do? Yasha goes, "I'll stay." "No." You'd have to get fairly close to even drop anchor, and you don't want to have to row-- The strangest of Wildemount backgrounds. You have to get pretty close unless you want somebody to be rowing that boat for a long time. Honesty, I appreciate that. Okay. This'll be interesting. You're helming the ship? Okay, as you're making your way towards Nicodranas having this conversation, the Zhelezo ship is doing its patrol across. You have to time the best way to come through without gaining its attention. Who wants to be in charge of trying to navigate the ship? That would be you, I think, Fjord. Make an intelligence check and I'll give you advantage, because you have a sailor background and you understand some of the pathways, especially since watching and noticing this earlier with Caduceus, you've seen it move back and forth. The Zhelezo ship passes by and it begins to inspect another ship that is coming in from the western trade route. Okay, you want to make a forgery of it? As you're watching this, you're also helping tell Jester what you think might be included in the paper that you've not really seen. Make-- You've seen the papers, but you haven't studied very heavily what is contained on these. She's a tiefling. If you'd like to make a forgery check. Roll a d20 and add your intelligence modifier and your proficiency, because you are proficient with forgery. Holy shit! Okay, you craft what is probably the most evenly-constructed and in some ways beautiful deeds to a ship. It has borders on it, the signature that's on there looks very formal and probably from some naval captain. Yeah, it's subtle. You're not sure what the content would require, but you've seen a few formal documents in passing, and you make it up as you go and you hope it's enough. You're proud of it, but you hope it's enough. Okay. Are you taking it in to dock, or are you waiting outside and taking the skiff in? It's up to you. SAM and The sail's been fixed. The wood is being repaired, but it's a few days of repair to get all that taken care of. That's D&D, man. That's how it works. Okay. Restless Wharf or the Open Quay? Open Quay, okay. You make your way towards the Open Quay. Thankfully, you timed it so that the one patrolling Zhelezo ship that you see is currently invested in another ship that it's interfacing with. You make your way to the Open Quay. You make it to the docks. All of you that are on there, and you're applying a disguise kit to Beau? If you wouldn't mind rolling a d20, add your dexterity modifier and your proficiency modifier. Yeah, Yasha's staying below and keeping an eye on the rest of your crew. With that, you're approached at the docks. The dockmaster there takes your document, is going to inspect it and rolled pretty well, but you rolled a 20. He looks and seems to be taken aback at how well designed versus the occasional chicken scratch and heavily stained, ocean air-tattered pieces of paper are handed to him. Seems to accept it and you guys make your way onto the Open Quay docks. You're there, you drop anchor. What do you wish to do while you're here? Oh plenty. If anybody that would be the dockmaster. Well, that's in the other side. That's up at the Restless Wharf. Yes. Okay, you approach. This is a human fellow, lanky with a very pronounced Adam's apple and a cleft chin. Big sideburns and this mop of reddish-brown hair, a thick sweater on that bunches up around the neck. He turns back as you approach. "Hi, can I help you?" "You're on The Mistake?" Well there's two, but Port Zoon's the closest. Make a deception check. He gives you a nod and goes to shake your hand and goes, "Understood." Slips the coin into his hand. "All right, in and out real quick." Take the paper, folds it and hands it back to you. "For that you're probably going to look outside of the Seafloor's Bounty or probably on "the board at the Withered Bird Inn." Seafloor's Bounty or the Withered Bird Inn. Welcome to the Open Quay. What are you guys doing while you're here? Okay. That'd be a lot of additional rope, some repair materials for the ship, maybe an additional set of tools, a couple of empty barrels, just in case you need them. Actually quite a few barrels if you're going to be buying a lot more food, because right now, since they had stocked up with what they had felt they needed just for their crew and the short trip they were making their way there, if you're stocking up for a while, you're going to need more means of transport and storage. Perfect. Okay. It takes you a few hours, but you gather the materials that are needed. The total For a month, that's going to be about, I'd say 300 gold. If it's good food, for all of you guys and the people that you're hiring on the crew, to feed all of you, every day, for a month? Adequate food will put you at about 100 gold. Okay. It's still better food than most sailors have on long trips for that cost. That's for you and the entire crew you're hiring and the two you have on your ship, for a month. Okay, so you acquire that bit. Ach, ein Zemnian boy! Augustus Gloop, exactly! Okay, cool. Glances at you, glances at you, glances back. "Yeah, if you're looking to hire, you'll "find most of them at either the posting at the Seafloor's Bounty, or the Withered Bird Inn." "Yes, but now both of you are informed." "So good luck." Ugh! I'm so happy this campaign you guys have a mostly deceptive, illusory-based party. This really makes for a lot of shenanigans You guys start looking for a crew to hire. How many crew are you looking to hire? Crew of six. You have two with you already. A barrel keeper. You've worked as a boatswain before. That's primarily what you've done, as well as some element of barrel keeping in your travels. Those are primarily what your skills would fall under. Okay. Make an investigation check. Yes. Ten? Okay. You find a few folk that are pretty good, so you hire pretty much for all the other positions you need. The navigator's the one you're having a hard time with. Everyone you've talked to is like, "Yeah! I can sail the sea!" And you're like, "Hm. Nah." You're having a harder time finding a navigator. All right. I'm assuming in this degree, you're going to these places to find these hires, as opposed to having to roleplay every interview with each of these crewmen. That's true. Yeah, that's possible. Kind of. So whisper campaign. One of you make a deception check and one of you make an investigation check. Oh shit! 17. That's pretty good. There you go. All right. What whispers do you want to disseminate? All right. As you're spreading this rumor, you start hearing people responding to that being like, "Jawgrasp, wasn't he found dead at the docks the other night?" Hold on. You do find out that a number of the corpses that were gathered, the two names that you find are Captain Javeed Jawgrasp and Mattheus Freecall. They were both known criminals that had bounties on their head. In one hand, there is a search for, or at least there is an understanding that some unknown do-gooders were responsible for killing two people with bounties on their heads. However, there was a blue-skinned tiefling that killed herself on the dock and people are trying to find out information. They're searching for the body, and they're trying to find out who that was. Apparently, a ship was taken from some of the surviving crew of these people. You're getting the idea that the guards didn't realize there was a conflict happening, and just assumed that whoever took the boat, you guys, were members of this Captain Jawgrasp's crew. All right. You've planted the seeds of this ghost story on the docks. In an attempt to co-opt the story of this blue-skinned, horned tiefling, you've also disseminated the information that Jawgrasp died somehow in line with this ghost story. We'll see if it sticks. You've set the seeds. Okay. LAURA and Okay. Remember, everything you've heard are all been common rumors. People just talking who hear the whispers you're saying and the tales, and retorting with what they've heard in the past morning because there was hubbub. People there are discussing what they saw or heard about what happened. But you haven't seen any of the guards that were present. All right, cool! While that's happening, you're all still trying to find a navigator. Make an intelligence check. 14? Okay. You have met one navigator before. That's what I did, it's Orly. I was waiting to see if you'd pick up on it. Oh. That's going to cost you. Caduceus' intelligence just went to eight. From here? I'd say-- Carefully? About an hour. That's the first two. Go. (uncertain groan) No, I know. Yeah, eight left. Yep. There's a brief pause, and eventually, you hear this voice come through, "I'll swing on "over. Soon as I m-m-muster the energy to finish my breakfast." Little time passes, and sauntering up onto the dock, you see the massive, waddling form of the tortle, with the sack over the shoulder. The rest of the deckhands look and give a nod. Some recognize him, others are still like, "Fucking tortles, they're weird." Then eventually makes his way to the ship, over to the skiff and goes-- Oh no, you guys have the ship in dock. You brought it all in there. He walks over and steps up onto the gangplank. "So whom-- who am I talking to?" "Hey there, it's real good to see you again. I heard from some m-m-mysterious magic voice that "you were going to hire someone to navigate." "How long you looking to need m-m-me?" "I have no idea." "I'm m-m-mighty confused, but money definitely drives, so." "Weekly, let me think. 35 gold?" Make a persuasion check. Yep. "Deal, if I get to choose my quarters." "M-m-my quarters." "Then, m-m-my friend, it's a deal." (laughter) Begins walking up the gangplank and then inflates the bag and (bagpipe sounds) announces his presence onto the ship as he arrives. Yeah. You know, the more you hear it, the more you're like, "Eh, it's not that bad, "actually." It's the initial note that kicks in and once you get used to it, it's not bad. Yeah. All right, with your crew and supplies acquired and-- -- possible seeds of whispers disseminated, some information gained about the scenario of those that you killed on the dock the night before, and the knowledge that they're still searching for the rest of the crew, you make your way off the dock. Are you going to try and pass by the Zhelezo ship once more? Because you're going to have to to make your way out. Actually, with Orly hired and helping you out with this. Did you tell Orly you were trying to avoid that ship? Orly goes, "I think this helps me know what kind of business we into." Okay, with advantage on that. Nice, all right. Quickly telling you, "All right, go now, round about that way," he begins giving you the proper timing and based on your previous information, without issue you manage to dodge the Zhelezo ship, make your way to open waters and now, in the later afternoon, you guys have now exited the outskirts of Nicodranas. We'll see how much of what you've left behind helps to what you left behind the night before, but nevertheless you have a crew, you have supplies, and you are on the water. With that, we're going to go ahead and take a break. You hired the tortle! Well I have to now. You fucking hired him. I was thinking, I'm like, "They met a navigator. "Aw fuck." All right, so we're at the giveaway break. We're going to be giving away this awesome Peruvian walnut tabletop dice tray by Wyrmwood. It is slick, it is leather on the inside, it feels like. For this, the keyword tonight is "theft." Come over to the Critical Role Twitch channel and the chat room to be a part of this giveaway during the break, that's twitch.tv/criticalrole, enter the word "theft" once, any more than that and you'll be disqualified. Once again, it's only good for those in the United States and Canada, excluding Quebec, we're working on it. We'll have the winner when we come back, so see you guys here in a few minutes. Yeah! [break] -- it did not arrive in time, the full one, so you'll have to deal with this printout for the time being, but there is one on the way. Pretty big. (disappointed groaning) Oh, Sam. (mimicking accent) It is good for for wedding materials as well, yes. (regular accent) Mighty Nein, you have your crew. This is a pretty packed ship for a runner ship, because you have a full crew, and then on top of that, you have you guys. As opposed to training as sailors, you've hired more on top of what you have, so now you have a very busy ship. However, you are out and about on the ocean. What are you guys going to do, where are you going, what's the plan? Orly needs something. He compares it with the map and goes, "B-b-est I can tell, it's probably close to the "Inky Claw, you know?" "What?" From what you know, partially because the waters around there are very murky and very dark, so it's hard to see where the reef comes close to the surface. A lot of the sea creatures that live in the area tend to knock a lot of the silt up, that's close to the bottom of the reef, which means sometimes the reef sneaks up on you and rakes across the bottom of the ship itself. You can, it just means that-- anything that's off the trade routes means there is not a lot of patrolling Zhelezo ships to maintain protection for people that are using those lanes. It also means that sometimes, as you've heard, certain creatures that live in the ocean or nearby, you're a little more susceptible to, but it's a quicker route if where you're heading is the Inky Claw? You're telling Orly to head to where? Sea vines. Yasha puts one hand in as well. Orly corresponds and is like, "Just out of personal curiosity, why are we heading through the "reef? Where are we going?" "All right. Well, this captain you're talking about m-m-may be where that 'X' is on the paper?" "So that's putting us right by the island." He points to, just on the outskirts of the 'X', the land mass. "According to my map right here, that is Urukayxl." TRAVIS and "That's a real avoided locale." "Superstition. Many folks around here, they talk about the dark stories of dense jungle and "very dangerous, iron-bearing creatures. They talk of strange, ancient m-m-masses, and they talk of "wild, unnatural types." "Not too familiar with that one, but it's possible. Mind you, I'm the navigator, I ain't "getting off the ship, so that's all up to you." "Can't say I have." Yasha actually approaches from the side, overhearing the conversation, looks up to you, Caduceus, and goes, "I know what it's like to be looking for some meaning. Some guidance. "Do you trust in your visions?" "And you have strong faith in this thing you follow?" "Then if you ever go off the path, maybe they'll tell you. You just have to keep looking." "It's kind of new to myself as well." As you guys are-- Make a perception check. No sign of the Professor. You do have-- what is it, Sprinkle? Sprinkle is still nestled up next to you. However your blink puppy, Nugget, still remains with Marion back in Nicodranas. Okay. All right. The evening comes quick; by the time you guys are leaving, it's not that far from dusk, and so your first evening out on your new trajectory, you have time. What do you want to send to Marion? Are you using this across multiple spells? She doesn't have the chance to respond to the first one, because you go right through to the second, but Marion does respond to the second and goes, "Oh! Well, thank you for letting me know, "Jester. Be safe, be bright, and make me proud. And come back soon. You and your friends. Goodbye!" All right, who's keeping watch the first evening? Because now, with a full crew, you can go full pace on this longship, which will put you about 72 miles per day. It's about a 250 nautical mile trip, including through the reef, with a full crew. That means it'll put you there in a little over three days, about three and a half, maybe four days with careful passage through the reef. For the evening, who's watch? Okay. And you have crew who can take up as well, if you want to. So one of you or both of you, make a perception check. 15? Okay. During the evening, you keep an eye on the waves. At some point, the moon itself is starting to find itself low in the sky, and you look over and you see this faint glow in the water below. You feel the back of your neck get warm for a second and you glance over to try and inspect what the source of this light is. It's a jellyfish bloom. You see hundreds and hundreds of these tiny jellyfish below the surface that are giving this faint bioluminescent blues and pinks and variety of colors in that pastel spectrum. They pass under the waves as you move by and you look out beyond that and you can see a few more. For the next hour or so, you look over the water and pass by these beautiful little beacons of color in the middle of this dark black ocean. The remainder of the evening goes thankfully uneventful. The blooms fade as you pass through the evening mating grounds of these jellyfish. The next day comes, the morning comes, and your first true on-the-ocean breakfast kicks in. Thankfully, because of supplies that were purchased, there are a number of fresh meats available. A proper breakfast can be made. You can see through the crew that you've hired, they're quite surprised by the quality of food they're given on this journey. There's a bit of like a, "Damn, now I'm glad I agreed to this journey." They take some food and a couple of them are like-- Hilariously, Marius is actually a vegetarian. He is! He's like, "I'll probably partake in that, too, if that's all right?" "This is delicious." "They're crazy, aren't they?" "What's going to happen, are they going to let me go, you think?" "If worst comes to worst, we cut and run, huh? You and me?" "Okay, thanks." "Once again, very good." Continuing on your journey, who's keeping watch for this next day? All right, so either you guys roll individually or one of you with advantage, your choice. Go for it. Yeah. 17? Okay, good. Okay, since Orly is the navigator, helping you out and are you leading this-- are you guiding the boat, are you the captain of this? You didn't hire a captain and they need to be hired by somebody, so one of you needs to be the captain. You generally don't hire a captain for the ship, like hey, we're just a bunch of assholes with a boat! We need to hire someone to be our leader and pay us. What's your captain name, to your crew? They need to have to know who their captain is, who they're going to go towards. Captain Tusktooth. There we go. They're very confused because there are no tusks visible on Tusktooth. Good to know, Captain Tusktooth. All righty. No, this was throughout the day. The crew's keeping watch, too, but this is keen eyes and occasionally going up to-- climbing the sail a bit to get a good view, or climbing the mast to keep an eye out. Roll a survival check with advantage for Orly's help as the navigator. To keep us on task and in the proper direction. You're going to pick up some speed, actually. Captain Tusktooth already, out of the gate, acting like a captain and the crew's coming together. For all of you who watched the fuckery that was you trying to get out and then back to port the night before, seeing a full crew on the ship knowing what they're doing, you're like "Oh." Yeah. It's probably good you hired this crew. Yes. Oh no! Every time! It is technically a monk weapon, the index finger. Your guys' day shift goes by, keeping watch. Nothing really catches your attention; it's just open shores and open waters. Since you're off the trade route path, there don't appear to be any other ships passing back and forth. It feels comforting to be so alone in some ways, but for some of you, it's strangely isolating. There may be a few moments throughout the next few days where you have to go below deck and not conjecture, you especially, Caduceus. This is-- Day two and day three start getting a little hard on you to-- we've been traveling for 48 hours and literally everything looks exactly the same. Okay. For the evening's watch on the second day, or this is technically the end of the first day. Both of you guys roll for your perception. 15, okay. You continue on through the evening, uneventful. (laughs) Finishing your watch, uneventful. As the evening comes in, other folks can take a shift, or you can leave it to any of your crew. You don't have to take every shift, but you have to rely on your crew to keep a watch. Any plans for the evening? This would be night, yeah. You've been captaining the ship for a full day. Okay. You get the sense that the fish would be happy to, as they-- No, it's great. You lean over the side of the boat and, talking to the fish that pass by-- you get the sense that it's like, (chorus of fish) "Sure." (laughter) They're nowhere near as fast as the ship, so within the sphere of perception that a fish has, the ones that are now far behind you will definitely let you know when you come across something. I know. And I love playing that element. Okay. Sure. It drags through the water like any other blade would. No, it doesn't react. Okay. Falchion's back whence it came. Are you keeping watch? Make a perception check for me. Okay, nothing for the evening. Okay. As you're focusing on your blade on the side of the boat, as it gets close to midnight-- let me actually roll for the crew as well. Nope, okay. As you are checking your blade and looking around, you hear this sound that catches your ear. It's like (rustling), but it's up. Glancing up to the left of your vision, and there's a shape that's sitting up on one of the sails. Just a dark shape sitting up there on the sail. It's not moving. As you whistle, you see it has two wings, and it-- and takes off into the dark night. It looked humanoid-ish. As far as size-wise, it looked like a human. You saw big wings and you saw legs dangling. It looked like a bird, but it was human-sized. Yasha's asleep. You go down and Yasha sits up. As soon as you enter the room, the chamber that Yasha has-- Before you even get to that point, the sound of the door opening, Yasha's like-- (panting). "Be careful, Beau." Puts the blade and leans it against the side of the cot and leans back. Grabs the sword and gets back up and walks past you and up the stairs. Perception check, with disadvantage, because this is looking into far darkness. Just in casies, sure. But still at disadvantage. Glancing out, it looks like-- at this point, the moon is just starting to vanish in the distance, so there's not a lot of light, and it looks like a black, endless void around the ship with just a faint image of a blue line as a horizon in all directions. Sure. TRAVIS and You make your way up. Go ahead and make an investigation check. You look and you can see-- it's dry, weathered wood; this mast has been in use for a while. You do see what appear to be some grooves, like large talons. Okay. As the lights drift out, at that moment, you watch as a series of shapes swoop in (squawking). In that instant, you watch as a cluster of harpies-- not coming towards you-- are now coming in and dive-bombing the sails. They're rushing in and trying to drag their claws through to put you dead in the water. From a narrative standpoint, go ahead and roll initiative. All right. 25 to 20? Oh, yeah. Yeah, that's a 16. All right. 20 for Beau. 20 to 15? Ooh, look at that. Yep. Jester, Caduceus, Yasha. 15 to ten? TRAVIS and Nott, Fjord, and then Caleb, you're last? All right. Harpies rolled a natural 20 on their initiative roll. With their plus one, that's a 21, so they're going first. You watch as six harpies come swooping in. Two of them land up on top and getting a view of who all's on the ship. The few crew that are currently running the deck start shouting, "Harpies!" and they start running. They're not hired to fight, and they go charging into the cabin below. They're both looking towards the guys who are running and they're both going to swoop down and see if they can go over to the deckhands. No, not yet. Those two haven't. One of them's going to swoop down-- that's cocked. No, not with a six. Manages to try and harry the guy and he kicks it off, manages to push through. The other one dives down to grab a second one. Does manage to do so. Claws sink in, not doing a whole lot of damage, but you watch as it grips into and begins lifting one of the deck hands. He's three or four feet off the ground, and he's like-- (yelling), and the harpy's lifting him up. Three of the others are going to tear through the sails, and one of them is about to land on the poop deck on the back towards the stern of the ship. The three are going to try to sweep across the sails. Yeah, that's a hit. That's a hit. That's a miss. One of them attempts to try and grab towards the sail, but the way the wind is blowing, it can't actually get a hold of it and only does a slight tear on the side. The other two, however, with their claws-- seven, 13 points of damage to that sail. You hear the tearing sound as they both drag a series of open tears across the central sail on the main mast. You watch as the sail-- (flapping) the ship's starting to slow a little bit in that process. The one that lands in the back of the ship stops, wings out, inhales, and this voice begins to emerge, this strange, baleful-- (singing)-- this weird, ghostly voice that seems to emanate and then grow into its own chorus-- it's like a dirge, almost-- as it spreads out into the space. I need everybody to make a wisdom saving throw. Great. That's a success. Success. Fail. Success. Success. Roll for Yasha, if you don't mind. One of you. Everyone succeeds. You hear this and you feel this weird, faint grasp in your brain, this song beginning to placate your adrenaline, but then you shrug it off, except for Nott. Nott, you are charmed by this harpy. You listen to this music, and it's beautiful. You find yourself-- all the tension leaving your body, and you can't focus on anything else. You're just watching it there. You guys watch as Nott's arms drop, her weapon going limp to her side, her head turned slightly towards one shoulder and smiling, listening to this song. One of the crew that's not currently being held by the harpy almost makes it into the lower cabin, and then stops dead in his grasp and is also entranced by the song. The harpy continues to sing. All right, Beau, you're up first. No, the sail is not completely destroyed, and it could be repaired, should they not continue to pull it apart. It looks like it. You can give it a shot. All right. You have done a little bit of sail work. I'd say make a quick intelligence check. Having not been formally trained, necessarily, we'll see if you can-- Yeah, in your time on the ship and studying how the different elements of the ship maneuver together to create motion and riding the wind, you figure out that one of the various ropes you pull and release and will cause the sail to entirely come down, or you could just pull it up and cause it to no longer be unfurled. Probably pull it in. You grab the rope and pull it up. Both the harpies are curving around for another series of attacks on it, but you're pulling that element of the sail up. You can. Your arm holds the rope in place and you get yourself ready in case anything happens. That finishes your go. Jester, you're up. Go for it. 12 hits. They're not very hard to hit. They don't have a lot of armor, if at all. They're more just a little dexterous, but other than that-- you see these harpy forms. You see these humanoid female lithe bodies, naked, but their legs curl into these taloned, hawk-like feet. They have these sets of wings that come off of it, and their long stringy hair. Their faces are little--it goes beautiful to grotesque where the mouth itself seem almost like the lips are shrunk and shriveled, and series of sharpened, broken teeth are visible from where they open their mouth. 12 damage. All right. What is-- Natural one. No. You see the impact of the spiritual weapon, the large spinning lollipop cracking into her face. The song stops for a second, and the blast of divine energy in the middle of her head sets her off, but she pushes through and continues the song. Looks pretty hurt and is wondering what to do next. That finishes your turn, Jester? Yeah, you're up at the top looking down, and the two harpies that are spinning back, they definitely noticed you casting these spells. You can try to reach for something. I'll say you hold onto a rope, sure. That'll be your movement. Okay, that finishes Jester's turn. Caduceus? What are you attempting to do here? I will say, because technically-- Well no, there is no saving throw if they're suppressing it. So it just happens. Suddenly, the song that's entrancing you, you shake out of it as Caduceus finishes muttering this phrase and you feel the clarity come to your mind once more. This also affects the other deckhands. The mass of winged beetles begin to clatter out in a cloud. Okay. They rush in there. Go ahead and make an attack. It's a d20. Yeah, that'll definitely hit. That is 2d-- Yeah, I'll make a print out. Remind me to make a print out for you since this is having a hard time. I know. Yeah, it is 4d4. 15 points of damage? Okay. The beetles are now swarming this harpy who's taken bludgeoning. It is now bleeding profusely, and you can only see part of her torso and she's like (screeching). The song is dropped, and now is trying to fly away as she's picking up her wings, as these beetles are now tearing into her flesh. That ends your turn, Caduceus? Yasha's turn. There's the two that are up on top, darting down to pick up the guy. The one that's currently holding the other deckhand, Yasha's going to rush forward, since it's technically within her melee range. She's going to rush forward and take two strikes. If someone wants to roll for her. Go for it. All righty. The ten hits, the one does not. All right. No, it's 3d6 actually. Go for it. Great, okay. Yasha carves through a large chunk of it. The harpy still holds onto the deckhand, but is unable to make a drop. This brings us to Nott and Fjord. Currently, there is the one holding the deckhand that Yasha just attacked. Go for it. That hits. They're not very armored or dexterous creatures. 18 points of damage, nice. Blasts! You see it has to right itself, she's flapping her wings, but still holding on and trying now desperately to just get away. There's no attempt to interface; she has her quarry and is about to bolt. 11 just hits. Eight points of damage. Yeah, that'll do it. As it's flying away, it gets about ten or so feet up, and the deckhand is screaming "Ah! Help me!" The bolt hits it, spins in the air, a cluster of feathers, then slams down hard on the deck of the ship. The deckhand also hits, and rolls, and hits the side of the ladder that leads up to the poop deck. He's like (groaning) and now starting to freak out looking at the other harpies that are circling. There's still five of them. "Ah!" All right. Fjord? Okay. That hits. Both hit. Ten points of damage on the first one-- All right. You turn around, glancing up at them, release that one blast of eldritch energy that crackles and spins, slamming into each of them up in the air, and lights up the sky above the mast. You can see through the diffusing of the impacts behind the sails on the opposite side of the deck, for those of you on the other end of the ship. As both of them spin into a circle, taking pain from the impact, but then right themselves, looking down to the source of this angry, aggressive act. All right. That brings us to Caleb. With your movement, it would be half speed and I'd say, for you, who's not a necessarily an accomplished climber, it would be an athletics check. The mast would go up probably 25, 30 feet. Both of them? Anything within 30 feet of Caleb? That would get three of them. The one that failed to grab the other guy is just out of range. There's five left, technically. There were six total. One's died, one of them's close to death, and there are two wounded, and two that have been untouched. That's a failure. That's a failure. And that's a success! The one that had missed one of the deckhands and is on an up-swoop doesn't seem affected. The two by the mast immediately, as the glyph completes, and there's this very subtle burst of dark, dull-green shadow energy that emanates from you. Both of them (shrieking) and are going to start getting the fuck out of Dodge. All right, that ends your turn, Caleb? Back to the top of the round, harpies. Those two harpies full dash, full run, go spinning back in the direction they came. As far away from you as they can get. Those two, for the time being, are out of the way. Let's see if they can make their save. Nope! That's true, yeah. Yeah, facing away doesn't matter. Yeah, no, they're still running. Okay. There's the one on the back that's near death, it's going to attempt to fly away as well. It's going to move and dash. That's 80 feet out, and it's trying to catch up with the other two. Now there's three of them fleeing. That one, that one, and that one. All right. The two that are attacking-- there's two that are attacking the mast. One picked him one, one that's singing. I know, I'm trying to remember where it is. Okay, yeah. There we go. There's the one that tried to grab the one deckhand, it's going to swoop down and try and grab him again because he hasn't made his way fully in. Does manage to grab him. Swoops down, only gets partial, only 15 feet up with him. That's its turn. Let's see, the other two are going to go ahead-- Two are fleeing. That's fleeing. Oh, there's only one that's free. That one is going to attempt to attack one of the other sails because there's multiple sails up at that point. A smaller one. You know what? No, it's going to come after you since you're the one that's holding the sail. It's going to swoop down and attack you with claws. That is a-- actually surprising, an 18. I think that misses you. Oh, it's at disadvantage, too, because you have your-- Yes. Second attack. Yeah, misses with both. It's going to attempt to move 15 feet away from you with the rest of its movement. Go for it. Make an attack. Yeah, that hits. All righty. And it cannot move. It's less of a punch, but more of like with your open hand, you grab the back her leg and slam the harpy on the edge of the boat. It gets dragged down and thrust down on the edge of the railing and crack a rib, and it's trying to get out of your grasp and it manages to pull free, but now is right there next to you. Couldn't get much further. You get the sense now that they're retreating. This was a quick harrying. They didn't expect quite so much resistance, and most of them are wanting to get the hell out. With that knowledge, Beau, it's your turn. I love it. Go ahead and make your two attacks. That's correct. Go ahead and roll damage for each. 19 points of damage. Both kicks (whack whack) to the harpy as she's trying to get back up on the air; ends up knocking her back onto the deck. (angry crowing) Still up and is now is going to continue to try and make an escape. Yeah, roll damage. Ten damage total? With the next hit, you go ahead and just punch past the face and then with the other hand you wrap the rope around her throat then release. You watch the tension of the sail as it unfurls and snaps the neck of the harpy and drags her up and is now dangling from the rope as the sail is now unfurled again, still torn. That finishes up Beau's turn. Jester, you're up. Okay, go for it. Yes, roll damage. That was the first time that it's been wounded. It gets hit by the large, spiritual lollipop as it's trying to carry off the deckhand, still holding on. Okay, go for it. It's quite a ways away and you can see it (flapping). Yeah, definitely within 120 feet, so go ahead and roll for the attack on that. Level one? It looks pretty hurt. Yeah, it's your spell attack bonus. The same as your spiritual weapon. 4d6. Seven points of damage. As you bring the spiritual weapon down, you turn to see the other one flying away. You release the bolt of vibrant, radiant energy. It streaks off right as it's flying, heading it off. You quickly aim, watching its arc and as it flies away (impact) (screeching). You watch this burst of light as its body tumbles and sploosh into the ocean water below. Jester, that finishes your turn. Caduceus, you're up. Correct, it's been hit once. It can't get close enough, unfortunately. Yeah, the other harpy pulled away from it. It can move closer, but it's not going to-- Okay. All right. Caduceus, looking at the swarm, turns around, holds the staff in the air towards the one taking off with one of your deckhands and when you saw the bright beam-- Ooh! Spins around and releases a far heavier and brighter burst of light that streaks into and blasts into the harpy, wobbles in the air for a second. The energy explodes and is now spinning, keeping this weird shifting, like an atom spin around the outside of its body. The next attack has advantage because of Guiding Bolt. It's looking pretty hurt, too. That finishes Caduceus's round. No, not yet. Yasha's turn. Yasha-- it just grabbed him and is trying to pull away. Yasha's-- I don't think Yasha's close enough to hit and melee it, it pulled him up too high. Yeah, she's not going to do that. Yeah, that's not happening. There's not much Yasha can do right now. Not really. Sorry. Yasha's going to get underneath though, and prepare in case it does get knocked down a peg or whatever, just gets the sword at the ready and is eyeballing it angrily, and is going to rage because that's fun. All right, that brings us to Nott and Fjord. You do have disadvantage though, because it's out of your firing range, although you can probably move up closer and get within range. It's up to you, you can do that. Yes. 11 does hit, but-- Go ahead and roll damage. Not technically -- it's holding, yeah, and it's not even an ally who's in combat with it, so. Seven points of damage, all right. (arrow sound) Still flying. Yeah. That'll do it. (cheering) It's about to slam-- we'll see, there's a percentage chance here. I'm going to roll a percentile dice to see if it hits either on the deck, or over the edge. No, it hits on the deck. 50% chance of either. It crashes in to the other guy, slams in to the side of the railing, manages to pull free and catches up with the other guy as they both run inside the ship. At this point, the other harpies now are just-- Bugging out and fleeing. At the moment-- by the time your spell would wear off, there are none to be seen. Sure. Okay. Well Caleb, just for the sake of it, roll a deception check. Just out of curiosity. Caleb is having a rough -- a terrible -- yeah, all right, so just-- so are you -- Yeah, it's super uncomfortable, Caleb. No sign of any harpies. It takes a short time but you manage to, in the next ten minutes or so, feel comfortable that you've mended most of what the harpies had done. The two crew that you hired who already rushed in there are in the process of telling the story of what they just saw. They're like, "And then there was a blasting light up there! "It was crazy!" You notice half of them go, "Yeah!" No. And the other half are like, "Blintzes?" Two of them. Go ahead and make a general medicine check. I'll say with disadvantage because you're not too familiar with the body of a harpy. You butcher it. That's a gamey-ass harpy. You do get some meat. To you it looks delicious, but everyone else, you're like, "I'm good." You get like a pound. Okay. It's pretty sinewy. You guys bought a number of barrels. You filled a lot of them-- Owl Frumpkin is fine. (owl hoot) Good to keep that in mind. As you bring your things in for the evening, that comes to a close; your second full day of travel, now the following morning, comes to bear. Who's keeping watch for this day? Make a perception check for me please. 13, okay. For the day, you don't see anything. You do-- no, you don't see anything. Okay. Ocean! All wide ocean. Yeah, what are you doing with your barrel? Okay, so you just begin to Decompose. You'll find out. It'll be a little while. You watch as the start of various fungus and fuzzy mold begins to appear at edges of its corpse. You've started it; a couple days, maybe you'll have something that will give you an idea what is growing. Next evening? All right, go ahead and make a perception check. 14. Okay. Make your survival check for me as the captain, please. With advantage, because you have Orly on board. That's successful, you're not picking up any additional speed like you were the day before... okay, uneventful. At one point you pass by a few small rock islands, bits of stone that are breaking through the surface, too far away to make any details. They're not large; one set appears to be maybe ten, 12 feet across, the other one looks to be about 40 or so feet across. Just little breaks in the water, where a little mass of stone has breached, but that's all you can make out. The evening goes by, uneventful. By the third day, the morning comes around, Orly comes up to the top, comes to you and goes, "Excuse me, Captain. I'm keeping tabs on our travels southward, I can see "the reef is approaching." There are different-- see those Y marks? Each one of those is going to be a survival check to try and maneuver the boat through the reef. Yes, because you have Orly with you, and Orly is working with you side by side, holding up the map and looking at the scenery. A lot of the crew's on the deck as well keeping eyes out. LIAM and You have your Fragment of Possibility. Yes, with advantage. For the first one-- You guys can now see-- at first it just looks like open water, but then as you begin to maneuver past the first section, looking down 20 feet, 15 feet, ten feet, some of them barely breaching the surface, you can see these colorful reefs that are full of vibrant life, all sorts of manner of sea creatures and fish going through, and within a very short distance you can see broken wood. You can see other ships, the remnants of which have been scattered across the reef, and have since been overgrown. Carefully making your way through this gap, you manage to curve slightly one bit, the back of your stern scrapes at one point on one edge, but any damage would be superficial, and you manage to maneuver past where you can see one set of sticks that have been tied together and embedded into the reef just below, just barely peeking past-- breaking the surface. And that's the first sign you see of one of those points. Now that you've seen it, that's going to be your guiding point for each portion of this reef. You and Orly both, going through and traversing this, you can see the next path before you. Both of you together, go ahead and make another survival check with advantage. All right, roll one more. You only roll one more, so pick one and roll it. Total is a ten? All right then. As you make your way through the next portion of the reef, turning it over, you hear it impact a heavy portion of the reef, scraping across it. The ship's hull does take damage. Okay, that is 11 points of hull damage. Eventually pulls past and dislodges from the You have no visual perspective on it. All the damage is below the surface of the water. Just in case. Okay. Keeping low. All right, so that's the second one. You're marking each of these that you pass by? We're on the third. Go ahead and try again now. Okay! The channel you've made your way through in the reef is getting narrower and you can see elements of the reef are beginning to vanish into just jutting pieces of stone. It looks like, in a weird way from a distance, like a series of gravestones. Familiar to you as you pass by as bits of rock are breaking the surface, some at odd angles and there were semblances of stone spires that naturally jut from underneath the water that the reef is built on over time. The channel gets thinner here, but thankfully after that last hit, you dig deep in yourself and be like, "No, I've seen ships go through this, I'm getting the feel for this whole captain thing," and between you and Orly communicating, you manage to just make it through the channel. At a point, all of you hold your breath as you see elements of the reef that should be wide enough to put maybe a ship that's slightly larger than the one you have in, but with even just a small narrow margin of failure here, you would've ground against the side of one or the other side. You cut straight through perfectly, balancing on both sides, coming past the third marker beneath the surface, this one breaking through about a foot past the water. As you spin around, you guys begin to just barely see the shadowed landmass of an island beginning to appear as your destination. As you come to the final portion of the reef's channel, go ahead and make your final check. 13. You come through the last portion of this. It's a very tight location and you and Orly look back and forth. You may have been a little off in the portion of the reef you thought you were supposed to take through this broken channel and as you do-- it seems fine, and you're looking at the front of the ship, a bunch of them gathered at the bow, and look over, both on port and starboard side and go, "I think we'll be all right!" (crashing) Grinds over a portion of the reef, the ship jolts. It wasn't a hard hit. You're just grinding over the top of it and you're breaking a lot of the reef right there in the process of doing so. You don't take as much damage as the last hit, but you do take some damage. That's a bad roll. You take nine more hull damage. With that, Jester, (whooshing) water begins to pour in from the side. This is less of just mending a small object; this is structural hull damage. A single break or tear in an object you touch. Mending is not going to help you with this. Gallan and anybody who wants to come help, the hull is now taking on water. Okay. What are you doing to help block it? It's essentially a one, one-and-a-half foot long break and the wood is torn away, it's broken apart, and there's a gap where the water's now pouring in. Make a perception check real fast as you glance around the chamber. Looking around, there's some of the barrels and in the various quarters of the interior of the ship there's some cots and there's some sacks and whatever supplies people brought with them. Nothing comes to mind, looking around. You're kind of panicking. All the rest of the crew are suddenly coming down they're starting to get a bucket chain, trying to just get water out of there as they have no idea at the moment. Gallan gets his tools, starts looking around for whatever scrap materials they had purchased. You're now an inch of water in the bottom of the ship. Anyone else doing anything to help here? You guys are slowing the water coming on board. You can certainly try. Yeah. Yasha goes and grabs the other side of the barrel and both of you go try and force and hold it there. All right. How much time? I need you to go ahead and make a strength check, with Yasha's help, with advantage. 12. You hold the barrel over and it seals. (bursting water) You're holding it there but it's spraying around the edges. The barrel immediately fills, and you're now trying to cork the hole with this barrel and it's just (spraying sounds) all around you-- They're less mattresses in the ship. There are cots. There is actually a mattress in the captain's quarters. There's the one mattress. Is that what you're doing? Yeah, and you can walk on the surface if you choose to. You can stand on the surface and then, below-- You get below and you get the mattress-- what do you do? Okay, make a perception check because it's under the water and you're not entirely certain where-- there's a large scrape section where a lot of the reef pulled against the hull. 20, yeah. Glancing down, as you're about to go help, you look and you can see, of all the damage that's taken that's superficial, there's one section where it looks like a heavy groove is carved out from that last impact, and there you can see this faint shift of the water pouring through that gap. You take and hold down the mattress and it pulls against it. It's there in place-- the suction's holding it. You're not sure how long it'll hold there without anything holding it in place. Gallan, at this point, has his tools and starts handing out nails left and right. He brought an additional set of tools so two of you can-- While you're brightening that, Gallan's over there. He's hammering in the nails-- Two barrels down, pulled apart to get materials to try and patch this. Crow's nest is the very top. Okay. "Looking good!" All right, great. You're there. Because the ship is still moving, you're having to hold it in place while walking on the side. It seems to be holding itself okay for the time being, just from the pressure of the water, but it's starting to slide off as it goes. It's a weird scenario where now that it's blocking the section, there's no suction, there's just the pressure of the water, but as it moves it is sliding along with it. All right. Jester, you're helping out with the repairs? Make a general d20 check. I lost that d20, I'll pick that up later. Oh! Natural 20 on Gallan's turn. If you needed that any time, it's fucking now! Gallan sees you mucking up. (grunting) "Let me do it, hold on. Here's how you place it over-- "fuck it. Shit." He does it himself. He goes to town, and earns his keep since he arrived here. One by one, begins taking the best parts of the barrel that Yasha helped him break, begins holding it in place. "Hold this here!" He starts nailing it down. Eventually, over the 20 or so minutes it takes for him to cast the spell, he patches it in a way where he's like, (Scottish accent) "This will "hold for a little bit. But we're going to have--" Why'd I go Scottish there for a second? "This will hold for a little bit. I don't know how long. We're going to have to figure out some way "to fix this, get it to shore, or something." (sighs) "Okay." As you're walking alongside the boat, it's going to pick up speed a little bit here. You're going to have to either have to let this mattress go or find a way to keep it in place. What are you going to do? Okay. The mattress slides away and you see water (spraying). It's a slow leak. It is still taking on water, but slowly. It's a patch job. When Caleb returns, he can tell us what the fuck he was planning with the spell. The crew now rapidly getting the water out of the bottom of the cargo hold. They're throwing it overboard. You gather with the slow leak, in the next couple hours they'll be able to minimize the amount of water that's below there. You guys are now turning towards the island and it's an open bay now. You passed the reef, and you're heading towards the island of Urukayxl. Make a perception check. 26. No dock, but you do see another ship. 20 minutes as they've try to makeshift plug the hole. It's a slow leak still, but they've managed to hold it off. I would say-- you know what, that's clever. I will say if you choose not to let the ocean in, it will not. There you go. It is, yeah. I'd say it's-- They're about maybe-- as you're breaking past the reef, they're a few miles away. It's possible. If you can see them with your naked eye, there's a chance they've seen you, but you don't know. You have no way to confirm that. You just noticed them, you don't see any motion yet. You'd probably have to try and gauge it over a period of time. You are covering that. You've given that information to Orly and he's like, "All right. "I'll keep to that way there." He begins to lead you in that direction, you move the ship that way. Keeping watch as you're shifting around. Are you going south or north side? You're heading south towards the island as you went through the reefs, so now you're on the northwestern side of the island. Okay, it's a little bit north of where you're headed. You're cruising, and you're keeping an eye closely you watch as the ship was stationary begins to move in the direction you're traveling. All right. In pushing the ship ahead as fast as you can with the hole plugged, towards the south side of the island in the attempt to beach it, as you continue the ship is moving to head you off at the pass. Eventually you start getting a closer look at it, and it's a bigger ship than the one you have now. It's dual mast. Well, make a perception check. TRAVIS. Yeah. 16. Okay, as you get situated, you hear (cannon explosion) (water splashing), but a ways away. Yeah. It is a warning shot. You're going to keep going?! Oh you're probably, at this point, about a mile and a half, two miles. Yeah, it's quite a distance from the island, you notice it as you go to move. It's quite a ways. Okay. You slow the ship-- do you come to a stop? All right. The ship, you bring it slowly down. Do you drop anchor? As you're watching off to the side, you can see all the gun ports are open now. But you see two smaller boats that are now coming towards you from the other ship. You can see two separate small crews that are rowing in your direction. The other ship has maneuvered up to the point where it is now, its full starboard side is facing you, full gun ports open. You're in a bad position. Make a perception check. There is one sail that is currently partially unfurled. But from this distance it looks like it's facing away from you, from the direction you're looking, so you can't make out any details on it. But there is some sort of stitching in it. Yeah, you do have the ship's flag up above the Mistake. As these row boats steadily make there way towards your ship, the moment of possible parley approaching, we're going to end the episode there. We'll pick up there for our live show in New York next week. No, you guys were in the Feywild. You fought a feymire crocodile there. (laughs) You should, Sam. Careful, guys, you're making promises the internet live right now. On that note, guys. Thank you, Backblaze. Thank you, D&D Beyond. Thank you guys for coming along with us for a crazy nautical adventure this week.