Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Oh, that was good. Well done. Yeah! It helps when you all say it at once because it just becomes noise at that point and nothing really affects me. I find it funny, it amuses. So yes, welcome! Before we jump into tonight's game, let's go through some quick announcements. First and foremost, we have returning our fantastic sponsor and partner for the beginning of this campaign into the foreseeable future D&D Beyond! Sam, do you have a-- Didn't realize mayonnaise could be a fursona, but I guess we all learned something tonight. Thank you, Sam. What is going on, Sam? Thank you, Sam. Nothing wrong with that, unless you're covered in mayonnaise. Exactly. Another reminder for those of you who have Amazon Prime, can go on Twitch and use your Prime account to subscribe for free to any channel you want to, every month, and I think they just put out an email to Prime members that they have a new way of making sure it notifies you whenever your subscription is up, so you can know when that's happening, which is pretty useful. Also, Talks Machina, of course, is every Tuesday night at 700PM Pacific here on Twitch and Project Alpha, hosted by our fantastic Brian W. Foster. That's going to be your announcement from now on. Cabbageman Foster is a fantastic host of the show, you can check him out next week, thank you, Brian. Podcast of last week's episode is available where all fine podcasts downloadable, so if you want the audio version, or your friends are listening to the audio versions, they can find it now and be caught up after this episode, I guess. I'm talking! That's okay. Heads up to all of our fans, we're going to be at Emerald City Comic Con. Our good friends at Dark Horse will be selling the print version of Vox Machina Origins #1. Oh, that's right, because it's already there! There you go. There you go. Yeah, they only have 1000 copies, so if you're going to get one, get it soon. The limit's only five copies per person, per day, so we'll see how that works out. That's Dark Horse, booth 1708 at the event, so if you're going to be there, look for that. Also, you'll be able to look for these two folks. You guys are flying out to that tomorrow, right? Issue five of the comic book, by the way, goes up March 7th, so next week, you'll be able to check out the fifth comic, the next stage in the story. It's pretty awesome, actually. I'm excited for you guys to check it out. I'm excited to read it myself, so keep an eye out for that. You can find it on Dark Horse's digital comics platform, comiXology, and many other places you can find on the Geek & Sundry website that I didn't bother to put down. Once again, reminding that 826LA and 826 in general is our partner-friend charity from the very beginning of this whole stream and we're still pushing them because they're amazing. Check them out if you haven't had the chance; they do great work, and maybe you can do great work with them either by helping support them-- As a heads up, I'll be at Lexington Comic & Toy Convention next weekend in Kentucky, so for those of you guys who are in that vicinity, come say hello to me! Exactly. Relatively. It's fine. Come and hopefully see me there! We'll have events and signings and all kinds of good stuff, so, yay! I think that's almost all of the announcements? And... I think that's it, right? We got our new Critter coming. So excited. That was pretty great. If you guys haven't seen it yet on Laura and Travis' Twitter, you can go and see the announcement page. It's pretty adorable. It's a pretty big flaw... and for some people it's a strength. I don't know. We laugh now. Oh, man. That's true, yeah! On that note! Congratulations to the two of you guys, we're all super excited for you. And with that, let's go ahead and dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role! [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] That's Sam's gift to you guys. Upon returning, the sun had set. A number of members of the city of Alfield began to thank you for what you've done. They began to come out into the streets and began to make small campfires and play music and basically take this moment to both grieve and be thankful that there are individuals who will stand up and show strength in the face of darkness even this far out on the edges of the empire. In this time, you realize right about now that your new friend Shak채ste seems to have vanished from the vicinity. You glance about, and at a quick look, he's gone. You did, yes. The base of them is a soft leather that's been cured and taken care of once you manage to wipe off some of the blood and soot from the remains of the previous owner. It's a set of goggles that can be comfortably placed over your head, and the glass elements, or the lenses of them have a bluish-purple sheen to them. When you place them over your eyes, because immediately in the vicinity there's the few small bonfires people have gathered around, other than that, it's a dark night sky with stars peeking through the elements of the clouds that have broken apart. It looks like a cloudfront is still blowing in from the eastern side of the valley, but from what little bit of the sky you can see, the stars are there. Upon placing the lenses over your eyes, you have clear definition of all the nearby buildings, the dark alleyways. You have a very clear perspective on anything that is not directly being hit by firelight, and the firelight is almost a little too bright. It tugs all of your horn jewelry and under it in an uncomfortable way. No effect, actually. Do you have Identify as a spell? The ring that would have the pearl on it is no longer on your hand, and the one that you have does have set into it a fairly nice pearl. You can certainly try. As soon as you finish screaming it, you turn around and go face to face with Crute, the rather rough-looking dwarf who runs the Feed and Mead where you guys have been staying. He goes, "Huh, "that would be my place where you are staying." Everyone around is like "Eh." But he's already got your attention. He leads you guys back to the familiar Feed and Mead. Where has been empty previously when you guys were staying there, now there seems to be a little bit of an air of celebration. Since that is where you guys are going, other people are following and it seems the party is going where you're going. As you enter the place, Crute seems excited because now all of a sudden there's a burst in clientele. As you begin to order your drinks, many of the various villagers prevent you from paying. For the remainder of the evening, your drinks are on the town of Alfield. Okay. They're common folk for the most part. Nobody seems to notice. Those that even do watch you aren't going to argue. Now, is that just drinks on you? Okay, depending on how many rounds you guys want, that'll put you down about two gold probably by the time the night is done. Fair enough. Make it three gold (laughs). Caleb, you're spending time-- It is riveting. Make a sleight of hand check. Yes, the pearl is enough for you to focus on the spell. The ring. And you know what this is. Yep. Look at the majesty of this. Make an insight check. She seems to be on the level. You technically have two more. Okay, make a-- is it a wisdom or charisma? Charisma saving throw, please. Yeah. (crash) Onto the table. You finish the spell. They are not magical. They once were, and you can tell by the runes at the base of where the manacles clink together that they were at some point sealed. Whatever enchantment was on them has been released. There's also the glaive. No, there was a glove. (crash) Everyone who's near in the vicinity all of a sudden turns as this loud, heavy clatter of metal chains-- A glaive is a polearm with a giant axe blade at the top of it. It's not a monk weapon. It's a two-handed weapon, yeah. You have a shield, you'd have to get rid of your shield and I have go to see if you have the capability to even use it. Because I don't think you know-- do you know simple weapons? Let me double check real fast. As far as I know-- Yeah, you aren't proficient with glaives, unfortunately. It was on the priest. Yeah, your left arm goes numb for a while. You guys have all grown steadily more intoxicated. That's right. You watch from beneath the mask-- The edges of the toothy goblin grin curl into this uncontrollable smile that threatens to crack the sides of her face. At this point, these two young farm boys, that were in there drinking in the back and watching, listening in, are just staring at Nott and backing away slowly to the back of the room. "We got to go." "We got to go!" They leave the room and everyone else just looking over. Yeah, it's caused a bit of a scene. Does it require attunement? After putting it on, you would actually know the properties of it. No. It's faded by now. Make a charisma saving throw. She did charisma. As you guys finish your cheer, everyone else in the room also lifts their drinks. "Hurrah!" They all give a cheer as well. As the evening continues, some folks come up and tell their stories to you, give you thanks. Share a drink if someone was lost. Some recovered, some not. Overall, everyone seems to be very appreciative. Eventually, whether through just general exhaustion or imbibement, you bring yourself to rest, finding yourselves back to the singular room you've all been sharing here at the Feed and Mead. Three. It's not a big place. At the moment? Yes. Crute, while he has been happy to provide you the evenings free for two rooms, even for all you've done, "I am a businessman, through and through, so I'll give you a discount. Three silver." (laughs) "Of course. Then that will be also three silver." "Thank you." (laughs) You have your own room now. Do you actually partake in pickled ears? You all find yourselves going about what final business you have for the evening before rest takes you. You are doing your-- You watch as you finish the incantation and the ritual comes to a complete cycle, in the center of where you made these markers across the table you hear this slight tearing sound and there is this slight ripple in the air right in front of you in the center of this and it's almost like a slight little tear in reality almost. From that, Frumpkin steps out and lands, looks up at you. (meows) Immediately leaps up into your hands. He purrs against you. Easy enough to do. Oh! Right. TRAVIS and Well, finishing up with you. As you finish that and lay down, you lay on one side, staring towards the wall in this moment of quiet. You feel this strange warmth and you look down underneath your robes and there you have the symbol of the Traveler that you keep on yourself, the door arch and path, and it's warm to the touch, warmer than your skin is. The subtle sensation of familiar closeness comes over you, and wordless, but an emotion washes through your brain that's alien, from the outside of your own thoughts that just says, "I'm with you." Okay. You start going through. There were four letters clustered in here. You tear through the first one and look at it and it looks like it's a shipment ledger up by Nogvurot. Nogvurot, it's a city on the northern end of the empire. It's just an information ledger about shipments received, confirming payment and distribution to which taverns are receiving it, and then asking for the next shipment. The second one that you open is another ledger, this one comes from Deastok to the west. This one's cheaper, it's a smaller ledger. The third one you open up, and it's a complaint-- From Rexxentrum. It's titled by-- it doesn't have the name but it says "The purveyor of the Rotted Stump", which is apparently some sort of bar or tavern saying, "To the Baumbauch family I "would happily request that if you are to send the aforementioned and already paid shipments to our "establishment that they would not be containing any sort of animals of which could chew through "and ruin and spoil the shipments you've been given. We request an immediate refund." It shows a copy of a deal that was made. It's just an open complaint. The fourth one's a little interesting. It's just titled To Demedan Baumbauch. Specifically. Make an intelligence check. No, because this would be an investigation check specifically, not an intelligence, it would be an investigation. Eight. Well. You're just going to have to figure it out on your own. You don't, actually. Okay. Which pouch is this? Oh, Shak채ste's pouch. You find what is roughly a handful of bird seed. Well, it's a heavy pouch and contains about 113 gold pieces. There's some dried jerky and hide in there, just for trail snacks. It seemed like a half road travel pack that Shak채ste was keeping with him and whatever coin he had brought with him on the journey. 113. It does help a little. Go ahead and make an alchemy supplies check. Roll that plus your proficiency bonus and your intelligence. It will take you through the night and part of the morning to do it. With a full night's sleep-- a full rest-- if you start early enough in the night, by about noon tomorrow you'd be done. Throughout that, you manage to create a vial of acid. Looking at it, it looks like the base material for the pearl set in, it's a polished brass that has been treated to look like gold, but some of that treatment is rubbing off and you can see the duller brass color beneath. I will look. As far as your school of transmutation? Wood, stone, iron, copper, or silver. Okay, make a general strength check. 15? It doesn't take you too long. Working on it back and forth you eventually have enough give where the four claws that hold the pearl into the ring set eventually give way and it pops out. It does hit the ground and roll and you quickly catch up to it and grab it. Frumpkin just watches it land. (thunk, thunk) (meows) Okay, yeah. Looking about, at this point in the evening most of it is filtering out. The few stragglers there are the older folks, grizzled farmhands with sunburned skin, thick fingers that have seen a lot of field work, a lot of them reminiscing about days of old, some of them talking about some folks they know that were lost over the previous events, but they seem drunk enough to at least be smiling and laughing about these old stories they bring up. You continue to study these personalities, I imagine you're probably taking in quirks, taking in elements of their body language, their vocal intonations for your own purposes. Okay. As you all eventually close the evening, the morning sun comes to, with Nott sleeping in a little further after staying up late creating a vial of acid. What do you guys want to do? Make a nature check. Make a nature check. You both may make a nature check in this moment, in a strike of inspiration. Okay, you've heard it somewhere. Nothing big, but, like, bloodroot, I've heard of it. You know it. It's a unique flower that is pretty in its own right, but you know it because the places where it's used are usually fenced off in a way that children can't get to them because they are known to be poisonous. Not to the point of death, but to the point of severe nausea and vomiting upon ingestion. It's been probably, at this point, four days, would be my guess. You guys all wake up and get your breakfast situated and sorted, Nott joining you a little later on, but you are fed, the morning is fresh, what would you like to do? Asking around, you're eventually led to where Bryce's location is. Apparently they are in the process of going through paperwork in the Salt Trench Jail. That's where the prisoners of Alfield, this podunk town, keep there imprisoned. Being led to this small but functional shack of stone and dried wood, eventually Bryce emerges, not fully armored, but they're wearing comfortable robes with a bit of the ceremonial maroon and gold that a lot of the Crownsguard and members of that political faction seem to wear. As they emerge, you see Bryce's face brighten up as they say, "You're awake! Come, I've been able to gather enough pay for your deeds the other day. Please, "do step inside." They lead you over to their desk. "How many set of ears have been procured?" "19 sets?" Bryce has a hard time telling the difference at the moment, having been overworked and stressed with the recent goings-on. Counting through, they finish each bit counted. "That comes to--" They pull up a small chest and begin to count out change into a large sack. Then that fills up into a secondary sack, into a third one, finishing with, "A total of 570 gold pieces." "Seven dead bodies at five gold per seven, that will come to 35 gold pieces as well." Which they fill out for you. "Then the live ones were how many?" There were five specifically that you managed to save actively from the tunnel. Shak채ste had already saved an additional seven. (cheering) And a fourth sack is presented as they count out 300-ish more gold pieces. That's a little over a hundred gold each. Not bad, almost can afford a suit of armor. Don't instigate it! You'll regret it. LAURA and After all the counting is done Bryce is writing down feverishly, "For my own ledgers, because I do have to present this paperwork to the crown for the approval of these rewards, what do we call you?" The Mighty Nein. "Please, do spell it for me." "Yes?" "I feel like I was part of something crowd sourced similar to this." I feel like I've been part of a game call "Mighty Number Nine." Yeah. It's a game that I-- It's a Mega Man-- Yes, I know. Oh that game. Anyway! "All right, The Mighty Nein, that is on the paperwork. Are you staying a while in Alfield then? "I don't have much in the way of work here for your type at the moment." "Whereabouts are you going?" "Interesting, well that's much larger for the tastes of most field folk out here. I lived there for about three years when I was younger, in the West Outersteads before joining the Crownsguard and shipping off to Bladegarden. If you are indeed off to Zadash and are in need of a friend, if she's still there. Ask for Claudia Sheed at the Leaky Tap. "Claudia Sheed." "At the Leaky Tap at the East Outersteads." "It is of moderate size." That would be the The Pillow Trove. That's in Tri-Spires. I don't know if you can afford that? I don't know, maybe you can! I don't know." "Good luck." "The Pillow Trove. But The Leaky Tap I recommend. Claudia's great; she owns the place if she's still there." Leaky Tap. "Certain, fine. She's got a good head on her shoulders and at the very least she may be able to guide you to anything you're looking for. Hopefully. Oh! I almost forgot, follow me please." They stand up and close the ledger and lead you outside. About two blocks down by the outside of the stables, titled the On The Wind Stables. There you see outside a hardy looking female dragonborn. Rotund and strong, no tail, who is black scaled, turns around as you approach and gives a quick hand up to Bryce and Bryce approaches. "Ah, thank you Durmas. Everyone this is Durmas. She is the main stable hand here at the On The Wind. We've taken, as a bit of appreciation here, we've outfitted you with a new cart as the previous one was a bit-- It had carried many of our dead, so Durmas." And Durmas steps forth and says, "Great. I have presented for you this cart that we had made. It belonged to somebody here, but it is now yours. It is well made, it is larger than what you had previously and does not smell of blood and feces." SAM and "Very well." She steps back and starts getting the two horses, one that you had brought along and the other that you had discovered out there. They've already been hitched to the cart. Fed and watered, cleaned, brushed. "I'm sure that can be done. Yes, I can lend you some. I wish you'd told me back in the office." "I think I do, and I don't know if this is the city to find that, unfortunately. You have much better luck in Zadash." "Of course." You watch as they smile a bit based on your sudden interest and they say, "Why do you ask?" "Best that I summon him? But I can retrieve him." "I'll be right back. We've taken--" And at that point you hear a slapping sound, you watch as Shumas the dragonborn, she's taken the large manticore head. And is chained into the side and slammed it on to the side of the cart. You still have that. Shumas-- oh no! Durmas! Sorry. No, Shumas is a region in Marquet, sorry. I have too much in my brain. We can slowly crash every song's YouTube's comments now. As you guys are getting your stuff situated onto the cart, eventually you watch as four crownsguard approach along with Bryce and the small robed gnomish figure of Starosta Kosh. "Right, I've been summoned. What is your business?" "I've been told that you did a great service for Alfield and for that I am very thankful." "What?" "And you have been paid handsomely for it. As the Watchmaster has notified me." "I'm confused? This is strange, but no I believe that our business is complete." You watch as his face loses color. His hand drops to his side. "Um. I will be happy to write you a letter of recommendation, but I cannot assure you that it will be accepted as there are many points of acceptance within the Academy. And is quite a bit of travel to Rexxentrum anyway. Is this to the actual Soltryce?" "Very well, it will be done in just a moment. What is your name?" "Have you a surname?" Fuck you! (hysterical laughter) Oh, I was keeping it together so well. Here, buddy. "I'll return in the next 15 minutes." Starosta turns and gives a long look of simmering fury behind a forced smile to Jester. Spins around then walks off in a haughty march to wherever he came from. Make a history check. You may. You actually wouldn't have. No. It's outside of the Empire. It's history. Okay. This makes sense for you since you grew up in the Menagerie Coast, though in Port Damali. The Ruby of the Sea is well known in some circles. You've only heard rumors. Belongs to an establishment that specializes in all forms of socializing, entertainment, and is one of the most prominent brothels in the Menagerie Coast, in which the Ruby of the Sea is known to be the star courtesan. Many travel all across the Menagerie Coast and beyond, supposedly, to be within her company. Many have fallen in love with her and had their hearts broken. There are poems and songs that have wandered through bars and taverns that spoke of her, that first caught your interest. It seems like a faint, distant tale that was just a myth that people made up or someone spoke of. Ruby of the Sea, it sounds amorphous. A well-known bar jingle all across Wildemount. It's more of a jingle than a song, really. (singing) 800-588-Ruby of the Sea now! Today! Anyway. "Ahem!" You look and see that the Crownsguard are approaching. And there's the Starosta Kosh there with a rolled up piece of parchment which he presents with a broad smile. "As you requested." "Of course, it's everything I can do. Now, be on your way." "Go! Please." He huffs off, they all begin to leave as you guys go to your cart. The Watchmaster comes up one last time and they say, "Sincerely, you've saved many lives and... A paltry sum I could get approved, but know that you have my gratitude. "Of course. Good luck to you. I hope our paths cross again." "Yasha?" "I'll try my best." "All right." All right. 20? Seems, straight and narrow. Hard to read, but it seems to be fairly forthright. As far as the date? I have to go and look that up. It is the 12th of Fessuran. It's getting towards the start of fall. (coughing) On the other side there is Durmas leaning on one of the horses. "All right, so, your horses are ready, your cart is ready." LAURA and "You should probably go." All right. Durmas gets behind and pushes the cart out as the horses clomp out. "My business is paid, good luck." She goes back into the stable and goes about her work. Animal handling check. Yeah. A slight flick of the reins watching your various allies previously travel with a controlled snap, the horses lurch and (clopping). With that, you guys make yourselves westward through the central streets of Alfield. A few folks come out and watch you leave, those who were present for the evening, and with a final silent nod and smile you make your way back onto the Amber Road heading northward deep into the Marrow Valley on your way to Zadash. And we're going to take a break there. (cheering) Yeah, she did. She was coughing too hard the week before last. How are you doing? Yeah, you go do that. I'm going to take care of my wife here in a minute. All right guys, we'll be back here in a little bit from the break continuing the story as they head to the open road, heading northward towards Zadash on the Amber Road. We have our contest from Wyrmwood this week, they're giving away two more of their awesome Kickstarter boxes. This is-- Those who haven't see it. Get the fuck out of this thing. There it is! It is their awesome-- what is this called? Is this the-- Freaking awesome, here comes the dice box, and then it has this case which has inside of it dice, pen-- It's freaking great. A little section there for keeping a mini or whatever else you want to put in there, we're giving away two of these at the break so be prepared. Through a misunderstanding, you don't have to wait for a prompt, as soon as we go to break you can enter in the chat. So I apologize if I've been fucking with people, that's on me, that's my fault. For this week, the keyword is Gates, G-A-T-E-S, so when we go to the break enter the Twitch chat room. You can only enter it once, if you enter it more than once you'll be disqualified. I'll have two winners for you who will win two of this delightful things from my friends at Wyrmwood Gaming when we return. See you in just a minute. [break] Yeah. Don't turn and sneeze! Exactly. Speaking of which, guys. You've begun your trek northward back on the Amber Road, passing through the high grass fields, the rolling hills. The sky grows more cloudy, and as the day progresses, uneventful, three horses carrying crownsguard are patrolling down the Amber Road and pass by, and watch them nod as they continue on. As you continue down, for the remainder of the day-- you guys probably left around noon. Eight hours of travel, would say is a standard travel day for a horse, so that'll be just past sunset. That's true. So you get back a little bit on the travel. Not too bad. Continuing on, you hit sunset, and your horse could go for a few more hours. Do you wish to continue to travel in the night? Follow the road? Right as the sky begins to grow dark enough to threaten vision for distant vision, at least. You use darkvision, you have a closer proximity. The sky is as dark and the distance is as hard to see. But nearby, there's some decent shapes and outlines. Yep. "Are you in here for drugs?" "No. What are you in for?" "Drugs." You don't see any landmarks that would gather your attention to be a place to stay or stop at or rest for the evening. Your best plans would be to look for something not far off the road in the natural environment to make camp. Who is helming that expedition? Both you guys roll perception. Okay. You find a small clearing that looks to be a handful of rocks that were partially lodged into the ground long ago that have since been overgrown with moss and grass. But there is a bit a small opening where it looks to be the remains of charcoal. A fire has once, or many times, been built and then put out there. So it looks like a standard place where people have set up camp while making their trips up and down the Amber Road. Easy enough to do. So you guys set up for the evening? You gather yourselves around, build a small fire. It doesn't make much of a (fut fut), much to your disappointment. But a fire is built. You all begin to bed down for the evening, and who's taking first watch? Okay. You can break it up between, probably let's say, three watches over a casual evening. Perception check from you, please. Okay. An uneventful evening continues for you. You trade off to Fjord. Fjord, make a perception check. Your mighty nine allows you to keep an eye out as the dark perimeter seems to bring no shapes or movements of interest other than the occasional sound of the wind blowing through the fields and the distant dark. Then your watch is up. Beauregard, perception check, please. Keeping an eye out, best you can, the sleep takes you eventually and you end up cheating on the last few hours of your watch. Nevertheless, you all come to consciousness in the morning intact and fine. You begin your way further on the road for a second day. Now, who's guiding the-- I would say more of who's keeping a perimeter watch during the next day's journey? All right. So one of you two, we'll say that's the case, make a perception check with advantage because of Jester's aiding. Keeping with the theme of the name, I guess. Yeah, those are still with you. Continuing on for the rest of the day, eventually you pass by a small travel wagon. It's similar to the size of the cart that you have, but it has some cushioned seats set up in the back. You look towards three, well dressed individuals that are looking miserable. They're sitting in the back of the cart as it rides by with a single coachman whose single horse is pulling it along with a rather rapid pace. You watch as they begin to approach, the few bumps that hit the road are hitting them relatively hard because of the pace of which they're keeping. Some of them kind of get flung up, and you watch their hair get mussed and they quickly put it back into place. Make a perception check. Okay. The best you can tell, the cargo within are personal bags. There's nothing of what looks to be cargo cargo, at least what you have seen in previous bits of people that have traveled down here. Especially the trade caravan you passed on your way up to Alfield. This looks to be more of a personnel-based journey. They pass glaring as they look at your colorful variety of individuals. Yeah, heading south. I mean, they're well-dressed. They look to be of bourgeois class. Not upper crust, but better than most you've encountered on this side of the Empire at least. And they seem to almost-- aside from glaring as you pass-- pay no mind to any of your verbiage beyond, you motherfuckers. All right. Continuing on for the remainder of the day, seeing nothing else that catches your eye along the journey, eventually the night comes to a close once more. You guys have pretty much hit the extent of your horses' energy for the day's travel right as the sun begins to set. So you can pull off and make another camp for this evening. Who's helming that one? Go for it! Yes. Not too-- ooh, not good for you. That's fine. Easy enough, you find-- You find, maybe a few hundred feet off of the eastern side of the Amber Road, a small dip in the ground. It looks like an area where the earth seems to sink almost a bit. This crucible-type look for maybe 60 or so feet. There in the center, you see another well-used stop along the way. There's some discarded, empty scraps of sack. You can see a couple of small stone rings where fires were previously set. There's a lot of travel on this road, and so it's not too difficult, if you're keeping an eye out for a while, to find some place that's been used over time as a place to rest for the evening. So you set up camp there without an issue. Right. For a 20-foot cube. All right. So after setting up your alarm-- As you complete your set up for the evening, make a perception check. Okay. You are sitting back for a minute , the fire crackling to a very diminutive ember. There's just a bit of light slowly flickering off, framing the outer shapes of your various sleeping friends and companions. You don't hear the snapping of twigs because it's subtle enough. A brief tickle hits the back of your head, Caleb, as the thread perimeter is broken. As that happens, a voice goes, "I wouldn't do that if I were you!" At which point, you immediately whip around and you guys see, in the vicinity, standing directly around where you're sleeping, you see nine figures. This number coming up is so creepy, you guys. They all look humanoid-- some variation to height, but most of them seem to be standard human size. Various degrees of patchwork hide armors, some leathers, a lot of what seems to be cobbled together and scrapped to build some sort of defense. You see a uniform mismatch of green, blues, and black cloths that are covering most of the faces. And hoods. One's green. One's blue. Couple of black. Yeah, completely different thing. As you all begin to come to conscious and look around, you can see some of them have hand crossbows that they're holding out in front. Two of them have heavy crossbows that are currently being held with two hands that are all locked in. There are a few of them that have shortswords drawn, one in each hand. They're all threatening, but not raring to leap. The one that had spoken out against that, who's right behind you, Molly. With his boot, presses it against the blade of one of your scimitars, and says, "I would recommend you just take a step away from that." You feel this very sharp point of a nocked crossbow bolt that taps the back of your skull. They're both set in your usual, placed wrapping. Your ceremonial set before you go to bed at night. Okay. He's stepping on them right now. Okay. As you begin to walk towards the cart, which is breaking the perimeter of their holding, the ones on that side go (disapproving sounds). The one who spoke up before just goes, "All right. No big moves. No trouble wanted. Get your friends up. Place your valuables onto that cart for us, you have hitched over there. And we'll leave you with your life. No worries-- " Okay. Make a sleight of hand check. As soon as you begin to-- and, correct me if I'm wrong. Friends-- actually, let me see here. Friends is-- no! It's-- Okay. Yeah, so your charisma checks. The spell seems to take an effect. Make a deception check. Yeah, it gives you advantage. Yeah. You watch as one of the eyes over the face scarf closes and twitches. He goes, "Right, good to know. Then--" (Liam sneezes loudly) "Then I suggest you all just get down on your knees and stay where you are. We're just going to take your cart and what's inside of it." Take the cart and what's inside of it. They all begin to shift slowly, all keeping their weapons drawn, begin to move over towards the cart. One of them hops up into the back and begins rummaging through the stuff. At which point, one of them pull over a cloth. He goes, "Jesus Chri--" They all turn around, weapons drawn again like, "What the fuck are these people doing?" Looks over to Fjord. "You also infected?" (laughter) Make an intimidation check. This would be the very tail end of your Friends spell. Yeah. He looks to the rest of the guys. "I don't know..." There's a moment where the spell comes to an end and he goes, "Clever motherfucker." Okay! Okay. Well, they had weapons drawn and were prepared for something. This is all going to happen simultaneously. You're attacking. What are you doing? Okay. Scorching Ray to the guy who's been talking as well? Scorching Ray to the guy who's been talking as well? Okay. Okay. Who are you going to get in front of? You're all in a clustered circle; you're in your camp. Except for Molly, who's-- Okay. Fjord? Okay. Towards the main guy? Okay. Go ahead and make your attack rolls, please. Oh, you're doing Spiritual Weapon. Yes. 15? That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Caleb, make your attacks for the Scorching Ray. Yes. The first one. Multiple rays. Hits. All three hit. 37 points of damage? Yeah. Immediately as that ray is released. That's a 16 to hit? 21 to hit. Yeah. That's a 19 to hit. And a 12 to hit. Okay. As the flames escape, four crossbow bolts two of them are heavy, and two of them are light crossbow. Correct. You went to intercede. I'll allow you to take the hit on that one then. The damage goes through to you automatically. I'll allow you to do one of them. Well, technically I already made the attack rolls, and you didn't say that. That's okay. That would have been seven points of piercing damage. You catch one right before it hits Caleb. You can! That is a d10, plus your dexterity modifier. Yeah. It's a heavy crossbow. Yes. Well, you still have to roll to hit, right? You have to roll to hit back, yeah. Yeah. You're considered proficient, though. Yeah, that hits. Okay. Caleb you do suffer from the bolts that do make it through to you. 19 points of piercing damage. (rapid thudding) The last thing you watch is the leader, who'd been talking with you, gets slammed up in the air about two feet with an uppercut from a mystical lollipop, and then all the rays incinerate him into ash in midair. He is scattered to ash. One of the other guys gets hit with his own bolt. Another guy goes blind. What are you doing? Against which guy? All right. 19 to hit works. Go ahead and roll damage. He gets a blast to the side of the face and goes down unconscious onto the ground. His crossbow fires wide into the air, and disappears into the night sky. As soon as this happens, as you fall unconscious, all these hits happen like this Mexican standoff that just suddenly-- All this action happens at once. Caleb goes down! Two other guys double over! Two of them go, "Wait, wait! Hold on! Hold on!" Okay. (laughter) All of a sudden, as the sucker's spinning, and you watch as this bright burst of radiant energy's crackling on the edge of this nasty-looking, gnollish blade. They're all just standing there. "What happened to Trevor?" Okay. All right, go for it. One of them nearby walks over to where Trevor was, where his boots on the ground now are smoking, and picks up a handful of ash and goes-- "We're going to go ahead and wish you a good night." (whistles) "We don't have a cart." "No, we were taking your cart." "Well, we steal your cart and then we get your stuff and--" "Shut up!" He's like, "I'm sorry." Make an intimidation check. He goes, "No!" Is this the Vicious Mockery? Right! That's a four. He goes, "The man makes a valid point," and starts taking his trousers off immediately in the place. All the other guys go (questioning stutters). They all start pulling and stripping their armor off. As they take their masks off, you can see a lot of them just look like dirty, poor, wandering brigands. A lot of them are missing varying teeth. A lot of them look like they haven't had a bath in days. They look kind of like Caleb. They look genuinely perturbed by the fact that you incinerated their de facto leader, Trevor. There's a moment where they go from these really frightening nameless thieves to a bunch of people that you feel sorry for as they strip down and throw their armor on the ground. A lot of them are left with either just some semblance of slacks or some sort of tattered long johns that are just stained and awful. They throw their crossbows onto the ground. They throw their shortswords and daggers onto the ground. Well, there are two shortswords that are currently covered in soot, that was once their previous owner. All the rest of the armor has been burnt and charred. And there is ashes. Make a perception check. You do see there are, a ways over the previous hill, nine horses that are all briefly hitched to a few stakes that are pounded into the ground. Make an animal handling check. You have been learning, as you've made your way past these barriers with nature's beautiful, natural creatures. Manage to get four sets of these reins, and these horses look pretty malnourished, and they were probably stolen too. Some of them have brands, but different types of brands. You get the sense that they were probably pulled from different homesteads. As you pull them together, there's a moment of you waiting for them to draw and quarter you. Just based on what you're holding. Just like (yelps). But they follow. You carefully begin to walk a perimeter around. While that's happening-- Two of the ones go, "Me!" They both look at each other and shoot each other down with these horrible glares and go, "No, it's me!" again, at the same time. Both say, "Fuck you!" at the same time. (Groans) And they're just frustrated. "Yeah." They both come together and (tapping). All right, the one on the left, who looks to be a scraggly redhead, probably close to 20 or 21 years old, wins the bout of boulder-parchment-shears. "You know, I wouldn't say so. Yeah, no, I mean, Trevor, he--" "I know! Trevor's turned to ashes." "It was very bad. He was a very bad man." "Yeah. Yeah, you're right. You are right. Right?" And all the boys go, "Right." "Are you going to bathe me?" (whimpers) They start taking their clothes and the one who this one kid beat at boulder-parchment-shears is like, "You fucked up, Zenny." "Right." They all start putting on bits of their clothing, most of them are just holding it under their arms. There's eight now and three of them look like they're hurting pretty bad. One of them has their own crossbow bolt in their chest that Beau threw and it's still there and he's (groans) holding it. They all look very confused. They all lower their heads and one of them goes, "Yeah, Zenny." He's like, "Shut up." "Right." "Right." "Right." "Right." (laughter) Two of them drop the coins on the ground and then pick them up again, but with bits of their cloth. You see as three of them are, quietly under their breath, "Mighty Nein, Mighty Nein, okay." It's at that moment you think you've lost most of them. Use Thaumaturgy to make that, "(low-pitched) And ever!" You Gandalf-voice it for a moment and they all take a step back, "So, leader Zenny, where are we off to?" He's like, "Um, I think, let's just head to Felderwin." "Okay. Thank you." "Okay!" They all quickly dart off, they're pulling their pants up the rest of the way and they're making their way back into the field. They're avoiding-- yeah, you've certainly made their evening. You guys eventually settle yourselves down to continue your evening of rest. All right. Keep in mind now that you're having to feed and take of six horses. You're running pretty low on doughnuts, by the way. Yeah. They didn't start as lemon tarts. Basically, yeah. Make an insight check. Hard to read. Two heavy crossbows. Three light crossbows. Two hand crossbows. What would amount to 43 bolts. Yeah, those will be helpful to you. And six shortswords and two daggers. You can load up in that cart. Carrying them on your person would be a problem, that cart's getting pretty full. Thankfully you have more horses. Mind you, all the equipment you found from them, not in the best condition. The swords are dinged to shit. They're chipped in places like they've been banged against hard pieces. He's breathing, he's good. You guys eventually find yourselves back to rest for the evening. You're keeping second watch now? Nott, go ahead and roll a perception check for me, please. Okay. All right. Third and final watch? Go for it. Yeah. During your final watch, as people are finishing up their rest, the sun just barely begins to-- or would be cresting over the hills. The slight change in light is the precursor that notifies you of dawn, however, the heavy, dark clouds in the sky and the sudden sound of thunder immediately followed the freezing cold rainfall that begins to spill across the entirety of your campsite. All of you begin to come to consciousness, finishing your long rest, by immediately being drenched in freezing water of a recent storm here on the Marrow Valley fields. Okay. you guys all bundle up what you can. The horses are trying to stay warm and cuddle up next to each other. I'm not going to talk about the state of the manticore head at the moment, which is now drenched in rain. You guys you have rested for the evening. you continue back onto the path and continue forward. Who's keeping watch on this next journey? Perception check for me, please. You glance off the side of the western edge of the Amber Road and see a neglected gravesite, maybe 300 feet off the road's path. It's overgrown in the fields. At a quick glance, you can gather maybe close to 200 various stones that are grave markers in various states of disrepair and erosion over time. As you ride past and see in the distance, it looks to be an older landmark, that's been left to be reclaimed by nature. You'd probably get about 80 or 90 feet from it. No, everyone's up in the cart, or riding. You guys continue on past, up the road. Are you still keeping watch on this? You glance over to where he's going to pee and you can see a long in disuse cemetery. Okay. Okay. As you're finishing your business, you can get within 30 feet or so and you see that a lot of the stones are intact, some of them have been cracked and broken, a lot of them-- what once may have been a well-kept perimeter of earth, dirt, and dust has since been completely retaken by the grasses of the field. While the grasses aren't as tall as the surrounding field may be, the greenery and the moss has taken a lot of the stone and to read a lot of them you would probably have to clear off whatever bit of growth has reached up and claimed them. Okay. As you begin to do a conscious pass across the grave, nothing magical catches your attention within the radius you're observing. Make an investigation check. As you're seeking anything that's related to the undead, yeah, go for it. Okay. As you pick one and look for any signs of grave emerging or grave robbery, or different things that may be attributed to the necromantic studies that involve the creation and/or maintenance of undead, the site seems to be largely undisturbed. You go through one name and it says "Bagent" and the next once you go by says "Avryn" and the next stone says "Emor." The markings are simple. They're very simple stones. It looks like whoever was buried here was done so at the very basic level of marking a grave site. Your foot hits something hard on the ground and your toe-- and you look down at a rusted helmet of iron make. You pick it up. Make a history check. You're unable to make out any details of the construction of it or any significance of it, but it's an old helmet. And it looks like a lot of the edges of it appear to have just slowly been taken by the oxidization-- As you guys are waiting, Caleb's returned, and a few minutes later, maybe about ten minutes after, you watch as Molly approaches, tossing this deeply rusted iron helmet in his hand. Make a history check. Okay. You have a little more grasp and understanding of the history of the valley. The markings on this indicate that this helmet belonged to a regiment of the Julous Dominion. The Julous Dominion, which you recall is the last remaining empire to be conquered by the Dwendalian Empire, nearly two centuries before. Zadash was the capital of that empire before the Dwendalian rule conquered them and took over. As opposed to erasing their society, they just allowed it to be integrated into their own beliefs, and then just imposed their life upon those people, their laws, their rules, and adjusted as they saw fit. That marked the end of it. This gravesite seems to have been a reminder of soldiers that fought, probably, in those conflicts or something around that time period, and has just been left to the annals of memory as the Dwendalian influence left no real particular interest in those to keep tabs of the history behind them. You guys continue moving northward again, the rain still pouring as you all maintain warmth best you can, bundling up with the various travel supplies, blankets and insulation you can muster off the cart and your own-- Yep. (sad meow). As you push into the latter half of the afternoon, a few hours before the sun begins to set, you begin cresting a large hill along the road, before you notice a trio of spiky peaks catching your eye, breaking the skyline ahead of you. As you begin to come higher up to the top of that hillside, you can watch these peaks slowly unveil into the rest of the massive skyline of the city of Zadash, breaking the horizon. It's an incredible sight compared to the rural townships you've encountered here in the empire thus far, and comparable in mass to the coastal metropolis of Port Damali, where you grew up. The 15-foot perimeter walls outline the somewhat triangular shape of the city from your current perspective. The communities spilling beyond the protective bulwarks cascade beyond the walls into ramshackle tent cities and hovel towns. As you ride down the road towards the stretch that leads to the southern gates, you pass through fields of crop workers that are currently out there with heavy shawls and head coverings, in the process of harvesting various vegetables and crops from the field. Some take note of your presence and watch as you pass and then go amongst their work; others are too involved, could care less about the constant passing of travelers northward and southward. As you approach closer to the city still, the external neighborhoods begin to envelop your vision as small farmsteads, homes, begin to mingle with these tents and shacks you had seen at a distance. A mother in ragged clothes plucks a chicken before noticing your band and sending her six-year-old boy over, dirt smeared on his face and no shoes, running up to the mud outside the cart and puts his hands out towards you as you walk past. He takes it and runs back to his mom and she just nods. Doesn't make eye contact with you, but as soon as the child approaches, gives a nod. Continues pulling feathers out. Pushing on, the foot traffic-- Okay. Easily enough. Pushing on, the foot traffic grows heavier near the gate. A huge, 15-foot wide, currently open portcullis is being held aloft by chains beyond your visual range. As two pairs of crownsguards flank each side of this opening with semi-watchful eyes. They're not interrogating passersby; they're keeping a close watch as folks enter in and out. You can see another caravan is currently in the process of loading up and getting ready to leave southward. You can see people are walking in and out from the external shantytown, and other individuals are-- some are paying attention to the rather, once again, your colorful band by comparison; most of the folks you see here range between your typical human populace to the occasional halfling and dwarf. The fairer races beyond that haven't caught your eye yet on this exterior perimeter. Stepping beyond, the crownsguard keeping a watch as you pass, you emerge beyond the threshold of the entry gate on the southern wall here, into Zadash. The smell of wet earth, manure immediately hits your nose, accompanied by the sound of hooves, mingling conversations, distant shouts, and the barking of dogs as they welcome you into this new and interesting city. Glancing up, you can see the buildings around you that flank the street continue to be rather destitute in the atmosphere, but then eventually begin to graduate into a standard village feel. You've arrived. It is still raining. Bryce, when you were talking about this, Bryce grew up in the West Outersteads, but Leaky Tap is in the east. Still take your notes! As the horses are clopping through the mud and you guys are having this conversation, slowly making your way through town, everyone else is rushing about their business, but you're just leisurely just taking in the vicinity. You hear this coughing off to the side, and you watch as a bundled up, hunched-looking human approaches and goes, "Well, hello! You look a bit lost, and obviously not from around here." As the face looks up, you can see within the hood, a somewhat pudgy-looking older man in his mid-60s or so, it looks to be. He has a thick, bushy, gray mustache that turns into a full Stonewall beard on the side. He has a monocle up in one eye, but it looks a bit scratched. The cloak he's wearing is just covering the rest of his form, but as he looks and goes, "I'm just happy to greet you to our fair city. Do you require anyone to help you around? Show you the grounds?" "Well, for a day's work, that would merely run you a paltry two gold pieces." "I am Ulysses Stanneras. I've lived here my entire life. I'm a purveyor of all the great sites and sounds of the city, and it would be my pleasure." They have watches? (laughs) There is clockwork in this-- "Well, there is a small tunnel, maybe about several hundred feet above; it'll give us some break from the rain." Of course. Make an ins-- (laughs and coughs) Yeah, you may. I love this so much. "Or, not. You're welcome to wander as you see fit but I was just merely willing to help." He takes the edges and daintily holds the cloak open presentery style and he's dressed in very fine clothing, like a nice coat that's buttoned, with a little cravat and fine trousers. Or at least they were at one point, the edges are a little tattered. It looks like his one nice suit that he's had for maybe 20 years and it's definitely seen some rough days. You get the sense, from this whole package here, that either he feigns some level of prominence or has fallen very hard from it. "Yes?" Make an intimidation check with advantage. He goes "Well, first off that's terribly rude, affecting me with any sort of arcane-based nature enchantments upon first meeting you when I've been so gracious." "But do you pay?" "Then I think we will do quite well working together." "I know better than to cross anyone with a--" "Well then, shall we get out of this rain? Follow me." He closes his cloak and begins to dart with a really rapid gait further down the road and then turn off to the right. You can now see the city. Beyond the outer wall, it looks like there are a number of perimeter walls that have arches between them almost like under a bridge and there are constructs-- houses that are built through those gaps and in these small tunnels that are maybe 15 to 20 feet in length but, you know, 40 foot wide where these large separation barriers are and you can see along the top there are carts that move on their own along these wall tops and it catches your eyes. One of them shifts down, it's curious. Kind of. He guides you underneath one of these arches. Yeah, there are people wandering through. It's just where one of the streets turns off to it. It sounded a lot shadier when he presented it than it was, but it's more just like a brief respite from where people are walking through and occasionally you see a couple crownsguard that come through passing. "Oh, that's all right" "That's impressive, Mighty Nein." He pulls his hood back and he has this Benjamin Franklin skullet going on where there it's curly, wavy, gray hair, but it's balding on top and he throws the cloak over one shoulder. "So now that you've arrived. What's your business here? What can I help you with? What do you want to see? What can I show you?" "Both of those you can probably find in the Pentamarket." "Pentamarket." "It would have probably some of the finer inks, yes. The finest you could probably find there or in the Tri-Spires." "Tri-Spires." "There are a few places you could go, yes. Actually, if we're going towards the Pentamarket, your best luck there would be the Invulnerable Vagrant. Yes." "Yes." "That would probably be at the Archive. "Yes." "The Archive of the Cobalt Soul here in the city. It's a library that is maintained by a number of... believers. But as long as you're not taking anything from within, and you have approved entry and are heavily watched within, for the most part you can peruse the content of the interior." "I mean, I'm sure there are, but I would not bother myself with such base interests of reading." Make an insight check. "My pleasure." "Then, perhaps, if you find your way somehow into the Tri-Spires' southern quarter, somewhere in the vicinity of--" Let me look it up real fast. Look at my own notes. "On the southern side of the Silken Terrace, you'll find a place known as Chastity's Nook. That may be where you'll find what you're looking for, friend." "The Leaky Tap, you say? Well, it's affordable." "Fair enough, fair enough. The Leaky Tap, that'll be in the East Outersteads, actually. Bit of a rowdy clientele." "It's bawdy and fun." "For your clientele--" "That could be--" You guys are really-- "The Steam's Respite." "That's what I'm here for." "That is." He glances quickly over towards Caleb. "You aren't planning to stay there, are you?" "They work for a certain clientele." "Those who live in the Tri-Spire or can afford to stay at the-- Well, you're welcome to try." "You could say that, yes." "Not anymore." "I was a man about town, yes." "Well, things change. Life changes. Partners disappear with your business's goods and funds and leave you having to make a living showing people around the city." "It's very sad, I know. But anyway." "We used to run a business that sold and traded leathers, but I was ousted and I've been scraping by ever since." "I was more of a business connection, if you will. My partner was the crafter. I knew a few things I'd picked up throughout the years, but--" "Put it this way. Strangely enough, I make half as much with a quarter of the emphasis doing what I'm doing for you now." "A lot of people come through town." "It can be. You can look for work. You can head to the--" He points out here. This would be, "The Signet Wall, if you're more of a sellsword." "The Signet Wall. That's where the military stays, and most of the Crownsguard are holed up." "The Pentamarket would be a place where you could find. There is the Spark Hammer Smithing, that would be of aid to you. There's also Packwearer's Provisions, but they're more of a smaller scale, smithing goods, tools, and such." "And, looking up at the sky, it appears the sun has set, which means my purchased day is done. It's been an absolute pleasure." "Well, it appears that our business transaction has come to an end. If you would like to rent another day, I'd be happy to answer your questions." He leans forward to you with a closer look. He goes, "Maybe." Make a deception check. The fact that that was your lie scares him more than believing it could've ever done. He goes, "Very well. Enjoy your stay at the Leaky Tap. I'll be on my way." He throws his hood up and darts back out into the rain. Okay. You guys are making your way towards the East Outersteads? You'd have to curve around to do that. Do you want to? You don't know. Well, you've been here. You haven't spent a lot of time in Zadash. In fact, probably the last thing you did before your family said, "Come home," was here. You know it a little bit. You've been to the Pentamarket, you would be able to guide the rest of them through the Pentamarket if you wanted to. Yeah. Some of them do, some of them don't. Some merchants prefer to use the night for revelry and spending some of what they made for the day. Some know that those who drink and revel sometimes make poor choices in their purchases, so it can vary. As you guys wander through the cold rain, making your way, aside from you, perhaps, this is the largest city any of you have visited. Comparable to Port Damali, but much taller. Damali was a little more spread out. This has architecture and buildings that are designed to rise, and almost seem to curve when you're looking up at it. In certain moments, if you're not careful, it can give a hint of vertigo, just at the height of some of these structures. Yeah, that's a good way to put it. Rexxentrum is still easily twice the size of this city. As you make your way outside of the Pentamarket, and it's called this because central to Zadash, a number of the streets that bisect it naturally carved a pentagonal shape and the interior between all these streets has since become the center of most merchant business, and there's a bazaar set up in the center of that penta-shape, where carts and tents and buildings are out there all day, every day. It's an open market. As you're making your way through the rain, some of them are closing early. Some of them are closing up because of the weather, and it's not going as well as most days would when it isn't so freezing. You can see your breath escaping from you with each exhale. You ask around a bit. Make an investigation check, as you're guiding the troupe. Easy enough. You ask around. You see a few folks that seem to be locals, or at least who often find their way through this district. They lead you over towards a large building of stained wood and green-gold velvet hanging on the outside. The first thought is, that velvet's going to get ruined in this rain! As you approach the exterior of it, the building is untouched. It is dry. You do glance up, and you can see, carved delicately into a wood placard above the doors, which are currently closed, but little slips of glass in each door reveal a warm, lit interior that's glowing from the inside out. It says, The Invulnerable Vagrant. Okay. Who's entering? You guys staying out? Okay. As you enter the interior of the building, it's warm. It's very warm, and it's a nice change of pace. You immediately throw your cloak back as the temperature shift causes you -- everyone but you, actually, you're pretty comfortable in the cold-- to immediately throw your heavy layers back. On the immediate entry, you can see there's lanterns all throughout the chamber that are hanging up above, flickering candlelight, but they all flicker like there's wind when there's none. You also notice that all of them are floating. They're little glass chambers that contain the candle and they're all slowly gyrating, held in place. Inside the chamber you can see a long table that has a few small books laid out. On a velvet raised platform there's a long blade, like a rapier of some kind. It looks jeweled and gorgeous. In the back there appears to be a shelf with books and books and books with a desk. You see three figures, two of which are facing away behind the desk. The one that is closest to you turns around to make your appearance. You see a large, seven-foot tall humanoid figure. Short, bushy, curly brown hair fros up a little bit. The body is very fine grayish brown fur. And their nose is wide almost like a cow or a bull's nose across a human face. The chin's a bit square and the physicality is hunched and there's just a big smile on the face. Make a nature check. You have not encountered this folk before in your travels. It's rare to see them ingrained in society this close. Firbolgs-- MARISHA and Yeah, they are usually a more nature-based, free-spirited people that live more towards the mountains of the northern forests in the Greying Wildlands and beyond. To see one here in society catches you off-guard, let alone one that's dressed so well. You can see these long elegant robes of deep green and gold and this big smile on his face as he spins around. "Yes. I'm happy to help you." Yeah. You know of them. Yeah. "Before we can get to that, I just have to say you're, respectfully, terribly filthy. And this is an establishment that I have to insist requires some more cleanliness." As he waves his hand in front of you, you watch as all the dirt on your coat just begins to sift away. Your clothing becomes clean right up the front of you reaching up towards your neck. The dirt begins to fleck away across your face. As you fight it, a moment passes and you see before you for the first time since you've met, a sparkly clean Caleb. "Oh, you're just an excitable little friend there, aren't you?" This giant hand goes down and pats you on the head. At this point, the two other figures in the back turn around and it's the same guy. LIAM and There's two more of the same firbolg. The same outfit. Same exact visual. They both go, "Hi!" "Hi." "Ho, ho, ho! Well, that's just impressive." He reaches out and puts his hand out to shake your hand. "What's your name?" "And what's your name?" It goes through her hand. "Oh, that's an illusion. Okay. I'm Enchanter Pumat Sol. And this--" "I am also Enchanter Pumat Sol." And the third one goes, "I myself am also Enchanter Pumat Sol." "The fourth one's in the back." "There's the prime Pumat Sol and the three of us are what you would call magically manifested duplicates to aid in his work." "Well! Welcome to the establishment The Invulnerable Vagrant greets all of you humbly." "Oh, we have both of those things, come with me." He turns around and you can see now as he turns around his head is about to smack into one of these candles and he just-- knowing where it is. He's been so practiced, he just ducks under it and continues walking toward the back. "He needs some--" "Oh I heard him." He turns around and takes down a couple of inkwells and sets them in front. The other one is pulling out stacks of paper and parchment and is stacking them up, and they set them there. "All right, so how much do you need of how much of each?" You say this now! "No, that's comparably, respectfully, a paltry sum. We can get that paper to you. When you say ink, I have to specify do you want ink that's used in the ritualistic design and presentation of arcane symbols, scribes, and glyphs? Or you looking for ink that itself is actually enchanted for various uses and manifestation?" "Oh, that's some wizard stuff. Okay, we can do that." (laughter) "We have a few in stock, actually. You want to--" and he's like "I'm already on it." Then he turns around and pulls out a large, eight vial collecting case that he sets on the table. "That's one there. And there's another. We've got a variety of vials at your disposal, so let us know what you're looking for." "That? Let's see here. That would put you back about 200 gold pieces for a single vial." "A general?" "That'll put you at a simple 50 gold pieces." "It would be my pleasure, Mr. Green Man." "What's your name, by the way?" "Fjord. Pleasure to meet you." "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to disrespect your invitation there. What's your name?" "Nice to meet you." "You're small." "Of course." Make a persuasion check. "I'm sorry, but this is a business. No discounts, but we're happy to sell for the price of 50 gold apiece." "All righty, thank you very much." "Pumat Sol." "We deal with all sorts of enchanted items." He turns as one of the other guys over there goes, "I've got it. We have all manner of objects that we've crafted, enchanted, and designed." "Oh, are you looking to sell or trade?" "Well, let's go ahead and clear off." He takes the vials off the counter and they set a space, and the three of them sit around. You hear this voice behind this thick curtain go, "Is anybody able to help me here for a minute?" "Right there. The two of you, continue this." One of them goes in the back room to help the fourth one. "That's Pumat Prime. He's the real guy. But anyway, let's have a look at this." You put down the glaive, you said? "This isn't too bad." Hand me the item card. With that, they happily pass over to you your purchased parchment and ink. "This is pretty well made for being such a ghastly-looking design. I think it could easily use some fine gold gilding, maybe some extra polishing. Put some ribbons on it and this thing would be a great ceremonial piece. The manticore spines I think are a little garish, personally, but if you're looking to sell, we could give this to you for about 300 gold." Go for it. "Mind you, if we're doing it for trade, prices can be a little more in your favor, but understand, I'm a business for profit." "That's adorable. And I'm not going to lie, I like it better." (laughter) "Let me have a look here and see what we can muster. You're looking for something that could-- you traveling type? Is that right?" "A briefcase of carrying?" "I'll tell you what. If you give me this here majestic weapon, with the ribbon included, and an additional 200 gold pieces on top of that trade, I can just go ahead--" and the other guy who's wandered away goes, "We can take this here fantastic haversack off the wall and make it yours. "Let me show you." He sets it down, and it's this-- It's a backpack with a bunch of various pouches and things that are latched onto it. There's two side pouches on it beyond the big central one. He opens it up, takes the glaive, and, "Watch this!" and it disappears into it. He reaches in, pulls the glaive out. It sticks in there. The big, central pouch. He goes, "The side ones don't carry as much, but the central side of it does manage to carry about eight cubic feet of material in an extra-dimensional space to call it whenever you require it. Two cubic feet for both of the side pouches. I enchanted it. Well, he enchanted it. We sell it." Make a persuasion check. "I appreciate your gusto. Were perhaps we had more of a business relationship together, I would consider such a deal, but as this is the first real transaction and time in which we have encountered you and your band of once-filthy travelers, I'm going to have to decline." "So is that a deal?" "Give me just a moment." He turns around and disappears behind the curtain and you hear some talking. Some (inaudible conversation). Another one emerges from behind the curtain who has this leather band on his head with this large magnifying-type tool hanging in front of him with this big smile on his face. He has these thick leather gloves that have a bunch of runes on them. He goes, "I'm sorry, I was summoned to make something prettier?" "What's your favorite color?" (Arcane incantation) He finishes and he watches the haversack suddenly shimmers past, and the dull, general, brown leather turns to a bright, vibrant pink. You hand it to the one guy, who accepts it. "All right, good. I hope you enjoy it. I'm going to get back to work. Keep it up, me." He goes in the back room. He takes the glaive off. The other guy says, "All right, thank you very much. Any other business you require?" "There's plenty of vendors. With the raining outside and so late, probably hard to find pastries tonight, but fresh in the morning, just let your nose carry you around. The Pentamarket has plenty." "It would be my pleasure." "They're probably still working. You can maybe convince them to take a conversation." "No worries. Just listen for the clanging and the sparks. All right, if that's all, I wish you all adieu, come back any time. We're happy to sell, buy, trade, and generally help out anyone who has money." "It's my pleasure." Oh yeah. No, especially with it so cold outside, you can see there were two different carts that had small, pot-heated, basic alcohol and ciders. Winter's Crest is actually only celebrated in Tal'Dorei. It does not have cultural significance here in Wildemount. I believe you are three to four months out from it. I'll have to check the calendar. You guys are just now cresting into the beginning of fall. As you guys step outside, you are immediately met by Beauregard and Molly, who have come back with some small wooden cups filled with heated, steaming mulled wine and a small care package of baked goods. Which would mark you guys off at about, I'd say total of six silver for the bunch. How many did you buy? You may have to come back and buy more tarts in the morning. I was going to say, because you guys got to get going pretty soon. What we can do is we can say at this point in the evening, it looks like the blacksmithy is currently closed off to any sort of wares-selling. They're in the process of creation. You can hear the banging, but upon knocking, they don't stop their stride of whatever sort of work they're doing inside with the anvil. The rain begins to let up a little bit. It's still sprinkling, but at least the heavy downpour has subsided a bit. You make your way through the slushy mud pits that the streets have become, weaving your way between horses and various wagons being pulled through, individuals that are hooded and bundled making their way around. Eventually discovering the outskirts of the Leaky Tap. As you guys step into the warm interior, pulling your hoods back, we'll pick up on that next week. We've got these guys have way too early flights to go to this convention tomorrow. It's about an hour and a half past dusk. Just world building. Probably fever dream while I'm working on this stuff. (Pumat Sol voice) Just come back and try and buy and trade for more things. You know where to find them. Awesome. Thank you, guys. We'll pick it up next week from that point, now that you've finally found your way to Zadash. This sprawling city. Thank you guys so much for being patient. Thank you for watching, I hope you enjoyed the show. Go visit these guys at Emerald City Comic Con if you have the opportunity. Isn't Khary there as well, yeah? You can go say hi to Shak채ste himself.