Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Before we jump in tonight, we have a few announcements we want to get through. First up, we have a birthday today, we have my wonderful wife, Marisha. It's her birthday today! Happy birthday! (cheering) Happy birthday. Next up, we have our two sponsors this evening. First-- Yes, two! I'm doing the second one. You're fine. But our first sponsor for the evening is our returning friends at D&D Beyond. Sam? Thank you, Sam. You guys can use the gunslinger fighter archetype as well as the new feat that goes along with it; that's on there as well. Which anyone can take to learn firearms, be better at firearms, even if you're not a gunslinger, so check that out on the app. Thank you guys at D&D Beyond for being awesome, and you for supporting them and us. Of course, our second sponsor for tonight, returning, our fun friends at Obsidian with Pillars of Eternity 2 Deadfire, which is finally out! It's really good. That was the best response. I was there when he got that text, we just went (sputtering laughing). Oh my god. See, and he's already a step above most people on the internet. Deadfire's out, super excited, the voice sets and portraits of Vox Machina are in the game for free DLC, on PC. It'll be out for console later this year. If MetaCritic doesn't lie, it's at 90 and climbing. I love it. I'm so excited, I'm so glad people enjoy it, and so glad we can be a part of it. Laura's character and Marisha's character in my party are starting to flirt and I'm like (nervous sound). I don't know how I feel about that. Of course, I made Gilmore. Marisha's character was flirting with me at first and I was like, "Nah, I got to shut this down, Gilmore's not interested." At least you two are getting together. I get enough of this in real life. Happy birthday. Also, we are heading back to GenCon, guys! Our tickets went on sale earlier this week for the live show in Indianapolis, you can find it on Ticketmaster. The official GenCon panel is sold out, but keep an eye on the GenCon website as tickets that are relinquished may become available as it goes on. They keep cycling through and as things become available, they'll update it, so keep an eye. We'll try and update you as soon as we hear anything beyond that. But holy shit. Why does it smell so funky back here? Scanlan strikes again. Looking forward to seeing a bunch of you guys at GenCon. In the past four weeks in our 826 initiative, we have raised over $50,000 from the community, which is then doubled by fantastic Mark K, we've made over $100,000 to 826, so we can not thank you guys enough for your amazing support. Huge thanks to critter Mark Koro, of course, for being our counter support for this, and being such an amazing member of the community. Thank you. Thanks to Wyrmwood Gaming and our friends at D&D Beyond for their amazing support for the campaign to get us where we are now. If you'd still like to donate, you can go to 826LA.org/criticalrole. We'll have more information soon about the scheduling for my fireside chat, as well as the production crew Reddit AMA, and Marisha's Honey Heist soon, so stay tuned. Indeed. Thank you. I'll remember it never. Critical Recap is available for those who have missed it before the episode and you're watching this now and you didn't see last episode. Why? But if you need to real fast, pause this, or later, or go and watch Critical Recap now, which our fantastic Dani Carr gets you up to speed of what happened in last week's episode. It's up on YouTube right now. Talks Machina is every Tuesday at 700pm Pacific, where our fantastic Brian W. Foster hosts our sit down chat with members of the cast. This last week apparently was off the chain between Ashley and Marisha. When everyone cries from laughing, it's a good night, apparently. A special shout out to our friend, PulloutKing, from that episode. We have new d20s restocked? The rare ones. I believe that's the last of our announcements of the evening. Let's bring it in for tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] 25 to 20? 20 to 15? 15 to ten? MARISHA and All righty, friends. It finishes slamming the large pillar into the ground and wields its giant club over one shoulder, its other hand reaching out for something and glancing over the field to see what its quarry is. Nott, you're up first. Right now, Fjord, you're hiding back there. I think I shifted it. No, he is not currently engaged. By the way, guys, this finally came in today. So you know where the north is, so you can use that. This way. The people who do Campaign Coins make that now. Our friend, Deven Rue, who did our map for the show, she's the one who designed it. I've been waiting for it to come in. That's a point for you guys, if you ever want to shout directions at me of where you want to run, that's helpful. You ran, full sprint towards Jester. It arcs off, you hear this distant (yelp) in the audience way away. Yeah, no. Yeah, it's a pretty hardy physicality even if it's a broad target to hit. Same place you were before? This is north here. Caleb, you're up. You're darting around the side. 13 just hits. It's a big target but it's pretty hardy. One point of fire damage. It hits and goes (splat). It's less of a Fire Bolt and more of a fire (fizzle). You see there's a patch on its rather furry belly that no longer has hair. It's very glaring. Okay, good to know. Jester, you're up. Then use it! Where would you like to place it? (counting) 30 is where you can make it appear. Let me see what the range is on it. What's the range on the spell? 60! Yeah, you can do it, right over. Roll for attack, go for it. As Jester releases her grip, this giant, heavy-looking but gorgeous glittering lollipop apparates out of the air, streaking down towards the goblin's face. Not the goblin, the ogre's-- giant's face. It's been a week. 16 hits, roll damage. Yes, you can. He rolled a 14, but has minus one dex. Wunderbar. That finishes your turn, Jester. You got it. Now it's the giant's turn. After being slammed in the face with this lollipop and the flames, is like (angry grunting). Ducks out of the way as it slams down on its head, grabs the side of the pillar, which breaks. The pillar, as it fell over, shattered into four or five pieces, grabs and picks up a single piece. The only one that it paid attention to right now is the one that lit its stomach on fire. It takes this thing and lobs it in your direction. You do have cover. It's three-quarters cover. What's your armor class, currently? That adds plus five to your AC, so it's 19 on this attack. That's still a 21 to hit though, so it still hits you. 13 plus eight, sorry. As this chunk of the pillar goes flying across the arena towards you, it hits the top of the wall, which breaks, and a good foot and a half section of it, shatters as it slams into your chest. You can. All right! There you go. As you see it slam into the wall above you and go swinging, you throw up the shield and all of a sudden there's a spark of arcane energy as it gets deflected inches off of the top of Caleb's head before slamming into the side of the actual tournament arena, hitting the stone, causing it to crack, and people in the front area (gasp). You were 19 because you had three-quarters cover, because you were behind the wall. You had 14 plus five because you were behind-- At this moment, the absolute fear kicks into his eyes. The entity is going to charge forward. Right at that point, it stops and turns and sees, out of the corner of its eye, Fjord hiding behind the wall. That's going to be its turn. Molly, you're up. Okay, to there? Is it for flanking bonus? Go for it. We've used it occasionally, but it works against you guys as well. If you manage to get directly across from a creature with an ally in melee, you get advantage on the attack. You were ranged last campaign so it didn't come into play very often. That hits. No, he's not undead. Eight points of damage for the first strike. The first strike you carve up alongside its blubbery, thick belly that's flipping over this piece of cloth that it has matted around its midsection. As you cut through, it buckles a little bit on that one side of the leg and you use that moment to cut behind its thigh, right down below where the Achilles tendon is. As you cut across, blood spatters across the sand and (yelling). That's your turn? He's going to use a legendary action. He's a frenzied solo, yeah. He's going to go ahead and use his Furious Smash. He's going to attack, yeah, for slashing him. Okay, so he has disadvantage on the attack. That's still a 13 plus eight. As you slam and slice into the back of the leg, he angrily turns back and swings down towards you and his eyes go black. There's a brief shake, it's still a massive club and you try to move out of the way but it's too fast, slamming onto you, knocking you onto the ground. Your wind is knocked out of you and your whole world goes dazed and white for a moment. This is going to be 26 points of bludgeoning damage. That was a really good damage roll. It reactively slams into Molly with the club. As the dust settles, Molly is not moving on the ground, probably pushed about an inch or two into the dirt and sand. There's a crater where the head of the club had impacted, and Molly is not moving. Beau, your turn. You're going to throw a throwing star? Okay, go ahead. It's 1d4 times two, plus your bonus. Okay, ten damage! No, because unarmed attack, it's for the outside, yeah. You throw one of these spindly jagged star darts on the side. You throw it through the air and it sinks into its stomach. You don't even see where it impacted except for a small red line where it's beginning to bleed from where it carved into its belly. You're going to stay there? That finishes Beau's turn, Fjord, you're up. Legendary actions are different from reactions. That hits. As the large falchion appears, curved and jagged, you see this splash of seawater across the side of the giant as its eyes are now set back on Fjord. At this point, the curse sets in, the blood spatters on the ground begin to come up into these black forms and adhere to his legs. 15, nice. 30 will get you there, and he gets an attack of opportunity against you. As you strike it in the side and you go to run, you get a fair distance, but the reach with that club is just far enough where it doesn't necessarily need it. As you go charging forward-- he has disadvantage because of that. That makes it a 13. You hear the (booming) from behind as it slams into the ground. The earth leaves your foot for a second and you land again. You make your way to the edge. Well done, that ends your turn. That brings us to Yasha. You can get there. Reckless? Go for it. 15 hits. Double ones. As you go rushing by, you weren't paying attention for the last impact, and you see out of the corner your eye Molly in the ground, jammed in and unconscious, bleeding out, and that's just enough, being not in an enraged state, to viscerally affect you and shakes you just enough for you to swing the blade. It hits the leg, but it wasn't enough actual impact to carve into the flesh. That ends your turn, Yasha. Nott, you're up. That hits. You can roll damage. He is adjacent to Yasha, so it is sneak attack damage. Hey it adds up, guys. It's cool. As you duck around the corner, you release the bolt. It sinks into the chest area and looks around in the direction trying to find you. You still have 20 feet of movement. It's not a rogue thing, unfortunately. The first one hit, and he starts growling, and looks right in your direction. You go (screams), fire a second one that goes right into one of its eyes and starts roaring. It gets caught right up inside. It doesn't quite pierce the eyeball, but it gets up into the socket. It's scratching at its face angrily. Right there? Okay. That's your turn, Nott. Caleb, you're up. That does not hit, unfortunately. It just misses. As you see once again, Molly on the ground and Yasha barely making an impact. Nott gets a couple good hits off, and you try to fire. Unfortunately, as he pulls back to grasp the face, the Fire Bolt goes wide past where the head previously was. There? That would put you about there. That ends your turn, Caleb? Jester, you're up. Okay. As the hand is grasping at where it got shot in the eye, it goes right for the back of the elbow. 12 points of damage. As it hits, (impact) (pained groan) He's shaking the hand as it's going numb. The one eye is half shut. Going (pained groans). You mean your action. Because you already used your bonus action. Wisdom of 14. Natural 19, sorry. That ends your turn. It's now the giant's turn. As Yasha has just torn into the side, it's going to turn back to you and is going to double club attack you. It has advantage on each. Because she did Reckless. The first one is a 25. Natural 20, okay. The first hit is-- 23 points of damage, bludgeoning damage, from the first hit. (whack) You put your hands up, and you put the blade up to catch it, it slams into it and pulls the shoulder out of the socket and pushes you down into the dirt. As you push off, the club goes up once more and then (whack). I rolled an eight, seven, and a five. That's-- That's 43 points of damage. 43. You have to go negative your max score. With the second slam, Yasha partially deflects the first impact and then vanishes in the second one. Right there next to Molly, as the dust clears, you see Yasha, unmoving, her legs up in the air, as the rest of her torso is pushed down into the dirt, and the rest of the ground is covered over, where you can see the back of her shoulders, and the back of her head, and the rest of it is dust settling. She's not moving either. I think at this point-- yeah, because you're the one who shot it twice in the eye, and it saw you duck behind. (counting) You watch as it steps over the wall. "Tiny thing!" After it smashes Yasha, it doesn't even care anymore and there's a little bit of foam at the corner of the mouth. The blood's trailing down its face from where the bolt entered. That's going to end the giant's turn. Molly, you're up. Molly? Molly. Molly, make a death saving throw. Oh, that's right. What are the effects of the locket again? What are the effects of the locket again? Yeah. So you stabilize. You're still unconscious. But you're not bleeding out. There you go. Beau, your turn. Yeah. He's ready to smash the little goblin. Over there? Flanking would be on the opposite side. Right here? Okay, so your bonus action is to say "Tiny thing." Your bonus action is to say "Tiny thing" towards his dick. Go ahead and make an intimidation check. Yes, that is exactly what you're doing. He seems to think you're agreeing with him with regards to Nott. "I know! Tiny thing!" No. That's your turn. Fjord, you're up. You're in the middle of the field and you see both Yasha and Molly crushed into the ground. This little lollipop is (flittering) in the air behind. All right. You move into the space here? You can see him over the wall. That'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage. Nice! That's a good hit. (impact) Off the side of the shoulder. You can watch where the section, where the skin used to be is now exposed muscle. Where it's burned off, the outer layer of the body. Sure. With the additional Hex damage, right? That was with the additional damage from the-- That ends Fjord's turn. Yasha, I need you to make a death saving throw. Nope. That's a fail. You failed your first death saving throw. At the end of Yasha's turn, the giant is going to use his legendary action. He has one legendary action. Trying to do a club attack against you, Nott. Once every round. That's a 19. What's your armor class? 19 points of bludgeoning damage. As it slams down, it hits you, and pushes you into the wall. You're flattened against the stone which quakes. On the opposite side of it, it cracks and (stones scattering) off the back. You hear this squeak sound as Nott is crushed between the club and the wall. It's your turn. Yes. He looks very confused in the middle of his foaming frenzy. "Jester?" Oh, shit. (laughs) What's the save on that? But what is it? Is it wisdom? That is a natural 17 minus one, 16. I'm rolling really well. I'm so sorry, guys. You can get there. If you wanted to go around that way, you could. We'll say yeah. That'll put you right there. Okay, that ends your turn. Caleb, you're up. Go ahead and roll your 5d8. Go for it and tell me what the total is. 23? You watch as the large giant, (groans) (slower groan). Steps back and hits the pillar behind him. It cracks and tilts to the side. Catches him (grunts). Falls to both knees and eventually hits the ground. This loud, heavy snore. He's just unconscious. You shout this out? You're shouting this out as this is happening? They're all waiting for a moment. No one's called the match yet. It is your turn, yes. Correct. Any movement, Caleb? Jester, you're up. (counting) You can't quite get there. You could have reached Molly, yes. Well, actually if you were here, you could have gotten to there. You can move it 20 feet there. Well, the range is 60 feet, but as a bonus action it moves 20. Next, the giant's turn. It stays unconscious for the duration until something hits it. Yeah, so it's a minute. Potentially, guys, here, figure out what your plan is until someone touches it. No, he doesn't. He stabilizes. Moving which one? Okay. Okay. It doesn't matter who rolls it, really. Well, healing potion isn't hit dice. Hit dice is only when you're taking a short rest. Behind where? Where, like over here? Anybody else? Okay, so you're going here, and Yasha's going here, is that what you're doing? Well, you can't both go for the head, if you're flanking. Either you can both get by the head-- Oh I see. That's okay. All right. Within 30 feet, you would be there. Who's taking the first shot? Who's attacking first? Go for a roll. It's a melee attack, you have advantage because he's unconscious. Okay. It's an auto-crit, because he's unconscious. It's with your staff. Aw. Two damage, plus-- As you slam down, it hits right off the ocular socket, and skids off the skull, (growl) the eye shoots open, the other one still swollen from the shot earlier, opens as well. (roaring) You still get advantage because he's prone. Poof, right in the eye. (roaring) The eye closes instinctually, and the arms begin to flail, as it's trying to-- No, because that's the end of Beau's turn, now it's Fjord's turn. At the end of Beau's turn, it's going to go ahead and use its recovered legendary action to-- It's been a number of rounds. You didn't declare it. Okay, well, from now on if you're going to hold your action, please specify that. Those who were nearby needed to hold an action, that would be you, Molly. No, because if you guys were holding your action to the trigger of you attacking, then they're all going before you do that. Cool. Take your turns. That's a 15. 16 minus one, yeah. I know, I've been rolling really fucking well tonight, I'm sorry! It's also a DC 10, but yeah. All right. You have disadvantage because he's prone. Okay. Still hits. 13 points of damage? How do you want to do this? (cheering) As it begins to thrash about, its one hand hits the ground, kicking up all this dust and sand. The other club comes back, using it to get up off its feet, it looks like it's ready to swing out towards Yasha and Beau, who's just finished slamming into the creature. At that moment, you see the exposed belly that already has gashes in it from the wound, and you wait and release right for the opening. As it sinks in, it stands up anyway, and you watch as blood begins to pour out. You hit something major, and it's starting to bleed out and it-- Takes a swing, and at this point there's already blood draining out, and the swing goes wide, hits the ground, falls back onto its butt, and proceeds to slowly go back to sleep forever. LAURA and At which point there's a pause, this awkward quiet before the entire audience at once goes (cheering). The cheers continue as the large goliath steps out again with his tattoos and spiked armor, and he goes, "There we have it, the third round completion of The Mighty Nein! But one more fight "stands. Congratulations!" You guys are then led over to the holding area off to the side, as you pass your friends of the Stubborn Stock. Leaving this large groove in the sand behind you. As you guys walk by, the team begins to-- there's this slow motion, like opposing little league baseball teams passing each other. MATT, MARISHA, LAURA, and You see Darrow, who gives this, "Not too bad, well played." Gives a smile as he continues past. You see the dwarven crossbow ranger gives a grin with his big scruffy poof beard. There's the half-elf woman with two warhammers that she's spinning on the leather straps on the end. You see this really fucking old guy. This wrinkly, old prospector-looking eyes through these wrinkled slits. (hoarse greeting) TRAVIS, MARISHA, and I have no other way to describe him. His hair's long past his shoulders, but it's super bald skullet on top. You see there's a tattooed halfling, who's got his chin in the air, grin and give you a show, and there's the human archer that has a longbow that's at the ready. All of them walk by, all six of them, into the center of the arena. Make a sleight of hand check. (laughs) He does not notice. It's not a shoelace, unfortunately. There's a boot lace. You untie it. You don't know how much of an effect it will have. As you guys make your way into the holding area, the doors close once more. As the goliath, Jermai Kull, shouts out, "For the final match of the tournament, and the final round, the Stubborn "Stock!" The audience big shouts, screams, hands in the air, then silence. (monster shriek) The gates on the side open as they all circle around and look ready, not able to really ascertain the direction. All the gates open, and then barreling through at the far side, you see a large 20-foot dragonoid creature with a long snout, wings that have been carved and cut to where it cannot fly, and it's lumbering forward without its flight. No arms, just the wings, giant clawed legs, and a long tail with a large poison stinger at the end. This is a wyvern. A wyvern that's been prevented flight, and comes barreling straight to the center. They immediately go into a formation to accept the creature as it goes. Darrow rushes up with his battleaxe and starts cutting into the creature. You see this divine energy flicker off the arc as it slams into the side of this, this flash of radiant energy off of his battleaxe. He pulls away, his long black ponytail swishing behind from the arc of the blow. As he ducks out of the way, the tail swings and he ducks underneath it. The archer pulls back an arrow and the arrow flashes bright blue-green energy before it strikes and bursts into arcane energy on the side of this wyvern. It turns around and grabs the dwarf by the head and begins to thrash around with him in its jaws, throwing him about ten feet, he skids to the ground, falls unconscious in the first round. The old armored guy pulls up a symbol from his chest and begins to chant in the wrong direction, before the halfling grabs him and spins him this way, and he goes, "Right, ha!" and continues his chants. Another weapon, a Spiritual Weapon appears and apparates, but it looks like a large club of stone that begins to slam. The wyvern spins around and its tail manages to impact the belly of the old guy as he finishes his chant, and you watch him go limp and fall to the ground. The halfling with the tattoos tears his shirt down and exposes all these tattoos on his chest, and he slaps them and begins to chant in a Haka-style chant. He begins to (chanting). As he's doing this chant, all of his allies that are standing begin to get revved up, before he rushes in and pulls a blade and strikes at the wyvern, carving into its side. You watch as the dwarven crossbow ranger rushes up and brings the cleric back to health. The cleric comes to consciousness and then brings through a quick casting of a spell off to the side, the-- what's the other one there, it was the-- The old guy's the one that went down, and-- actually, no, the dwarf you thought was down actually gets back up. He wasn't unconscious, just knocked really hard. He gets up, makes sure the cleric is up. The cleric heals some people around them and they begin to curl around it. They continue to strike and back and forth, the audience is breathless at moments. The wyvern jumps up on top of one of the walls, its stinger spins around and jams into Darrow. You see Darrow, the leader, takes a blow to the chest, and he goes unconscious on the ground before the wyvern pounces on him and starts tearing into the body. The halfling, who's still continuing this chant, rushes forward, leaps onto its back and begins carving at the back of its neck. The elderly cleric begins approaching, still chanting in his mind and he's unleashing heal spells, and occasionally throwing a bolt of energy, an electrical divine bolt of energy strikes the side of the wyvern. The dwarven ranger unleashes strike after strike of the crossbow and the wyvern's hitting whatever comes near it. Two more of the members go unconscious and it gets down to just three on their side, before they manage to continue to stab into its side. Like a long-running bull fighting ring, both sides are exhausted at this point. Three of the six are down and the wyvern's still standing. Darrow has gotten back up and is breathing hard. He backs around the side and they've all surrounded the wyvern who's feeling cornered at this point, blood pouring from different wounds on its body. It gives another loud shriek. It turns around towards the elderly cleric and charges him and with a giant sweep of its jaw, sends him about ten, 15 feet in the air before he lands and rolls, unconscious on the ground. There's two left. The boot does dislodge and arc an additional ten feet before resting away from-- With that, the two standing members which are Darrow and the halfling both charge in. The halfling gives a pat on Darrow's shoulder and shouts out a phrase in a language you don't understand. Darrow seems to embolden his muscles, rushes in for a strike and carves down with his battleaxe into the back of the neck after it slammed into the cleric. As the blade sinks in about five or six inches, the large battle cry that it gave shrinks back into this weird withering screech. As it whips around, Darrow pulls his battleaxe out and backs away a few steps. The wyvern falls to its knees and with that Darrow spins the battleaxe in his hands and carves off the rest of its head with two, three, four strikes before it collapses. With that (cheering). (chuckles) The cheers are deafening at this point. The gates open in front of you as the emcee walks out once more and goes, "An incredible fight by the Stubborn Stock! Bring out our other "winners, The Mighty Nein!" The audience goes into loud cheers. You guys step out into the arena. The same crew's coming out and dragging the body of the wyvern off down into the depths of where it was originally unleashed and the doors close behind. The clerics rush out and bring to consciousness the other members of the Stubborn Stock. They all eventually rise, beaten and bruised and as winded as a lot of you look. They give you a look as you approach and it's a "well done" smile. Wordless, but a nod of respect. Then you to the right side of Jermai Kull, them to the left. "Raise your arms! For today on this Harvest Close, you are the victors!" The crowd goes crazy once more, flowers and bits of rice grain and all sorts of things are thrown into the center of the ring in part of the celebration. There are copper flung from the audience, from the row. You guys take that moment. While it's frustrating to share it, maybe, you made it. One of the gates on the opposite side opens up and a group of seven individuals begin to approach in various robes. You recognize a lot of them as people that were in the lounge earlier before you entered this actual arena. They're carrying a small chest of iron and dark set wood and as they place it on the ground, they begin to pull out sacks of money. They're presenting you the divided prize. That's three rounds for the group and each round was 200 gold. That's 600 gold that you guys get to divide and then the final pot was 2000 divided amongst the two teams. An additional 1000 to your team. So 1600 gold. As the money's delivered to you, you acquire your reward. There's a final burst of cheers from the audience and you're escorted back into the holding area where the other groups have already left. They close the doors behind and it seems like the fanfare's over, the attention on you, momentarily, has faded and it's just you guys, the clerics, and the other group, the Stubborn Stock. Last you saw, they were up in the stands. You guys just got back to the holding area, taking a breath for yourself. Darrow goes, "That's a really good question. Clerics?" The clerics say, "We've used most of "them, but I can offer a couple." They come up and they give you a heal. You heal eight hit points. Yasha, you get one and then that's a ten. You heal ten. Then two other spells are delivered to the opposing side. The other team. "I appreciate that. I say the same to your team. That was no small feat. I mean, literally. "It was very large feet on that gentleman." "As I heard that from across the way." "That's okay." "Apparently giants do not suffer the same insecurities that most people in this town does." "Oh, there is, but in the lounge area. Come!" "Well, the winners, of course." "Most likely." "Come on!" The dwarf behind you goes, "Oh, aye. I could go with that one too. (grunts)" He's holding his back. The half-elf who had the two warhammers goes, "Oh, don't worry, honey." Scruffs his hair. He goes, "Stop it!" He puts his arm around her waist and the two walk off together. You're led back to the lounge where you had originally signed up for this, also the same place where you had overheard the conversation with Starosta. As you enter now, it's still that low-lit interior with the fine furniture, cushions. The food spread has been refilled. The drinks are poured. The servants are going around with their trays to make sure that everyone has opportunity to eat and drink as you go. Inside, however, it is a little busier than the last time you recall. The Starosta, Wyatt, is there as well, currently entertaining a few guests in there. There's a couple of well-dressed merchants that look like they're dressed in the same way that many of travelers from the Menagerie Coast are. There's one of them who looks like they're wearing clothing that's a little more exotic than you're familiar with. You do also see, within this area-- let's see here. You see Lawmaster Orentha Stonegrasp, there with her gray, curled hair, the older dwarven Lawmaster of Zadash. Briefly, yeah. You had one encounter with. Alongside her is Dolan Thrym and two other people you haven't met. SAM, MARISHA, and Oh the what-- what? Oh. They both appear to be wearing similar dull gold robes as to what you've seen members of the King's Hall wear. But they're a little more casual. They're not quite as presentory or "in-the-office" mode. Well, there's two people dressed in merchant garb that you see, the colors and the silks and the billowing pants and the jewellery is very reminiscent of Menagerie Coast where it has a lot of finger chains that attach to rings and it's this very presentory jewelry, that isn't classic European in visual aesthetic. You've seen it around in town where you grew up so you gather these people are from Menagerie Coast folk. The one who looks very exotic has very light linen outfit that is a dull eggshell white, but then has trim that is gold and purple. The pants are a deep blue. Short black hair, dark skin, bright smile, but you don't notice any other cultural touchstones that you have any previous experience with. You may have seen things similar to it passing through your town from a distance or from your mom's place of business, but nothing that you would necessarily know. Roll a history check, actually. Actually. You get the sense that this is probably Marquesian. He's probably travelled from Marquet, which is a long way away. Very rare that you find people coming all the way from Marquet to the Empire, especially. Menagerie Coast a little more often, but this is something different. As you approach and enter, the Stubborn Stock immediately scatter to the food and drink. Starosta Wyatt, who you had seen briefly but not actually engaged with before, stands up as tall as a halfling can as you approach with his curly, matted hair and the shocks of white and gray on the sides. His arms open and he goes, "Congratulations! I just had to come and tell you personally a fantastic display. "Come closer, please, I want to meet all of you." He starts putting hands out to meet you. "What's "your name?" "Yasha. Pleasure to meet you. Fantastic performance. You're a mighty warrior. I'm really "impressed." "Oh. You are?" "Molly Charmed. Good, pleasure to meet you." "Fantastic. You, miss?" "That's a curious name." "Pleasure to meet you as well. Pants are rather fancy, well done. You there, little missy?" "Pam. Pleasure. Shy. That's okay, that's allowed. What's your name?" "Caleb. Pleasure, pleasure to meet you. You are?" "Beau. Well, pleasure to meet you as well. And you, sir?" "Oh, well, I will tell you, a brilliant display of skill and precisely the kind of "showmanship the fine people of Zadash need right now. I appreciate your being a part of this. It's "well-earned victory and--" Yes. He was the one who was being notified. This is the Starosta of Zadash. "The incident?" "Oh, right. Well, we've taken care of that for the time being. Repairs have been made, the "tower's back where it was. The individuals you probably want to talk to about that are over there "in the corner." They were faced away from you when you first entered, but looking out from the far window that leads to the outside, you see two figures faced away, looking outward, holding glasses of wine. It looks to be the two figures you saw when you first entered the ring, Oremid Hass, the headmaster of the Zauber Spire. Or the Halls of Erudition. The dude in the white robes. Yes. They were just facing away from you guys. Wyatt Fedar says, "If you want to enquire "the specifics, they'd be the ones to talk to. I will say, I've recently been notified by "Stonegrasp." He points over to the Lawmaster, who's in conversation on the side with her own people. "That you had already completed some dangerous contract work for the city, is that "correct?" "That's fantastic." "That's the one she mentioned. That thing had been a problem for some time, I hear, so it's "greatly appreciated. You've done twice now, a great service for this city. Well, this evening is "yours to celebrate. Things shifting as they are, we may have need of upstanding and skilled "citizens of the Empire such as yourselves in the near future. Should you be interested, that is." "I appreciate that. My position here comes with a number of responsibilities so at any given "point in time I'm probably am very visibly stretched, but I'm doing the best I can. I "appreciate that. Where might we contact you, should we be so interested?" "Leaky Tap Tavern, okay." "All right. Well, good to know. Should we have need of you, we'll know where to come and "find you." "Oh well, that's not a worry, I don't think. Simon!" Hits the side of the chair and one of the crownsguard comes up, but a more decorated crownsguard. Looks like he holds more status and he goes, "Yes, Starosta?" He looks about and says, "Can we ensure that the rest of your body of "soldiers understand that these fine champions of this year's Harvest Close festival are allowed "entry and exit from our fine Tri-Spires?" He's like, "Yes, sir. We will make sure that the "Crownsguard are aware of The Mighty Nein and their ability to pass in and out unimpeded." "Oh, I'm Jeremiah. Captain Jeremiah. I'm-- anyway. Well done, well fought." He takes a step back out of the conversation and you get the sense that there's a little bit of a hierarchy there where the Starosta, not meaning to, but there's a very much, "I should not be part of this "conversation," and he steps out of it. "Well. Very well. Look, enjoy your well-earned evening of "revelry as much as you can. I have a sense there are some stressful days ahead so enjoy it. Rest "well." Takes his glass and drinks to you. "Indeed, young girl." He turns around and sits up on the couch, and re-engages in conversation with one of his various guests. It's past dusk now. At this point, nine o'clock in the evening. It has been. Wait, so who's going where? Beau and Yasha are going there? Okay. It seems that the cluster of merchants that he had originally mentioned are keeping pretty close to the Starosta. They're probably in the business of discussing future transactions and business. You gather probably more on the Starosta making connections in preparation for what's about to transpire. There's about 20 or so people in the chamber. The chamber's maybe about 40 feet by 40 feet. It's fairly packed. You find a chair, everyone seems to be standing and conversing. They're both faced away and they're looking out. There's a window that's open that leads out into the main Victory Pit and then there's the sky, which is mostly clouds, occasionally you see a break with some stars. They're in the middle of a conversation, but it's hushed. They both immediately stop and turn over to look at you. "Pardon me, can we help you?" You glance over, and you can see Oremid Hass, at first glance squat, maybe five-foot-three, but a wide body, like Wolverine proportions. Very dark, ruddy brown skin with eyes that are black like obsidian that sparkle when you look at them. The hair is very short and curled, and there's this very strongly inset dimple wrinkle when he smiles with teeth that are dull gray in color. There's something not quite human about him, but also very welcoming. As he turns towards you, there's a bit of dust that is loosened from the edges of his ears, and it (air puffing). It's a strange phenomenon. With long reddish-gold robes, his arms are folded in the sleeves where you can't see them. He says, "I apologize, we've taken time away "from the window." The other gentleman turns towards you, and you can see now, very close, an older gentleman, probably 70s or so, skin slightly jaundiced or yellowed in color versus the usual pigmentation here. Bald on top, but longer gray-white hair that goes past the shoulders, the same white and gold robes. He smiles, but he looks like he's not enjoying the pleasantries of the space, but then puts on a face as soon as he notices your arrival and gives a nod. "I recognize "both of you. You were part of this fight ordeal, The Mighty Nein, correct?" "It's possible. I do not recall, but if so, it is good to see you again. I'm sorry." "Beau, I am Oremid Hass. I am the Headmaster of the Halls of Erudition. This is my compatriot, "Master Trent Ikithon." He turns and goes, "It is a pleasure to meet you. I saw what you did today as well. It was a "very majestic display of skills, quite." Oremid goes to raise his hand and Trent goes, "Oh, so you were present during the attack "outside of the Zauber Spire, ja?" "Well, it was an unfortunate incident that, thankfully, we were present, both of us, to take "care of it before it grew too dangerous." "That seemed to be assassins sent by the Kryn dynasty, terrible Cricks that had attempted to "steal something that should not fall into their hands." "That is correct." He gives you a look over, like he's inspecting you with a very rapid and very detailed intake of your features, and he goes, "Where are you from, if I might ask?" "Where did you grow up?" "How long have you lived here in the Empire?" "Fascinating." Trent isn't even looking at you. He's completely focused on Yasha. "Why did you leave?" Make a wisdom saving throw for me real fast. As you're talking, it's weird. He's staring at you, but for a moment you feel like there's an illusion over his mouth and his fingers. They're still not moving, but it's almost like your eyes catch something shifting unseen beneath them. It's almost like you've layered two images over each other for a brief second. Then they're gone, and he goes, "Huh. Well, very happy to have you "fighting on our side." "Wonderful. Maintain that, please." "You and your friends seem to be very helpful, and a lot of help may be needed. Should "you ever stray from that path... It has been a pleasure, Yasha." He reaches out and shakes your hand once more. "I would like very much to talk to you some "time in the future. You're intriguing." "You're Cobalt Soul, aren't you?" Oremid goes, "Please, stop this interrogation. I "apologize. My friend is very studious." "You have done much great work and have aided us on many occasions." Oremid Hass actually laughs and he goes, (laughs) "Look. I know that there have been "tensions in the past, but, complete honesty, I really appreciate what you do over there." "Anyway, we must be off. The evening has grown late. Isn't that correct?" Trent goes, "Yes, "that is correct. It's been a pleasure. I look forward to our paths crossing again." "To the front line of what?" "We train a good number of war mages, yes. Some of our finest will be present at Bladegarden "and beyond. Should things escalate any further, I'm sure a number of our circle will also join "where it's necessary." "You have my word and the word of the Assembly." They both have a knowing look at each other and look back to you. Trent casts forward and says, "We have been studying for quite some time as is the nature of protecting our people here, "yes, but there are still many mysteries beyond the boundaries. Why? Is there something you know that "we don't?" "Very much so. They have killed many of our people. The skies to the east darken, and we want "to keep that darkness from spreading. We wish the sun to continue to rise on this empire, and "currently it does not over the Ashkeeper Peaks." "Thank you. If you're ever near Rexxentrum, find me. I would like to continue this "conversation." Oremid Hass speaks up and goes, "All right. Well, anyway, a wonderful night to you all. Rest "well. Congratulations and well fought." Trent Ikithon. I-K-I-T-H-O-N. You're welcome. Rexxentrum, yeah. They exit, and you watch as Oremid, halfway through the room, as he has his arms folded, goes, "Oh my goodness. Look at you!" and gets down and starts going towards Frumpkin and is like, "Well, "how did you get in here?" He begins reaching for-- No. Oremid Hass immediately goes down and goes from this completely well-established presentary persona to this child-like wonder of this cat. He's like, "Come here. "Please. I would like to touch on you." Yep. Okay. You pull out of it, and you watch as Oremid actually picks up Frumpkin and holds him in his hand and starts petting him like (coos). They both continue to walk towards the exit. Okay. As they exit the chamber, Oremid, outside, goes ahead and sets Frumpkin down and pets his head for a moment. "Go on. Don't get stuck inside." They both leave and exit into the night. The Starosta is still here, yes. Make a perception check. Okay. You overhear the gist of most of the conversation, best you can without catching too much attention to yourself. Over the next 20 minutes or so, you catch what amounts to them discussing possible future difficulty in crossing border boundaries between the empire, the Menagerie Coast, and imports. The necessity of them, but having to make sure they go through very stringent processes in doing so, with the promise of coming conflict. He doesn't outright say that they're at war yet, but the Starosta is essentially laying the groundwork for maintaining trade lines through the Wuyun Gorge, across the Cyrios Mountains. Wanting to make sure that the port towns of the Menagerie Coast still have access to get the necessary goods to the empire, not only to maintain their people, but to get them as quickly as possible to the front to the east. Yeah, they're trying to basically establish-- what initially seemed like it may have been a pleasantry based arrival on their part, they have been pulled into this conversation with the Starosta out of necessity from his standpoint. You can sense there's a bit of desperation in his voice. He's generally trying to do the best job he can and feels overwhelmed in the moment and is trying as best he can to cover it. Frumpkin is maybe 20 feet outside the door and is waiting for you guys to exit. Okay. As you guys are in the process of finishing this up and people are starting to leave from the lounge area and they're starting to close down, Darrow comes up with his troupe-- they're a ways into their cups-- and he's like, "Friends, before we shove off and probably never meet again, I just "wanted to say it's been an absolute pleasure to get to meet you, to watch you fight, for you to "watch us fight. All the luck in your future endeavors." "Well, as far as I know, we're probably heading back up to Nogvurot and continuing with "our contract of sitting around and being paid for nothing." "Northeast-ish. East of Rexxentrum. That's where we've been stationed for the past six or "seven months or so. Done a few jobs here and there." "No, not until they cancel it." "Like over on the border with Xhorhas?" "Other than the fact that there have been incursions and kidnappings and stuff, it's all "been small and localized within the borders, but Bladegarden's there for a reason, and "Talonstadt." "(laughter) What are you looking for?" "Hm, a good time. To be perfectly honest, if you're looking for wining, dining, and various "nightly pleasures, my faith does not allow for that so I'm a very bad source, but," and he turns around-- "Oh. Legal trouble, or illegal trouble?" "If you're going to go illegal, you can actually go just beyond the boundaries of the "Empire to Shadycreek Run. Entire haven for murderers, thieves, and all sorts of strange "people." "There is Deastok to the west, as well as Kamordah. There's quite good drink in Kamordah. "There's Pride's Call if you like the jovial dwarvenfolk there. Much less dark and intense as "Grimgolir, because they're right on the boundary and most of them are fighting for the war as well. "Personally, Rexxentrum's got it all." "Yeah, that it is." "Not privately, no. Like I said, I've only been here for about a little over a half a year. "To me, it's not been too bad." "You as well, my friends. Drink deep. Play hard." Okay. You do notice, as Darrow leaves, he does have a medallion around his neck that, previously, was hidden under his armor. It is the symbol of the Dawnfather. The Dawnfather's legal here. As the rest of the folk are exiting out, you guys have basically waited to close down the party. Most of the servants are cleaning up and finishing up the space. The Starosta begins to leave and make his way out there with his companions and they're chatting. Classiest. Classy. "Oh yeah, of course! Jester-- " No, you told him it was Fancypants. "Fancypants McGee." "Right, right. Yes-- " "Fair enough. What can I do for you?" He gives a look and goes, "Uh," and looks back and forth between his companions. He goes, "What are you insinuating?" "Right! Right." "Right. I really appreciate that offer. Genuinely, Jester Fancypants McGee. However, such "is my life-- " "Maybe in a week. Give me some time. A lot of stuff percolating right now, but Leaky Tap, right?" "Or the Pillow Trove. All right, well I may have use of your services soon. Not at the moment, "but soon." "I appreciate that. Soon." He is trying desperately to not make the wrong impression to his friends. He darts off with them into the night. Make a constitution saving throw, Beau. Iron stomach Beauregard over here. Since you've been in town? It's probably been a week and a half to two weeks. At this point now-- Oh, no, now it's probably about 1030, 11 o'clock. All right. You exit from the forum, the Victory Pit, out into the night. The event is still going on though most of the people have filtered out. Everyone who remains is either pretty tossed or is in the process of closing down their various carts and established places of sale. The Pentamarket is closing. The festival pushed it a little for some establishments. You make your way, walking towards the Tri-Spires, and that's we're going to take our break. Yeah, we're taking a break because it's 850. We'll be right back. However, we do have our Wyrmwood giveaway. Tonight, we have the quilted maple dice tray. With our leather interior. You may touch it. Not only do you win it, but you win it touched by Laura Bailey. The price just went up by 20%. The quilted maple one will go to one of you lucky winners in the US or Canada, excluding Quebec. Come into the Twitch chat. Tonight's term is "Victory." Put in the word "Victory" in the chat to be entered, only once. More than once and you'll be disqualified. We'll come back at the end of the break to announce the winner. See you guys there in a little bit. [break] Yes! We had break ice cream. Nobody tell my trainer. You guys are leaving the Pentamarket in the late hours of the evening, making your way towards the Tri-Spires. As you approach the outskirts of the outer wall, the gates open, the guards there posted, there are three there waiting. They begin to approach as your troupe begins to arrive. One of them steps up, goes, "Halt please, we've-- Oh, right, please, you may continue." One of them is the guy that kicked him originally. He's not the one that interfaced with you, but he's standing by the side there, just waiting. He watches you approach as you walk by, and he goes-- He swallows and doesn't respond. Just looks off in the distance. As you guys make your way through the streets of the Tri-Spire-- Okay. There's the group ahead of you, maybe 15 feet, and you're approaching the exterior of the Pillow Trove. Do you consent to this piggy-back ride? That's amazing. There's the Zauber Spire, glistening and lit from beneath. Assembled, and no longer akimbo. You guys approach the exterior of the Pillow Trove. There's these steps that ascend to the entryway, the arched door frame, and you enter the beautiful-- As you make your way into the-- The Pillow Trove, in its beautiful marvel presentation there awaits you as you come into the well-lit interior. There's a number of candles that are hanging on small hooks in the walls, and dangle there, and the flames flicker to light the archway, and the inside. There you see, sitting at the table, going through a stack of parchment, is Madam Luenna, who you had briefly seen before in this beautiful red dress. Well kept, almost bouncy brunette hair, and golden eyes, and she smiles as you enter. "Hello, "how might I help you this evening?" "I do remember, yes. Good to see you." "I did not. I did not attend that portion of the festival, but congratulations!" "That's wonderful." "But of course. Is that a room for each of you?" "Well, I'm happy to offer you rooms at the discounted rate of the charging price we give to "it. It's still an establishment." "Well, it doesn't work that way, my dear." "All right. How many rooms would you like?" "Two rooms. All right." Okay. Two rooms, purchased for the night. If I recall correctly, that would put you around four gold. For each room. This was her ceding to the Victory Pit victory and return customer price. Jester, what are you doing? Okay, so you head to where you went previously, which is a little side chamber. There's a young woman there waiting, who is falling asleep at the desk. "Oh, I'm sorry! I "didn't see you there. Can I help you?" "Oh. Well, very well done." "Name?" "Jester. Hold on just a second." She gets up and walks out of the room. A minute passes. Two minutes pass. On the desk of this woman who has left? There looks to be a small oil lantern set there that's flickering. It's well-made. No, it looks like she took it with her. About five minutes pass before she enters with a small parcel under her arm, and goes, "I "believe this is to you, Jester, correct?" It's a small box about that big, it says "Jester" written in nice handwriting on it. She does have her hand open. Thank you very much, madam. Have a wonderful night and stay here at The Pillow Trove. As you guys head back, the keys are given out to both of you. The madam leads you up to your chambers. On your way up, she goes, "Are there any other services that you will require while you're "staying here this evening to celebrate?" "All kinds of services." "Wine can be delivered. Companionship can be provided." "Ah, well--" You see her trying to find the words for it. She goes, "Likely the best kind of "companionship you can find." "No, I know of her. She has a reputation. But we have fine companions here as well, to--" "She has a great reputation, yes. But she works outside of the Empire. Should you be "interested, we have a number of individuals across the spectrum who would be happy to lend you an "ear, and help ease your mind." "How about you come and find me when you've decided whether or not?" The madam leaves. The Cobalt Soul? You know of them, in the way that you know of the people at City Hall that keep all the records of buildings and such. You know it exists, everyone knows it's part of the structure, but nobody really pays much attention because it's a place of learning beyond what the usual learning process is. Certain people would. Kind of, yeah. People know it exists, but the few people that really take an interest in it either end up pursuing it, or adjacently to it. Those people end up acquiring more knowledge and end up becoming more prominent in the society. It's almost an unused resource, unfortunately. Within the Empire? They're one of the many sanctioned places of worship for the Knowing Mistress. But they're with the Empire, they function within the Empire, and the individuals that run each Archive are appointed by the Crown. As with all places of worship in the kingdom, whoever helms those locations-- the High Priest, the High Archivist, whoever they are-- they are appointed by the Crown and work directly for the Empire. All religion here is employed by the Empire at the highest point. That's after winter, unfortunately. You have to wait until spring for those to come around again. God, I miss those. Yeah, it was amazing. Guys! Reading's cool! No, legitimately, it is. You head to your rooms at the Pillow Trove. First off, the package, as you shake it a bit, it has various objects inside of it. It rattles a bit. No. It's about eight to ten pounds. As you open the package and unwrap it, it's pretty well wrapped, you open the parcel and on the inside there is a bag of coin about that big there. There is a small bundle that's wrapped with twine, and there's a letter. Okay. The package contains a vial about that big, filled with dark liquid. You shake it there. You do. She keeps it, usually, by her materials. It's a bottle of her lavender perfume. LAURA, SAM, and It's a smell that's very much affiliated with her, and as you smell it, a wave of nostalgia comes over you. Your childhood flashes through you again. Within that bundle as well, you see there are five small ink vials of different colors. There's a red ink, there's a blue ink, there's a green ink, and then two black. Magenta, cyan. (laughs) And 200 gold in the pouch. Okay. All right, so you head downstairs. The madam goes, "Well, I can definitely provide those requests. That sounds like a two "companion request." "Preference? Male, female, in between?" "Very well. That will run you 20 gold." As the rest of you are turning in for the evening, to relax. You all eventually get yourselves comfortable. Caleb, you're reading through your book. Then, at the door, (knocking) of the male room, and it opens up. There you see a young man and a young woman both enter, in nice silk robes. Both human. "All right, so, who requested the service?" They bring in a small platter of grapes, and other fruit. Caleb? "Yes, of course, another room can be provided." "For your troupe, that would be four gold for a third." "All right, here's your key. It's two doors down from the one on the left that you originally "purchased with your friends." Make a perception check. Taking donations? I think so, yeah. All you hear are giggles. You see Fjord in the hallway. Yeah. The rats are currently back at the Leaky Tap. Well, no, you haven't. No, you still have them, you haven't gone back. The giggling gets louder from the other room. With a (squeak) as you pull it away. You make your way to Caleb's room? All right, you go order food, for the breadth of the evening meals it costs we'll say one gold, five silver for food for everybody. You guys make your way to Caleb's room. I mean, that's up to you if you want to-- As far as I know, yeah, she's being pretty forthright. No, it's up to her whether or not she decides if she needs to or not. Yeah. You can, yeah. Can we get everybody else but Sam and Marisha to leave? Oh, sure. Well, then! Can we retrieve the rest of the group, please? Back to the table. (sharp exhale) We got a Caleb lore dump. Got a Caleb lore dump. As you find yourselves reading for a bit, eventually a knock comes at the door, and a little bit of snacks are brought over from the side of the girls' room, if you want some. The food arrives at your guys' room, and the knock does come at your room, Molly. As the food arrives, the door opens, and the two-- The food has arrived as the companions and you have completed your evening-- If there's something else you want to do. Then you may go to the bathroom if you'd like, and we're going to come back in the morning. Whenever the rest of our group returns? Well, until they get here-- Gotcha, no worries. (singing) Pregnancy. As the evening draws to a close, you all get probably the finest rest you've had in a while. It's extravagant rooms, the inner chambers are well-decorated, the morning window-- as the drapery is left open, the sun comes through in golden beams-- It's the morning time. You guys come to consciousness. You gather yourselves. What are you guys doing with the day? All right. Yeah, you guys have all woken up and gotten together again. We'll say for purposes of this that breakfast has been provided, like brought to your room as part of the staying over, but you finish your morning. Upper-end continental. There you go! You backing her up? Yeah, they're lying through their teeth. Sure. Yeah. They're less paints and more colored inks. You can purchase paints wherever you want to, but these are like-- But you have paints to do it. You paint her a little picture. (clicking) Postage for sending it off is simple enough at that size to be about five silver from here to Nicodranas. To Dolan's first? All right. Who's going where? Pumat, library. The rest of you guys are going to Dolan's? So. As you guys-- As you guys exit the Pillow Trove, and you make your way outside of the Tri-Spires, the first thing of note is the tone and the mood of the city has shifted dramatically. No. First things first. The skies are gray. What little bits of sunlight came through the last day have completely absconded. The sky is covered in gray, nearly stormy clouds. There is an air of stress and question in the streets as you start seeing Righteous Brand groups making their way through. As you make your way through the north side of the Pentamarket, one of the town criers comes by shouting, "War declared on the Kryn by the King in retribution of attack on eastern "garrisons!" Another one, a few moments later further down the way shouts out, "Righteous Brand "mobilizing east to protect our families! Spare what provisions you can to ensure victory and "support our defenders!" There are clusters of Righteous Brand groups, the full armored military outside of the Signet Wall that have come into the streets and are basically picking up provisions, asking for donations from anyone that can spare things for this scenario. They're grabbing horses from nearby stables, and it seems like since the close of the festival, through the night and into the morning, preparations have already kicked in on the military side. You're already split up. You heard bits of it as you split off. You guys heard a bit. It says, "Crick incursion "threatening imperial borders! The Starosta recommends armed escorts for travel across the "valley!" A lot of these Righteous Brand soldiers are also saying goodbye to their families. There's a lot of people in big embraces with their children or with their parents, and there's very much the air of the morning before the big shift begins. The Crownsguard themselves are doing the best to keep the peace and inform people and not keep individuals from freaking out as much, but you do see a few arguments breaking out in the streets and there's that general tension of, "What's happening? What's going on? How bad is this?" But everything seems relatively under control. The Signet Wall, which is to the north side of the city, which is where all the military is usually situated-- you don't have a view beyond the wall, of course, but you can see that's where a large part of the Righteous Brand is emerging into the city from. Yeah, there is a definite building presence, and tension in the city in preparation for the shift eastward. You guys are heading to Dolan's still? Or what are you doing? You guys are heading back to the Leaky Tap? Oh, the Taskboard. Okay. You guys head to the Taskboard outside of the King's Hall, the four of you. There's the original posting "Seeking or paying for any information on Myriad or unlawful activity within "the city." There's the reward on rebel gatherings, anti-crown rhetoric that you've seen. There is a shift to the recent Righteous Brand convincing letter. It says, "War has found our doorstep. "Defend your family from the Xhorhasian hordes by sword or shield. Good pay and adventurous living "as a soldier of the Righteous Brand. Seek Leopold Wanstiker at the Marrow Keep in the Signet Wall." The other "Proof of others' worship of heretical gods paid in gold." You don't see any immediate postings for armed guards but those are probably done privately through the merchant guilds. However, as you're looking at the board a voice goes "Oh, well that's perfect!" You see Voloshin, the Keeper of the Hall who you had previously interfaced with when you did your job in the sewers, comes out in his robes and he says, "We'd actually sent a page to look for you but "they must've missed you. The Lawmaster wishes to speak with you, would you come with me?" "Providence it is. Enter, please." He leads you inside the hall of the king and there are the two archways between the clerk's center and the Lawbearer's small shrine within the chamber. He leads you down the right hallway past two sets of doors and there's a third door on the right that is partially ajar. As you enter it, you see a spacious if rather minimalistic chamber. It's a bare chamber beyond a bookcase, the desk, with a long bench in front of it, and a series of three small windows where the sunlight comes through-- or the light, there's not really sunlight at the moment because of the weather. Beyond that, it's white marble and fairly empty. There at the desk you see, her arms sprawled looking down over clusters of parchments, the Lawmaster Orentha Stonegrasp. Her gray hair has tumbled past her shoulders and her bangs have been pulled back like a natural circlet, keeping it out of her eyes. He pushes you into the chamber, she has a dark brown fur robe on. The cold morning air makes the room, especially the dark marble, very cold. She keeps it on for warmth. She looks up from the papers and greets you with a smile and goes, "Thank you for "coming. That was mighty fast. Have a seat, if you don't mind. Thank you, Voloshin, close the door, "if you could." "Of course, my dear." He closes the door, leaves you in there. "I wasn't expecting "such a rapid response, but I appreciate your expediency." "That's fantastic. Please, have a seat. I'd like to discuss a few things with you if you don't "mind. First off, congratulations yesterday. That was quite a display and a fantastic victory. Well--" "I see you are aware of the shifts in our current imperial state of affairs. We haven't had "war in generations. I'm hopeful that the conflict is swift, but I'll leave that concern to those "with the right expertise. I'm tasked with keeping my people safe here, not on the front. Here. Now, "wartime puts us in an unfortunate scenario. Zadash effectively governs the southern half of the "empire and most of military might is now leaving us. Our Crownsguard will be stretched thin across "keeping the peace and dealing with unrest and worry and protecting these walls from whatever "pushes through the lines of battle and the general things that wander from beyond our boundaries. "Money isn't an issue, but personnel is. There are outlying threats and criminals we no longer have "the manpower for and as such, the Crown has approved an expanded mercenary budget. Now you've "already proven your ability to me twice. Most recent, your skills in the Victory Pit showing you "capable and loyal to the king. I know not your interest, but if you would come under contact, "under my office as legionnaires of the empire, you would be responsible for protecting the lives of "many innocent people. Now, under contract you would receive 15 gold a week per person as "a stipend whether or not you were on contract or not. It could be at your leisure, months at a time "with no work and you still get paid no matter what you do. Each assignment rewards its own bounty of "course, case by case. The work I'll be presenting would largely involve the hunting of outstanding "criminals, the acquisition of resources that may benefit the Empire in this time of war, and "sometimes the extermination of dangerous creatures that threaten life away from the front lines. Now "you'd all have credentials within the Empire and that will grant you access to supplies, pro bono. "Access to empirical halls, and individuals otherwise restricted to the general populace." "When they're available, those supplies are a bit stretched thin and put toward the front "lines. We could probably muster what we can. Could I hope for your help on this?" "Dire times make for dire circumstances. We don't take lightly the ask that we're giving here--" "I understand, that's fine." She smiles lightly, the crow's nests in her eyes folding in a bit. "I hold no grudge against you should you decline. That's all." "Okay." "Well, should you be interested, the first contract I can discuss, if you choose to sign with "us. It does offer a 10,000 gold bounty." "I can't tell you until you sign the contract." "Oh I have no choice, I'm in the process--" and she gestures to the papers below her and there's a stack of approval letters and reports that have to be put out there. She's dividing what forces that she can allow to go the eastern front and sticking her feet in the sand on what things she needs to maintain order in the city. "Well, the issue here is that many of our finest investigators and hunters will be sent to "the east and as such many of the criminals and individuals that we were in the process of finding "and bringing to justice will now go free or return and run rampant." "Well, consider what I'm saying. At the very least, come back and notify me." "No harm no foul otherwise." She leans forward and goes, "Look, I understand. People are "as varied as they are selfish. I believe in the Empire, but I definitely don't believe with all "the people that run it. I do what I do because I feel if I don't a lot of good people will be "crushed under the boot of those that misuse their power. But there are good people here, and we do "what we can. I've seen the good that we can do. That's why I'm here. I wish to fight for this land "that I call home, to protect those who cannot protect themselves, and combat the destructiveness "and selfishness of anarchy. Utopia's impossible, I know that, but I do what I can to make life as "livable as possible. Anyway, go speak with your friends, and I'll be here if you need me." "If the war makes it here, then we're in far more trouble than I anticipated." "Thank you. I should get back to work." She rubs her hands and gets back down to the paper. The door opens behind and Voloshin leads you back out of the King's Hall. She gives a nod and a wave. You guys are escorted out of the King's Hall and left back out to the streets. As you guys get to The Leaky Tap, you see near the front door a young page wearing similar, though simpler, robes as Voloshin and members of the King's Hall, who approaches and goes, "Oh, hi! "I'm sorry, I was sent to give you this summons from the Lawmaster." "Very well," and then runs off. You guys gather your supplies and start making your way back towards the Pentamarket. The three of you, where are you going? SAM and You make your way towards the Archive of the Cobalt Soul here in Zadash. The same beautiful building with the large, steepled tower top. As you guys make your way to the front archway of the entrance of the archive, there is the main sign-in bench, which has the large tome that's on a small pedestal, where you sign in to enter the facility, and then you're greeted by one of the archivists who approaches. You recognize this individual as Madeer. Has olive-colored skin, short, dark hair, approaches with a smile. "Beauregard, you come with companions." "Fantastic. What is it you seek this day?" "History can be done. Arcanists can be done. Please, do sign in here." "And your friend?" "No surname, very well. I will be escorting you as well. Come." Madeer leads you into the library. For the first time you guys seeing it, it is overwhelming. It's strange. For as much as there's a very calm, almost cathedral-like structure on the exterior, the interior of the chambers have a curved, organic feel to the way it's situated and organized. The bookshelves wrap around these walls, these separate antechambers that are broken up like ventricles of a heart. In each one, it is floor to 15-foot ceiling filled books with large shifting ladders that glide across poles and wheels. There are a number of tables and small nooks where individuals are in the process of taking notes or reading through. It's not super crowded. There's maybe eight other people in the facility at this time. Obviously the city is very occupied with other things at the moment. It's not like there's a huge, constant need for this, and the people in here are usually regulars. A lot of older folks, people who tend to spend their later life wanting to read and learn. You are led to a section. Madeer reads through. "Arcanists, you say? Historically? Are we "talking Age of Arcanum?" "I believe so." A few tomes are retrieved. "This here is a recollection of what elements of historical "significance could be pulled from the remnants of the Age of Arcanum, pre-Calamity. There are a "great number of mages out there, though many of them befell darker interests. But here are those "books. If you're looking for more modern mages, we have historical information on the past 200 years "of empirical magecraft and powerful wizards in that realm." "Explain what you mean by 'unexplained,' please." "That would be more Soltryce Academy material. They do lay claim to most of those "theoretical discussions and research. The Cerberus Assembly would be the keepers of those research "endeavors." "I have a book here on the Cerberus Assembly, if that would be of interest to you." These tomes are presented to you. You can spend time to read if you'd like. Madeer watches the entire time, like a hawk. Which book do you go through first? Okay. Are you absorbing it, or are you skimming through? Cover to cover will take you the better part of the day. You're a speed reader, but this is also very dense material, and it is essentially a historical theorizing on historical elements they've been able to piece together. I'd say by the time you've gotten here, it'd be about noon in the day. Yes, and I'd say you'd finish this book by about 300. You want me to just tell you all the history? What are you looking for? You have to give me something to go on here, otherwise this is going to turn into an hour and a half of me telling you about the history of the Age of Arcanum. Okay. There are discussions about transmutation on a powerful level. It involves the creation of turning mountains into mobile clouds. It speaks of, in the Age of Arcanum, there were floating cities. There was arcane technology utilized in that period, which was this magical utopia, but a lot of that was lost in the war, partially because a lot of these mages, when they had developed magic to this point, weren't satiated with their mortal capabilities, and that was when they were easily corruptible by the betrayer gods. Then it goes into discussion of the Calamity. Magics that can alter the fabric of reality exist out there. Some of them appear to be myth, some have been wiped from time and history because they've been voted too dangerous and they're supposedly under lock and key in other places of the world, if not completely eradicated because it was not fit to leave them in the hands of mortals. Yes. It speaks on theories and manipulations of-- if you're looking for things reality-based, reality's a big scope. Transmutation specifically, most of what you can glean from this discusses the idea of turning from one creature to another, turning from one substance to another, how they would be able to build fortresses out of stone and then turn it to diamond for extra protective elements, and those were the great palaces of that age. You find some discussion of it. You find some discussion of the manipulation of time, but what minor manipulation is capable through magic is merely to slow or expedite what happens. Accelerating time to a certain degree becomes very dangerous, and there is talk of some mages that have attempted to reverse time in short stints, and that process is both very taxing and in the past has completely annihilated those who toyed with that power. It speaks specifically of two different mages who believed that they could possibly alter choices, alter elements of their past to benefit their future, their gaining of power and influence. One was turned to dust, the other was never seen again. It has been frustrating, but fine. Zeenoth is a great friend. I have not seen her this morning, but I don't know if she's left or not. You read through that tome. It's about three in the afternoon now. It has a breakdown of previous members who passed away. It's basically a historical dialogue of how it was established. The name was actually a reference to a group that existed in the Age of Arcanum. It talks about how there was a war of mage houses 150 years ago within the empire that nearly destroyed part of the capital, Rexxentrum, and as part of the ceasefire and the arrest of these mage houses that were at war, as opposed to imprisoning them, they agreed to bind themselves to the empire and work for them. That's what the Cerberus Assembly was established as a power under rule of the king. Since then has flourished. It's helped the kingdom rise to power, it helped them conquer the Julous Dominion. They work with and under the king. It talks of all the members and it talks about what they do. Trent is in there. There is Master Trent Ikithon, who is the Archmage of Civil Influence. Civil Influence is the title and it talks about how he is the propagandist and the constructor of the face of the Empire in upper-echelon circles. It speaks of Martinet Lunidus Da'leth who is the Archmage of Domestic Protections, who is the oldest in the original member of the Assembly who still lives. Was there when it was built and is currently considered the leader of the Assembly. It speaks of Marquis Jenna Iresor who is the Archmage of Industry. One of the younger members of the Assembly. There is Master Doolan Tversky who is the Archmage of Dysology. LIAM and D-Y-S-O-L-O-G-Y. There is-- There is Lord Athesias Uludan who is the Archmage of Diplomatic Union. There is Lady Vess DeRogna who is the Archmage of Antiquity. I'll send you these later. It's fine. I'll send you an email. There is Headmaster Zivan Margolin who is the Archmage of Conscription. Then there is Headmaster Oremid Hass who is the Archmage of Cultivation. Those are the eight members currently. Oh, there is a lot more information! Doolan. Yeah, burrowing vision into your neck. "Of course! Good day." "Good to see you, Beauregard." He escorts you out of the Archive. Yeah, and there's a whole second level above the spiral staircase. You guys, what have you been up to during this time? Because it's been a number of hours. You've gathered all your materials. You went and checked on your cart, which is now currently-- Okay, that is a nasty fucking manticore head. The flesh has sloughed off of it at this point. Yeah, it's pretty rough. You have your cart, the horses are still there. The horses you had, at least. As you focus on it, there's nothing really there until your hand touches it and then there's a momentary connection. You feel the thrumming of the object, this dull heartbeat. Your vision goes tunneled until you're pulled into this space of light and stars, distant gases and colors. There you see, beyond this brief journey, this sense of self dissipating. At the moment where it gets a little scary and you being to lose a sense of personal identity, you see this tiny gray mote of energy before you that's also pulsing with that same pattern. You instinctively reach out and feel as you absorb it into yourself, and there, the fragment of-- Did you say anything? Your vision has come back to you and you feel this-- We'll say for the purposes of expediency, and you guys lolling around a little bit to try and catch up, you all arrive at Pumat Sol's in roughly the same time in the Pentamarket. As you enter the interior of the chamber, you can see the three Pumats are dusting and staring off because there are currently no other people making purchases inside. Most of the business and chaos-- people dealing with the initial shock and preparation stage of this coming scuffle with the East. As you enter, the first Pumat glances over in your direction. "Oh, hello there! It's real "interesting morning times. What can I do for you?" "Unfortunately, you guys have pretty much cleaned me out, and what little bits I had were "snatched up bright and early this morning by the Righteous Brand." "Generally, I don't like to plug rival purveyors here in the city." "Because we're at war." "No, but I mean it's that time of year right now apparently where war happens. That's a "problem." (laughs) "No!" "I don't think that's any of our fates right now, isn't that right, boys?" They're all like, "Yeah, no that's--" "No, warfare's not my thing." "Unfortunately, you've taken the bulk of what was there, other than a few odds "and ends that you couldn't afford previously." "We got a little more paper, yeah." "Certainly. That can be provided. We still have that little pearl thing, we got the "bracelets, but that's all we got at the moment. Mister Prime back there is hard at work." He turns back and you hear this voice like, "Yeah! Got a lot of stock to kick up now! You cleared me out for a "while, which thanks for that!" "Oh this here's a pearl that allows you to go ahead and utilize your magical capabilities. "Let's see here. Yeah, you use a command word and it allows you to regain one of your spells." "This one runs you roughly about 350 gold pieces." "All righty, by all means." "Once per day." "Well, here you are, if you would like to--" It is. "There's this enchanted shield here, which we discussed previously. That has an enchantment "to its deflection capabilities so it will help improve your chances of avoiding dangerous "physical contact via weaponry and other sources. Then these here are this pair of bracers are able "to do a similar scenario given you don't have too many types of hide or metal in the way to prevent "the enchantment from protecting you, but--" "Well, nah, it only works if you don't have any armor or shield." "Yeah, sorry." "That one will run you back about 1,200 gold." "Let me go ahead and check there for a second, those are generally smaller-scale here. "Pumat III, if you don't mind." "I got it, already listening to you, don't worry." He goes up a small ladder in the far corner into an attic place and you hear some rustling around as the other Pumats are there patiently watching. "So yeah, crazy war times, huh?" "Oh, this here enchanted shield will run you about 550 gold pieces." "Fair enough." About five minutes pass and then the Pumat comes down, he's got a small, bound cluster of bolts and he goes, "Hey, so it's all we got, but we've got a batch here of ten enchanted "crossbow bolts. These upon firing should offer a small batch of fiery impact on whatever you strike "with them." "For each of these, it's 50 gold per bolt." "Two bolts, here you go." He passes them over to you. These bolts, upon impact, do an additional 1d8 fire damage. You have two of them, and it's one use only. You may have a chance of recovering them, depending. Any other business you want to do before you decide to leave the city? Okay. Yeah. In the interest of time, Jasna Bree, who is a rather eccentric woman with wild black hair, a slightly hard to follow disposition, greets you and is like, "Hi! Welcome! Glad you could make it! "Healing potions, yes. Unfortunately kind of already cleared out. I'm so sorry. Give me a week, "I will have a fresh batch of healing potions, and I'd be happy to help." "I do! I do!" "I have four!" "For each it's-- let me check." She goes into her ledger. Yeah, it works out well. With herbalism kits? I believe you would, yes. Correct, it is five gold per. You have to have proficiency with it to make a potion of healing. Are you proficient with herbalism kit? It would be under your proficiencies. Sorry. Okay! There you go. Yeah, she easily has materials and sells them to you. Not potions. You can make poisons, acid, various alchemical concepts, but that's the gist of it. No. She is purely a purveyor of salves and natural remedies and-- Yeah. Yes. The healer's kit usually can be used to stabilize somebody. There's a feat you can take that allows you to spend an action to heal someone with it in combat. It's called the Healer feat. Which is actually pretty cool. It turns anybody into a combat healer. Who's helming that? Make an investigation check. She's helping you with it. It's advantage on you. You gather the knowledge of this war has blindsided most of the merchant guilds in Zadash. Best you can tell, most of them are in the process of getting ready to figure out what their next endeavor is. Those that would be leaving won't be leaving for a few days. If you hang around, you may be able to pick up that kind of work. As you guys make your way back to the King's Hall, you are escorted back into Orentha Stonegrasp's office. "I see you've returned. I appreciate your expediency in getting back to me." Her crackling Southern drawl breaking through with her bright dwarven smile. "Considering what we've "discussed, what have you come to a conclusion on?" "I understand." "I understand, that's all right." "I hope so. We'll send someone else after the Hawker." "The Hawker." "Don't worry about it." H-A-W-K. "No. He actually was a legionnaire for us about five years back, but then went rogue, and we "believe had ties with the Myriad and became a powerful tent-pole here in the Marrow Valley. We "had him cornered in Deastok about three months ago by a team of crownsguard under the leadership of "Carlos Ventuga. But this Hawker slew Carlos and fled south into the Wuyun Gorge and disappeared "into the Menagerie Coast. We're having to send whoever we can to try and retrieve him and bring him "back alive." "Yes." "If you need more time, that's fine." "No, but the longer it takes, the easier he probably has vanishing into the south." "We sent a troupe after him about eight weeks ago, and I fear they may not be coming back "at this point. We intended to send some of our top investigators from the capital after this "bounty--" "It's 10,000 gold alive, 5,000 dead." "Unfortunately, if this is to happen, I need you under contract." "I'm good, I appreciate your conscientiousness." "I'm all right, but thank you." "It's fine." "Retrieving this man and bringing him back here for justice." "The contract has you as a legionnaire, and as part of that you just--" "Well, until we decide to mutually end your service." "Well, if you wish out of it, we can discuss it, it's fine. But I mean as opposed to deserting "is the problem." "He ran away and then allied himself, we believe, with the Myriad and then has since, upon "attempting to bring him in, murdered some of our finest men." "Part of the bounty would still apply I'm sure." "Probably half." "Think about it." You guys can discuss this over the next week if you want. You don't need to decide this right now. It's fine. "Return when you have an idea." You're led outside and start making your way to the Leaky Tap to discuss your plan of action. There, waiting-- As you guys head back to The Leaky Tap, the Righteous Brand are making their way through the city. It's a weirdly solemn, unexpected military parade essentially as they're just gathering supplies and making their way through. It's a show of strength to help rise the spirits of people that seem confused and worried about this coming conflict. So it does seem to calm nerves and a lot of the children seem excited to see them. Coming down the streets on their horses and their armaments on display. While you're watching it go by, a voice whispers up next to you and goes, "Psst, hey." You turn and you see, hood up, Kara. "Sorry, don't mean to bother you. If you have a "moment, things are getting strange around here and The Gentleman may have a bit of work for you." (groaning) We'll pick up from there next week. You guys made quite a display last night in the Victory Pit. Yeah, I know. Picking up on that. However, you guys do level up. You hit level five. That means let's all roll some hit points to finish off the evening here. Yeah. So we'll start over here, we'll go in order. What'd you get, Beau? There you go. Whatever your constitution modifier is. Ten extra hit points to Beau. What'd you get, Nott? Roll a d8. Nice! I believe for a warlock it's also a d8. Caleb is a d6, he's the only one. Warlock is a d8, but it adds a plus. What'd you get? d8, yeah. Nice. You are as a cleric, yes. Five, okay. d10 for you. You guys are all rolling above average, nice. d12 for you. Shit, you guys rolled really good this time, well done! It'll be your constitution modifier, so a plus two to that for 13 hit points. So add 11 and it should give you 13. For Molly, Beau, and Yasha, that means your attack action now does two attacks. You get an extra ki point. Casters all get level three spells. That's pretty great. And your proficiency bonus goes up by one. So all your proficient skills, proficient attacks, spell DCs, and spell attack modifiers all go up by one. I think it's all going to be included in there already, in the app. It's a good level. Correct. Beau also gets Stunning Strike. This is my favorite part. Watching people realize what they get when they level up. Yep. That's part of the reason that Vax survived so much in the last campaign. No, it's just your reaction, once a round. Yeah. Yes, you do get another blood curse, you get to choose. Then you get, of course, 3rd-level spells, and you get another invocation. You can mess with it later. It's late afternoon at this point. You guys are coming back right as you met with Kara there. Yasha, your speed increases by ten, which is nice. That's some fun stuff. We'll leave it there and we'll pick up next week in this pre-war chaos. Guys, thank you so much for hanging with us. I hope you had a good time. We had a good time. We'll be back next Thursday, see where this goes as choices, paths, avenues, and possibilities all begin to arise. Yeah, it automatically puts it up. Okay, let's do it. Happy birthday. I love you, we're going to get Taco Bell.