And welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Or that. We also do that, I guess. What the fuck was that?! Oh my god. Welcome. We're already loopy, what could possibly go wrong? So yes, welcome! Before we jump into tonight's game, we have some announcements to get through real fast so hold tight for just a moment. First and foremost, continuing tonight's sponsorship with our friends at D&D Beyond. Our now long-term partner. We're super excited to be working with them for the foreseeable future for the time being with the show. Sam, you have some words, I believe. Thank you so much, Sam. And thank you, D&D Beyond, for being our partners for this new campaign. Oh man. Talks Machina, of course, our after talk show about this episode will be on next Tuesday, as it is every Tuesday, after the show at 700pm Pacific here on Twitch and Project Alpha, with our host Brian W. Foster. (burp) I always burp when I say his name. I wonder what that says about him. I don't know why. It's the cabbage. So check that out. Merch, Laura. Great, thank you, Laura. Podcast. Episode one of this campaign is already up. So those of you following in podcast form or have friends who have been waiting to listen to the podcast on their commute; it is available, the first episode. Every Thursday morning, we'll have the episode of the previous week available and we'll be keeping those up consistently as the campaign progresses, and we also have the entire story of Vox Machina currently available on podcast. Makes me happy. Once again, we are firmly in support of our longtime charity partners, 826LA. They do awesome work teaching creative writing classes for children who normally wouldn't have the opportunity to get involved. They do phenomenal work. I recommend that you research them and if you can, either help with a donation or actually, you can donate your time as well to help teach and be part of the program if one is near you. Go check it out. Yeah. Run a game for a bunch of cool teenagers and show them how awesome this game is. Those are the same, Sam. I like to think I was always cool. No, it's not true at all. I'm still trying to get there. All right, cool! Appearances. Laura and Travis will be at Emerald City Comic Con in Seattle, March 2nd to the 4th. If you're up in that area, go over and say hi to them. I will be at Lexington Comic and Toy Con in Lexington, Kentucky March 9th to the 11th. As well as Otafest in Calgary up in Canada, May 18th to the 20th, and Akon in Texas, June 7th to the 10th. Beautiful. And I believe-- Issue four on the 24th, I believe it is? Into pure shadow. The invitation is there, folks. Screencap and photoshop away. On that note, that concludes our announcements, thank you for your patience. And I believe it's time for us to begin tonight's episode of Critical Role. [80s music] Upon entering the tent, they saw a number of performances. However, during a musical performance by this young dwarven girl whose voice was this mysterious, magically enchanting experience, a member of the audience rose up and began to transform into a terrible undead creature that began to lash out, killing another member of the audience, who then began to become one of these same creatures. You all, grabbing your weapons from Yasha, who had been keeping them stashed away, leapt into the fray, slaughtered both of these terrible beasts, just in time for the crownsguard to rush in and ask you what the hell happened. After information had been gathered of who was immediately available and responsible for this carnival, Gustav, Bo the Breaker, and Molly were marked to be arrested. One of the guards was escorted outside of the tent by Yasha, who was going to show him where this young dwarven girl was currently resting, and upon being led astray to the wrong tent, she just ran into the distant hills and vanished. And that is where we left off. You're still in the tent. With the crownsguard and with Watchmaster Jossyd. The crownsguard that had left naught but a moment before comes rushing in, his breath huffing, sweat dripping from his brow, his eyes wild. He goes, "Watchmaster! The big woman is gone! She's gone!" The Watchmaster turns to him and says, "You three, go with him. Search for her." They all immediately run out back out the performer's flap and he turns to the rest of you in the group, "Shackle and drag those three down "to the stockade." About five guards approach and begin to press Gustav, Bo, and Molly to the ground and begin to put chains and shackles on them. He's in mid-speech, "The rest of you keep an eye on the performers here. Ask around, see what "you can find. As for the others, don't go far." "You may be innocent, in which case you have nothing to worry about. However, we have an "investigation to complete, so I would ask that you stay in the city and wait until you are called in. "You will be questioned, and when this investigation is completed, regardless of how long "it may take, you are not to leave Trostenwald." All the rest of the crownsguard glance to each other, he goes, "Well, unfortunately, that is "not for me to decide. The Lawmaster would have to be appealed to. If you wish to come with us, we "can bring you along with us to the stockade and you can speak with her. Then, perhaps, she may "grant you leniency, but I can give you no guarantee." "Well, we could do that instead. We'll have you arrested, put you in the stockade as we "question the rest of you." "We're leaving. The rest of you, stay in here. Watch over the performers. Make sure nobody "leaves. Come if you wish. Otherwise, we'll be in touch." The Watchmaster gathers alongside the other five crownsguard, lifting up the shackles of the three that had been arrested and begin to drag them outside of the tent and into the night air. Okay. You may, if you want to. So you send Frumpkin just to follow them. You guys are staying behind, then? The Watchmaster is going with them, or at least he's exiting the tent with them. It looks like there are five crownsguard attending the three of them that are shackled. Okay. Okay, so the two of you are following. Anybody with them? Currently, it's you two and Frumpkin. All right, so as you guys exit, keeping a pace behind, watching the crownsguard guiding the current prisoners towards the actual city, Frumpkin keeping a zig-zagging distance behind and following. Yes? I would say yes, but you are purely like-- because all you're doing is walking forward and you need someone to guide you. He can talk but he can't hear you. All right. So, first off, Beauregard. As you back out of the performer's exit of the tent into the center of their encampment, the immediate exit, there are already four crownsguard currently searching around and setting up a watch perimeter around the different tents. They're gathering and making sure none of the other performers have fled and a lot of them are being brought out into an area where there's a number of tents all facing towards a large campfire in the center. There's a couple of chairs set up there, it's kind of the common area for the performers of the carnival and it looks like they're all being put out there so they can get a bead on it and make sure they know where everyone else is. Are you trying to stealth out of sight or just trying to not draw attention? Okay, all right. Go and make a stealth check just to see if-- 17. Okay. As you kind of dart through the flap of the tent and move behind one of the large carts that currently is still affixed to a horse that is currently just chewing on an apple, and you hear the crunch in its teeth, you glance over past the edge of the immediate near tent and you can see this group gathering there and it appears that no one's immediately aware of your presence. Toya. You do not see her yet. The guard just got out there and they're just beginning to pull people out. You do see the fire dancer brought out there. You then see the two-- Yeah, Ornna. The Knot sisters are brought out and pushed out there and they're all looking very frustrated. Yeah, they're not shoving them around, they're just calling them out to the front so they know where they are. Make a perception check. 21. Okay, as you glance about, you don't see anything lurking in the shadows. What you do notice, though, is one of them bring Toya out of one of the-- the tent that's on the southern side and as he brings her out, there's a heavy thud sound, and you see coming out from behind the tent the large form of-- you heard the name Kylre once, but the ''devil toad." The obese lizard man who's stomping up behind. It looks like a lizard man, so scaled, humanoid, but extremely thick, bulbous belly, large, almost frog-like legs-- Due to the size of his form, mostly all fours and lumbering forward on all of them but sits back on a bipedal situation. The toad is hiding behind the tent and as soon as Toya comes out, comes up to the guard and puffs up its chest. The guard spins around and goes for the blade and pulls it out just carefully. The horse is currently still up on the cart, but is about 30 feet from you. You know what? Let's go ahead and make an animal handling check on that. 11 will do. It wasn't a hard DC, but it was more knowing where to hit it to where it would cause it to bolt versus just get angry. So going for-- not to actually hurt the creature but just enough to spook it, you hit it in the right place towards the back of its hindquarters to cause it to suddenly rear up (neighs) (cart clattering noise) and go into a sprint. The cart begins to bounce and smash onto the ground. You can see the wheels clattering into the rocks and the stone between the bits of-- Make another stealth check, please. Okay. You dart around the north side of these tents and you're pretty sure you weren't seen. As the cart begins to bolt off behind this horse, you see all the crownsguard turn. The one that was currently staring at the devil toad glances off to the side. As he glances off, the devil toad takes Toya and just pulls her to him protectively and the guard puts his sword away. "Check!" Points to them and then bolts off to go after the horse. The other three stay, watching over the group. I mean, they're scattered a bit but there's-- Oh yeah. Make another stealth check. You're running through open areas each time you're doing this. As you come up around the back of the devil toad, the guard that runs past doesn't immediately notice you because he's focused on where this cart is running off and you can see another guard that was far away from this encampment that's circling back with him. The two of them are now bolting in the direction as the cart begins to slow. It's not just going forward forever but it spooked him and it's starting to slow down. They're just going to inspect it. However, as you slink up behind, the devil toad's head curls back towards you and you hear this deep, guttural (growls). At which point a voice says, "Excuse me?!" And you can see the three guards are there staring at you. I did say there were three guards. The three guards watching them. One of them left. It's a bad stealth check, I'm sorry. But there's now three crownsguard right there and they're like, "Can I help you?" The guard that's closest to you glances to the other guys and goes, "She was with the group, "right?" They recognize you, and they look at each other. "You're going to the stockade, my dear." The three guards slowly approach and they begin to take out chains and manacle you up. I know. So you're shackled and begin to be dragged toward the stockade. It's the two guards now. As you're being brought back, you can see more guards are coming from the city to the carnival. They're keeping it under surveillance. They're taking you to the city, yeah. They're leaving them behind currently with the guards that are there. They're not arresting anybody from the carnival, but they're not letting them leave. But they're keeping them there. You are. Okay. Go ahead and-- First, go ahead and make an athletics check. MARISHA and As you go back to elbow, you get halfway there before your chains go taut. They're both holding the chain at each side, and you see the tension of it; you can't even get him from behind. You imagine in your head; you go over it two or three times. As you go through the first step-- (grunt) doesn't go anywhere. No. I'm sorry. No. Honestly, the devil toad and her seem pretty close. He is grabbing her in a protective manner. Two bad rolls in a row. I know. Level two. You will shortly. Ahead of her, along the way, Gustav is just quiet. Bo the Breaker, Bosun, as you know him by his full name, is grumbling under his breath and is trying to out-loud piece together thoughts on what may have what transpired, saying things like, "I don't know, you "think it's done on the inside? Or is this somebody trying to sabotage it?" It is quite possible. One of the guards tugs on both of your chains and says, "Quiet now! Save it for the "lawmaster." They bring you in-- you go in through the Lochward into the Hillsward, which is the southern portion of Trostenwald. You are brought to the outside of the stockade, which is a large single-story, tall, rectangular building of large stones and masonry. It's built for function. It's not a very beautiful building, but it's defensible and it seems fairly well-made. However, there are the banners of the crownsguard marking the double-door entrance. As you're brought within, you can already see there are two central chairs where two current watch sit, just watching the front door. Beyond the right, you see, is an office that you guys are dragged to-- and the rest of you eventually catch up to the group. You are all brought inside this darkened office. Inside, relatively simple. This isn't a library-type study office. This is very much for function. There's a couple of small crates that contain materials that are too far in shadow to see the details of it. Look to be pieces of paper, probably gathered evidence or weapons that have been reclaimed. There is a stone desk on the far end, and there, within this office, already accompanied by a messenger dressed for immediate travel, is a tough-looking dwarven woman in her middle years rapidly scrawling on parchment. Her black hair is streaked with silver, tumbling past her red and gray leather armor. She finishes writing on this parchment, rolls it up, and hands it to the messenger who immediately darts out of the room without a word past you guys, giving you a brief look as he continues on whatever his business is. As soon as your eyes pass off the messenger, you hear a loud slam, and you glance back. She's put her hands on the table. She glances up, "All "right, what riff-raff have you brought in to me this day?" The watchmaster takes the chains of the three of you and pulls you to the front of the group and says, "Sorry to be a bother, but we have "three individuals arrested in connection with, as you have heard so far, the deaths at the carnival "performance this evening." She rolls her eyes. "All right, bring them forward." They go ahead and pull the chains up. The watchmaster bows his head and then leaves the room. She steps forward and goes, "I am Norda. It is my job to keep this city safe and keep shite like what happened tonight "from happening. I approved your second time on the outskirts of our town and you have killed two of "my people. What have you to say about yourselves?" She glances over at you. Glances over at Gustav, "I have been told by my guard that you "gave performance, and as part of this performance you released two beasts into the midst of the "population." Gustav interrupts you and says, "I'm so sorry, my liege. Please, I take full "responsibility for what happened this evening on myself. These people around me had nothing to do "with this. They are not part of the carnival, they were just merely helping. It is my carnival, and "whatever judgement there lies, I take upon myself and my head." At which point Bo the half-orc steps forward, against his chains and goes, "Gustav, what are you doing?" He's like, "Shut. Up. Please, whatever judgement there is, put it upon me," and he bows his head low. "Is that the case? Is he the "only one?" She takes a good, hard look at you and Bo the Breaker. Make a persuasion check. She gives you a look. Looks over at Bo the Breaker. Shakes her head. "Keep these two downstairs. This one let go. He seems to be free. We'll be talking to you very soon." At which point, the crownsguard drag the chains back and Gustav gives you a quick look under his eye and goes-- as they're pulled out of the room, out of sight. She glances to you, "Well, you're out of chains! That's great. Doesn't mean you're absolved of the investigation. So, where are you staying? You and your compatriots?" "Well, technically, as far as I'm concerned, you're all together as part of this investigation." "So we're going to have our investigators come to wherever you're staying, which--," and she looks down at some papers here, "-- looks to be the Nestled Nook?" "All right. Don't leave the city. We'll be in touch." "Do you have something to say?" "Good. Dismissed!" She claps the edge of the table. The remaining crownsguard, who's left there to keep watch, escorts you out off the stockade, escorts you onto the street. Sorry. Yeah, but you'd have to stay within 100 feet to maintain that. You did hear all that. Okay, and I'd say, as they're making their way out, you can probably duck around without them seeing you as they left. Yeah, you can do that. So, you guys are jettisoned into the street. It's now probably just past midnight. You hear the footfalls of guards approach and the rattle of chains as you see Beauregard-- As opposed the rest of you who are gingerly brought up, you see Beauregard being pulled forward but now the chains around her are being pulled taught on two sides. She's being brought forward like a wild animal almost. Which is the last thing you see as she is yanked into the stockade and out of sight. You walk in behind her. You watch her being pulled to the stairs. She's bypassing the office of the Lawmaster right now and is being brought to incarceration before being questioned. They bring her to the stairs and a torch-lit, subterranean basement area. As you begin to approach and follow behind, you can see one of the guards who is currently on watch. He sees you guys just exit and then walk back in, following another prisoner. And stands up and goes, "I'm sorry, where are you going?" "Well, see her into her cell and please exit the vicinity." "Appreciate that." He follows behind you guys. They're on high alert and they're a bit scattered. You get the sense right now that they have a lot of their initial stock of guards off-site right now. So they're doing the best they can to hold on to what they currently have in the stockade. You guys follow down to the basement portion of this. Which there's a heavy locked door immediately that is opened from the opposite side. You hear a couple of keys turn and the shifting of wood against metal before the door opens and reveals the rest of a long hallway that is flanked by two rows of cells. Iron bars about maybe two inches apart going across the entirety of this long hallway. You can't quite see the end of it until you step down to where the door frame is. And there is probably a total of ten cells to each side. As you walk through, you can see in the off shadows in the corners a few huddled bodies hunched or asleep. Keeping to the shadows and out of the light. The smell of mildewed wet compost and piss hits your nose like a wall. You get about five cells in where you can see the guard that was previously in there just finish off closing the cell that contains both Gustav and Bo the Breaker. They move to the cell just beyond that, open that cell, and then go ahead and put Beauregard into that one. As he closes and locks it, "Because she decided not to come helpfully." The three guards walk away, not caring. Who were there previously and-- At this point, a man who is on the far end of the hall walks up. And you can see him, he's a man with a heavy, bushy beard that obscures a lot of a dark leather mantle, over a general cloth tunic. He has burly arms, heavy torso, super scrawny legs, a widow's peak, and he looks to be the jailer. He walks up and puts his hand on the bars and goes, "Oh well, if you want to be "patient, I'm sure the Lawmaster will be here sometime in the morning and you can discuss "whatever this business is. But if you want to say goodbye, now's the time." That's sixteen kittens. Kittens have half of a hit point, I don't think kittens have more than that. Make a persuasion check. He gives you a look and says, "All right, but if she gets angry, it's not on me." He gives a whistle. Another crownsguard comes up and approaches him and he goes, "I'm "sorry. Could you go and fetch the Lawmaster? They are requesting an audience. If she gets angry, "just add it to this one's sentence." The guard exits and a brief time by, you can hear the slight muddled cursing of a dwarven female descending the stairs. You can see she has an overcoat on, was halfway out of the stockades finishing up her evening in her office. So, as the Lawmaster approaches, now pulling the coat over herself, she goes, "Okay, so you've "returned, apparently, needing to poke into what business now before I go off and get some food?" "I hate being troubled twice in the same evening." Okay. I would like a deception check. Modified by their answers. She gives a narrow look through her eyes, looks to one of the other guards that you can see standing in the back, a familiar one to you, Beau, and goes, "Is this true?" He goes, "It appeared to "us that she was attempting to escape upon us trying to bring calm to a very tense situation, "but I'll leave it in your realm, Lawmaster." She looks back. "So your sister, apparently, is part "of this scenario as well?" "Okay. Well, your sister's under investigation." At which she looks to you now and goes, "Are you saying you might have been infected by this "beast?" "Theeds!" And she looks over to the jailer, who goes, "Aye?" And she goes, "Could you have a "look at this wound for me real fast? I want to make sure this isn't something that's going to "spread." The jailer, Theeds, takes a quick look at the wound and he goes, "No, it appears to mainly "be just bludgeoning. I mean, we'll keep a close eye on her." You can see now the Lawmaster is rubbing her eyes in frustration and goes, "I just want to sleep." "Fine. We'll have guards posted at the outside of the inn. You're not to leave until this "investigation is complete. It may take days. Until we find out who's responsible for these deaths and "bring them to justice, you are not to leave the tavern." "Not until this is done." "Because otherwise, you're welcome to stay here, instead." "Get them the fuck out." She turns around and sighs heavily as she stomps out of the chamber. The jailer opens the cell door and allows Beauregard back out, and he looks a bit confused but amused at the same time. The guards that had originally arrested you escort you out, not leaving any element of their sight off of you. They escort you guys to the actual inn itself, to the bottom floor of the Nestled Nook Inn, watch you enter, and then post up right outside the main entrance to the tavern. Are you guys up in your room, or are you in the tavern? You've come through once, but that was a while back and you weren't really paying attention. You spot around the interior of the tavern. They don't appear to be nearby. Okay. Yorda? "Oh, hi! Everything all right? You had a few bruiser types leading you in here, some of the "crownsguard, huh?" "I heard about that. I didn't go in there, but people are coming in here saying--" "I heard that! That's incredible!" "Yeah, they came in not but a few minutes before you did. They went upstairs." Meanwhile, the two of you are upstairs in your own chambers. You guys head down. You get to the bottom of the stairs just in time to see Jester, Beauregard, Molly, and Fjord looking across the tavern, making their way in your direction, and you guys notice them meeting you in the tavern room, as well. Sure. SAM and You look over and see a woman with darker hair, the general barmaid. "Adelaine." "Go with the von Brandt." "We can get you some liquor, aye." "All right." She walks away. They are keeping a tally of the table. Make an investigation check. 16? Everything seems to be in order for you. Everything seems to be in order. What's on your waist? All right, make a sleight of hand check. You close your eyes and feel a tug and a shake-- What's your passive perception? So, yeah, you totally feel-- Do you give him the gold? Perception check. You watch that copper piece become silver, magically. Being about one o'clock in the morning at this time, and the energy in the tavern has come to a quiet crawl, those who are keeping their cups are either snoring or in the process of preparing to go to sleep, you watch as Adelaine, the barmaid is walking around cleaning up tables and suddenly all the windows in the room slam open with a heavy impact and there's a burst of wind that comes through. The two crownsguard that were outside flanking the opening doorway suddenly rush and look in and look about at the lot of you. They both just slowly curl back to their perimeter. There's some claps in the back rooms. You see one of the drunken gentlemen has come to semi-consciousness and goes, "That's impressive!" (hic) Then passes back out on the table. You concentrate for a moment. Make a medicine check. 17. You focus on the bruised area, exposed out of her monk robes. You watch as the slight bruising suddenly turns like a sickly green. In a very unhealthy way. Right now, she's inspecting it. You take a fork off the table and poke. She pushes it in and the bruise hurts a bit. You watch as this sickly pus liquid begins to pour out, with a thick viscosity and a lot of it. You all of the sudden feel like you've punctured a balloon that's beginning to erupt and you feel awful. Then you blink a few times and it's just a bruise. You hear this distant (cackling). No, you weren't part of that formal instruction. The rest of you were told not to leave the tavern until further notice. All righty. Fairly decent sketches, actually. You eventually find yourself to sleep. The rest of you, go to your respective rooms and find yourselves falling into a night's rest. As evening comes to a close and the morning brings you to consciousness, you are rested. You are healed up, your spells are restored. Coming to consciousness in your respective rooms, cold morning air. It's a bit frosty. The windows to each of your rooms have a bit of that curled bit of frost on the outskirts of the glass. It's probably 800 or 900 in the morning at this point in time and the day is yours. What do you wish to do? As a note, too, for all the drinks you guys drank last night, that probably put you back about one and a half gold. Yes, you may. This would be deception. All right. Sure. Okay, the two of you come to consciousness. What are you up to? You've already gone down there? Okay. As you guys wander down you find Caleb and Nott already at a table and Mollymauk returning from the bar after delivering that note. It means he can use to try and disguise himself. Hide features. Yeah, upstairs at the very end of the hall is the communal washroom. Sure, what form so you want to take? Okay, easily enough. Basic browns and tans and general farm worker's tunic and supplies. Yeah, easy enough. All right. Go ahead and make a dexterity check. If you want to. So take it with advantage. 15, okay. You actually manage to sell a decent disguise. At a distance, at like three or four feet would be passable and walking quickly by. Upon close inspection, you could see through it. More or less. A medieval version of that. But impressive. Using the kit and using whatever scraps of clothing you can find and amass you manage to get a relatively top-knot Silverlake hobo version of Beau functionally ready to go. Okay. Just double-checking here, Disguise Self lasts for, is it an hour? Yeah, I thought it was an hour. So while they're doing that, are you using your disguise kit on yourself? Yeah, with a cloak and hood and make-up, you can probably pass for human as long as you keep the hood up, and keep most of your more ostentatious garb hidden. Go ahead and make a dexterity check for your disguise kit. All right. Between making your skin tone more of a natural tan, peach humanoid color, bring the hood up. You actually pull some of your hair forward and adhere it a bit around the horns so that it looks almost like a cluster of hair in the front. You manage to tuck in and tie your robe behind you, your usual clothing, and then using an over-robe to hide most of the material, and you look like a dude passing through. So with that your disguises are complete, your spells are cast. Okay. As you exit, there are two gentlemen in full crownsguard gear. One is standing outside, the other is currently sitting in a chair, and as soon as you walk past, they both scan you up and down, continue to watch you pass by. Just the two that you can see at the front, yes. Okay, in what order are you leaving? I imagine you guys have been using your disguise kits in your own rooms and chambers. Other than that, no one immediately seems to be noticing. Make a perception check. You do see Yorda, the barkeep, in the process of wiping out some glasses at the end, she's occasionally giving a glance over to you guys as you're walking around. I'll say for the purpose of this, each of you make a performance check. Okay. The both of you exit out, holding your breath. Out of your peripheral you can see the deep reds and golds of the crownsguard armor flanking you as you breach the outer porch of the tavern, stepping down into the dust to the main street. You curve to the left and see nor hear any reaction from either of them. It may not have been the snitch after all, you asshole. Apparently. All right, you saunter by without an issue. By saunter, I mean you stumble through. You hear a cough at one point, and it causes you a moment, but you just continue on without notice. You guys don't have to make a performance check because you've exited before, and you're completely visually a different individual, so you guys pass through without an issue. Caleb, you can follow up behind, as you are not currently under direct guard in the tavern. They do notice you exit, and they're aware of your presence, but you are not confined to the tavern. So you guys all manage to slowly come together a few blocks down and out of the sight of the crownsguard guarding the Nestled Nook Inn, and where are you off to? They don't have a large bazaar, but there is an area that is generally where a lot of the simple wares and vegetables and meats and people who sell small things that they craft their own at, it's a small market. If you want to make an investigation check. Okay, by going around asking questions and inquiring and trying to prod people to talk about what transpired the night before, the information you gather involves the man who passed away. His name is Enon Brinjay. Brinjay. He's a standard human being in his early 80s. He's old, but healthy, it seemed. Seemed to be in good health for his age. Apparently. He seemed to have been retired for quite some time, but had been making little bits here and there, helping the fishermen move fish to and from the outside of the lake. He wasn't really well known. The reason people are talking about him now is because the word is gotten around and gossiped about, but for the most part, he was one of the many faceless people that live in the town. A handful knew his name. Actually, he was known often to be drinking at The Old Mud Hole Tavern. No, just "old." I know. You don't find any of that information. That would be an intense investigation. You would have to go beyond asking questions around a market. It's technically considered part of the city. It might not be an issue. The Mud Hole Tavern, you've been to before. Yeah, when you first entered the city, so you can-- The Lochward is where the Old Mud Hole would be at. The Lochward is to the eastern side of the entire city. The Lochward is the central one. So you make your way to the Old Mud Hole. Entering inside, this is a dark dive of a bar, you've been there once before. It smells heavily of old, wet wood, ale stains, and peanut. It's a very small area and of the four tables that are there, they are mostly empty, except for one old man who is sitting there in the process of playing a game of solitaire with his cards and a man in his 30s thumbing through a book, who would be the barkeep if there were more patrons at the moment. He's flipping through and glances up and gives you a look as you enter. "Can I help you? Are you "looking for drinks? Can I get you anything?" "We have liquor." "I will get some whiskey for you then. Whiskey, everyone?" Make a deception check. He goes and lines up a few small containers, fills whiskey for all of you. "All right, that "will be eight silver for the batch." He takes the silver and puts it away, slides the drinks to the rest of you and goes back to his book and starts thumbing through again. He looks up and goes, "Enon, it's sad to see him go and many of us were wondering what day it "was going to be." "He came in here most every day to drink. He's a lonely man." "Doesn't bother me one way or the other. Just sad to lose a patron." "I don't recall. Sometimes he would tell stories to whoever was willing to listen and not "most were willing to listen." "Yesterday?" "I think he came in briefly for a drink before the carnival, but that was it." "It's this very whiskey you just had." "I don't believe he was ill. I hope not. He seemed to be rather wasting away. You shouldn't be doing so much manual labor at that age." "He carries stuff around from small tasks to-- "The docks, up at the North Ward. He carried crates, boxes. Just odd jobs, ways to get by 'til "the end of his days, which now that they've come, may he rest and not have to do odd jobs ever "again." He pours his own bit of whiskey. "To be honest, if he did, I wasn't paying attention." "There's nobody nearby. He had a son about 35 years ago, but he got married and went up "north." "I don't know. Maybe." He points over to the not the table the guy is playing solitaire on, but the empty table to the right of him. "Usually right there in the corner." Okay, make an investigation check. 12. It looks like probably old person touching has been all over here. Yes. The table is very old and warped in places, stains all over it. It's not a very good table. It's seen some rough days. "I apologize. I served him drinks and pretended to listen to him many times, but I "wasn't really paying attention." "Maybe. I apologize. I spend most of my days reading." He lifts the book. At a glance at it, it's in Zemnian, which you can read. The translation would come about to The Rosed Embrace. Probably. "It's not trashy. It's very tasteful." "Have you?" "I didn't realize there was another Samuel fan in here. Which is your favorite?" "I haven't read that one." "What is it again?" He goes over and grabs a piece of chalk in the back and starts, "It was--?" "Mein Gott, I did not know about this. I may have to send out Zadash and see if we can find "some of those books. Thank you." "Just recently Samuel. I read on occasion. It depends on what you can find." "The parchment place is good for trash. If you're looking for unique stuff, there's a few "places you can go." "Here in town, yeah. If you're having a hard time finding a specific book, I would recommend "going to Burnished Bibelots." "That is in the North Ward, just on the outskirts of the main market street. It's a bit of "a cluttered mess, but Oglen would be happy to help you. "Oglen." "Not to worry." "I imagine so. It can't be that bad." "Of course. I have a contact in Rexxentrum. If I cannot find it in Zadash, I will get it from Rexxentrum." "What's your name?" "Caleb. Pleasure to meet you. I am Vosna." "Of course. If anybody else is a reader as well, come by and talk sometime." "Pictures are up in here." Okay. Correct. "Are you a devil?" "I don't play with devils." "Enon wanted to go to that bloody circus." "I told him not to go. Stupid, it is for the common folk and the young. He's always had his "head in the clouds." "Other people are stupid." "He's lonely. Don't trust the carnival. Nothing but spooks and magicians and things that "want to take your life and take your money, take your family, whisk you away. Fuck the circus." "Says the devil." He takes the drink, sips it. "Don't come 'round here no more." You guys are technically in the Lochward. It's a quick jaunt over to the edge of the Ustaloch. It's the giant lake that the docks are up against. The city is built against this giant, kidney bean-shaped lake. Do you speak Zemnian? Do you know? I just wanted to fuck with you. Essentially, it just means "an east lake." LIAM and Not too complicated. As you guys make your way towards the Ustaloch and the Dockward there, we'll go and take a break. We'll be back in a few minutes. We'll continue to unveil this mystery. Indeed. I suppose. Little low level mystery here. We'll see where this goes. All right guys, back here in a few minutes. We're going to take a quick restroom break, pick it up from here. We have video at the break for this week's contest, so if you're watching on Twitch, feel free to go ahead and pay attention to get the password and enter this contest, and we'll have the victor at the end of the break. We'll be back here in a few minutes, and we'll see you then. [break] Yeah we did! Most of them. As you guys make your way across the streets of the Lochward, you find yourself to the docks, which are about five or six main dock structures that protrude anywhere from ten to 30 or so feet into the loch itself. There are no major ships. The biggest river that exits the loch heads towards the mountains, so there is no direct path to the inlet. All the boats in here are small fishermen's boats; they're designed specifically for the lake, for freshwater fishing and whatever needs to be transferred from bank to bank. As you approach, you can see a good amount of the boats are still out on the water. You can look out and see the outline of them against the horizon. You see a couple of small landmasses in the center of the loch, that are barely out of view. You approach, and the first couple of fishermen that walk past you both look to be hardened in their years. Their skin is very battered by the sun, it's wrinkled and dark from constant beating of the sky upon them. They glance over at this unique-looking troupe as they approach. They stop and don't say anything, they just look at you like "What are you doing here?" You have it for maybe ten more minutes. Crownsguard? Make a perception check. Glancing about, you don't see any crownsguard in the immediate vicinity of the Lochward. You've seen them, they patrol the town and walk through, ward to ward, but you don't see any at the moment, no. You remember where he lives, mostly, because you were there. You guys make your way along the edge of the loch to the outside of the fisherman's house. The house is currently being repaired. You can see in the main doorway, the door is off the hinges, and there's a large pile of ruined furniture and cabinets that have been shifted out of the building. You can also see a long serpentine body that is currently being skinned by a younger man, probably 14 or 15. He's in the process of carving the skin off of it. This thing is about 20 to 25 feet long. As you approach, the young man with this large, sharpened knife-- it looks like it may have been a heavy butchering knife that he's using to fillet and pull the skin off the snake. Looks back at you guys and doesn't know what's going on. You hear a voice go, "Hey!" You look up and you see the fisherman that you saw before, the one who came to you guys in the tavern. He's up on top of the roof, and he's currently boarding some portions of it. It looks like a part of the roof had been damaged in the fray. He goes, "Hold on," gets up, and comes down the ladder on the side and approaches. You can see he's sweating. "I'm so sorry, I didn't know you were coming. What can I "do for you?" No, actually. This is an interesting point. That's right, no, thank you for reminding me. He comes out and he goes, "How can I help "you?" (laughter) He goes,"Ah!" I'm very confused. "Rinaldo." "No, we've been doing repairs on the house and getting everything underway. This is the first "thing that's come on this side. Most of them live toward the center of the lake and stay underwater. "It's been two in the last few months that have come up. It's a bit of a nuisance." "Zombies? What are you talking about?" "Enon?" "Yeah, I worked with him a couple times. He comes through, looking for work, asking to see what's available." "No. That's the big blue tent, right?" "No, what's going on?" "I'm sorry to hear that. That's terrible. Wow, that's really terrible. I'm sorry." "I haven't seen him at the docks in a while. Not for a week, at least." TRAVIS and "Other than a giant fucking snake ruining my house, but not that comes to mind, no. Circus "coming into town, that's a little weird." "I'm not going to let it go to waste. That's some good meat. Some good skin." "Because there's a circus in town." "Yeah. We don't get many shows and traveling folk. Last time this was here, a year ago, it came "and went in a week." "No. I didn't keep up with him. He came through every now and then. I had a little cash "and needed some help hauling things around. I asked for his assistance. He was an old fella, and "it was less that he was helpful and more that we wanted to help when we could." "Your guess is as good as mine. To be fair, although we're a community, we're also relatively "competitive. You understand." "I don't think so. He's an old man. I haven't seen or heard anyone-- his disposition "seemed positive enough, if a little sad and lonely." "Of course. Let me finish up here with the roof and I'll ask around, see if anything comes up." "It just wasn't expected." "No, she's doing great. She's been a little spooked, but she slept well last night. She's "doing fine. Thank you again for what you guys did for me." "I will. You were so kind to help me when I saw a snake, I figure if I see a zombie, you'd "also be helpful." You can inspect it if you want. Make a nature check. Nine? You don't know much about snake biology. It's hard to tell if it's out of the ordinary. It's just a big snake. What are you guys doing? Where are you going? "Yeah?" "I can't say I do. I'm sorry. My apologies. Wish I could be of more help." "I didn't even know he had a son." He climbs back up the ladder to the roof. He has this puffy red 'fro going on. He looks pale, fresh to this, scrawny. He's stopped drawing his blade across the snake. "Yeah?" "No, I live about three houses up." "Last night? Yeah, I was there." "I actually snuck in under the tent after it had started." "I saw him a little bit. He was in the front and I had people in front of me, but I think I saw "some of it. It was pretty cool." "My grandma told me a ghost story years ago about these giant badger creatures that live on "the hills of the Ashkeeper that can stand up on their hind legs, and they come down and they eat "kids that don't go to bed in time." "No, not since that." "I have to finish the--" "Okay." Yeah, you guys were at the docks. Yeah, it's about to fade. Probably. It's a two-story. You guys are up in the second story. All right, so you guys are setting up a rope to climb up the back? You go in, on your own, up to the top, you put a rope through-- Easy enough to do, so those of you who want to wait and can take the rope up, you wait for a moment where nobody's watching and climb your way up into the inn safely and get to your rooms. You two, what are you doing? All right. Okay, that would be probably closer to the Northward. Okay, make an investigation check. If you want to. You aiding him would give him an advantage in the roll. You take a couple hours wandering through the Northward, asking questions, and most of the information you get is, they have no idea who that is, or like, "Ah, he died? It's about time." I'd say yeah, based on that roll. I believe you are correct. Yeah, it's in the southern portion of the Northward by where it borders the Lochward. Easily enough. You eventually are led to it, and you come to a closet that's affixed to another building. The wood used are almost driftwood and heavily weathered, and the front door is closed as you approach. It looks like a glorified storage shed that has been bolted and put up against another structure. Okay. (knocks) No response. Visual glance, there look like there's that space underneath the door. Probably not enough for a cat to slip through. There are windows, but if you look at the back of the windows all you see is scraps of material, stacks of books, piles of boxes and crates, it's literally blocked out with things stacked up against it from the interior. Not busy at all, it's just the two of you, right now, standing at the front door. It's not on the main street, it's a little pushed back, recessed about ten or 15 feet from the main road so there's no one immediately around you. But there are people walking back and forth on the road behind but you're out in the open, per se. No one's come to the door yet, no. Okay. A moment passes and you hear, "Hold on!" The door opens. It was open. There's the sound of heavy sacks go tumbling down to the interior of it and you glance around and you hear a voice go, "Can I help you?" You look down, and there's this crotchety-looking scrawny old gnome who's sitting there in the doorway. He's got this vibrant puff, like a cotton ball, of hair around his head. But it's this perfect "U" of bald on top. No glasses, eyes are very small and beady, and he has this bulbous, round nose at the front with this little bit of a tuft of chin white hair that matches the cotton ball tuft on the sides. He's sitting there clutching the top of the knob on the inside which is actually affixed shorter on the door and he goes, "Well come in." "Always open, come on in." Turns around and musters his way inside. As soon as you step in the door and look around, this place looks like an episode of Hoarders. It is just floor-to-ceiling, wall-to-wall, stacks of anything and everything knick-knacks, small stuffed animals, toys, books, glasses, and goblets. It is the biggest, crammed flea-market into a small shed-like space you've seen. (meowing) "Well we've got books here." "Oglen. Oglen Hornsblower." "And welcome to my collection. You want to buy something, let me know." "Right. Boughten, traded for, found." "I'm sure we've got a few. Look around! See what you find. It's half the fun, half the "journey." Make an investigation check. 21? All right. All right. In thumbing through, there are plenty of books that, within a first glance, "This is not of interest to me." You have to move things out of the way and push things aside. The smell in there is dusty and moldy and you do find there is some subtle water damage and some mildew growing in one far corner and you're like ugh, put that back. However, you rolled really high. Two things catch your eye. One, there appears to be the remnants of some sort of notebook, a sketchbook that is written in a language you do not understand-- What languages do you know? It does take ten minutes. But you glance through the book, and while you cannot read the text you do recognize that there are elements at the back of the book that have a hint of arcane nature. That's one of two books you find with that roll. I know. The second book you find is written in Zemnian, which you can read. The title translates to Fiends of Folklore. "I know I do!" "Good choices, good choices." "That's too bad." He's pulling the books away from you. (sniffs) He holds of the Fiends of Folklore book, "Three gold pieces. This one, (sniffs)-- "ten gold pieces." The Fiends of Folklore is the three, the other tome. You're not quite sure what's in it. "I'm sorry?" (yelps) He like throws the books and grabs nearby this large sack and starts-- angrily beating the cat. He does hit Frumpkin. Frumpkin takes one point of bludgeoning damage. Yes. There you go. Frumpkin immediately darts off jumps on your shoulder, turns around and (hisses). "Sorry, it caught me off-guard." "Okay." "Can you make him go away?" "Thank you. Now we can continue to talk money." "Of course. Sorry about your cat, friend." You've been hearing all of it, but you've also found, amongst the chaos, a brass baby bottle that's fairly dented, but it's very shiny and polished, you can already see on the inside. You find a new flask, actually. It's very tarnished, but you spit and rub it a little bit. It looks to be of very fine metallic material. You're not entirely sure, you'd have to clean it, but it looks like very nice quality material. Make a sleight of hand check. Now, your flask, which still has liquor in it, is left behind for the empty flask you receive. However, without an instance of anyone even paying attention. It is yours. You can write in your inventory you are now the owner of a platinum flask. Baby bottle. Looks like it was used as a bottle for a very upper-class family. Make another sleight of hand check, please. It just vanishes into your cloak! It's the craziest thing! It was there and it's gone! "I'll hold these books for you! Come back when you can!" "All right. Have a good day, little girl!" You guys exit the building. You glance throughout the interior, and you don't sense anything magical, unfortunately, within the piles of rubble. The book's not radiating any magical aura. But he answers. "Oh! All hours! I don't really "close. I don't really sleep." "Sure!" "No worries. See you then!" "Pee shmiter!" No, he does not. While they're away, you guys wait there for a bit, getting stir crazy in the process of waiting in your room. Jester and Beauregard, there's a knock at your door. "Please open, it's Crownsguard." The door opens, and there are two crownsguards there, standing, shields to the side. "We're here to notify you that the investigation is ongoing. You will not be needed "today. Please remain in your premises. Be back tomorrow." Yes you are. "Yes, what is your question?" "Possibly." They look at each other, look back at you. "I am Jonas." The other guy pipes up, he's a little younger, he goes, "I am Lucas." "Very well! Have a good day." They look at each other like, "What?" and close the door. Onto Fjord's door. Same two guards there. Lucas and Jonas. Jonas and Lucas. "Hello. The investigation is "ongoing. You'll not be needed for today. We will return tomorrow." There's a pause and then you here the subtle shifting of greaves against the wooden floor as they slowly walk away. You guys return to the inn. Yes you do. (quick footsteps) At one point, Adelaine the barmaid comes up. "I'm sorry, can you please stop?" "Thank you!" Yes? Not that you noticed, unfortunately. Hemp rope can be pretty heavy. This is true. It was one block north of the Natural Remedies. Yeah, Jackalwere Smiths. There is no window in the hall, only in the rooms. You have three rooms between you. Correct. Not medical tape, but there are clean strips of cloth and some adhesive bandages, basic general-- You can pull one bandage out and affix to one of the chair legs nearby. You could do that. Okay, so you toss the room a bit, muddle up the space, and you guys, one by one, climb out the back of the window, down the rope, and into the alley behind the inn. Looking about, you're waiting until about post-midnight, you said? Okay, so it's dark. The various lanterns that dangle on the hook poles at different intersections of the street are lit. Other than that, you have a faint bit of moonlight that's coming through the sky. There are some clouds, but they're a bit broken up, so every now and then the moon cover can vanish and then return, but for now you have moonlight in the city. Where are you guys going? A little ways north of Natural Remedies? Okay. I would like everybody to make a stealth check, please. You guys, following Nott, dodge between alleys, there are a few patrols of the crownsguard that you see passing by, and you wait for them to just cross paths, and then move on. Eventually finding your way to Natural Remedies, seemingly unseen. It's quiet, you can hear the sound of crickets in the distance. The cold night air is causing your breath to show every time you exhale, you all bundle your cloaks as you move on. The moonlight fades a bit, things get darker, but you follow Nott's lead, travel from place to place. You finally get to the outskirts of Natural Remedies, and to the northern alleyway where you'd originally seen those figures pass. You're there. As you guys fan out a little bit, everyone make a perception check. Okay, so all of you, except for Jester, manage to get a clear view of your vicinity. Jester, you somehow get an eyelash caught in your eye and spend the next hour trying to get it out, but it's in the eyelid. Occasionally, you can hear the crownsguard approaching, and they carry their torches with them. You can see the light crawling forward, so you all duck out of the way and let them pass. About an hour passes. Two hours pass. Around the third hour, you get the sensation that whatever you saw the other night is not arriving on a clockwork time or not arriving at all. It's about three in the morning, in the center of the city by yourself. What do you wish to do? Yeah. Okay. Make an intelligence check. Pouring over the details of what has transpired and what you guys have done so far to find information, there are still things to inquire about. There are still things to wonder and discover and there are a few places you haven't been to. A few places you haven't returned to. A few people you haven't even inquired about closer to the investigation. From the inn? About a 15 minute jog. Make a performance check. It takes a little convincing to have them see the poop in the drawing. You can see it, but you've seen better. It helps, but-- Who's going where? What are you guys doing? All right, I would like for all of you to roll a stealth check. Okay, you guys make your way through most of the Docksward on your way to the large blue tent that still stands ominously in the distance. Thankfully, the moon has come out and cast this rimlight against the structure, so it's easy to see. As you guys are making your way outside of the Lochward, you immediately see the approaching torchlight of crownsguard. One of them you just faintly hear 40 or 50 feet ahead of you, "Who goes there?" It's two guards, side by side. These watches, they patrol in pairs. You guys are keeping off to the side. You're all on the outskirts of the lake and almost made your way out of the city towards where the-- You do as well? All right. So you both become crownsguard. You've all of a sudden are adorned in the goldish brass and red armor. There are some small alcoves, but you guys are out in the open, now. They've seen you. You don't know. They've seen you. They've called to you, and then both of you guys disguised yourselves. What are you doing? Jester walks up and wades in about six inches of water and just-- gives her best duck impression. Make a deception check. Yes. Sure, make a deception check. Okay so as soon as these two crownsguard see this, they go "Shit!" They pull their blades and they start charging you, Nott, to try and protect their other crownsguard-- All right, as you rush up in a jog, blades drawn, one of them is going to go ahead and attempt to strike. That is going to be a 14 to hit. So you manage to (squeaks) and narrowly dodge the blade as it strikes through the back of your cloak and pins it to the side of a wooden pole that is on the outside of an overhang where some of the fish are being left out to dry and turn into fish jerky. It holds you in place as you're snarling and looking scared. The other one pulls out his blade and says "Where did this thing "come from!?" All right, you take one point of bludgeoning damage, Nott, and blood just (flowing noise) from the nose. I need you to make a deception check on that one. You see a look of disappointment come across the two crownsguards' faces in their inability to help you skewer this small, feral creature. They both put their blades away. "All right if you see "anything else, give a shout. (spits)" They both continue their walk past the rest of you. They look over at the tiefling-- partially crouched in the water. "Hey! Not in the Ustaloch!" (laughter) Your legs are soaked from thigh to foot, and they both eye you warily and slowly walk past. Eventually, they pass beyond a point where you feel absolute dread of their presence. All right, you guys are make the rest of the path to the outskirts of the circus. You see at the very front flap of it you see a crownsguard who's like (yawn) sitting there, his arms crossed to the front keeping an eye out, he is doing late-shift. You do see the faint distant flickering glow of firelight from the back side of the circus. Yeah, you saw it earlier, you saw the campfire. Yes. All right, so what are the groups here? Molly, who are you going with? All right, so the three of you are going forward. What are you doing? I guess I should ask. "Eh, nothing yet. Mostly I hate this. Ugh, I just wish this whole fucking circus would just go. "I need to sleep. Regular hours." "Until they finish this fucking investigation. They keep bugging people for "information, but they're all just clammed up and not saying shit." "It's bullshit. I wish they would just go ahead and execute them. That carnival master or whatever and get it over with." "They investigated the corpses and found nothing yet. Still in there if you want to take a look at it." "I mean I suppose so." Make a deception check. Okay. He thinks a second on it. "Oh I suppose so. Go on in." "Please, get it over with." He stops you. "If there's any way to expedite this, if you can "pin it on any of them, we can just kill them and take care of it. Let me know." You guys look inside, the tent is dark. There's no light inside. All right, so you have this self-made hooded lantern with the hood you have over it. Okay. And Nott, you're going with them? You make your way inside, the smell is pretty bad. You can smell the flesh beginning to decay. With a bit of looking, the bodies are still there where they left them. They have not moved, you can see a couple of remnants of notes and sheets that have been crumpled, but the bodies have been left where they are. Go and make a religion check. Unfortunately, you don't have a lot of research on the undead, or whatever might be the essence of this creature's creation, and the more you look at it, you're like, "This is not my specialty." Make an investigation check, both of you. Glancing about, you can see the track marks of everyone fleeing. You can see the spatters of blood. You can see the place where the transformation occurred. There is a horrible shedding of certain layers of flesh. You can see previously existing layers of flesh and muscle that were shed as whatever this undead thing was fell to the ground. Once again, you make a religion check as well. Yeah. This is not your specialty. You have little experience with the undead and this type of magic. Two of them. There's the main one, the ground zero one, which is where you were putting all your attention, and then there's the woman, who was transformed as part of the first. With a squishy sound you place it within your pack. All right. The four of you, I need you to roll stealth checks, please. Without issue, you guys quickly dart around the side of the tent and make your way right towards the central area where the multitude of tents to this back encampment is placed. There is a single campfire. The embers are burning out. It has not been kept up. You do see two crownsguard who are currently keeping watch. One of them is slumped in a chair across from the fire and is nodding off. The other is doing a basic patrol and looking around. Other than that, you don't hear any sounds, you don't see anybody else. Just the two crownsguard. There are four main tents. There are two very large ones, one of which generally contains Toya and Kylre, the devil toad. That's on the south side. There's the north largest tent, this one contains the Knot sisters and Ornna. Then there's a very small tent to the south side that would be Bo the Breaker's tent, but he's not here. Then there's a medium sized tent on the north side. Who would be in that one? Desmond would be the other one. It would be Gustav staying there as well, but Gustav changes between the tent and the cart. Maybe 150-200 feet away from it. Do you want to go to the north side or the south side of the main tent? The Toya tent's on the south side, that's the opposite side, you guys would have probably come in from the north end. That would be the one that contains Ornna and the Knot sisters. Okay. There's actually no response. The other tent you get to and you make the same sound? This would be the one that Desmond usually is in, too. There's a pause, and then you hear a very faint (bird call). Okay. You glance inside and you can see, leaning up from a bedroll, Desmond who is half-awake, and glances over and sees you. He's out of outfit, out of makeup, and he gives a nod. Yeah. "They've come around asking a few questions, we're trying to figure it out ourselves. Are you "okay?" "How's Gustav? And Bosun?" "We're still trying to figure this out ourselves. Are you alone?" "Well bring them in." You guys all enter the tent and you see Desmond. Previously you saw him in this very colorful outfit with the frilled neck piece and the full facial makeup. Now you see a man in his late 30s with a very scarred left side of his face. It looks like it was shredded at one point in his youth, that the makeup hid during the performance. As soon as you enter, even upon greeting him, he has a very sad presence to him. Even though you're all under the cover of night and having this conspiratorial conversation, he has this melancholy about him that permeates the space inside the tent. He says, "So you're all the ones that helped earlier. Thank you. It would have "been far worse if you hadn't." "They're thinking something about the show. They're thinking Gustav made this happen. I don't think it's Gustav, he's a good man. He makes poor choices and it's plagued him his whole life, you can see it in his brow. But good intentions have grave consequences. No one that good comes out of Shady Creek Run without some mistakes behind them, but I don't see him doing this." "No." "Weird things? All the time. We're a bunch of weird folk, work with a lot of weird people. Bunch of strange freaks gathered to this show." "Yeah, she apparently ran off." "The sisters are bitter, but it's no fault of theirs." "Because the world is cruel." "I wish I could help them, but it--" Magical whisper. Cone of Whisper. "Have you been around? Have you travelled to see anything?" "I don't know. Ask them." "They don't seem to take much of a liking to me anyway, so I can't really tell you myself. I'm "sorry." "There's a lot of people that don't like me." He looks at you and goes, "Same reason folks probably don't like you; you're different." "Other than those two, everyone else is here. We're just keeping under watch until their "investigation is complete." Okay. So you cast it. You concentrate. You reach down and grasp the bottom of your symbol that hangs around your belt, and there's a faint rush of divine force given to your consciousness. You don't sense within 30 feet of you any fiendish, or celestial, or fey, or undead, or aberration. Nothing from this tent or within 30 feet. It's like a radial thing. There are two tents to the north. There's a bigger one, and a medium one. The one that you're in right now is the larger one to the north, and as such contains-- Actually no. The one that you guys are in right now is the medium one. The one that contains Desmond. The larger one contains both of the sisters and Ornna. Correct. The big tent is about ten to 15 feet from the one you're in right now. Okay. Is everyone else staying inside or are you going with her? He thinks for a second. "I don't want this all to fall on Gustav. He's done a lot of good for" "all of us, and the way they're talking about the investigation, they're looking to make a scapegoat" "of this." "Thank you." "Thank you." Another stealth check, my friends. With advantage? Okay. You guys make your way up to the edge of the tent. Right. As you make your way over to the edge of the tent where the sisters and Ornna are, you focus and concentrate. Nothing, from the radial thing. One of the guards, who's standing up and making a patrol, looks over right as you duck behind and you hear a "Huh?" You guys all dodge under the tent just as the guard begins to pass around. You hear the footsteps around. As you step in you watch as the two Knot sisters-- They both curl into a ball and stay really quiet. All of the sudden Ornna comes to consciousness and (light footsteps) the footsteps finish the circle and then go back towards where the fire is. Ornna leans in, goes like, "Okay, what is going on." "What do you want to know?" "I don't know. I looked and I saw what you saw." This is Ornna, yeah. She's like, "Right." "Well the sister's over here think it's a hit job, but this isn't a hit job with zombies? "Are you fucking kidding me?" "That's not surprising." They're both just quietly curled up and watching you guys talk. Not yet. If you want to ask them something you can. Make an insight check to find out. This is a bit of a leap. This goes about 25, 30 feet south of where you are around the campfire that's open. Go ahead and make your stealth checks, guys. Okay. What was your insight check? 15. They both look nervous, but just untrusting of the scenario. You can't read anything deeper than that. There is definitely a, hmm, but you can't quite get a full bead on them. You guys, as you curl around the outside, there's the one guard that's sitting in the chair by the fire that goes like (snores) and opens his eyes a little bit and looks over in your direction, Jester, and there's a brief moment where he's just looking right at you. Do you do anything? Stands up. You're around, you don't see anything. Sorry, he doesn't see you. Okay. As he stands up, he goes toward you and he goes for his blade and he has to make a saving throw. Which he does not make. I don't think so, it's like a six. So he goes like-- "Okay." Make a persuasion check. He doesn't seem to buy the dream thing, but he's like-- He doesn't go to sleep but he knows you're there and he's keeping an eye, but he's not doing anything. But he's definitely aware that you're there. Okay. Really quickly, just to check because it's-- That's right, Charm Person is not-- Okay. It's at this point that you turn your attention to the tent and focus. There is a hefty, radiating warm fiendish source from the inside of that large tent. The cat goes, (angry meow). (hiss) Turns around and sprays you and then keep walking. You guys carefully maneuver under the tent. As soon as you curl into the interior of the tent you hear a very heavy (snoring). No, it's the one on the south side of it. You see the slowly expanding and contracting form of Kylre from the back side. You see this giant, scaly, somewhat oily exterior of the body. (snoring) Make a perception check. Okay, that's better. You just stare right at the body of this toad going, "Nope." You glance and see a faint bit of a whitish material from the crook of the arm. You take a few steps forward and glance from the side and you can see asleep, cradled in his large, lizardman arms, Toya, dwarf girl is curled up and asleep peacefully. It's the large source. It could have been, yeah. The radiance is around the large creature. The breathing stops and there's this stillness in the interior of the tent. You hear this faint sound of squeaking as lubricated folds of lizardman flesh twist over each other as the devil toad's head kind of curls back to look at you quietly, the mouth slightly ajar. You can see rows of teeth and this bit of drool down the edge of the chin onto the ground. "What. you. want?" At which point the little girl (yawn) begins (grunt) (thumping) and rotates in his space. He takes up almost the entirety of this tent. And slowly rotates around inside. Surprisingly quiet for his size. And still clutching Toya, Toya sits up and is like "What's happening? (yawn)" "Hi!" She takes her braids and holds them with her hands, it's almost a safety blanket she curls into herself. She looks about 11 or 12. This close you can see she looks younger than she did from that distance. Whether it be the presence or the mature voice. But she seems pretty young. But she's not childlike. " Well?" "I don't remember, I got scared." "Thank you." She begins to chuckle. And the big toad (laughter). "I did. It was really scary! I didn't "like it at all. I didn't do that, did I?" "No. The guards are saying I probably did that, they're saying I might have done that." It's interesting, you notice now listening to her, she has this beautiful voice but her speaking voice is very crackly. It sounds almost damaged. "I sing a lot. It's what keeps me alive, it's what gets me money." "Yeah. It's the one song I know." "It felt the same." "It's an old dwarven tune. My mother taught it to me before she passed." "It's a tale of the angels and how they came from the realms beyond of the gods. They granted "each to us our sparks of life." It sounds vaguely religious, but-- "No, not beyond the ordinary. Then I saw that poor man just start tearing through people. I "got scared and Kylre helped me." She puts her arm up and pats and (grunt). "They brought me into the circus. I was up in a city north of here, far north of the Marrow "Valley and I was just on the streets singing. And this carnival came by and I met Gustav and he "invited me to join and that's how I met Kylre and I met all these wonderful people." "No." "The newest people we've had are Mollymauk and Yasha." "Comparatively. Mollymauk's been here almost two years now." "He came after I did. We both found our voice together. I was very scared and he wasn't "talking and together we helped each other learn to have fun again." "No." "I didn't see anything." At this point in time you notice (laughter) Nott going "Shoo! Cah! Go find help!" and you hear a (hiss) (grumpy meow). Yeah. Frumpkin starts heading back around towards you. Briefly, as you keep concentrating, Frumpkin finds his way under the tent and comes up to you. "I hope not. I know him and Ornna argue a lot, but--" Yeah. So while they're gone, the two of you are in the other tent with the sisters and Ornna. They're both sitting there, knees tucked to their chest. "Yeah, you're telling us." "I'm sorry, who are you?" The two halfling twins look at each other, and back at you. "Okay, well, I mean, whatever you want to know." "Molly's great, why are you such a dick?" Make a deception check on that. TRAVIS and Okay. They both, "All right, so what are you trying to do?" "All right, well, get it over with. Soon as this is done, we're out." "They're not going to kill us all!" The other goes, "They're not going to kill us all." (sighs) "Thanks." Oh, you guys are going to the main tent. Not too far away from where you were, because you're backing out the side of it. So you can go ahead and stealth around. Make a stealth check. Nice, and what did you get? The two of you, without issue, make your way around towards the large tent without being seen. Nothing. "To be honest, if it's any easier, it's probably Gustav." "It probably is, you shut up. He's a prick, he doesn't know what he's doing, he's going to run this whole carnival into the ground. I don't want to take the fall for it, we all get away on this. "Because he's in prison, he's the leader, he's fucked this whole thing by letting this happen." "Yeah. It's impressive." Ornna goes, "Yes?" (sighs) "I'd say Bosun's a stand up guy, if a bit of a self-absorbed dick at times. And we all "knew Gustav was going to shit the bed sooner or later, I mean, this is his karma. I just don't "know how, or why, but I can guarantee you, if this was my carnival, this shit wouldn't have happened. "Mm-hmm." "Well, first off, I would have made sure that we had better support from the guard before this all happened so nobody else got killed." "Secondly, I would have made sure that there weren't any old folks that made it in to fucking turn into shit." "I don't know." At which point, the flap of the tent opens up and it's Jester. The two Knot sisters immediately go, "Ornna? Is it you? Did you kill that guy?" Ornna's like, "I don't know what you're talking about. What the fuck is this? Who the fuck are you!" Go for it. Ornna goes, "To be perfectly honest, I have no idea what's going on. Y'all just came in here, started throwing accusations at me. Gustav got arrested. Bosun got arrested. Molly got arrested, I'm glad you got off that. But to be perfectly honest, this whole thing's a shit show. And the circus is probably not going to be the same after this." Insight check on Ornna. Yeah, I'm sorry. Kind of hard to read. She seems genuinely frustrated and caught off guard by this. She looks at you. "Molly." "Fuck you." "You're for real worried about this? You really think who it could be? Let's play. Gustav he's an idiot. But he's not a murderer. Bosun bit of a dick. But he's a stand up fella. Toya absolute doll. Couldn't hurt a fly. Mona and Yuli They're cunts. But they're not going to kill anyone. Desmond's a weird fellow. There's something dark in his past; you can see it in his melancholy. "There's some untrustworthy intelligence in those lizard eyes of that devil." There's this moment of silence, like, "He's supposed to be lizardfolk." You guys, what are you doing? (laughs) Nice. As the cat darts under the tent and makes its way through, you glance over to the fire and sees a large dark shape step out from one of the tents and you watch as one of the guards who's sitting in the chair stands up and crumples onto the ground without a sound. You see the other guard look over, go over and run up to him and start to check on him. You guys hear a voice in the back start saying, "Damon? Damon?" You watch as the dark figure spins and two flashes of red in the shadow nearby and you watch as the other guard suddenly grabs his head and grasps at his chest and falls on his back as his legs curl up. It is to the east of you, about 150 feet. Correct. You watch as the shadow bounds like a giant frog-- --northward. You guys hear the name calling, and then silence once more. You guys go ahead and you look just as the guard on the ground is like (gurgling) and just stops moving. You see all the veins bulging. As you come out of the tent, you watch as the flesh on his neck and throat splits and a very familiar transformation begins to take place as both of the guards begin to (growling). As you guys rush underneath the big blue tent, you watch as the two guards that are quickly bulging and mutating, bits of their flesh dislodging from their body and falling. You watch now, up close, similar to the last time, but now that you are looking intently for this, you can see where there should be blood, it's almost like dust and sand begin to spill from the wounds. Something you had noticed a little bit in the body of the old man before, but you didn't know if it was decomposition or just general dirt. You watch as the two halflings are like, "Fuck no!" The two mutated guards now, their armor bulging and broken in places, turn to the noises in the tent where you guys are. You guys are all in one tent with the other girls. You are all jammed into the space. The two of you make your way outside of the large tent as you watch these two bulging, zombified creatures making their way towards the tent. And that's where we're going to pick up next time. (groaning) Because it is 11 now. It looks like it leapt about 20 to 25 feet in the air and traveled about 40 feet with the leap. It was a large arc. You saw it escape northward from where you are. Yasha ran north, northeast. This is just straight north of where you are. Towards the Ustaloch. No. No, they just suddenly began to erupt in-- Look at that silver lining! That'll be fun.