Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Yes. That is what I said. Yeah. Before we go into tonight's game, we have a couple of quick announcements to go through, one of which is kind of awesome. First and foremost, we have our fantastic friends and sponsors of this campaign thus far and going on to infinity, D&D Beyond. Sam, if you want to talk a little bit about that, please. It's weirdly emotional. How layered was that harmony at the end? Seriously, Kamille, Kevin Areopagita, you guys are amazing. Such an incredible job on that. I want to plug their Patreon again because they deserve it. That's patreon.com/kiframe. Go check out their work. They're fantastic. Yeah. Yeah, I know. It wouldn't be Critical Role if we didn't at some point. Thank you, D&D Beyond, for being fantastic partners in this and for making that shit happen! (voice cracking) Okay, moving on. Oh man. I know! Vox Machina Origins, the hardcover, the physical copy went on sale today! It is available for purchase now through our friends at Dark Horse. You can find all the details at critrole.com. It includes the collection of the six issue, Vox Machina Origins comic arc, previously digital release only, as well as a bunch of extras in the back. The art process and the designing of the characters, a whole map of Stilben, and a bunch of information about some of the characters, creatures, and items that you see throughout the story, for possible use in your home game. But anyway, check it out. I hope you enjoy it. We're real proud of it. Stream of Many Eyes starts tomorrow. Ashley and me are going to be playing on a game tomorrow night for Force Grey and then a bunch of us are going to be there on Sunday throughout the day doing various games. You can check out dnd.wizards.com/SoME for all the information for this weekend. If you can't be there in person, they are streaming it so at least you can check it all out there. It's going to be a lot of fun. Cool reveals, and crazy stuff. LAURA and It's so crazy. Talks Machina is every Tuesday evening at 700pm Pacific where our fantastic, recently-escaped-from-the-Far-Realm Brian W. Foster will be hosting. This is discussed next week on the things that happened in this week's episode you're about to see. So check it out. It should be fun. I will be at A-Kon, June 8th to the 10th. So in a couple weeks, I'll be out there at Dallas/Fort Worth for panels, signings and going to talk and hang out with people as much as I can. So if you're in that area, come say hello! I believe-- Oh, what you got? What you got, Laura? I do like the idea that we have mystery caches of old items showing up. It's a perpetual surprise! You'll never know what you'll see! Olivia Samson, our fantastic Critter artist, did such a great job on this series. If you haven't had a chance to look at her work, please do. She's amazing. And on that note, let us all jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role. And welcome back. That was pretty creative. Well done. Hmm, that's a 6th-level spell. Anyway, welcome back. To catch up on what previously occurred. The Mighty Nein had decided to leave Zadash in the wake of the now declared war between the Dwendalian Empire and the Xhorhasian hordes to the east. You decided to side with The Gentleman, a purveyor of various darker and underhanded deeds throughout this side of the Empire who offered you two possible contracted options. You chose both and proceeded onto your first leg of this journey to the northeast to the Labenda Swamp and to the city of Berleben where you were tasked to discover what had happened to a safe house of which various smuggled goods would be stored and then transported through, that had gone dark for a number of weeks. You packed up, made your way in that direction, traversed through the outskirts of the swamp, managed to save a tiny bird friend from being consumed by a few large crocodiles and scoured the swamp city of Berleben in search of some means of information to find the individual that The Gentleman says would be able to help you in this journey, Febron. Febron was found, drunk and disorderly, in the Keystone Pub. Oh, so sexy. He's a right nice one. But no. You managed to interrogate him, made him an offer he couldn't refuse and he agreed to lead you onto where the safe house exists within the swamp. You rented out the rooms in the subterranean chambers of the old and almost collapsed pub. You separated yourselves for the evening, completed your rest and we pick up as morning comes to greet you. Lightless, as there are no windows and you just eventually come to on what you assume is an evening's full rest. You all independently come to shake your heads and get yourselves prepared for what the next day's journey arises, you gather your things and you glare at the rather awkward Febron across the way, who, as you wake up, is just sitting there watching you sleep. MARISHA and Well, I mean, I'm ready to do whatever you want. Lead the way. You guys begin to-- (chirping) (like Jester) "It's sharp!" (chirping) You guys all begin to gather and make your way up the ladder, through the hatch in the floor of the Keystone Pub, which is not bustling by any means. There are maybe three patrons in the process of having their morning ale. You glance over the side and you can see Dent Bonswallow who's in the process of cleaning off a number of the glasses from the night before. He looks over in your direction and goes, "Oh, right. Bright morning to you all. Rise up! Would you like breakfast of some kind, hey?" "Right. Coming right up! Go an find a place to sit, be with you in about an hour." "Well, I've got to make your food!" (grumbling) He's counting. "About an hour." Yeah, that's all situated there. There is, in the far corner of the chamber, the back wall opposite to the right of where the stage is being constructed-- though right now, it looks like there's no current construction going on at the moment-- a hooded figure is slowly walking towards the table where you guys are deciding or not whether to sit. Okay. You manage to sit on one of the small benches on the side. Scrapes the ground as you push into the side and the-- The cloaked figure stops and takes in this physical display, and then continues to approach. Mark, if you want to step in. (laughter) Mark Hulmes, long-time friend, dungeon master of High Rollers. The first thing you see the individuals you have been waiting throughout the evening to show up begin to step through, groggily complain about the space and then claim a table as you begin to approach, which you are greeted with stares and a cat butthole. (chirping) (like Jester) "A bird." (like Jester) "She walks around." (like Cali) "Hello?" (whistles) She pulls a dagger out. (like Jester) "Your underwear?" Make a perception check. All right. Glancing about-- Make an insight check. Welcome to playing with Caleb. 15? Okay. It seems to be rather forthright. Yeah. Seems to be on the level. Yeah. She seems nervous. You know, based on what you're asking. As far as the features, if I recall, they're was it half-elven? Everybody who is legal within the Empire. "I think it's pretty sexy to be honest." You see Febron there, is this creepier old man, balding, little liver spotted, missing most of his teeth, one eye wandering a bit. (like Nott) "Welcome to the Mighty Nein!" The little bird creature begins to chirp in your direction. (like Cali) "Hello Kiri. I'm Cali." (like Cali) "You're Kiri." (chirping) For the sake of expediency, you share what information you choose to in that space of time, but food does come to you piecemeal as your fine Dent Bonswallow friend decides to deliver it plate by plate as it arrives. It's passable, most of it's a little overcooked breakfast meats, bit of rubbery egg and that's about it. A good swamp breakfast. (growling) You hear this deep, horrible growling sound that echoes around you. You see Kiri's feathers fluffing up as she does it. (growling) (growling) It's the sound of the crocodiles from the battle before. Kiri starts fluffing and loosely purring back. Nothing that was howling-esque, necessarily, but you didn't travel too far into the swamp. (like Jester) "This is Kiri." There's at this point, two other patrons, but they're not really paying attention. "Jesus Christ! That's your arm?" Yeah, that's Febron. "Don't get me wrong, I still think it's pretty foxy." "Been around as long as I have, you live a life of beggars can't be choosers." (like Jester) "Welcome to The Mighty Nein!" You gather your things, finish off the remainder of your lackluster breakfast. At this point now, the morning air is chilled, though there is still humidity that permeates the swamp vicinity. You hear the bugs beginning to grow louder with the distant cicada/cricket sounds in the distance echoing through the swamp. There is a low fog that is fairly prominent this early in the morning. You can see about 15 or 20 feet beyond the barrier of the outer swamp before the moisture begins to pick up. You see just the shaded trunks of trees beyond that for another 60 or so feet before it becomes completely obscured by fog. "This time of year it does. It's just getting close to winter." Not zero visibility. You have traveling about 30 feet of general visibility, and then it begins to get a little bit beyond that. At this point Febron chimes in. "Don't worry, it burns off "a bit as the day goes on." "I mean, we're going to go through all of it, really, but we're going to head for the "outside of the Ounterloch." "The Ounterloch." "We're heading towards the lake. We're going to try and make our way around the outskirts of "it, but we're going to have to coast through the swamp to get there. That way we're not trudging "through the main central area too much." "Oh I wouldn't recommend taking that with us, no." As you guys are plotting a means out there, Kiri has the dagger out and is practicing little swings excitedly. Then she goes charging towards the fog. It's The Mist. Kiri has run past the barrier of The Puddles on the north side of the city and is now swinging wildly into the fog. Runs back, feet leaving a trail behind as she's stepping through two to three inches of swamp water across this district. (chirping) "There's lots of creatures around that could hurt you." She gets right behind Yasha and sticks right to her back with the dagger out on the opposite side going-- Make a perception check. You take a moment to scout the vicinity. At this point in the morning, it's maybe about nine o'clock or so judging by where you can see the source of sunlight in the somewhat clouded sky. Glancing around the city, not a lot of folks are moving. It seems like the nature of the swamp town is a little bit of a slower pace of living by the nature of the location. The few folks that are wandering around the streets are slowly getting to their daily chores and business. No one seems to be particularly interested. A few folks look over because you are a gathered motley crew on the edge of town, but there's no one who seems to be very focused in what's going on. "Fire. Fire. Fire. Fire." (chirping) "Wrapped around his weenie." "So we good to go? Ready to move? The longer we take the more risk we run of getting there "about nighttime, and I would feel a bit nervous about that to be honest." "Okay, so, who's leading?" LAURA and "I'm pointing the direction, no, but I'm not standing at the front. "100 gold, I'm pointing the direction, but look at me, I'm not going to defend you well." "Yeah, but if I die first, you're going to be lost in this swamp!" Nott, where are you? Kiri on your shoulders? There's Kiri. She's up there with the two feathered arms flopped over and (chirping) looking around. (like Cali) "Mee-ster Ford." At this point Febron's like, "All right so looking out this direction, this time of day-- "that way! Lead on, big boy." As you guys begin to step past the outskirts of The Puddles, your feet begin to sink thicker and thicker into the swamp floor as you further and further step away from this little bastion of civilization. With each progressive footstep you can see the waves ripple past and then hit patches of thick elevated vegetation that's growing and rotting in small clusters simultaneously. The tree trunks that are faded shadows begin to come into view and you begin to see these twisted, gnarled trees covered in vines that dangle down from these high boughs that barely cluster out sections of sunlight, and you pass out underneath those areas where bits of cloud begin to break through. Ah, gotcha Ah, boughs. Yeah, it's fine. In pushing this forward and guiding the path, I'm going to have Febron and whoever is keeping watch on the exterior to both make survival checks. Right. Well this isn't a perception check, this is to make their way through the swamp to keep track of what's ahead, so I'm having Febron and one of you take point on that. This is a survival check. Actually, you both rolled pretty high. Over the next two hours or so, you guys manage to keep for the most part above any of the deeper recesses of marsh water. Leaping from cluster of tree base and sections of ground that are mostly above the water line, it manages to go through without much of an issue. The fog does slowly begin to burn off as the hours progress, but it's still present. You gather probably about the time you arrived at the end of day yesterday to the exterior of the Labenda Swamp, there was just a faint bit of fog at the ground. It will be a number of hours before you even reach that point, but it is progressing towards a more visible space. These two hours you guys continue forward, being mindful and watching around. Those who are keeping watch, I need both of you to make perception checks or one of you make it with advantage, your choice. Whoever else is keeping a watch. You want to make it, Nott? Go for it. Febron at this point's still looking. He says, "Wait, hold on a second." He starts doing a little circle in the area, checking out some of the recent trees, looking at the sun in the sky and he's like, "Yeah. I feel like we're going the right way." "Yeah, we don't usually leave this early in the morning." (noncommittal grunt) "Yeah." LIAM and He pulls out a half-filled wineskin, opens it up, pours the water out. He looks curiously at the flask and the amount of liquid you poured in there. "Cheers indeed. Tiny girl." He watches as you drink the alcohol and is confused. Gets a closer look at you at this point and he goes-- "Right." "Aye. It's this way." Make another survival check. Well, it was Febron and Beau. Well, this one they're doing it individually, because you have somebody outside of-- Along the path as you guys are progressing for the next hour or so, Febron and Beau are keeping pace on this. Keeping watch, moving forward, you step through some of the soggier areas of the swamp and your foot gets stuck a bit and it's starting to get a little more difficult to traverse. Febron's like, "It's just a few more hours and we'll make our way to the outskirts of "the lake. It'll be a lot easier then, trust me. It'll be fine." At this point, Fjord, as you are stepping near the front you come around the corner and without notice there's this strange sound. This (airy puff) and there's a cloud of pollen-like spores in the air right where you are. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw, please. LAURA and You manage to pull back, coughing a bit, and your head goes dazed for a moment, but you manage to shrug it off. You guys look ahead and beyond the area where Fjord was pushing, around one of the trees you can see this large, 30-foot wide cloud of yellowish pollen that went (airy puff) and slowly settles into the swamp area. There's a whole mess of twisted vines and plant matter in the center of the space. Where it seemed to emit from, the center, though, you do see one large fern-type plant that's left open and three or four large leaves that are spread outward. "I haven't actually seen this close to one of them. I usually avoid them. So let's avoid it, eh?" "First off, I resent that." "No." "I'll take that. I mean, I figure it's probably in the way, burn it if you can. I don't "trust it." This vicinity is about 30 feet around this particular plant in the center that's lying open, face to the sky. It would encompass the plant, definitely. It emits this large blast of orangish-red fire that burns in the area. Go ahead and roll damage. She's filled with a baby. 28 points of fire damage. This explosion immediately evaporates the fog in the area, and a large part of the ground now is dried off. You see this mist or steam (hiss) out of where the detonation happened. The plant in the center, which is now more visible, you can see snap shut. This giant three, four part maw closes in the space with these plant-like teeth. It's still there, writhing in pain from the explosion. It laxes open a bit and begins to shift in your direction. It looks hurt, but still alive. All right, Fire Bolt, Sacred Flame, that's cocked. That's a 15. 15, yeah, so no Sacred Flame but-- 17 hits, roll damage. Yes. Or no-- yeah. For Sacred Flame, yeah. 12? 12 points of damage. As you slam it with the Fire Bolt, it (shrieks) and keeps moving forward, but it's hurt. Rolled another 15. 16. Sorry. You guys are all preparing your various cantrips and spells against it. It begins lurching forward. You can see the charred edges of this large vegetable plant. Then Fjord steps forward sending this arc of darker, gray-green energy that strikes into it. Roll damage-- roll to hit first. 16 hits. As it strikes this large, trap-like plant, it hits the center of it. It bubbles up for a second, the green and red matter of the interior swells and then pops. Like a horrible flesh-filled water balloon spatters across various areas. You guys have to take a step back and it glides against your knees and thighs a bit. It just manages to avoid you. But it lies now, decimated and sinking slowly into the swamp water. Make a perception check. Who else wants to make a perception check? 13? Okay. A brief breeze blows through the swamp as you guys move on from this positioning. You hear a very faint hiss through the distant branches of the trees, singing in unison, as bits of leaves and vines clatter against themselves from the shift. But you manage to catch a sound upon the wind that is unfamiliar to the rest of the natural breeze. It's like a chime. Like a wooden chime (dull thunks). You can listen up and can hear it for a moment too as the breeze blows through a second time. Kiri makes the same sound (dull thunks). Looks like it's a little bit northward of where you're headed. A little north-- "I mean, it could be." "It's loosely on the way. If you trust it. We could avoid it, though." "I don't know what the hell that is. I haven't heard that out here before." "Are you sure about that?" "I'm helping you." "Thank you." Sure. You cause some of the swamp mass to pull back a bit. Frumpkin takes a little bit, because this terrain is not very conducive to prowling cats of Frumpkin's size. But Frumpkin heads on for a bit, coming across the source of this sound. You see about 100 or so feet ahead in the direction where you heard the sound, hanging from one of the branches, there is indeed a cluster of carved chimes that are dangling from a piece of twine there. They're banging into each other every now and then when the breeze slowly comes through. On a branch, yeah. You can give a perception check for Frumpkin. 16, okay. From Frumpkin's view underneath, you can get a close look at it, and the material of the chimes isn't wood. It appears to be yellowed, old, dried, hollowed bone. The twine itself is not twine. It appears to have been tanned or dried sinew. Sinew. Currently it's just the one chime. It doesn't catch your mind as anything that is a defensive mechanism to undead that you would recognize. It is, about seven feet above Frumpkin. Okay. Frumpkin manages to climb the tree using the outside of the somewhat twisted bark, getting to the top. From that viewing point, as Frumpkin gets out there you can-- (laughs) You do see from the top of the branch, beyond the edge of the fog, there looks to be a thick tree that has broken and fallen over about ten feet from the base. The heavy roots rise up into this trunk that still stands about nine or ten feet from the base of the swamp floor. It appears like there is a hollow carved into it, circular, and a curtain that is currently pressed, bolted, or nailed into it that is partially blocking an opening into the tree. It's hanging down and every now and then a faint breeze comes through and you see it shift ever so slightly. But it's a heavy material. Okay. As Frumpkin-- make a stealth check. Okay. Good to know. It is better than 12. Frumpkin stalks up through, avoiding the sleight depressed elements of the floor that fill with the thicker bog water. Coming upon the outskirts you can see the curtain that hangs is not cloth. It appears to be a scaled leather-like material. Actually pretty similar to what you had carved from the crocodile the day before. But long weathered and it's dry towards the top, but the base of it seems to have been progressively moistened by the swamp around it. As such, it's slightly decomposing, and it has a bit of moss and algae that's grown on it, giving it a lighter green at the tip. Looking inside, there is a layer of bones that are all broken, and chipped to the point where it's given a textured base to the floor. From this view, you're not able to make out what the bone source is or what they're from. But there is a gentle layer of bones of varying degrees of age to them. Within there you also see-- there is natural rot on the inside of this trunk, that's let it easily be carved away. There appears to be a matted pile of something in the corner. Other than that, in the brief instant that Frumpkin's paying attention, it appears to be empty. Frumpkin returns to his realm. You didn't get a good, long look at them. You literally got in quickly and went (poof). In the brief instant you looked in there, you got a few details in the interior before pulling way. "That's not true at all." "It's right here." "It's that way." "That's what I said." "Yeah." You continue moving on? Febron goes, "All right. That way," and he points in the direction and ushers you forward. What pace are you moving at? Normal pace, slow pace, fast pace? Okay, medium pace it is. You could. You have to move at a slow pace to move stealthily, though. For the most of it, yeah. As you continue on, Febron and-- Beau, are you the other one with Febron doing the survival checks? Make one more. As you guys begin to watch the treeline slowly thin, Febron's like, "Oh, it's a good sign. "We're getting very close to getting out of this fucking swamp and getting next to the Ounterloch "that'll lead us there. No issue, no more of this." Right as he's saying that, you watch him about to step into another one of those open plants that begins to quake, and you watch as it's about to release this burst of pollen, Beau. You don't stop him, you just point it out. It goes (puffing). He goes, "What? (coughing)" and starts walking straight towards it. Make an athletics check for you to try and grapple him. Acrobatics. Sorry, athletics for you to grapple him. You reach and grab him, but he shrugs off your arm and starts walking. He continues to walk towards it, and then glides up in the air and is floating. He's reaching towards it, and the plant (slurping) and is trying to reach for him. He's now floating and slowly rotating in the air, like (grunting). It takes you the better part of a minute to finally shake him out of it, before he goes, "Oh, "is it-- what? Shit! (yelling) Shit, what's going on?!" The plant's still below him, going like (slurping). You poke him and he begins to glide over-- The plant is now turning towards him, slowly shifting in his direction, and he's like "Backing "away, there's a fucking--" Yeah, you move around the side and you pull him away. You guys begin to pick up your pace. This plant is not very fast-moving, and you, even moving at your slower pace, it can't keep up with you and it eventually gives up and disappears into the fog behind you. I love that you roll a 20 to see it before him and and went, "Sure." I love it, it's great. Yeah. All righty. "I've been through it a few times, but usually it's with a group of other smugglers, and "they take care of me and protect me, like you are. Thank you." Make an insight check. It's hard to read. Okay. "You know, I appreciate that. I don't appreciate you casting spells to fuck with all my "mind and shit. But I've been honest! I'm going to make some honest coin, and I'm doing my fucking "best, all right? Now come on, it's this way." "(stuttering) Not north, where we're going!" At this point, you guys can see the very edge of the water is now starting to show through the fog and you can see where bits of the lake are hitting the shoreline, and you have reached the Ounterloch in the middle of the Labenda Swamp. "Yeah?" "I don't know, I don't go into it. I recommend not getting too close, just in case. We "usually stay right on the coastal side of it, you know?" "Perfect." "No, what're you doing?! No, shit!" The whole time you're doing that, Kiri's like (chirping). Who's keeping watch on this? Yes. I need you and probably Beau, since you were with Febron before, make a perception check, please. Okay. As you guys are trudging along on the bank of this lake, heading northward, Fjord, out of the corner of your eye you see a shadow shift in the trees to the left of you. You glance back and you see something disappear behind a tree, about 40, 50 feet off. To the left side. So you guys are heading towards the shadow you saw? Fjord, Molly, and Yasha like that? And Beau? You begin to turn and approach and you guys form your line moving forward. You watch as something lumbering moves. It's still on the edge of the fog, and it shifts from the tree where it was to a tree further back and then ducks behind another tree. It's not very stealthy, though it thinks it might be. It seems to be moving fairly easily in the terrain. Okay, make a stealth check. Okay. As you tiptoe through the edges, leaping from cluster of root to cluster of root, being as quiet as you can, you come around the first tree where this figure had vanished, look around to where it's currently waiting and you see two trees that grew together and a large rock that's wedged at the base of it. Crouched below, behind the rock, you see this bulbous humanoid creature, with a deep green-blue skin tone with little pustules and boils on it, at the edges of the shoulder and arm. You see long stringy black hair that goes past the front of the chest. The torso appears to be swollen, this belly protruding beyond it. You can see hanging around the neck other pieces of hollowed bone, very similar to that chime that you saw being described by Caleb. It appears to be trollish in nature. The pustules and part of its body, there's this thick green liquid that's oozing out in places. It's sitting there clinging to the rock with its long fingers, clutching it, looking over in the direction of where you were, breathing heavy. It seems to be looking in the direction where you were. He doesn't see you at the moment, no. You're about 35 feet from it. You could certainly try. Make a sleight of hand check to do so without making a very visible toss. You take the handful and lob them quietly, as far as you can. You hear very faint impacts of them about 25, 30 feet off. The trollish creature goes (snarling) and pushes off the rock a bit, looking that direction. Looks over the rock, looks back in that direction. It's now looking like he's paranoid and keeping tabs on both sides. Make another stealth check. You manage pull back to the rest of the group as you guys are holding your line, waiting for Beau to return. (like Fjord) "You're a fan of pie." (chirping) Do you guys continue onward? You are out in the open, at the edge of where the lake is, beyond the treeline. Being stealthy here means being quiet, but you're still very much out in the open. I'm saying if an entity knows you're there, if you're not trying to obscure your visual, you're going to have a hard time avoiding it. As you guys push on, Febron's looking extremely nervous now that you've mentioned this creature. "Wait, are you saying you saw this troll thing? Over there?" "Only heard rumors and we talk about various things that live out there, trolls is definitely "one of them." "Through the ages, there have been all sorts of stories. There's uglier trolls here. Swamp "trolls, mountain trolls, all types, and this one, it wouldn't surprise me. I haven't seen one, but I "stay perfectly quiet. Quieter than you usually do as a group. I'm just going to stay here," and clings behind you, Fjord, like as a shield. You guys move on, taking care to be quiet, but not out of sight. If you want to be stealthy in that regard, make a stealth check. So then no stealth? So you guys continue pushing forward at your regular pace. (like Nott) "You're a cultist? You're a cultist?" Yasha and Fjord, as they're having this conversation, you're watching at the flanks and you can see the shape of that troll creature is still moving from tree to tree, keeping pace with your movement. It's not approaching you, but it's keeping pace. You're not in the center of the swamp where it's a lot of shifting topography and roots and vines and patches of deep water you have to come across. You're along the coast of this lake, so it's mainly soggy dirt and sand, so it's not rough terrain where you are. Yes. But you also have no protection. You're literally out in the open. Make a perception check. You do not. No, because you don't know if this creature's undead or not. (chirping) (like Nott) "It's me, Bren!" (chirping) Pulls the dagger out. If you're doing this stealthily, then I need anyone who's trying to not be seen to make a stealth check. Beau's stealthing to the north, which will be here. Fjord, you guys are heading inward. Jester, where are you standing? You guys are heading northward this way. You guys have to go this way because the lake's all this direction. Nott and Kiri are back here, and that would be-- Go off to that side. Febron is like, "I'm "going to stay back here with the people in the back-back, because I want to stay in the back." You guys begin to trudge in, deeper into the swamp. Yeah, they're pretty stale. You're fine. As you begin to move into the swamp, you do see the shape and it's about maybe 60 or so feet from where you are. You watch it shift, and then shift to another tree a little further away. He's moving away from you. Make a perception check. You see one shape move, it's similar to the one you saw before. You can ascertain that it probably is the same creature, yeah. Make a deception check. No, you don't need to after that, we'll see if he can see through the illusion. It skips ahead. Just keeps walking in that direction? 50 feet, 60 feet, gets relatively close to where you saw the shape vanish. From behind the tree, one of the claws-- The long, stringy hair dangling, somewhat stuck to its neck, shifting with the light breeze that blows through as it looks back and watches the illusion turn and shift. Is it relatively close to the tree, the illusion? It sits there and waits, shifts. It shifts back in its space a little bit. As soon as it gets within about five or so feet, the illusion, the troll creature reaches out and swings out to grab the illusion, passes through, and the claws (slash) into the tree. It goes (frantic grunting) and then vanishes behind the tree. You watch it dart, the shadow of it vanish behind another tree, and it's moving further away from where you are. How long does that last? Lasts for a minute? You guys cluster together outside of the swamp alongside the curvature of the lake, keeping an eye on the side, you continue to travel forward. The lake slowly begins to, as you guys are heading northward, along its side it begins to curve to a northeastern direction, and Febron's like, "All right, so this is good. We're getting closer to the northern side of the lake, which "means we're getting close to where we follow the pearl blades to the safe house. Good, okay." At this point, you look over to the side. Who's keeping a watch on this? Okay, both of you guys roll a perception check, please. 15, you said? You do see the shape now keeping pace with you again, same distance out there. It's stalking you, but it's definitely-- you get the sense, based on the interaction you had earlier and the distance it's keeping-- it's not interested in fighting nine of you. It's waiting to pick one of you off and take it wherever it's going to take it. It's smart enough to know that it's not going to jump into a fray in the open space, but it's definitely waiting to see what weaker one stays to the back. You guys continue heading in a northeastern direction until eventually you watch the lake come to a northern peak and begin to curve back into a southern area. It looks like the top of the lake bends to a point northward and then begins to head southward and level out. At this point, Febron goes, "All right, good. From here, we head northward into the swamp. We're looking for "daggers with pearl hilts in the trees. Those are the markers; there's six of them that lead us "there." He's going to make a perception check. He looks a bit lost; someone want to help him out with this? Make a perception check as well. It takes you a moment, but you manage to catch-- the third or fourth tree into the treeline, and you see a gleaming pearl-hilted dagger that is jammed about five feet off the ground into one of the thicker pieces of tree bark on the exterior of one of these trees. It's this little mark that looks like someone jammed a whittling knife into it and left it there, and he goes, "That's one, good. Okay, that means we're going the right way." Moving up, looking for the next one. Go ahead and roll. Both of you go, "There!" at the same time. MATT and "All right, second one." Moving on, looking for the third. This one takes a little longer to find. All right. Yeah. You find the third, Febron finds the fourth. Fifth one because he did not find it, but you locate it. Yeah. With that point, he goes, "Okay. I'm pretty sure we're almost there." He points ahead, and you can see where there's a cluster of trees. A new sight catches your attention. The first thing that hits you is this faint scent of rotting flesh. It hits your nose a bit and your eyes sting, water for the moment. As your vision focuses on the first corpse, a human man propped up on a spear going up through the side of his torso and out his left pectoral. His stomach is bloated and his skin is dull gray and glistening. His jaw hangs open, his expression this horrible, ghastly grimace. A few feet from him, stuck to one of the trees, you see a halfling woman with two blades jammed through her shoulders, pinning her up, legs dangling, but one leg is partially torn off. Her head is mounted down, hair in her face so you can't make out any features, and they're both placed up there right against this opening to a small clearing ahead, and this is where Febron goes, "And that's what I'm talking about. That's the warning. Whoever did this is trying to keep us out." "Fuck no!" From what you're looking at, they're both about as fresh as the other. They both have their jaws intact. From what you can tell, the female halfling, you can't make out the features of the face because the hair is in the way and dangling. The other one's is open. They both look pretty dead! Make an investigation check. No traps, nothing like that. You do notice there are wounds across the body. Beyond the leg missing, there are a number of wounds. You can make a medicine check to try and ascertain what they are. Okay. They seem to be a combination of bite and claw marks. Not super deep slashing, but definitely a gash across the shoulder, the neck. There is one large puncture wound about that wide that's right around where the sternum is. But whatever punctured it, one of the edges is torn out, like something hooked was placed in and then pulled through, dragging the flesh with it. Intact. No, you do not recognize this person, lifeless. You do see some rough elements of tattoos along the neck similar to the banded neck tattoos of members of The Gentleman's crew that you had seen before. Not as thick and dense, but you can see that there is a pattern to the acquisition of some of these tattoos for the ones who run the smuggling line. You're starting to ascertain and put that together, but intact. Kiri pulls a blade and gets behind Cali and is like, (like Jester) "I've never done this before." (like Jester) "Be careful." You watch as a tiny dagger goes into the tree next to it and Kiri's around Cali's going-- (cawing, whimpering) As the chest breathes in, some of the air escapes some of the wounds, and there's bits of matter- The head settles down and looks right-- Febron leaps back, he's like, "Shit!", and backs up a little bit. He looks really uncomfortable with this whole thing. You don't think he was prepared for any sort of dead-raising circumstance. "Is this fucking necromancy?!" He keeps backing away. Now the corpse's face of this halfling woman turns towards you. (inhaling) (whispered voice) "Swamp fishmen from under the ground." "Many." "Weeks. Two, maybe three." "We cut when we could. They bleed, but too many." Kiri comes up and grabs the dagger, wedges it out of the tree and turns to Cali and goes, (like Cali) "If it bleeds, we can kill it." Points it back to the corpse. Febron? He's 20 feet behind you. He's keeping a little back from the whole undead thing. At which point, from behind one of the trees (growling), the troll reaches out and grabs him by the torso, pulls him back, and you hear him scream as the troll grabs him, tucks him under his arm, (snarling) and begins leaping away from you. Okay, go for it. Make an attack. You go running. (splashes) All righty. Let me get the-- That is the troll. This is the opening of the clearing here, where you guys were talking to the halfling that was stapled to the tree right there. Essentially, yeah. You guys all spin and watch this happening. Kiri's over by the edge of the tree with you, and Caleb, where were you? You would have probably been over here, near Nott. Technically, this would be north. Yes, that area's north. Yes. What did you roll? That did miss. Nice. The troll spins and goes running with Febron going (screaming) in its grasp, it starts lumbering, leaping from tree to tree. Its legs, while it has this bulbous, swollen midsection, these thin frog-like legs are giving these fairly decent leaps from section to section, its other arm grasping onto the trees as it runs. You can see this is definitely its home terrain. As these magic missiles swarm out and slam into its body, with each impact, that green ichor sprays across Febron, and it starts to burn into his skin. He's (screaming). Febron goes limp-- (cheering and groaning) Correct. That's a four. Seven points of acid, got it. As it slams, it begins to burn the back of the skin. You watch a bit of steam rise off of its shoulder. It definitely is wounding the creature. This large, swollen troll is still making a break. I need everyone to roll initiative now. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? Nott and Molly. 15 to ten? Ten to five? Eight? Ashley, it's incredible. Is that everybody? I think so, yeah. Top of the round, as it's bounding behind with an unconscious guide under its arm, Jester, you're up first. All righty. What type of damage is it? Which he does not make, he rolled a 12. Six points of damage. As the energy coalesces and the bell, (impact) in the range of this creature, it impacts it and it staggers for a second, and the pustules on its body emit more of that poison. That finishes your go. Cali, you're up. Cool. This strange barrier of arcane energy forms around Cali's body, giving this little essence of vigor, and the body swells a bit. That finishes your turn. Nott, you're up. Within 30 feet, you can stop about there. Go for it. Yeah, that hits. Technically, no, because he's aware that you were there, and is not currently flanked by any allies. Five points of piercing damage. It strikes and sticks into the back, and more of that green stuff begins to spray out of the wound where it hit in the vicinity. It's creating bursts of this toxic sludge that's oozing from its body around it each time you're hitting it. 13? That does not hit. It manages to hit the tree that's near it and sticking into that one, there. There's quite a bit of it on Febron, actually. Yes, you are. I'd say in this clearing you're not in terribly difficult terrain. You're moving around okay, it's not too bad. The further you get into it this way, it starts getting a little more-- like in the cluster of trees in here, it starts getting a harder to move in. That ends Nott's turn. Molly, you're up. Okay. That is a 14. What is it, wisdom? 13. Your DC on that is? It's charisma-based, right? This is your racial? It succeeds, it's a ten. Unfortunately! That would have stopped it in its tracks. Is that your turn? Do you want to move closer? Okay, so you move up to there. Okay, that finishes Molly's go. Beau and Fjord, you guys are up. (counting) You do, you get right up into its body. They both hit. Great. What else are you doing? Oh, nice. All right. 21. That is a plus five on its constitution saving throw. Trolls, man. It resists the stunning strike. You still have your bonus, though. Ten damage. Third strike? Okay, cool. You rush forward, slamming into it with your staff and your fists, striking into its body. With each impact, it takes you a moment to realize what's happening, but that spray is covering your face, and as it does, the venom is pushing into your flesh and burning upon contact. You take nine points of poison damage. You take another nine points of poison damage. You take 15 points of poison damage. A total of-- sorry, 15, nine and nine, so that's 34? 34 points of poison damage. 33, sorry. Febron, by the way? Fucking dead. You see now he's coated in this toxin. The eyes are open and now pouring out of his mouth is foam at the edge with his tongue lolling out. Yeah, as it was fleeing, all the impacts covered him with the same toxic stuff and sent him straight to his grave. That ends Beau's turn. Fjord, what are you doing? All right. Two attacks on it. That hits. Both hit. Woo, nice! Both parts of its back where they impact, the flesh tears open, revealing the muscle beneath, and as it does, more of it sprays. Beau-- You take five points of poison damage. Correct. It was 15 plus 18, so it's 33. You just took another 20 points of poison damage. Beau falls onto the ground, arms limp, covered in this toxic substance. That ends your turn, Fjord? Okay, so it is now the troll's turn. The troll does not regenerate because you did acid damage to it with your last attack, which prevents it from regaining any hit points. However, it's still currently clutching the body of Febron under its arm. It's going for a straight bolt, it looks down and sees Beau unconscious, uses its action to pick Beau up under the other arm-- Nope. Now it's going to use its full movement. That's 30, it is right where the marker is right there. Yeah, this is a pickle, guys. That ends the troll's turn. Caleb, you're up. Right there is when you start getting to rough terrain, so that's as far as you get-- which the troll is not affected by, you've noticed that it's in its home turf. What are you doing, Caleb? Magic Missile on its head? Okay. Go ahead and roll for the damage on that. Okay. You are now holding concentration on Haste. Nott, you feel suddenly the world slows ever so slightly and you feel this burst of adrenaline in your body. That's your turn. Yasha, you're up. Don't forget, if you rage and don't attack or are attacked by the end of your next turn, you lose your rage. So if you're not planning to attack it, or if there's not going to be something attacking you, you're losing a rage for the day, so keep that in mind. It's either attack or be attacked, you don't have to take damage necessarily. So it's taking damage. So it's you attacking or taking damage. Yeah. Unfortunately, you're starting to get through some sludge. You can, yeah. All right. That's as close as you can get right there. You are. You don't have an action to use it anymore, unfortunately. Yeah. What do you yell? I give you two bonus actions. Make an intimidation check. Well, it's charisma-based, but depending on the intimidation, you can use your strength modifier instead. Okay, with your strength modifier? It makes sense, and it's how we did it in the last campaign, too. It's one of the rules that they say you can use for your campaign. Charisma or strength for your intimidation because it makes sense for you. My favorite Pike line, by the way, in Pillars Of Eternity. 22, all right. Okay, it turns around and glances at you and it looks shaken. I'll say, for the purposes of this, it's frightened of you until the end of your next turn. Yeah. Does that finish your turn, Yasha? Unfortunately-- It's now Kiri's turn. Kiri holding a dagger-- She just holds the dagger. That's Kiri's turn. And shouts, (like Jester) "Fuck!" Jester, it's your turn. Yeah, you're within 60 feet. Oh shit. Okay. So you are conscious. Okay, so when we come to your turn, you can do that. You come to consciousness, and you're like (panting) and your body hurts, there's all this stinging from the toxin burning your skin and flesh. You're chucked under and you can feel the claws digging into part of your thigh and side as you're being run along by this giant troll creature. It smells awful; this heavy scent of rotting citrus and fungus that's permeating from its body. That finishes your turn, Jester? That was your bonus, you still have your action. Sacred Flame? You got it. Holding there, Cali, you're up. You can get that close right now with the speed of 30 feet, yeah. Interesting! For the purposes of this, make an arcana check and this is going to be your attempt to break the grapple of the troll. Ten. Not very good at arcana. Two! Fucking! You're a lucky son of a bitch! It has a plus four on its strength roll. Ripping from the grip of the troll, Beau gets lifted into the air, and is now hovering there. Yeah. You can do that. Beau is now lifted up into the tree. You're just within reach of branches when it comes to your turn. I'm going to be honest, you almost killed her, man. Scorching Ray if those all had hit, Beau's dead. I was like, oh fuck. I got real nervous. Magic Missile would have done the same, too, because it's a splash per missile. Go for it. Dex save for you. Natural 20, and then for you dex save as well. That is an eight. Yes. Splashes out. No one is close enough to be impacted by the effect. Febron's dead. Febron's like-- Kind of! His arms and legs are dangling behind as it's dragging him through. It's pretty rough. Not beyond anything else. Ending Cali's turn; Nott, you're up. Currently no. That's as close as you can get right there. That's not quite within 30 feet. For water walking, right. I'll say, for that purpose, it does give you the extra movement there. So now you're just within 30 feet. Wisdom save is a 13. What's your DC? 14, it fails! It immediately falls prone, laughing with the corpse of Febron being flailed about in the air as it's spinning. The legs and arms-- Well technically, you can only do the bonus action to attack if you use the attack action. Oh! Because you're hasted! That's right! Sorry, I was thinking of the bonus action, you're correct. That hits. No, because you do not have advantage on the attack, unfortunately. Nice. It sinks into it. You do because it's an attack action. Okay, that hits. To two? Oh man, that sucks. Seven points of damage. That finishes your turn, Nott, well done. On the ground you're firing both of those. They're sticking inside, these sprays of poison toxin out of his body as it's laughing on the ground. For Tasha's Hideous laughter, does it get a chance to break? Nope, that was a two. The second roll was a 16, so it succeeds. It fell prone, gave you disadvantage on the attacks, and then got out of your spell. Lesson learned. But it is prone. That finishes your turn, Nott. Molly. Right here. It rolled a three minus one, so it succeeds. It takes what type of psychic damage? Interesting, okay, so psychic damage strikes it and it does not spray the venomous toxin upon receiving the psychic damage. But it is grabbing its head, now the laughter has subsided. It's trying to get back to its feet. That finishes your turn, Molly? Beau, you're up in the trees. Fjord, you're on the ground. You're levitating. Sure, you still have the levitation spell on you, so if you were to leap, you'd just glide. Okay, so you're on the branch there. 15 just hits. When it is prone you have disadvantage, so roll again to attack. It's a ranged attack. 14 just misses. It sinks into the swamp mud next to it. One more time because this has disadvantage. Okay, so that does hit, roll damage on the second one. That is correct. Ten? Four plus-- Damage bonus. Eight, that's what I thought. Eight points of damage. The shuriken sinks into its chest; another spray of toxin. Nothing in the vicinity to take the damage, that finish your turn? You do. No, it's only unarmed. I think that's your turn. Fjord, you're up. Go for it. Disadvantage on each strike. They both go passing right over its body as it's trying to get up. It slips for a second, and what would've hit, it ducks out of the way just in time and both of them arc off, hitting nothing. That finishes your turn. It's now the troll's turn. It gets up, half its movement, and it's going to run 15 feet this way and then a full action run for another 30 feet, and it's darting off with the corpse of Febron under its arm. It has its prize and it's running off into the swamp. It's hurting, but you're watching its flesh stitch together a little more and starting to heal up from some of the wounds. Is anybody pursuing? All right, go ahead and roll for that. Nope. The Fire Bolt vanishes beyond its space there. Anybody else with a ranged attack that wants to try and make it? Go for it. At this range it is. 12 misses. It's starting to hit the mist and its form is starting to become a little harder to see and it's running with such an intense speed. You do. And a bonus action attack if you want to. 14? No, just misses. Roll damage. It does strike. Eight points of damage. It manages to catch it. It's still running. Fjord, you're the only one with a proper ranged attack here if you want to try. Go ahead and roll damage. It gets blasted. Still going. Well, now it takes its next turn to do a full 60-foot run. At this point, the fact that you guys are having a hard time hitting it and the rate that it's healing, you're starting to think-- Yeah. I'm just saying, you can continue to pursue if you want to. You guys are right at the edge of where these bodies have been propped up as a warning, which, from what Febron told you, was placed up to prevent people from coming towards the safe house. You're starting to get close to it, as far as you know. As you approach the head is tracking you the whole time. The head curves off to the right between the tree that it's stapled to and the other body that's propped up. "100 feet that way." You don't see any safe house. You don't see anything like that. At that point the head (sighs) continues back. Looks to be two shortswords have been jammed into it. Shortswords. Make an investigation check. Okay. Rummaging through the pockets and the various baubles you can find, you find four pieces of gold, a handful of about 12 silver-- this is on the halfling-- a charm, looks like it's made from a dried animal foot of some kind, like a dog or a coyote. (imitates a hiccup) And a note that's keeping track of locations, but it's mostly soaked now and the ink has all run, and you make out bits of words here and there, but it makes no sense to you. Yeah, the paper is now dry and a full piece of paper, but the ink is still as smeared and lost as it was before. The few words you make out involve a time. One of them says two hours past the noon sun, that's the most you make out of one sentence. Part of it's smeared. It's like Steve Martin in The Jerk trying to read the love letter. (gibberish) The other things you can make out are four men required, and then another one saying something about Shady-- and that's all you make out. Okay, we'll take a short rest here and while we're doing that we'll also take a break. Restroom here. We'll be back here in just a few minutes. Thank you for kicking with us. We have our Wyrmwood giveaway today. We have a fantastic lacewood deck box. Lacewood, it's got a really cool texture. It looks like a chainmail. It's one of the cooler-looking woods, in my opinion. This is going to be a giveaway for one of you lucky winners in the chat in the US or Canada, excluding Quebec. Head on over to the Twitch chat to enter the phrase tonight. Enter only once or you will be disqualified. However, for tonight, the word is "bird." Bird is the word. MATT, TRAVIS, MARISHA, MARK, TALIESIN, We'll be back in a few minutes, guys. We'll see you then. Enjoy the break time, enjoy the rewatch of our awesome D&D Beyond video. Back here in a minute. [drum intro]  You got the perfect warlock,   her weapons and supplies   But you need a place to track your stuff   'cause you're so disorganized!   You click open the web page   you heard about on Critical Role   And now you're ready to kick some butt   in that mineshaft full of gnolls!   It's D&D! (D&D)   D&D Beyond   Yeah D&D! (D&D)   D&D Beyond   You got your stats, you got your sword   and you've got your invisible wand!   It's D&D! (D&D)   D&D!   D&D Beyond!  Hello everyone, and welcome back! I just dropped my note. I'll pick it up in a second. So before we get into it, we're going to announce the winner of our giveaway! The winner of our fantastic Wyrmwood giveaway is the_bowmeister. (surfer voice) The_bowmeister, enjoy your Wyrmwood! (normal voice) So congratulations, we'll get that sent out to you ASAP. The_bowmeister? Ja, possibly would be. Back into the game we go. Ugh! (blood spraying) Indeed. Bringing us back into the game. You guys have taken your short rest, healed up a bit, and recovered from the chaos of the swamp you managed to trudge through. You've lost your guide, but you've survived thus far. The rest of you, at least. What would you like to do? Oh, you were casting-- Yes. Utilizing Detect Magic, you were saying-- On? Nothing magical within what was found on the bodies, no. Correct. No, at this point it's later afternoon, maybe. It's like two or three o'clock. Maybe. You left early enough in the day where you aren't threatened for dusk for another few hours. You guys continue on past the tree? Make an investigation check. That's true. Outside of the space around you or the trinkets found within the corpses, nothing. But you do see the mild glow from the bracelet on Cali's arm. Make a religion check. You can make a religion check if you want to try and recall information. 13. You've heard of the Scaled Tyrant. You don't know a whole lot of information. But you know, through your research, that one of the entities that partook in elements of the Calamity. No. Not at all. Is definitely considered one of the betrayer gods in the Calamity, though very selfish and is considered by many to be the patron-- whether it be the mother of, or the patron of, chromatic dragons. At this point, Nott has completed quite a thorough sweep of the vicinity as you move forward. No traps. You do notice, as you head into this next open clearing, there's thick patches of vines and roots that descend into a circular space that is awash with swamp water and general bog rot that is floating over the surface, like a moat has formed naturally around this giant banyan tree about 30 or 40 feet across from side to side. It is gargantuan. The roots rise up, and merge at different places where the tree itself begins to expand about ten feet up before it reaches out and curves and carves into the earth before disappearing beneath the water, the still, awful swamp water that surrounds it. You also see, across the front of its trunk in the vicinity, at least the bits where the sunlight comes through from the rather choked boughs above that are shading the area quite heavily, six more bodies tied to branches and roots with rope and vine. Their bodies covered with similar wounds as the ones you inspected before. Some are slumped against the base of the roots. Some are held up and vines wrapped around them and they are stapled at an angle onto the sides of the tree. They're all currently placed as a warning to either notify or fend off anyone who would wander too close. Nope. You can part areas of it, but it's about 15 feet across, as far as the width of it and it changes in width depending on which place on the tree you head. It is, essentially, a waist-deep area of water. So you could move with it and-- You can bring it to just past knee height within a very localized area to you. Kind of. There's a big clearing around this tree. It's natural for the most part, but it looks like this area is centered around the tree. Make a perception check. Well no, you haven't submerged in the water yet. But it looks about waist high as you lower the water level. You do glance up and see a band of teal fabric tied around one of the branches or the edges of the roots at the top part about ten feet up that has been weathered and dirtied from just being there for a long time. A lot of the color has faded. But you just barely pick out its location. It looks like it might have been a bandana that was wrapped and tied around a root above. Okay. So you wade through the water. Beau, make an athletics check to try and climb the tree. Athletics. To climb the tree. It takes a while to even get close, but the general moisture in the air makes it slick and you keep slipping down the side. You can try. Roll-- A tiny piece of teal fabric tied-- Eight to ten feet up. (popping noise) Do you untie it? Okay. You pull it and you bring it down. It's an old, starched, weathered bandana. About three feet. Oh yeah, so now the water's clear and you can see below there's thick sediment, muck, a few bones of some wayward creature that long has been left to rot beneath the water but there's nothing living in there aside from toads, tadpoles, other small slithering natural creatures that call the swamp home. Okay, so you make your way through, catching up to Beau and Fjord who are at the base of the tree. You get up to the base of the tree now. The rest of you guys follow suit? You all cross past the water path. You're now at the base of the tree. You, Nott, have the strange teal faded scarf now in your grasp. Yeah. The gif machine. The gif machine, Sam Riegel. Oh god. The branch itself is pretty sturdy. The portions of the tree here do not bend very much and it doesn't seem to react. The strength of the Mage Hand isn't very strong. Make an investigation check. 12? Yeah. You glance around and as you were placing your hands against part of it some of it shifts, it wobbles. Now getting a glance, there's a piece of weathered driftwood or separate wood that has been pressed up and tucked behind some of the roots to look like it's part of the tree. But it's a little bit of a different texture, a different type of wood and as you press on it, it wiggles. You shift it-- Make an investigation check. 16. It does not appear to be trapped. You wiggle it out, pull it free and now you can see about a four-foot carved hollow in the tree that leads to a dark, lightless interior. All right. It glows like a torchlight in the vicinity. As you step inside, Fjord, you notice a fairly well-cleared interior that smells of marsh water and lamp oil. Glancing about, there are two hooks on the wall that have been jammed in that carry the top part of some sort of oil lantern that has been shattered against the wall. The glass itself is broken. The metal is bent and you now can see there's some soaked lamp oil that has fallen from those impacts that has hit the ground on the wall nearby and is offering that additional smell to the room. The floor is somewhat soggy with moss and bits of sand and gravel as well as the occasional heavy root that breaks through the surface of that soft floor. There are some pieces of broken wood slats, but besides that, the chamber appears to be empty. Okay. You're now stepping into the chamber. The chamber's about 30 feet wide. It's just round. You look up. The ceiling's about 12 feet tall and there's some hanging roots that are dangling from the top. It looks like it's been carved away maybe. No. It matches the size. It's probably about two feet to three feet of thickness of the actual tree trunk and the interior's hollow. No. Make an investigation check if you want to. Okay. A couple things. Though you don't have a sense of color-- are you the only one in the chamber right now? You went in there as well? Right. The rest of you guys step into the chamber and the light comes in. What you failed to see because it was a change of color becomes immediately apparent. There are scattered splashes of blood across areas of the walls inside. They're dried, but dried enough to the point where they haven't gone completely black and then disintegrated. So this is relatively recent, weeks maybe. As you guys are inspecting the space, there are certain gashes against-- it looks like there was definitely a fight and scuffle. The soft ground here has signs of turbulent movement as well as a number of smeared grooves in the ground that snake and spiral about. Fjord, as you're glancing about answering this question, you look down on the far north corner of it and where some of the roots have gathered and come down, there's one space where you don't see the wall of the tree behind it. As you move the root out of the way, there is an actual hole about two and a half feet wide that descends below the tree. There are some spatters of blood and there are some things that give the sign of being pulled on as well as pieces and shards of wood, including bits of porcelain, some object that had shattered and broken. Looks like whatever may have been within this chamber at some point, a lot of it's been brought down there. Make an investigation check. You do manage to pull through. You do see a small piece of thick scaled hide that was carved off, probably as part of a scuffle. It's pretty tough. It's salty. Recognize any of the bodies? Okay. Glancing past and taking a look; there's nobody that you've seen before that is amongst this crew. They all appear to be darkly dressed, generally to keep out of sight. You do see two of the members there that have an accumulation of neck tattoos. You've seen the ones back in Zadash that were almost full bands of designs. These individuals have only sections of it. You start getting the idea that the more they've worked with whatever organization that work this is, the more completion they've had of certain jobs depending on what the job is, a certain type of individual acquires tattoos as a sign of how long they've been there and how successful they've been. At one point possibly. Investigation check. With disadvantage, because it's quick. What's that? Okay. 13. You manage to scrape away about 17 gold pieces and five silver pieces. Before, as you pull off of it, you watch as the lower half of the body sloughs off the torso and you back away. The smell is awful, as a lot of the interior gas of the bloated corpse escapes into this terrible sulfurous stench. Okay. You take a moment to focus and place your hand on this lightly thrumming device. Your vision is pulled into this universal space of stars and gas and distant existences you've never contemplated and there you see before you the pulsing light of possibility. You reach out a hand and grasp it and feel it enter your body and you've acquired your fragment of possibility. The hole has chunks of rock and dirt as well as a very interwoven network of roots coming down from the tree, so it's fairly easy to climb down. There is a little bit of that damp water and moisture that seeped into the chamber previously from just being near the swamp. It wasn't a thick layer of water, maybe half an inch or so in the actual portions of the chamber and some of it is now heading down. As you're climbing down carefully through this hole, you can feel it running down your back and it's this cold swamp water. I need you to make an athletics check as you make your way down this chamber. Yep. Just add your athletics. Seven. Okay. You begin to-- (grunts) and you lose your grip and begin slide down like a slide. (impact) You get about maybe 15 or so feet before the back of the slide leaves you. You have darkvision, so you see the interior of some sort of chamber in the ground rocketing towards you-- Okay. And you gingerly land on your feet. No damage taken. And no noise made either. Looking around you, you see the inside of a natural rock chamber. You can hear in the distance a rummaging sound, some shifting over from around the corner. It seems like from where you're landing the back is around you and then it curves to the left. You see a faint puddle before you lose vision and beyond that, you don't see anything but you hear (shifting). Just echoing around the side. You hear a (monster hissing). Something clatter to the ground. What are the rest of you guys doing? I don't think you heard anything, no. Make a stealth check for me, please. You slowly make your way around the side. This chamber appears to be kidney shaped. It curves around the bend, and as you make your way around the chamber, at the outskirts of your darkvision, you begin to make out three shapes. Humanoid torsos with long fins that extend from where the elbows are, patchwork leather and bronze armor pieces, as well as hints of shell jewelry and bone. You can see one face as you peek around the edge, and you can see this large, toothy underbite, with this square jaw where these four tendrils kind of dangle from the tip of its chin. A single fin curves over the top of its head. No nose, but two gleaming eyes that refract. What little bit of light coming into the chamber from something out of the visual range is giving off a faint glow. The lower half of its body is a long fish tail. It looks like that a nightmare-ish merman would look like. It sits there clutching some sort of long harpoon-like pike with a hook on the end of it. They're talking amongst themselves, and you hear some sort of tearing sound, you peek around a little further, and you can see a creature has been dragged down here. A familiar one. A thick, leathery-scaled body of a crocodile of some kind. Not a large one, but a regular sized crocodile has been dragged down here, and all three of them are in the process of feasting on its body. They're tearing into its flesh, and talking amongst themselves in a language you don't understand. Around the base of them, you see broken crates and a few odds and ends are resting on the ground, loosely discarded. From what you can see? You're kind of peeking around the corner, you cannot see the opposite end of where this curvature is without possibly revealing yourself. Around that way? Not terribly. There are a few outcropping walls, and at this point I would say I could probably give you a visual. Nott, you're right there, curving around the side. You landed right here and then made your way around. This is where it drops you into the middle of the chamber. Okay. So who's going down? Yeah they can, most of them. Make an acrobatics check for me. Sure. The cat's acrobatics. Frumpkin lands. Okay. Double knot? All right. All right. You make your way down the rope. Eventually you get to the bottom. It does dangle and the edge of the rope does, basically, end about a foot or two above where the ground is. So you just manage to catch the bottom. So put how many ropes together? Two 50 feet ropes? Oh, so no. It's actually coiled at the bottom. Total, it's about a 60-foot way down. You manage to make you way down without an issue. Okay. So with the rope and everything, aiding you down here, it's easy enough for you all to make your way into this area. Kiri's coming down with you? Are you guys having this conversation? (chirping) (like Cali) "I killed people." (chirping) (like Jester) "Don't move unless something chases you." (like Jester) "Right." Holds the dagger in front of her. Yeah, so Kiri is going to go ahead and duck into this corner, here. All right, what are you guys doing? Nott, you're watching. You hear the splashing of water and out from the side, another one emerges from this side pool. It (speaking in Aquan). The other one (speaking in Aquan). It turns around and splashes back into this little pool and vanishes below the surface. Briefly chatting, but in the process of eating, more than anything. It's about ten square feet. Everyone make a stealth check. What was the number you rolled? Okay, so that's six. As they're all eating, and Nott, you're paying attention, one goes, (inquisitive growl, garbled speech) All right. So you throw the ball bearings, and then everyone rolls initiative. You lost the surprise round, unfortunately. You were spending too much time talking. 25 to 20, anybody? 20 to 15. Okay, so we have Beau, Fjord-- what did you get? 18. And then Molly at 16. 15 to ten? And then, what was it, Caleb and Nott? All right. Ten to five? Jester and Cali. No, Kiri's staying in the back. All right, that's everybody. Top of the round, as all three of them have spun around, apparently aware that something is lurking in this area of it. No, but it's not an ambush round. So. Top of the round is Beau, you're up. You can't hold your turn. You can hold an action. All the bad stealth checks were-- Ten, right. Okay, got it. Depending on what your action trigger is, yeah. Over here, next to Nott? Yeah, you can do that. Okay. And you're holding your action in case Fjord attacks something. Okay. So as you're pulling back with that, Fjord? All right. Well, you're going to be out in the open. Just so you're aware. All right. So you move over here. You can now see all three right there. Yeah, that's as far as you can move there. They all turn, (growls). You see some of them holding what looks to be these large harpoon-trident things that are hooked on the end and they have some sort of thick cabling of some kind attached to the end of it. 20-foot radius? Where do you want to place it? You got it. So you watch suddenly as the back end of that chamber-- well, for those who can see, which Caleb currently-- it's mostly dark except for that faint, faint glow around the corner that you don't see the source. There's no light in here. That light goes out. You are blind at the moment, because what little bit of light there is has been consumed by this sphere of darkness that Fjord has summoned on the opposite side of the chamber. You watch as reality tears open in that space, and you see these strange, black-purple otherworldly tentacles whip out from the outside of it, and you hear this horrible slithering sound within the center of that chamber, with this faint underlying of whispers and chanting. Does that do immediate damage, or only on their turn? Cool, all right. So that ends your turn, there. Molly, you're up. Let me see here, real fast, about the Hunger of Hadar spell. All right. So you cannot see anything. You have your goggles on-- Correct. But you have Darkvision. Correct. So I'll say you can see where they are, but it's a little obscured, so. You are. Well no, I'm sorry, you cannot move. You did your move, so you have to have an action, so you can only attack that one that you can see there. Okay. They're at disadvantage, because it's beyond your 20-foot initial range. That does hit, yeah. Nope. Disappears into the darkness. You had to do that on your turn. You've only got an action you were holding. Sorry. It's about ten, 11 feet. It's not very high. All right, that ends Fjord and Beau's turn. Molly? This one over here? Oh, I see. There we go. You still have a bonus, if you want to. All right. Did you activate one of your scimitars? Got it, cool. That ends your turn? It is now their turn. So, top of the round, they're both in the space, so they take how much damage? 2d6 cold damage. You do. So roll all at once. (laughs) You hear this strange slamming and slithering sound and hissing noises on the inside. All righty, so this one's going to go ahead and move just to the edge there. This guy gets to about there, actually, before he can move into the water. Right now, because they don't have a huge movement on land. Exactly. So those guys are clustered there. That guy does manage to move-- He's going to continue slithering the rest of the way. (counting) I'll say it gets him to about there. Well, it's not the end of their turn yet. The two, while still blinded, saw you emerge. The one over on this end is going to go ahead and attempt to throw one of its harpoons in your direction. It's blinded, so it has disadvantage on the attack. With disadvantage, that's a 16. What's your armor class? Aw, slick! It shoots through and you deflect it with the shield and watch it spark off. The one behind it is going to throw as well. Natural one, yeah. It chucks the harpoon. Both of them land on the ground, and you hear them scrape as they're pulled back to where they are. The one that is right there in front of you is going to throw another harpoon. It's going to throw a harpoon at you. Still at disadvantage. That is a 20 to hit? You suffer, as it jams and pierces into your abdomen, right past the armor, sticking a couple inches into your chest. You take 11 points of piercing damage and I need you to make a strength check. Natural 20. You get dragged right up into its space right there. Make a constitution saving throw to see if you can maintain concentration on your spell. Make a constitution saving throw. So you succeed that one. Now it's pulled you in. It's going to go ahead and make a bite attack against you, as it pulls you in. Its jaw opens up to strike you. That is an 18 to hit. Because you have 17 armor. You take seven points of piercing damage as it digs its jaws right into the front of your chest and shoulder area, biting down. Make another constitution saving throw. You maintain concentration of the spell. Now, all three of them have to make a dexterity saving throw or receive the damage again. That is a fail, a fail, and a fail! Two, ten, and a three! Nice! That ends their turn. That brings us to Yasha. 40. You can't quite get up into his space. You're ten feet away. You can use an action to dash if you want to make the rest of the movement, but you won't have an action on your turn. If you don't take damage by the end of your next turn, then yeah. Unless you move into the tentacle range. You can. You're going to hold for what? Okay. Holding your attack just in case it comes in range. That ends your turn, Yasha. Nott and Caleb, you're up with Jester and Cali on deck. Okay. Does your cat have darkvision? No, it does not. The first area, but nothing beyond that space. You got it. Beau has swollen to an enlarged state. Beau takes up this entire space now. At a ten-foot ceiling Beau, you suddenly crouch. You're now hunched forward with the top of it grinding against the top of your head and shoulders. If he hits, it's sneak attack. He doesn't get advantage, so it misses, unfortunately. 14 does hit. It does, yes. 18 points of damage. All righty. That ends your turn? Yeah, you can. Right over there. Jester and Cali. There? There you go. There you go. All righty. That's your turn, Jester? About 30, about there. All righty. 15 hits. Six? Great. It's poisoned until the end of your next turn. As the bolt hits it, the veins all of a sudden go dark on its torso where it impacts. Ending Cali's turn. Beau, you're up. Jester went. She Invoked Duplicity. Enlarged Beau is crouching down. You can. This giant foot right next to you, Nott, as Beau's large form almost stomps on you. 16, that hits. That misses. Ten damage with your staff. As you rush up, crouching low, you take the staff and jam it down into it. It looks back at you. It sees you looming by. As it pulls up its harpoon to try and defend, you jam the staff into its chest, shove it to the ground, under the water, and hear a crunch as you collapse its ribcage with the impact. It's taken the brunt of your damage. The harpoon fell out of the wound. It's loose on the ground. There's a pretty nice puncture wound through your armor and your body right there. You sure can. So you take it, and you fling it into the darkness, and it (flopping). You've already used your action to do your attack. Bonus action's an unarmed strike, so this is a flavor, as you throw it into the darkness that they can't see. You hear its body-- You were, but there was nothing to hit that's unarmed in your face. You do fling it in there, and you hear this horrible slurping sound as whatever-- And you were. And whatever tear in reality that was opened by Fjord's patron devours the corpse. It's plucked out of the air and sucked through whatever small rip in reality had opened. Sure. All right, that ends your turn. Fjord, you're up. Okay, that ends your turn. You did have a little bit more, yeah. You could have, yeah. You can scoot all the way up to here, if you want. You're squat-moving your way through the cavern. Molly, what do you got? You got it. It's now their turn. Top of the turn, they take 2d6 damage, so go ahead and roll that. Got it. You hear (snarling) and (slurping) sound on the inside of this darkened sphere. This guy manages to get into the water and poke his way through, but just barely get his vision out. This guy's going to come out as well and encounter Beau on that element. They're both still inside. They're still inside. And another one arrives here, and can only move there. He will, yes. This one here is technically right in range of Fjord, and is going to unleash two strikes on you. Its claws and its melee bite. Actually, I could melee with a harpoon, so it's going to attempt to harpoon you and bite you. Natural 20 on the harpoon, and then for the bite attack, that's going to be a 23. The harpoon is going to be 24 points of piercing damage as it jams right into your chest, pushing you against the wall. Go ahead and make a concentration check, if you don't mind. You have to beat 12. It's going to attempt to bite you in the face-- The bite, it actually hit. That's going to be a d8. That's eight points of piercing damage. Where did my dice go? There it is. No, the Snitch fell away, I need to keep it. It did. All righty, so make a second concentration check. 13's fine, you maintain concentration. The other one that's right next to Beau is going to attempt to also throw its harpoon at you, since it saw that you were the source of this. They're trying to break the spell. You were holding an attack. You'll have to say that You're amplifying it? Okay, go for it. So roll the damage, that's disadvantage on that. That's a 17 to hit. What's your armor class? 17. It still hits the first strike. The harpoon (crashing) into you. That's going to be 12 points of piercing damage. You can. While this is happening, roll a concentration check. And make a strength check for me, please. 19 on its side. You get dragged 20 feet through the water into range with it. Beau, you make your Sentinel Strike on it? Natural 20, nice. Go ahead and-- The dice of the enlarged is also doubled, too. 16 points of damage. Crack! As it gets cracked, you watch as one of the teeth goes flying from the impact of your giant elbow hammer into its jaw. Using that momentum, it looks back, its eyes clenched down on Fjord, now almost prostrate before it, holding onto the harpoon, and goes for the face. This is with disadvantage, though. That'll save you. It was a 17 and a two. It goes to bite you, and you manage to pull up your sword in the way and block it. Its jaws open and this terrible fishing breath smell cascades over your face. The one on the other end is blind, it hears all this noise happening, it's going to make a wide shot with its harpoon in the direction of where it's hearing all this conflict. Disadvantage. 16 and 18, that still hits. Sorry, Fjord. You take-- No, those are the dice rolls that I was making. It was a 16 and a 19. So that's nine points of piercing damage. Yeah. You guys have done it before. And with that, Fjord goes down, and the spell fades. It closes off. They now have visual. This guy's going to move. No, that was his movement. That's right, so he wouldn't move. He went top of the round. Thank you for the reminder of that. But he used his action to throw that. So that's all he has. That ends their go. Yasha, you're up. This one here? All right. In the water or on the side? You got it. Going the full Yasha, angry. Nott and Caleb, you're up next. 19 hits. So the first strike with the Divine, 3d6 plus seven. 20 points of damage on the first strike as you carve across its torso, it hisses back, still standing, though. That's 2d6 plus five. Five. 11 points of damage? As the first blade strike carves down its body, it pulls back hissing, Fjord's unconscious, sinking underwater with the harpoon still sticking out of his chest, as it's leaning back at an angle as he vanishes into the dark liquid. As it pulls back, it yanks the harpoon from his body, and you see his body slightly lurch up out of the water before sinking again. It pulls it back to strike at you with it, and when you pull the blade back, you thrust it right into its chest, and the light goes out of its eyes. That's true, you have the armor on. He starts to sink, and the body buoys itself back to the top. It's the Mariner's armor that he had the enchantment put over. All righty, that ends Yasha's turn. Nott and Caleb, you guys are up. Against which one? It is still up. As it bursts into it, the flames burn across its system, but its body is damp and slick anyway, so you see the dark black scorch marks, but nothing more than that. Ten misses, unfortunately. Hits the ground behind it, or hits the wall, burns across, and vanishes across the rock. That finishes your go. Nott, you're up. Beau is. That hits. All righty. As you fire this one, it manages to pierce right under its throat, and it turns back towards you and it grabs the harpoon off the ground. As it pulls it back, the blood's gouting out of a major vein or artery in its throat. It tries to get the strength, and as it does, it pulls back and gets woozy, throws it, and it lands maybe two feet from where it grabs it, and with a horrible gurgle falls to the ground. It begins to slip and sink into the water. Disadvantage on this one, though. 15 hits. Nice! That ends Nott's turn. Are you going to move? All right, Cali and Jester. You are conscious. (gasping) You look up and see the faintly illusory image of Jester holding you. Pop! (singing) Roll that attack roll. That hits. Its armor class is 13. All righty. That ends Jester's go. Cali. You are. Yeah, 15-foot cone. As the acid sprays out towards it, it covers the area. Dex saving throw for the merrow as it tries to avoid it. That is a natural three plus zero. That's a failure. Nice! As you finish spraying it down and all the flesh on the outside of its body is beginning to melt away and burn and bubble, it (growls). It's pretty scarred from that immediate spray across the front part of its torso. You see the eye gleaming still with the Light spell. All right, that finishes your turn. Beau, top of the round, you. Okay. All right. As you go for the big sweep, your staff goes (scraping) (thud). Bits of rock and shale is being ground and falling all around you. Exactly, a little snap at the end. Roll for the attack. That hits. Roll damage. 13 points of damage. That's the first strike. Okay. As you spin it this way, it wedges itself from the floor to the ceiling and you have to like-- boom! 15 hits. Ten points of damage. Whack! You crack into it and it hits into its torso. It looks like it's bleeding out of its mouth onto its stomach. It looks really painfully hurt and its eyes are dashing around each way. It looks like it's starting to turn its head towards the area where it emerged. Okay, using a ki point. 12 misses. This time, as you try to punch, it manages to dodge the first one, and the second time you go to swing, one of the pieces of stone that had dislodged slightly from when you had impacted it falls and catches your fist in the middle of the air. It shatters and causes this cloud of dust to cross the creature but your hand fucking hurts! That's it. End of Beau's turn. Fjord, you're up. Back to there, yeah. Go for it. That hits. Yeah, roll damage. How do you want to do this? It's turning around and slithering away. It's about to dive back into the water and probably disappear into a subterranean tunnel that's filled. As you release your hand, both bolts arc outward and slam into it from the back. From the front perspective, it would look like Guyver, how he tears the chest and the beams come out, but instead it's its internal organs being shoved out into the wall and there's two open holes, Tombstone-style, before it hits the water and slithers and sinks down into the small tunnel. The impact hit it and began (sucking). We're out of initiative at this point. Sure. Make a dexterity saving throw to see if you can react quick enough. Sure. It's less of a skill check. It's more of a reactionary thing, so you wouldn't be able to help with it. Five? Okay, you're trying to reach it, but it sunk too low. You're hitting stone and then nothing, just water below. Do you clear the water? You do and you see that the tunnel curves below and evens out. It sunk, hit the bottom sediment, and dragged a little bit and came to rest about maybe 15 feet below the surface. You take a moment to dive under, grab it, and whether through a chain of hands or whatever, because it's pretty heavy. It's a large body, probably weighs close to 800 pounds. So you guys have to all together pull it up, and it takes a few moments to do so. But Jester's pretty beefy. Between the two of you, you eventually get it up back into the chamber. At which point the Friends spell ends, and you can feel an influence that was previously there over your personality. Kiri comes around the corner with the dagger, sees you all standing there (chirping). Runs up to the body there and goes (dagger slice). (like Cali) "I killed people!" Stabs the body a few more times. Okay, who's helming the investigation? Okay, an individual has to helm it. All right. Caleb, you're being aided, so make it with advantage. That wasn't cocked, technically. Oh, did it? Okay. Metal dice. Okay. As you guys are rummaging through with Caleb helming this section, you're going through a bunch of empty crates, partially destroyed crates. Pushing aside the mostly torn apart corpse of this crocodile and ignoring that. You manage to find a number of gold and silver pieces that have been scattered and lost and fallen into the sand. Digging through the natural gravel and sand floor of this chamber, you find that a lot of it has just been buried. They weren't interested in gold pieces. They weren't interested in money. A lot of that was left behind and scattered and has been covered. You take a moment to pull through and you manage to acquire 185 gold, 210 silver pieces, and 65 copper pieces. Correct. You find a bunch of jewelry, necklaces, and rings that are thrown about and lost. Okay. All the jewelry together would come to about, just for purposes of resale, 250 gold worth of jewelry. There are no diamonds in there worth 300 gold, sorry. There are four sets of manacles. The manacles are empty, though they are bloody. Yes, four sets of bloody manacles. No, these do not. These are plain manacles. Roughly, yeah. There are a number of broken vials of some thick purple liquid, but two of them are not broken. You rolled really high on your investigation. So two vials of a thick purple liquid, roughly about that big. It's a thick, oily substance. Nott, you see one thing, helping Caleb out, and you pull it out. It looks to be a well-crafted marble bowl of gold inlay of a curious design. The edges of the bowl shift into five multiple dragon heads, equally separated and in each dragon, the eyes are tiny gemstones. One set's rubies, one set's emeralds, one set's sapphires, one set's diamond. All righty, make a sleight of hand check. Cali, make a perception check. Looking through frantically, you don't see anything there. It gets about five or six feet deep. Make an investigation check with disadvantage. There's one of them that was a three-pronged trident and two that were just long harpoons. They're all hooked at the tips and they had this thick rope cable on the edge that they were using to pull them back in. Just a trident. Yeah, no one noticed. Nobody noticed. Sure. Usually you got to tell me before you roll. That's fine. It's brackish and thick and you don't find much of interest. You do find some bones. Looking through, you find a number of discarded humanoid skeletons. Four of them, to be exact. Fjord. As they're having this conversation, you feel this strange crawling sensation in the back of your head as you're looking past this pool down into the darkness below. Even though it's clear, you can see the ripples, and there's something gently tugging you in that direction, and a familiar voice creeps in, sourceless, within your brain, that says, "Learn." What, the-- No, short rest you can do as many times as you want, yeah. Make a perception check. You went all the way around the other side? No, there's no way. The bowl is magical. It is used as a communion device. When granted with enough blood and given the proper ritual, it's used to acquire auguries, various bits of divination, and communication across the Divine Gate with whatever this Scaled Tyrant may be. It needs enough to fill the bowl. Some sort of communion, that's all you can make out from it. The vials are not magically enchanted. Hold on, Identify should-- Okay. What are you guys doing? You're underwater. Fjord, you're swimming down, going through the darkness, keeping your way there. It goes under for about 30 feet, 40 feet. You're pulling your way across the ceiling as it levels out, curves a bit, straightens. Lungs start to hurt a little bit, but you're still holding your breath okay, pulling your way through this darkness. You pull under, and you're uncertain as to where it'll end, and that brief little peaking fear in the back of your mind, flashes and memories of being under the ocean, of the shipwreck, of looking up and not knowing which direction was up. That gives you this brief surge of vertigo. You stop for a second, and a couple bubbles escape. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw. 21. You push through, continue, swim across, swim. "Learn." You come up, and all of a sudden you can see now, it begins to rise up once more, and you begin to swim up, pull across the front, and then suddenly your fingers break water, but you do so carefully. Take a breath slowly as your head emerges from the dark water in what is a large, darkened chamber. Make a perception check with disadvantage. You see where this 15, 20-foot pool that you've emerged from opens up into this chamber that is filled with low water and a number of divots and pools within. The bars of land are limited and thin. You see from the peripheral of your vision, before it ends at that point, roughly five or six more of these creatures. You see a very faint glow in the distance, a number of objects that are piled and shoved into a central place. You see elements, old pieces of stone structures that have fallen in. This chamber inside here had a built or constructed purpose long ago, and since has crumbled as the earth has shifted. That's as much as you can make out. Okay, cool. Making your way through, now you know the path is there, the confidence because you know there is air eventually helps you push through. You make it halfway through-- It's about 15, 20 feet. You can see the bottom, yeah. You do manage to come out the other side, emerge, and take your breath. Now that you've been through it once, and managed to go through it a little more confidently, you didn't have to worry about holding your breath. (Jester voice) "I'm so proud of you." Mm-hmm. Go ahead. Make a dexterity check, opposed. Disadvantage for you because you weren't expecting it. The bowl leaves your hand. Now Beau's holding it. No, it's faded. She's not being subtle. You throw it on the ground. It rolls off, untouched. All the acid runs off of it, unscathed. Okay. You're going to strike it as you're dispelling it? Is that what you're doing? Okay. You hold your Magician's Judge up, you lift it over your head, and swing it down with all your might. Go ahead and make the check for the Dispel Magic on the sword. It's under the description of the sword on your app. It's a d20 plus-- Not the attack roll; it's under the ability. Yeah, so roll and add three. 13. As you strike downward, there's a brief moment where you see a flash of energy as if the field is temporarily dissipating whatever magical connection this object holds. In that brief, ever-so-subtle instance of time in which this marble bowl is left in a brief blip in history, it is exposed to the elements. The blade carves through and shatters. The glow, (explosion)! For that instance, there is a brief burst of bright green, blue, red, white, black energy that emanates and this low growling rumble. And, with that, the bowl and whatever enchantment it held is gone. It's interesting. As it shattered and while you're having this conversation, there's this static electricity around Yasha. Occasionally, as she brings her hand closer, you watch as these little bolts of energy are arcing through here. As it slowly fades, you can see there's a slight faint glow of the symbol she holds at her belt that eventually goes mundane as well. Make an investigation check to search for where the shards all landed. Okay. Cali climbs the rope, with a brief glimmer of her feet vanishing into the tunnel above. You all settle in to rest and decide what you're going to do with the rest of this chamber, if anything. And that's where we'll end tonight's game. Good drama! It's fun. Oh man. Good game. Mark, thank you for coming on! Yeah, High Rollers is great! Thank you for coming.