Hello, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. Before we jump into tonight's game, we have some quick announcements to get over, but welcome regardless. To get over the announcements, you know, to make it work. First and foremost, we have our fantastic returning sponsor for tonight, our friends for this campaign, D&D Beyond. They've been awesome and, Sam, you have a few things to say? Nailed it. Nailed it in one. Thank you, Sam, and thank you, awesome folks at D&D Beyond. There's a lot of options, lot of-- All right. Moving on. Reminder, if you have Amazon Prime, you can go ahead and combine that with your Twitch account for Twitch Prime, which allows you to subscribe, for free, to a Twitch channel of your choice every month. It doesn't cost you anything and you get to support your favorite channel out there, so check it out if you haven't yet. Critical Recap of course is now available. Our fantastic Dani Carr hosts a recap of the campaign two so far. It updates every week with the episodes. If you haven't seen the one that was earlier today, actually at the start of the art reel, well, you're probably going to be out of place if you didn't watch last episode, but you can check out recaps or send it to your friends who want to get updated into the campaign quickly and watch live with us, if they want to, to check out Critical Recap. Talks Machina, our talk after-show about this show is every Tuesday at 700pm Pacific, and the episode about tonight's episode will be next Tuesday at 700pm Pacific time. Our fantastic host, Brian W. Foster, and a few of us will be there to join and talk about the events of this evening, so check it out then on Twitch and Project Alpha. We are, of course, all leaving tomorrow to fly to the fantastic city of Chicago for C2E2, so looking forward to seeing a bunch of you Critters out there for that. We’ll have panels and signings, it's going to be great. We're excited, and we’ll see you guys there in a couple days. Vox Machina Origins, issue six, the last comic of this six-issue run, finishes soon. The date is April 18th. April 18th will be the release of the final issue of this arc. Spoilers. Yeah, it's a bit anachronistic with the campaign, it's weird. The print edition will be available as an anthology of the entire six-issue run soon. We'll have details on that as soon as they’re available, but on April 18th, check out the final issue of the run. I hope you enjoy it. All right, let’s see. Other than that, we have a fantastic charity, 826LA. Definitely check it out if you haven't had a chance. 826 is all over the country. They do great work for teaching creative writing for young adults and children. They do fantastic work. Check it out if you haven't. See if you can volunteer, or if not, help donate. They're amazing. And I believe that's all for tonight's update, which means that brings us to tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] (laughter) All right, so, 25 to 20? 21? All right. Let’s see here. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? All right, so we have Molly, then we have Caleb and Nott together. All right. Who's next? I guess I should say. What'd you roll? All righty. At the top, we've got Jester. All right. So. Top of the combat round, as it pulls its jagged blade out of its side and darts forward in the direction of the group, Beau, you actually have the first reaction. Seeing this happen, you immediately jump into action, and what's your turn? Don’t have time to react. What are you doing? You look over at Jester, who is holding Caleb up and is not even paying attention. You're like, "Shit!" It's athletics-based. All righty. So go ahead and make your athletics check. You actually beat him. Wow. That was a five plus ten on that one. That was a 15. So you wrap the rope around and, immediately, it's grappled in place, unable to move. Although its arms are free, it cannot seem to pull itself away from you. So that's your action-- that's your attack. Go for it. Roll for an attack. 16 does not hit. You swing, and the head ducks out of the way. It swings wide and it glides against the edge of the leather mask, but makes no impact. Correct. All right, that ends your turn, Beau. The dark figure, arm looking at you, and looking out in the middle of the space, concentrates for a second, puts its hand without the blade in it-- actually, it would be this one, because it's right-handed-- focuses for a second. As it does, you watch as this tiny bead of darkness appears in the center of the area and expands until a sphere of pitch-black light completely engulfs this space, and none of you can see into it or past it. You are blind within this sphere, and you guys see the whole hallway, it consumes the creature and Beau. Yep. That's going to end its turn. That brings us to Molly. Okay. So if anything comes within range that you want to attack-- The minute you see something, Vicious Mockery, got it. Okay, all right, so you draw your blade out, you take the damage, and you prepare Vicious Mockery. Got it. All right. That ends your turn, Molly. Caleb and Nott. You guys are up on the same turn. TRAVIS AND Yeah. Okay. As the globules go in, they blink out. Did you send all of the globules in there? Okay. The two blink out. The two remain there, but the other two you sense that they're no longer in existence. You have two globes lighting up the area now. It's low light in here. All right. Frumpkin peeks in. All right. Cool. That ends your turn. Nott, what are you doing? You do not sense a reply. But for the hell of it, go ahead and make a persuasion. Okay. Good to know. Perfect. Finishing, Nott, do you want to move anywhere? Not in this area, no. You'd have to get over here to hide. There you go. Good to know. That finishes Nott and Caleb's turn. Jester, you're up. You. Okay. Good to know. You're prepping the spell. That ends your turn. Fjord, you're up. Unless you want to move at all. Okay, good to know. Fjord, you have Armor of Agathys on. You cast that reactionary last time, so what are you doing? All right. You stop as soon as you come to the other side. As you rush past, there's a (swoosh) in the darkness. That is going to be a 25 to hit. It did roll very high. So that is ten points of slashing damage. But he takes damage back, right? As you run by, the blade strikes. You manage to feel it glide off your ice armor and you feel the blast of ice energy. You, Beau, as you're holding the rope, feel this spray of dark cold and you wince at it in the darkness. But that gets you on the other side. Sure. Okay. You glance over in the area. In the darkness, the light's fading at this point, but you have darkvision. You don't see any other figure. Sure. Waiting on the opposite side. You got it. All right. That brings it up to the top. Beau, you're up. Try and shove, you mean? Well, if you have someone grappled, you can pull them at half movement. This way or this way? Okay, so you manage to push it out of it, right there, and you're both outside of the darkness. Yeah, it's through the darkness. Beau, that's your movement. You still have an action if you want. I'll say as you swing, he manages to loosen the grip a little bit and the rope comes a little bit loose. If it attempts to break your grapple, it's going to have advantage on it. At the beginning of its turn, it's now grappled up in front of you. It pulls its blade with both of its hands and its head turns back towards you, now that you're the one who's been pushing it out, and it begins to unleash two heavy strikes against you. That's another 25 and that's going to be an 18. Both hit, okay. That's going to be 20 points of slashing damage from the two strikes. As the first blade impacts across the front of Beau's chest, there's this strange grayish flash of energy that seems to scatter from the impact of the blow, and it congeals off to the side, and you watch as this, for lack of a better term, a shadow clone of the creature appears off to the side, behind Fjord, there. It looks semi-corporeal. It's still holding the blade, it has the same armor, but it's somewhat translucent and made of this dark grayish shadow energy. Also, Beau, you feel the second blow that hits you, it seems to carve a letter or some kind of a symbol on your chest as it pulls back, and as it does, you feel this burning singe, and you look down. There's this glowing brand on your chest. It's not burned into the skin, it appears to be magically placed, but you have a brand on your chest that you don't recognize. That's going to end its turn. Molly, you're up. Yeah, you've heard them impact. It's just darkness, but you hear yelling and shouting and then talking back and forth and then Beau taking damage and this strange shifting of energy in the distance. What are you doing? 30. You get to the edge of it. You can barely peek out. You can continue to move, but it'll be your action to continue to move. Okay, good to know. That is wisdom, right? That's an 18. I'm pretty sure that passes. The Vicious Mockery seems to be unaffected by your demonic voice. Sorry. He looks pretty wounded already, like bleeding out the side. It’s your choice in what you want to do. But he's really powerful, but really hurt. That finishes your turn, Molly? Caleb, Nott, what’re you doing? This way? Okay, sounds good. All right, Jester. Oh no, it hasn't come yet. You're right You see Caleb and Jester there and this curl of darkness-- Yeah, you hear all the sounds happening and the shouting and the impact-- You hear them around that corner. That's all you know. That's as far as you can get with your movement. You could bonus if you want to move around. From there you can see your friends. You can see Fjord. You can see the creature. You can see the shadow form out of the side. You can see Beau, with a hint of Molly poking out of the darkness. All right, go for it. Roll for an attack. A 20 hits. Roll damage. Okay, you watch as it dissipates. The impact hits it, and you see it react slightly, and then vanish into vapor. All right, Jester, you're up. It does. You cast the spell and then hold the very last moment, waiting to release it, and then if it doesn't happen, the spell expends. I'm sorry. Sure. (counting) 30. You can just manage to see Nott at the corner of it, and that's about as much as you can see. The rest of it’s just darkness still encompassing the corner. 25 or 30? You could get either of those spaces there, if you want to. Right there, all right. So now you can see it, but that's your movement and your action. Does that end your turn? All right. Fjord, you're up. You do have a bonus, yeah. All right, Beau, it's your turn. No, it's Fjord's turn, sorry. You can. Go for it, roll for an attack. You are technically on opposite sides, so I would say flanked. I'd allow it. 24. That hits. Roll damage. Same damage. If you bring it to zero, they go unconscious, not bleeding out. 12 points of damage. Whack! You swing across and slam it from the back of its armor and (grunts) you hear this exhale of pain out of its throat. As it hits, it spins around and you watch as that same energy that came out earlier when it struck Beau, the blow that you hit it dissipates into the same energy and then forms into another shadow version of it behind you. He's taken damage. He's getting hurt, he's hurt pretty bad. Does that finish your turn? All right. Top of the round, Beau, you're up. Okay. Unfortunately, you need a feat, the Grappler feat, to then pin somebody. Go for it, roll for an attack. The 19 does hit. 12? Nice. So as you crack across the head, you watch the helmet slip a little bit. You can see a little bit of the jaw beneath the mask now and the skin itself has a dark blue, purple color. You see white teeth that have pretty prominent incisors visible. You're just shouting, yeah. All right, Beau, is that the end of your turn? All right, it is now the creature's turn. The creature is going to swing one strike at Beau in front. Disadvantage. Well, you prevented a natural 20, that's good. So that's 19. Still hits. That is-- Ten points of slashing damage. Beau falls to the ground unconscious. The rope goes loose. At which point, the creature turns around towards you, Fjord. As you focus on its face you feel this swing from behind as the shadow version is going to try-- That's going to be 21. That is nine points of slashing damage and it vanishes. The impact, the actual blow hits and discards itself into the impact of the blow. Let's see here. It's now going to swing forward and head over to make a strike at you. 15 does not hit. Did you amplify it? Okay, that brings it to 19. Okay, that is eight points of slashing damage. That's a constitution saving throw for that one, is it? That's a 12. What's your DC on that? What's your charisma bonus? All right, so your DC with that would be 11. So yeah, it succeeds. It takes half-damage. You still do damage. 2d10. Four points, all right. You see this blast of ice come out as you're shouting Infernal at it. It strikes into the armor and pierces parts of its shoulder as it (grunts). It goes limp for a certain point, you see it flex angrily. It's looking really rough. As the attack hits you, another one appears over there. Eight. All righty, that's going to end its turn. Molly you're up. Yep. That's actually not true. It's double damage. That's both the weapon and the-- As a reaction, he's going to use Transpose Echo and shift over with that guy. You watch as suddenly there's a shimmy of shadow energy and he switches places with the shadow version of himself. You end up striking the shadow thing, which is dissipated from the impact. (counting) You do. Yeah, you can flank him actually. So you strike the one. Angrily spin around and then catch it behind, where you see him appear. Filling the spot where his shadow clone was. That hits, roll damage. Five points of damage. How do you want to do this? As you spin the sword around, coming down (crack) you hit across the side of the head and the body collapses and falls to the ground unconscious. The darkness vanishes. No. All right, so as you all-- Unconscious. You strip him of everything he has. There's the armor you pull off, there's the blade and the sheath. There's a pair of dark, jagged black boots that are pretty cool, three daggers that are all hidden in pockets in the armor, and a pouch that is hidden within the plating of the leather armor that is filled with quite a few coin if you go and inspect within. So that gets you 116 platinum pieces. Yes. And 12 gold pieces. Ten gold. No, they are standard imperial platinum. There is also the dodecahedron that is the slow undulating gray glow that he was holding, before dropping it and rushing towards you. To which object? Okay. You focus on it for a bit. It is definitely magic. The magic contained is outside of the parameters of the spell. You're not entirely certain what it's capable of. There's something alien about its magic source that your Identify spell is unable to pierce. As you focus more and more on it, your brain begins to open up into, what feels like, space. Endless expanse and it begins to scare you. Just the endless infinity of nothingness and you pull back and (gasp), "Oh that's... interesting." It seems very powerful, whatever it is. But you don't know quite how it works. Do you want to continue and concentrate on it? Okay. Sure. You took the helmet off when you took the armor off. The helmet is part of the armor. The armor is very well made. With the armor removed, you can see the deep blue, somewhat purple colored skin. It resembles, actually, you if a bit darker. Whitish gray hair that goes just past the shoulders. It was tied up in a tight bun into the helmet and tumbles past once it was pulled off. Dark elf, definitive drow. Correct, what you thought you saw the fingers dipped in the color was actually just gloves that didn't have the fingers covered. It is a male, yes. The more you think on it, the more you know there's more to this device. It scares you, but there was something you were close to there. Something you were close to learning. You're not sure what lies beyond that threshold. You keep thinking on it. It's up to you. Okay, he's still unconscious. There’s blood curling out the mouth and nose. He is beaten. No. Well, the main character of the book was. The Julous Dominion was what once ruled the Marrow Valley. So yeah. So the main character was not Xhorhasian. They were a general in the army of Julous. Which was-- Yeah, the Julous Dominion. Which as during the conflict, before the Dwendalian Empire conquered it. Right. You're maybe 150 feet from entrance of where you came down and you're a few hundred feet from the way that leads back up into the city, of the Interstead Sprawl. Make a perception check. Plus no. Okay. You look past and you can see some folks darting back and forth occasionally across the end of the alleyway. Otherwise you just see the dark, shadowed walls and the dark sky above with the cloud cover. No one seems to be immediately coming towards it for the time being. Okay. It takes a few moments, but eventually, he (mumbling) (grunts). Spits out a bit of blood on to the front of his chest and the rope and (grunts) (speaks in Undercommon) And so you've cast-- The essence is "Stupid empirical scum. You'll get nothing." Make a, I'll say a persuasion check, because you haven't technically allied yourself with the empire entirely, though you are part of the empire. You, specifically, are not part of the empire. You did not grow up here. His eyes narrow towards you and still bears the incisor fangs. (breathes heavily) The right eyebrow curls up into a very confused expression. (sounds of disgust) As you're shoving this pastry into his face, you can see right now, he appears demoralized, ready to lash out at the first moment's notice, and has seemed to have calmed a bit from the confusion of the displays in front of him, but doesn't seem to be buying into any of what you're saying at the moment. "I can understand this." (gasps) That is a... That would be a nine. That does not succeed. Okay. You watch the eyes gloss over for a second. Wait, hold on a second. Where's my Player's Handbook? Do you have it real fast? Here I'll grab this one real fast. Double-check one more thing. I am trying to confirm. One of the racial traits of the elves, if I recall, is they have-- Yep. Advantage on saving throws on being charmed. I do. That's going to be a 12. It's eight plus-- yeah. 13. Still fails. All righty. So as the eyes glass over for a minute, the snarling and the tension in the muscles relax for a minute. "Untie me." "You rushed me and began to assault me." He keeps looking at you. It's ignoring the rest of them. It goes, "What happened to the "Beacon?" "The Beacon." It looks around. Right. It's just glancing about. "Yes. Very." "We are here to retrieve the Beacon from the empirical bastards in Zadash. We had it. I have "it. I don't know what happened to my companion, but, so far, I am successful. And I need it." "The beacon is part of our culture. The beacon allows the rebirth." "Of our people." It doesn't even pay attention to Beau. "The Beacons are sacred. I have lived four lifetimes. As long as the Beacons remain, me and "my people will live more." "We do." "The souls continue. With each rebirth, the memories retain." "What is the intention of the empire?" "We live. We worship. We learn. We die. We are reborn until we are perfect." "We find more Beacons." "No. That was my companion." You see at this point, now, as friendly as it has been, there's this look of, "I might be saying too much and I don't trust the most of you still.” "That's all right." "For this mission, just the two of us. We had help, but..." "Out. Of the city." "I've said too much. Either kill me or let me go." "You cannot trust anybody in this city. You cannot trust yourselves. Anyone who has not bound "themselves. They are the enemy." There's a moment of very tightly closed eyes. The jaw clenches as he looks about. "I cannot. Our allies in the empire are short on the list." That would be an insight check. Sure. 13. He's not in a very strong place. The charm spell is-- "And give me the beacon." "No." Sure. 14. Kind of hard to read on this one. "I will strike you down where you stand and take it. It's too important." Yeah, I'll say. Yeah. Why not? SAM and 21. "And you'll leave the beacon? Free me. Give me the beacon." "You give it back. We go our separate ways. I run." He didn't seem to flinch. Okay, as you pull the cloth up and look, the grey light energy spills out from underneath, and you watch as it looks over, and it can see it now. Its eyes go wide, and you feel the soft undulating low hum to it. Okay, you match the tone. As you do, he's like (growling). Okay, it taps. It sounds like you're tapping some sort of a stone or rock. No, it does not. (sighs) This long, heavy sigh. Hearing all this conversation and not knowing who to trust, even in spite of your spell. "Thuron." "Then walk away." The name itself does have meaning in Undercommon. It is a name. No. The nuance to the word, from what you can best understand, is-- it means "blessed second "born" is the best I can find the right words for it. "It was taken from Xhorhas." (chuckles darkly) Grins and looks up. "From your fucking wizards." "I don't know the details." "I was just sent to retrieve it. I don't know all the answers." "By my empress." "You don't know much, do you?" "Empress Leylas Krynn." You did. Question was? No, actually, that one is a proper name. Well, the Marrow Valley is in the empire. You guys are in the Dwendalian Empire. Xhorhas is to the east of here. It's the wastes to the east of the Ashkeeper Peaks. He nods, slowly. He stares at you, confused. "But you will give me the beacon?" Yeah, you returned them. Okay, are you fraying it with your sword? The-- (trails off and chuckles) The moment the rope breaks-- I know. But as you begin to pull, you notice that, all this time that's been happening, the ropes in the back have gotten looser and looser. He uses that point to grab the blade and swing around and pull it up against you. "I'm sorry, I need your help." He's not cutting him, he's just grabbing, going, "I'm sorry, I need your help," and is holding you now against the wall, looking at the rest of you, and says, "Leave me." He pushes you off. He rushes over and pushes the cloth off the beacon real fast, picks it up and holds it. Goes over and starts picking up the armor. He puts on the armor. Puts on the mask. Puts on the leg armor. Takes the beacon. Turns around and darts deeper into the sewers. Other shit you have, yes. Yeah. You hear a shout in the distance. In the direction that you're traveling, echoing down that way. And you see a flash of firelight, torchlight in the distance. You hear a (hiss) and the sound of weapons clanging-- Yeah, in the direction he went. And then it goes quiet, and you hear voices say, "We got him! We got him!" And other voices, and around the corner up ahead you can see a little bit of torchlight flickering against the wall. Okay. Hand me the object, please. The item sheet. SAM and Doesn't work that way. All right. There's some other muffled voices down the way. It's back to the Tri-Spires. You hear footsteps. You guys manage to head back up into the Tri-Spires, back into the alleyway. As you close and lock the thing behind, a voice in the back of the alley-- you guys watch as two crownsguard approach and go, "Hey! You!" And both pull their swords to hold out in front, and one guy in the back, a third one arrives with a crossbow up to you guys and says, "Hands up, weapons." This would be all of you guys as you got out of the sewer. "What's your business?" (chuckles) I will say, since it wasn't a single person, I'm going to ask for a deception roll from both of you, since you were the first two to speak up. Yeah, don't get advantage. Roll one more. And you rolled a-- They take a moment. "Get out, we're investigating." They move in, and they don't take their arms off of you. They get behind you and move you out of the alley, into the street, and begin pushing you guys in the direction of the outer wall of the Tri-Spires. "We don't have any information at this time, just get out, we're still checking. Please." You see the tower, still listing but held in place. There's this flickering arcane energy underneath it that occasionally a wave goes (whooshing) that's holding it aloft. You can see crownsguards are now-- some are shifting in the streets, going and weaving through the buildings, and there's a bunch at the actual exterior wall, and they eventually push you through, and lead you into the central part of the city. They pushed you away, and you guys are now in the Interstead Sprawl. No, you have not been paid. Who are the two that are keeping point, leading you guys to the Song and Supper? Make a perception check, please. Make a perception check. I did. 14, okay. You catch it first, and you corroborate it. As you guys are heading down the road, near the sewer exit where you guys were previously, there's a commotion gathering on the side of the street. There is a crowd gathering now, and you hear gasps and people starting to shout. You can see now, crownsguard are coming out of the sewer, and they're dragging the dead body of the dark elf that you had seen below, and throw it onto the ground. People are like (gasps), and they're looking at it, and some folks are talking. "I've never seen one up close like this." There's this murmur in the crowd as all about the guards are like, "Don't worry, don't worry. Both of them "are dead. You're safe now, thanks to the might and the trust of the empire. The king keeps you safe." You do see it being held by one of the guards in one of his hands, yeah. Two of the guards pick the body up, and one of them puts it over his shoulder, and all of them cluster together as the crowd follows them. Some of them are taking sticks and poking at the body as it goes. The guards are like, "Please, stop, no." They're heading in the direction of the King's Hall, it looks like. Okay. So you move and weave into the crowd. You push up and look, and the body has deep lacerations all through the torso and back. It looks like they cut him until they were sure he was dead. They're heading down the street right now, they're turning the corner heading down to the main thoroughfare. You can if you want to. (laughs) Okay. Okay. Make an acrobatics check, just for the hell of it. Just to see how fast you get up there. 16? And make a stealth check, please. All right. As you dart off onto the rooftop like Batman, you just vanish amongst the night sky. And you? Okay. Make a deception check. This is as you falling forward, "Ah!" and make a scene. This is just to see how-- Okay. So the guy's-- as you fall in front of him, he's like, "Please, miss, move away." And two of the guards rush forward and start picking you up and shoving you off to the side. More people are coming out now and gathering the crowd around, to see them pull this dead Crick through the street. Word's getting around and people are-- Okay, I will say make a dexterity check, if you don't mind. Just a straight dexterity check. 21! You barely manage to--Your foot doesn't quite reach, but your tail does. As it scoops around his ankle (yelps). He falls back and lands-- And you are disguised as--? Okay. Okay! Okay. And you catch it. The guy starts getting back up. He grabs you by the front of your armor and goes, "You need to get out of our way." Okay. That guy pushes you off-- He starts looking around the ground. Okay, roll a stealth check, because you're holding a glowing, undulating device. It's like a deep grey. 14? Okay. You may. So there's two of them, currently. What's your spell DC? What's your intelligence modifier? Okay, so it'd be 13, would be your spell DC. Okay. I will say that the two guards that noticed you leave with the object, even though they're coming over to be like (confused stuttering). They see the other object over there, and they both get confused and look at the two. As they're standing, trying to figure out what to do, they both split. One goes for the object over there; one goes for Caleb. He's catching up to you and goes like, "Hey! Hey. We're going to the-- We're going to the hall of the king." "Right, right. Well, come on." And the two of you turn around; he guides you to turn around. You're now walking, trailing behind. All right. Some other townsfolk are starting to, like, walk up to get a look at this object now that the crownsguard are holding. So, you're off, you're behind the group. The large cluster is moving maybe about 60, 70 feet ahead of you now. You are back-- when it was turning onto the main street is where all this transpired. So you're a little bit off, past the corner of where they are. They're just starting to curve out of sight. And you are walking with the guard now in that direction, slowing down. The other object that you caused the illusion of is the other way, and the guard has about 100 feet or so to walk to get to it. And he's partway there and he hasn't quite learned what the scenario is. Okay. What's the saving throw on it? Is there a saving throw? Oh, all right, cool. Yeah. And he is not currently hostile towards you. Make a deception check, with advantage. 15? As soon as you say that-- Oh, shit! Thank god for Friends. As soon as you say that blew the hole in the tower, you watch him take an instinctual step back. "Right. I'll go catch up." "Right." He darts ahead, looking over his shoulder as he starts to try and join up with the crowd. Make another stealth check, because there's other folk now that are coming out and are seeing this. The other guard has just now gotten up to the illusion. No. There's the other guard that was paired with him that went off to go after the illusion that Nott had created. What spell is this? Yeah, so as it drifts up in the air, the guard goes, "Uh." Looks around. All the about 17 or so townsfolk had began to converge to look up at it. They're all like, "Ooh." They're all excited looking at it. It's definitely distracting the current group. The one guard there is like, "Go, back! Back!" to everybody. He's starting to look nervous, because he doesn't know why it's lifting up, and he's uncertain about what's happening. You make a stealth check. You're only getting it because they're distracted by that. To try and duck into the alley unseen. You're not quite close enough. So you duck into the alleyway, not sure if you've been seen. All right. What are the rest of you guys doing? All right. Right. So you guys go behind. As you begin to approach, you can see there are two teenage kids, a boy and a girl, that are dressed nice enough. Both are like, "Did you see what he was "holding? I want to see it." They both go into the alleyway after Caleb as well. In this alleyway? There's no immediate door. It looks like there's a solid wall on one side, and an arch that leads into a small walkway that leads between the buildings. If you keep going, then it splits off into a T intersection of alleyways, right or left. You take a left? All right. So you land and they both go, "Ah!" "Uh-- uh--" Make an intimidation check. With advantage. With advantage because you just dropped down from the sky. Okay. The two kids go (scoffs). "It's not worth it. Come on." The girl, (sniffs) "Fine." They both turn and walk away, kicking the dirt a little bit. Perfect. Okay. All right, so you guys dart off into another alleyway. You still do hear guards shifting, but you start hearing other people are talking. People are starting to go back to their homes. They're whispering to each other. Listening in, you hear phrases being said, like, "The city's on lockdown. This is crazy. I'm supposed to be leaving tomorrow!" You start hearing whispers about the gala, and like, "How many people were killed?" "Oh, I heard like 100 people were murdered." "Serves them right, those fucking rich bastards." You know, passing conversations. It's now, the buzz of the town, even this late at night, as people are now either emerging to see the scene, or are returning to their homes, seeing what they have. But the crowd has dissipated, or at least the crowd has moved on towards the King's Hall, and are probably in the process of trying to figure out what the fuck happened to the object they were carrying. You guys manage to dart off to the side of the is the eastern end of the Interstead Sprawl. You aren't apparently followed at the moment, but you're still holding this glowing-- It's about that large. It's got two handles on each side. It looks like you're carrying a lantern. All right, so at this point now, the guard, who's down below, has called over like four other guards and they're all at the bottom of it. Some of them are getting their crossbows ready to shoot if it does something. As it swells and then behinds to drip, they all start backing away. The guards start pushing people away. The guy that was originally carrying it, with seven other guards, begins to approach the cluster. They have broken off from the procession with the elf body, and they've now joined up with the other guard. He's like, "There it is! Stay back; stay back." They're all nervously waiting for this thing, dripping, and doing nothing, and they're all scared. It does, and there's a brief moment as everyone holds their breath. And you hear a couple of local townsfolk go (scattered applause and cheers). (laughter) (dopey guard voice) "I don't know. It just flew in the air, grew big, and then made sauce and "disappeared." Okay, you manage to catch up. You dart past two teenage kids that are cursing to each other. They're both like, "Yeah, that woman was such a bitch," as they pass by. Yeah. (laughter) All right, so the two of you are making your way to the Leaky Tap. Song & Supper, right. The rest of you guys are going to the Leaky Tap, but finding a box on the way you said? At this point, it's past midnight, and most of the market is closed. You do still have a glowing beacon in your hand. It does cover it up. It's a very faint bit of glow that comes through the fabric, but it's enough where it probably won't be noticeable from a distance. It's possible. None of you are very well-versed in the ways of blacksmithing or lead objects, so-- Yeah. There's no looters, no. No, and at this point now, the streets are fairly barren of crownsguard. They’ve all-- aside from the cluster that you saw moving through, there's a whole bunch at the perimeter gates of the Tri-Spire, and where they would normally be posted at the different corners of the streets, they are not. All right, so you two are heading to the Song and Supper. Okay, and you guys are heading to the Leaky Tap? All right. So you head back. While you guys are heading that direction, you head to the Song and Supper. You manage to make your way there. It's still open. It's fairly empty on the inside, there's only two patrons that are present at this hour. It seems like the commotion has drawn most of what clientele would have been in there at the moment, and there’s only two patrons that are both halfway into their cups, and pretty drunk or tired at this point. But you look around and you don't see Dolan, you don't see Horris, you don't see Kara. Yeah, there is the general barkeep there, which would be-- Clay Owens. Yeah, he's a balding, portly gentleman, middle age or so. As you walk in, he, "Aye, can I "get you something?" "All right. Crazy night, from what I'm hearing." "Aye, certainly. Here you go." "No? No. Oh no, Ulog was in earlier this evening." "He was here for a while, and then left with some friends. Think Dolan and his boy were in for "a bit. They rushed out in a hurry about an hour ago?" "Just the two of them." "No, they just up and left. Figured they were done for the evening. They looked a bit hurried." "Maybe. You could probably go to their home. That's usually where they practice out of." "Better get there soon, then. It's kind of late." MARISHA and "No worries, here's your drink." He gives you the shot. "I don't-- That’ll be a silver." He goes "I-- uh--" "Thank you kindly!" "Of course!" He tucks it away. "Thank you!" Okay, as you guys quietly make your way towards Dolan's house, as you approach, there's no light from the inside. Make a perception check, both of you. Nice! You both notice there is a quick bit of movement on the inside even though the lights are out. There's a moment pause and the door opens up very quickly with just enough space to let you in. Do you go in? Okay, you head inside. It's dark in there, but you have your dark vision, so you look around and it looks like Dolan and Horris are both in there. Horris has a candle light with a side hood that's keeping it contained to a small area. Dolan goes, "Oh, thank god you're okay! We're trying-- "We don't know what to do." "Through the bedroom." "Okay." Horris is in the process of taking things and putting them into a sack. They are basically rapidly-- "We can't stay here!" "If they trace anything back to us, they're going to string us up in front of the tower." "Great, so now we have a murder on our hands, too." Horris goes, "Keep your mouth down! Please!" "At this point, that doesn't even matter. We can't--" "Yes, but if there is any chance they can bring that back to us-- maybe we leave town for a "short time. Maybe just go." Make a persuasion check. 15. He goes, "You're right, we should--" And Horris goes, "No! What, do you want them to go "ahead and throw us in the dungeon? Is that what you want? I understand what you're saying, but "none of us knew that the High-Richter was going to be dead! I'm sure they have ways of tracing that "back. What good--" And Dolan goes, "Calm down. Please. Maybe he's right, maybe they don't have a "way to bring it back. If we see this through--" Horris takes the satchel and sets it on the table, puts the candle below it and walks up, grabs the side of Dolan's shoulders, and says, "I "understand, but I don't want to lose you, and this scares the shit out of me." They both take a moment and look at each other. Horris looks at you and says, "I think you're right. Neither of us "know how to talk our way out of the guards if they come by, we're not good liars." Horris nods. "Okay. Then we stay." And Dolan says, "No, I stay. Just in case things go wrong, I "want you safe and gone. If this is to be turned around, I'm the one they're going to look to. I’m "the one who actually has the political influence here. I'm the one who can talk and make a "difference, if that is to be done in the next few days, or the next week. If you can just, for a "while, trust me and just leave. Is that okay?" He looks to you, and Horris kind of-- "Fine, but I'll come back soon." Dolan nods. "Okay. I'm good. Sorry, Horris, I don't need you for this. It would be stupid for "both of us, should anything go wrong, to be taken, swept up by this. Okay? Trust me." She's still out back. Horris rushes off and opens the back door. Make an investigation check. There's piles of trash that are pushed in the corner. You look through and you don't find anything that catches your interest. Of course. I don't have Kara's, but I have ours and I have Ulog's. He left that with us before he left tonight. Yes. He let you in at this point. Horris brought you in. He points over, too, and you can see there's a smaller sack and a larger one that's more of a backpack that seems to the be one that Ulog left. He goes, "Take them, please. That's of no use to us." At this point, Horris is letting Beauregard in, and knowing that it's just the two of you, he puts his hand on your shoulder and says, "Keep him safe. Get him out if you can, please.” "I don't know. Just out of the city. Just out of the city for a week. That's all I ask." A cart rolls by and they all get very quiet. "Maybe. Okay." "Invasion? I'm confused." Horris slaps the shoulder of Dolan and says, "I told you there was something up with that guy." "I just didn't trust him. I mean, it took a while for us to be okay with each other, but he "was always on edge." "That's something." "Anywhere I could help change the law of the town." Make an insight check. 11. Hard to read, but he seems forthright. "I will. Thankfully, when all this went down, we were both in the Song and Supper, so at "least we have an alibi. I've just never done something like this before. Pardon my nerves." You see his hands are literally shaking, and you see notice now he is very nervous. "I will." He goes off to the corner and pulls out a small glass bottle of liquor. He comes over, and him and Horris give a very tight hug to each other, and then separate. Dolan sits down, puts the drink on the table. “Thank you." "Go." Horris comes with you guys towards the Leaky Tap. You guys make your way to the Leaky Tap. Okay. Okay, so you will cast--? Oh, from Sutan's house, I got you. Yeah. Here you go. A sending stone. One of two. You do not know where the other one is. No, not that. That was a gate stone. This is essentially a means of communicating between two stones. You head down into the basement area beneath the Leaky Tap. Once again, the guard is pretty sparse. You’ll see one guard walk past, but their numbers seem to have been ushered elsewhere in the city. So you make it down there and you take enough time that you eventually get the lock back open that you left. You head down into basement. It's exactly how you left it. Make a medicine check. A seven? Hard to tell. I mean, just looking at the level of decomposition, it's been here a while. Make a medicine check to see if you can ascertain the creature type. It definitely doesn't appear to be anything beyond humanoid. The size, the shape of the skeleton, it's a standard humanoid skeleton, but you’re not able to tell anything beyond that. That's upstairs. Okay. Make a general survival check to pull things from the surrounding-- Sure. You look at it, the job he did, and you’re like, "Yeah, I can probably do a little better." It’s fine. Essentially, you didn’t do a masterful job in completely camouflaging it, but it looks like it’s the rest of the objects that looks dusty and left there. There were some barrels. There was an open crate with nothing in it. It’s a dusty, unused cellar. So you hide it up and put it off to the side. You look in the crate? You look inside and see a fairly rat-eaten sack of rice grains that have spilled out. As well as a lot of rat droppings in the crate. It looks like some of the wood at the bottom has been chewed through as well. Anything else, guys? All right. It is, yes. It’s in the alley. While this is happening-- Okay. As you’re holding it there, it’s strangely warm to the touch. The more time you spend with it holding it there. Yeah. Okay. Let me see here. Okay. Yep. So you head back up into the Leaky Tap Tavern. There’s a handful of patrons, a lot of them are talking or whispering about the events tonight. Talking about, "The tower’s still up "there! It’s crazy!" The general conversation-hubbub through the room. "Probably in her office." Okay. "Who is it?" "Um, w-what do you want?" "I did not know that. My apologies." "No, not on me. Well-- "Come back in the morning, I might have something for you." "No, I am busy at the moment." "Everything is just fine." "I'm fine. Do not worry." "It is currently in use, but I can swap it out. How long do you need it for?" "Okay, then come back in the morning. I will have it cleared out." "Then it will be at use for you." "No." "I'm okay." Okay. It's locked. Make a perception check with disadvantage because you are looking through a tiny little gap in the floor. Nine? You see there's light in there and you can see Claudia darting back and forth behind her desk, moving very rapidly and with haste. Is grabbing things and seems to be writing something feverishly. But you don't actually see her, you just see the bottom of her feet moving back and forth. She stops in the space. "Um, I'm--" "Everything's fine." "I heard about it." Make a persuasion check. 15. The door opens up and you can see Claudia looking as pristine as ever. Hair, makeup, everything done perfectly. "Come in, quickly." Closes the door, brings you inside. "I am aware that you and your team were involved in something this evening. Am I correct?" "But you are not in any way, shape or form perhaps doing a burglary and job breaking in for "the Knights of Requital, yes?" Make a deception check. She looks at you confused and goes, "Well, regardless, your friends are involved in something "that as a precaution, as I have been housing certain meetings out of friendship with an "individual, there is danger that I might be pulled up in this. So I am preparing to sell off the tavern." "It will only draw attention to me." She walks over and finishes tidying paperwork on the side. Make a general charisma roll. Just for the hell of it. Ten? She goes, "To a friend." (sighs) She kneels down at the side of the room and there's a cloth put over a small table, like an end table, and she removes the flowers from it, pulls the cloth off and it's a safe. "Out of iron. What else would you make a safe out of?" She pulls out a key and unlocks it, brings out a couple of bags of coin, brings out a couple other bags of something. You don't hear any noise, the rustling as she pulls it out. Sets them off to the side, looks at you while she does so the whole time like-- "Here’s your safe." Hands it to you. It's small. It's heavy, but you're pretty strong. "All right." "Probably." "Well, I like you too. But that's okay. Don't worry. The woman I'm selling this to is also "a very good person and a good friend." There's a brief pause, glances over at the paperwork on the table-- "Lauren. Lauren Schvine." It is. "I appreciate the information. I should be okay." "Good night." "Not a problem." She watches and waits, sees you smiling, arms crossed on the desk, patiently waiting. The door closes behind you and you hear a (heavy sigh) audibly on the other side of the door. So as the rest of you begin to catch up and gather for the evening, we're going to take a break! (cheering) Not all of them. There’s a lot of interesting ways that could have gone. All right, so we have the black walnut deck box from our friends at Wyrmwood here. Also, apparently comes with a Magic the Gathering pack. These have been in all the boxes so you get a little gift in there. This will go out to one winner. You have to enter Twitch chat, starting now. You can only put the word in once, or you'll be disqualified, but the word tonight is "Threats." T-H-R-E-A-T-S. Come into the Twitch chat, enter that. Once again, only, unfortunately, available to people in the United States and Canada, excluding Quebec. We're trying to figure out how to fix that in the future, but weird laws in giveaways. Anyway, we'll be back here in a few minutes. Much love and we'll see you soon. [break] There you go. We have a winner. The winner for this evening is Iraginger. Iraginger, congratulations. We'll get that box to you ASAP. Well done. All right, so, bringing us back into the game, you all begin to converge back in the Leaky Tap. The party has reassembled, aside from you, who are staying down in the basement. Yes. As you guys all gather together, what do you do? Yeah, it's pretty (blows out lips). It's very... iron-y? It's like licking a nine volt battery. Make an intelligence check. Because you are an alchemist, I'll give you advantage on it. Yep. 15? Okay, yeah. This is very definitively iron. You've tasted iron, iron filings and things of that similar nature and it has the same twinge to the flavor. As a note, so you guys recall, Horris is with you. Horris came along with you guys. Horris is in the room with you. We'll say, for the purposes of this, the door now opens to the room and Horris comes in after a drink to steady his nerves and goes, "Hello." "Just for a little bit." "About a week or two, until things--" "We don't know yet. It's just a precautionary measure." "We have an alibi, but if we both stay and we get found out, we both get arrested." "What do you want me to do, then?" "She who questions everything and offers no answers. What do you want me to do?" "I don't blame her, either." "As far as Dolan told me, yeah." "I can wait until the morning, if you don't mind me crashing with you." Seriously. All right. Anything else you want to work out, discuss, or plan? It's roughly longsword length. It has this curved, hooked edge to it. The blade looks like it would not just slash, but tear as it went through flesh as well. It's pretty wicked-looking. I don't know, can you sense magic? Then you do not know. They look nice. You take a moment and you feel... alert. They look functional. They're similar in design to the longsword. They're not quite as intricate, and they're much simpler. They don't have the same grooves carved into the hilt, and they look like fairly decent daggers for either stabbing or throwing. You're not certain what material they're made from. It's not the same as the-- What are you doing? It's got a great balance. Yeah, the armor you gave back, and then was scooped up by the Crownsguard. Okay. Do you attack him? Roll for an attack. You attempt to parry cooly, and she hits you in the right eye. Pain. The daggers seem to be simpler in design. You're not sure if they're special or not. I mean, the only person who can detect magic is not in the room. I know! Go ahead and roll an attack. Go ahead and roll an attack. 22? Yeah. (vibrating impact) It sticks to the bottom of the sill; it doesn't quite hit the glass, it manages to hit its mark and stay there, like a dagger. Horris isn't in the room anymore. Gerald Stockholm. Caleb, as you're sitting there talking to your skull. The door opens and Nott scuttles in, closes the door behind and comes and joins you. Which one are you handing him? That's right, yeah. Okay. The scroll case is a scroll case. It does have a faint magical element to it. The limits of what Identify can-- I'd say it's about eight by 12. Okay, you both back out, close the door. You hear (boom). You don't know. Everyone else make a perception check, please. You hear a slight shift in the ground. Exactly. Everything's messy. Your room does not, no. A purplish dark fume wafts out. You back away from it, and it dissipates over the next 30 or so seconds. You keep watch to see if anybody else notices, and it doesn't. It rises up, and thankfully by the time it would hit the roof as a smoke beacon, it mostly has dissipated enough in the sky where it doesn't cause a column of visible darkness. The edge that you're catching of it, the little bit that's wafting through, has this very fine metallic smell to it, almost. The brief bit that catches your nostrils, you feel your sinuses open up very abruptly, and like a mouth full of wasabi, it's like (coughing). Eventually it clears out, and you walk inside. No, not a ball of fiery death. Schmidt is-- It might have been damage-dealing. Unseen Servant. Oh yeah, Schmidt is gone. The scroll case is open. Both of the scrolls emanate-- You see within the scroll case there's now two rolled-up scrolls inside there, and they emanate a magical aura. The longsword emanates a magical aura, the boots emanate a magical aura, and your satchel is almost distracting, the vibrancy of the magical source from that object, the crystal-looking object. Okay. It's a longsword. The daggers are not magic. They are just base daggers. It's true. All right. All right, so. As you guys all come to sleep for the evening, first off, we'll consider this rest the milestone where you all hit level four. (cheering) While you guys figure that out, if I could have everybody but Caleb leave the table, please. LAURA and Just set up your stuff except for your hit points; we'll roll those when you get back. Don't roll hit dice! Roll hit points when you come here! You won't need dice! You're fine. We did it. Totally. So, as the dark takes your dreams, sleep brings calm, brings peace, brings rest. There's a soft hum that seems to radiate around you. A welcoming softness. A light, not quite white, not quite dark, it's a grayish, familiar light, strangely. You feel it pull you forward, through stars. The distant night sky. You see beacons of light coast by. You see a dark sphere before you. Then there's a flash of light, and you're standing there and you're holding the object in your hand which you keep. It's welcoming. You look into it for a moment, and look ahead, and you see yourself. And you see another self. And you see another self. And a fourth Caleb, and a fifth Caleb, and an endless row of Calebs, all slightly different. All begin walking in different directions at once. You look down at the object and back up again and they're all gone. You see a distant flame flicker. You feel yourself hypnotized by its movement. You look down again at it, and there's something wonderful and ancient about this thing. You can't grasp it. Its scale is both too large and too small. The more your mind tries to make sense of it, the more you feel yourself walking in 17 different directions at once. All those Calebs you saw before are all within you and they're all pulling at different sides and it confuses you. It scares you for a moment, but once again you focus back on this object and the warmth is comforting. You look up again at the stars; they've stopped passing by. They're held in place. And for the first time in a long time, you feel at peace. That's the end of your dream. All right, let's bring everybody else back in, please. You wake up in the cold, dark basement of this relatively unused cellar beneath the Leaky Tap. Come to consciousness with the most restful night's sleep you've had in a long time, it feels, almost. You look over at Nott curled up right against your thigh, like a dog, asleep. Come on in. (laughter) (laughs) All right. So, first off, let's go ahead and get a roll of hit points here, so we have-- We haven't done this live on air before! That's okay. So go ahead and roll. As a general rule, I reroll ones for hit points, because nothing sucks more for a character than leveling up and rolling a one. So now two is the new sucky baseline. So go around the table. You are rolling for hit points first, Fjord. d8 for the warlock, yes. Seven, nice. There you go. Plus your con modifier, yes. Yeah, every level. That's how it's always been. Caleb, d6. Okay. For you, yes. I believe it's a d8. Nice! All righty. That's your modifier. You add the eight to it. Yeah, it automatically adds your level up to that. Roll yours. There you go. No, you get con modifier. Every class gets a con modifier to hit points. There you go. All righty. It's okay. Sometimes you get better rolls than others. (laughs) If you don't roll at least four hit points, you die in your sleep. If you die in the level-up, you die in real life. All right, so anyway, continuing. The hit points are the main thing, and your abilities, we can keep tabs on that if it comes into play, and we can define stuff after the episode tonight. But anyway. As you all come to consciousness in the morning, the day is before you. What do you wish to do? Horris is already awake and looking out the window, and looks nervously. "I mean, an escort would be nice, just to have somebody I can work with in case things go bad." "On me? 20 gold." "It's enough to last me a while, yeah." Okay. You guys get to get your breakfast started and such. You guys begin to walk, heading southward, since that was where the Alfield suggestion was, making your way. The general bustle is still happening. There's still not a lot of crownsguard on the street corners you're used to seeing them posted at, and as you make your way towards the southern portion of the Interstead Sprawl, to the southern gate, you can see why. The exit gates are swarming with crownsguard. The portcullis is down, with the smaller side doors open, and every person who enters and exits is being interviewed and being checked as to whether or not they're allowed to leave. It seems that lock-down is very serious during this investigation. Horris immediately clamps up and grabs your arm and goes, "I don’t-- I don't know--" "Okay." You both slowly make your way through that intersection and back, and no one seems to pay much mind. They're consumed with the current hustle and bustle at the gate. As you guys are walking back, Horris is like, "Is there another way out? Is there someone, something you know--" "No, no, no." "Okay, okay." All right. As you guys are getting the rest of your morning on, what do you want to do? Getting your morning on. Oh yeah, all right. Damn, dude! You look behind Fjord at this point, and in the doorway is Horris, arms crossed, biting his lower lip. "Yes?" "I honestly don't. We scattered when the preparations were done to make sure we were far "apart so we couldn't be traced together." "I don't, actually." "She says she occasionally works out of that really terrible bar, the Evening--" "I don't go there." "That's true." The horses are being taken care of. The horses will be fine. The manticore head, though, that's probably a whole different order of business. "Oh! Excuse me!" No, you brought it in the city with you. "Do you know a smuggler?" "I can do that. I'll lock myself in there, and let me know if anything comes up." "All right." Horris gives you a long look of, "I've learned a lot about you in the moment." (laughter) I'm sure the community is already halfway there, buddy. (laughs) All right. So, Horris is taken care of for the moment. What's the plan? The Broken Veil? (laughs) Okay, so yes, I know what you're talking about now. Thank you for the heads-up on that. So the Broken Veil Bluffs is to the far, far east. That is where the border of the Dwendalian Empire and Xhorhas is. It's actually where most of the conflicts happen. It's where the garrisons exist. Where most of the army is sent to defend the Empire in the valley. You are ready for this shit! Their. Bryce was the one that sent you to the Leaky Tap. Bryce is the one that sent you to Claudia. No. I think you're going in circles. I don't recall there-- I was like, what did I say about Bryce's sister, oh shit? There you go. Once again! If I did say sister, remind me. The Leaky Nip?! That's a different establishment. (laughter) Caleb. For the hell of it, make an arcana check. I know. Fuck, okay. It's fine. All right, continue. It's not about not enough, it's placement and what you have and where you are. So what are you guys doing? You find your way there. Yannick is inside currently, working on hammering out the edges of a piece of armor. "Hello. Can I help you?" "I mean, I certainly can. Depends what you're hoping to have made." "That's a very curious liking, but sure, I'll take it." "Hey, I'm not judging." The halfling scratches his temple and goes, "Well, I mean, if you're willing to pay, I can make it." "It's going to be a lot of lead, and a few days to make it." "That there's a little more easy to put together." That's up to you. Sure. "Right." "Okay, we’ll go ahead and get started on that there. Full cost to you, two days' work, materials. "That'll run you back about one and a half gold. One gold, five silver." "All right." "It'll be an additional silver." "All right. Come back here in about 48 hours. Should be good." "I could certainly do my best." "I am but one small halfling, so you’re going to have to wait one way or the other." "Sorry." "No worries, mate! Come back then." You guy haven’t said you’ve split, so I imagine you’re all as a group. My hair went (wind sounds) on that one. At the moment, no. It seems to be a common thing here in the Pentamarket. Not at the moment. What, are you serious? That’s terrifying! You guys making your way to the Pentamarket? Okay. It’s still early morning, relatively. You make your way to the warm, welcoming interior of the Invulnerable Vagrant. There are no other patrons in there. You do see, across the way, one Pumat Sol is sitting behind the counter with knitting needles. There is one off to the side in a chair that’s currently reading through a book, the small set of glasses on the tip of his wide nose. They both look up and go, "Why, hello there! That's just a real nice thing to see you this "early in the morning. Just about to finish my breakfast snack, so you caught me at a good time." "Not all the time. We generally do a cycle of sunrise to about four hours past sunset. That's "our general scheme that we maintain business." "Beau? Well, the pleasure is respectfully mine." He reaches out, giant hand encompasses your entire fist. He puts the book down. Takes his glasses off. "What can I do for you?" "We've got quite a few here currently containing items that require shielding." "Yeah!" "That can probably be done. How big a box you're looking? We got them right around that "there. Then we got a bigger one about that there. Then we got one in the back that’s a biggie." "All right. Let me go ahead and--" "Well, what the nice lady there is requesting is a box that is lined with the "material known as lead." "No magical properties. It’s just really useful for poisoning yourself if you put food "storage in there, poisoning other people if you store their food in it, and keeping at bay the "prying eyes of distant divination magics." "Not a problem." "Well, we got this here cloak here on the wall. I think you’ve already taken a look at it. "That’s a pretty protective--" The other one who's knitting is like, "Yeah, it’s a pretty penny because that’s a pretty item." Goes back to knitting. "That one will run you about 800 gold pieces." "We got this nice shield over here that we just had finished a couple days ago. That's an "enchanted little delightful piece. That one is a little more affordable at about 550 gold pieces." The shield itself has the head of two lions, facing away from each other, with their claws extended. It has almost a diamond shape. It's a pretty decent size. The coloration of it is a bright gold where the lions are. The back of it is a dull, almost graphite metallic, with a gold border around the edge of it. It’s very pretty. "This one? It improves your defenses more than a normal shield would. It instinctively "places the shield in places that might help protect from incoming blows, therefore making you "hard to connect with." (whispers) "It's a plus one." (laughter) "The fancy box that you’re requesting, while not actually enchanted, it is taking away one of "the objects that we keep contained. So, respectfully, I'll have to charge you the cost of "that one and a replacement, but that'll simply put you back about 15 gold pieces total." "That is none of your concern." "Your friend is a strange one." "Oh, I can entirely understand that." "That's really impressive." "Actually, that is a very doable enchantment. It'll take us a little while, but we "can definitely make something like that happen." "About a week's worth of enchanting time, the cost will put you at about 250 gold pieces." "We can go ahead and outsource that. Yeah, we can make that happen for you, couldn't we?" The one knitting goes, "Yeah, that's not a problem at all." "You’re going to pay up for now, up front?" "Oh, the whole lump sum up front!" "I appreciate your trust in our ability." Writes up a quick little piece of paper. Hands it to you as a receipt. "15 gold pieces for the box. You wanted two healing potions? That’ll put you back about 100 "gold pieces for the two." "We got probably another dozen or so more if you want to buy." "Ten whole platinum. All right there. 50 gold from each of you. That’s a healing potion to "each of you." "Yeah. We have certainly many number of various scrolls and scroll types and spells. If "that's what you're looking for, we can definitely provide." "I'm going to go ahead and double-check here." He goes through his ledger. "Let's see. The "very basic ones, whether that be cantrips or 1st-level spellcasting, those are fairly common. "Those will put you back about 50 to 100 gold, approximately." I imagine they could. No, it's a regular healing potion. Regular heal. "If you're going up from there to 2nd- or "3rd-level, those'll put you back probably closer to maybe 250-500 gold, depending, and then it "skyrockets from there." "I mean, we have to order them from the Academy, but we can get them in here for you. Or "the Halls of Erudition." The box is presented, you pay for that, 15 gold. A lead flask. It's weird, every level the intelligence gets lower. While this is happening, Pumat picks up the book again and puts the glasses on, and starts continuing to read. Make an investigation check. Right, so another 50 off you. 12, nothing at the moment. It's only been a few days, and the enchantment process and/or the coming in of new objects can take a while to stock back up. The shield is the most recent creation that was presented. That's the only new one you see. Other than that, there's still the pearl, there's still the cloak. A few other odds and small wands. "Oh, if you want Pumat Prime, he's in the back. I can go get him for you." "All right." He puts the book down on the counter, glasses off, turns around, leaves. Comes back in, takes the glasses, puts them on, takes the book, and continues reading, while Pumat Prime comes from the back, once again, the large set of goggle glasses on, the apron on. "I was told that "I was requested to greet you with a 'hello!'" "Simulacrum. That's the one, yeah. I know, it's a little confusing." "That's kind of a personal story. Let's just say I didn't get along with my peers at a young "age, and found myself wandering. Got picked up by some nice mages that saw some potential. Took me "in and helped me hone my craft, and helped me set up a store, and here I am in Zadash." "Been running this place for a good 12 years." "Thank you." "Sort of. They were with the Cerberus Assembly." "Yeah. They really--" Oh no. "The main person who's been of aid to me is the Headmaster Oremid Hass, who runs the Hall of "Erudition." "He's the Headmaster of the Hall." He scratches his chin for a second. "He's the "Archmage of Cultivation within the Cerberus Assembly. He's been a real nice beacon of "tutelage. He's a bit rough on the edges, and seems tough, but he's a softie. Especially when it comes "to small critters. Don't tell him I said that." For that one moment, you see a look of fear in his eyes. TRAVIS and "Maybe? I don't know. Anyway, I got to get back to work." He quickly goes into the back room again. "Don't mention it!" The one that's reading off to the sides goes-- "Shocking Grasp. I know what you're talking about." "I got it myself. Anyone want to see?" "All righty. I like the gumption." He goes and gives a big old handshake to Beauregard. Let me look that up real fast. It's an auto-hit, because you're reaching out to it. You immediately grab his giant mitt, and a flash of white light and pain as electricity rocks through your body. You take three points of lightning damage. "That one will run you 75 gold pieces." "Hands. They look paws-ish, but yeah." "We can get you a Shield spell. That's a pretty standard defensive mechanism for those of "the arcane persuasion." He thumbs through the ledger. "That one will cost you about 200 gold pieces." "All righty there." "275 gold pieces." He sets his book back down, puts his glasses down, leaves the room for a second, and is gone for about a minute or so. Comes back with two scrolls and sets them on the table. "My pleasure." "Anything else you guys require, or can you leave me to my reading?" "It's a collection of crazy tales about this weird fella." "It's The Daring Trials and Tribulations of Sir Taryon Darrington. This guy's been all over "the place. It's kind of wild." (laughter) Oh, it's got to be fiction. (laughter) But it's good fiction! Well, let me finish my book before I tell you too much about it. Needless to say, he's got this wild construct-looking friend called Dottie. And apparently, according to this thing, there's these powerful folks from over there in Tal'Dorei that he's been meeting up with that keep messing up every time they go on an adventure! Real thorns in his side! I got a collection. Sure, I got this shipped out to me from Deastok. Perhaps if you are in that vicinity, see that you get yourself a copy. I had never heard of it until this, so probably not that easy to find. I mean, I'm not really a book retailer. That is probably a place to look for a book. Not yet. All right. You are always welcome any time! All of us are happy to see you come in and spend your hard-earned money. "Goodbye!" "Goodbye!" "Goodbye!" A little hand comes out from the curtain in the back. "Bye-bye!" All right, so you guys return. Do you head down to the basement? It's still there. No, the skeleton is still dead. As he's holding it, placing it over the box, there's still that undulating low hum and grayish glow-- Make an arcana check. The essence, as you're looking at this and concentrating on this object, trying to get a grasp on it now that you have a good moment to look at it. The school of magic, or whatever the source of the magic is here, escapes you. It seems almost beyond or separate than some of the magics that you've naturally learned through your acquisition of spells and the pact that you had made. But you don't get the sense that it's extraplanar or anything that would constitute the same level of danger that you think Caleb is focused on. Okay! I need you all to roll-- no, I’m kidding. (laughter) The downside is longswords are not finesse weapons, so you'd have to use strength to utilize it. Yeah, well, are you proficient with weapons like a longsword? Your weapon proficiencies? My Player's Handbook keeps disappearing from me. Yeah, so you could not use a longsword. These boots are designed in a similar style as to the armor of the Xhorhasian individual you had fought. No, not obvious. They’re made of a very dark brown or black leather with studs and the tops of them curl up into two spikes at the tip at each side. Well, you have to make a saving throw. Is it a wisdom saving throw? Yep, for the next minute, your face is curled up into a Joker-like smile. Minus Kara's, that would have been 628 gold, 21 silver, and 302 copper. So what's the plan? Okay, so you guys are going to the Evening Nip? All right. You make your way over to the familiar, dirty, small, sunken dive bar, the same two beefy-looking guards on the outside eyeing you as you enter. You come inside. The same two individuals sitting at the the same booth and the far table. And there lies Clive Binz, the dwarf with the half-burned beard. As you enter, he's like, "Ah, good to see you again. What can I get you?" Yeah, Clive. "Can I get you anything?" "Right. Well, then. Take these gifts with you." He turns around and looks at the rest of you, and steps into the back room. Do you follow him? All right. You step into the back room of this dive, and as you step inside, it's a storage cupboard. There's shelves up there with various bottles of liquor, wine, and ale. He's currently pulling a small chain up on the corner. As he does, you watch as a small trap door goes (creaking), it winches up, and there's a stairway that leads down. And he goes-- As you all slowly descend down the stairs, it closes behind you. You hear a few things shift over it. You descend down the stairway, and you begin to pick up the sound of soft music. There's a gentle violin playing, and a lute or some sort of small string instrument. This staircase spirals downward onto the left, and as it curves down for about 40 or so feet, it's getting colder just from the subterranean depth, that you're going from the warmer surface. Eventually, you hear some voices and some laughter, and a clink of glasses. As you curve down, the light gets brighter from around the corner, until suddenly you look into a stone-set subterranean tavern. From floor to ceiling, it's about 20 feet tall. You can see there are two balconies that overlook it from the left side, and one that's barely visible around the corner, as the room opens up to the right of you. There's a table immediately down from where the spiral staircase ends, and there's a gruff-looking fellow sitting there looking up as you enter. He looks immediately defensive. The rest of the people in there are drinking, and not immediately paying attention. As you begin to descend the stairway, who all’s going in? All right. You all begin to descend to the bottom of the stairs. There's maybe about a dozen or so people in here, between the bartender, folks, and you can see two people are playing music on the upper balcony. There's laughter and discussion, and there's a card game at the center table. You see a maroon and dull grey robed person arrive, but their body is covered with a dark black, almost panther-like fur. Their face is cat-like, with ears that curl up. This is a black tabaxi that has turned around the corner, and goes, "Halt, friends. I do not recognize-- Lucien?" (incredulous) "You're alive!" (gasping in disbelief) "Lucien!" She goes forward and does a huge hug. And that's where we're going to end tonight's episode! (screaming) We'll come back to that. That's a d10, that doesn't matter. SAM, MARISHA, and All righty. We'll pick up from that point next week. Until then, we'll see some of you guys at C2E2 in Chicago this weekend. Looking forward to that! We'll be back on this next Thursday to see where this goes.