Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. (cheering) It's out for PS4, Xbox One, and PC. The latest installment of Far Cry, if you guys aren't familiar with it, is set in the fictional Hope County, Montana, where a fanatical doomsday cult known as the Project at Eden's Gate has taken control. If you are playing it or plan to play it, you'll probably hear me and Marisha somewhere in that cult, I'm sure, or scattered in the game at some point. I got to work on my Montana for that one. It was fun. It strangely is. Sorry, Montana. Grab your sidekick, train your dog, and fight against Eden's Gate in the most Far Cry way possible, which is with extreme force, so pick up a copy today. Hope you enjoy. This game is a lot of people's lives. I've watched people vanish over the past couple days. Yeah. Jess Black in the game is voiced by our friend of the show Julie Nathanson. She is amazing and you should enjoy her work in there as well. That's our first sponsor for the night. Our second sponsor and our continuous sponsor for this new campaign, our friends at D&D Beyond. (cheering) No! No, why? If Shakäste comes back later on, you can play his spiritual weapon. The character didn't click until he said he played F.A.T.A.L., and then I was, oh, I know who this is now. Don't. It's awful. It's the worst. Thank you, Sam. Thank you, Sam, and thank you to D&D Beyond for being awesome supporters of the show. A couple quick things after that. First off, reminding you guys about Twitch Prime. If you have an Amazon Prime account, you can connect it to your Twitch account, and every month you can subscribe for free to a channel of your choice. Whether that'd be us or anybody else you'd want to show some love to, costs you nothing and it's pretty awesome, so do it if you haven't. If you need a recap for campaign two, we're doing our Critical Recap episodes now with our fantastic Dani Carr, who is doing succinct updates and reminders for things that have happened in the campaign, or if you've missed something and don't have the time and want to watch live, you can watch Critical Recap and be right ready to go when you’re here on Thursday. Talks Machina, of course, is every Tuesday evening. We just had our WonderCon panel that we did this past Sunday on Tuesday night for Talks, and it's online. You can go watch it on Youtube now. Again, Geek and Sundry Youtube, should be up there to watch it. But the episode of Talks for tonight's episode will be next Tuesday at 7pm Pacific with our fantastic host Brian W. Foster. Please come join those of us who will be here, and enjoy. We kind of had to. Yeah, on the back of the name cards, it says, “Please don't ever say bad words." Yeah. I mean, we're only human. True. Most of us. Except for Taliesin. The podcast of last week's episode, episode 11, is available for download, so if you listen to the show audibly or have friends who do, they can download it now, where finest podcasts can be downloaded. C2E2 is coming up! Not this weekend, but the weekend after, in Chicago. We're all going to be there. We have panels, signings, all of the information is up on the website now. You can find it on the Geek and Sundry Twitter or the Critical Role Twitter if you're wondering what is happening and where to go. We'd love to see you. Please come and be a part of the crazy convention. It's probably going to be pretty crazy. It's pretty big and there’s a lot of people going. We're watching you like a hawk now, man. Also, our fantastic friends at 826 and 826LA; they're a great charity. They do wonderful stuff for children in creative writing. Please go ahead and check out what they do, see if you can help support it or actually be a volunteer if a chapter is near you, so check it out. We love them and you should do so too. I don't think we have any new merch per se other than just the reminder, you have that wonderful shirt. It looks good on you even when you're preggers. Officially. Unless we have anything else to say, I believe that gets us caught up and ready to dive into tonight's episode of Critical Role. [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] --to acquire a wax seal within the home of Lord Sutan to create a letter that you feel would be incriminating, then to infiltrate the High-Richter's home, do the same, and then report them to the lawmaster, or whoever else you'd think would be of higher estate. This is transpiring tomorrow evening. Where we last left off, it was later in the afternoon after your final discussion. You guys have a day to prepare however you wish to. Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? Orentha. That's the High-Richter. Right now, you guys have just finished meeting with the other members of the Knights of Requital in-- Song and Supper, yes. No longer. At the job postings you had seen on the task board outside of the King's Hall, they were handwritten, but they all had been written by the Herald of the Hall. He was the one who was handling most of the jobs that were being distributed. Whatever information comes to him, he's the one who posts them, it seems. (laughing) I was going to make you roll for it, but no, you got this. It's later afternoon. Don't pull a Liam. All right. You guys make your way, following Nott, who had previously trailed Dolan to the home, and you eventually find your way to the outskirts of a very simple-- it’s a hovel, but only because it's been in disuse for a while. There is a single front door, it looks to be a two-chamber home, with one large central main living space and one bedroom in the back. The roof itself is made of heavily pressed-together thatch and stick. As soon as you approach, you can see that the front door is closed, and you see a little bit of movement through the window, someone walking around. From what you saw, yeah. Yeah, two buildings over, you look off to the side and there's a small alcove of shade where you could probably pop in quickly and dispense a spell without it causing any ruckus. The same figure you brought to the High-Richter's? All right. Okay. Doesn't take a spell slot. All right. Knock on the door? All right. As you knock on the door, there's a pause, and you see out of the corner of the window, the edge of a face peek out there, and then disappear behind, and a voice goes, "Who is it?" You hear some rustling, some unlocking process, and the door opens up and you can see Horris opens the door and Dolan's behind. "Yes, please, come in." Looks just past you as you enter the building and they close the door behind you. It's just the two of them at the moment. Okay. They both pause for a second. "Oh, wow, all right, you are as skilled as they say, it seems. That's pretty useful." "Oh, right. His abode-- he lives in the Gilded Willows in the Tri-Spires." "He's, I would say, not too terribly far from the Skyscape Park and where the Constellation Bridge tower stands. It's a three-story house, dark wood, gold leaf carving. It's a bit gaudy, hard to miss amongst some of the other ones there, although all of them are gaudy in their own right. Look for the three-story, iron-gated, dark greenwood building in that vicinity." "Unfortunately, no, most lords are very careful with documentation transfer back and forth, they usually go through direct parcel services." "Oh, no. (chuckles) Nothing that was directly from his hand, at least. They usually go through intermediaries for that purpose." "I mean, that would be the one that replaced us--" And he nudges over to Horris on the side. "That would be--" I had that written down. Somewhere in here. Oh, shit, it's my older notes. Exactly. "I believe it's Ren Sutan." "Yes." If not, the Internet will correct me. "Oh, no, Lord Diedric Sutan is his name, Ren--" "Ren is his son who he placed to destroy and take over our practice." You hear Horris, off to the side, arms crossed now, hearing all this, goes, "Yeah, you could say that." They both look at each other, and you watch as Dolan glances out the window. "Not that far outside of the Apple Tree Tutorship vicinity, you will find a white and peach building, with a few banners in the front, and that's Ren's new practice." "Yes." "I mean, sure." He looks confused. (laughter) He looks back at Horris. Horris is like, "Right. Well, if you come across any dark physicianry, please do your best to quell it where it... seeds." (laughter) "Thank you." You're not there. "No worries. I suppose since-- Tomorrow evening, when everything's set to go, me and Horris, Kara, we're not going to be present when all of this goes down, so we have deniability when we turn our information in for this whole endeavor, but I think Ulog and you guys should meet on the outside of the tavern that we met at earlier today to kick this off." "You got it." "Well good luck, and--" All right. Locks the door. The eye peeks through the window once again. (door opening) "No, that would make this a lot easier." "Sorry." "You too." (door closing) Constellation Bridge tower and Skyscape Park. You got maybe an hour and half to two hours before sunset. You both make your way toward the Tri-Spire. As you make your way towards the front entry gates there, one of the guards posted there is familiar with you and begins to let you through. As you approach-- As you pass through, a few steps behind Jester, the guard approaches, “Halt. I don't believe I've seen you through here before." "Very well." Steps back. You guys make your way, following the directions to the Gilded Willows. You see the massive tree-tops that fill out the skyline from your perspective. Every home seems to have a row of greenery between. It's a very, very beautiful neighborhood. You can follow where the Constellation Bridge Tower as a beacon and as it guides you towards its area it doesn't take long for you to see the large, gaudy, three-story complex that is Lord Sutan's home. You can see the gold leaf carving along the edges of each of the various stories in between. The dark green slats that are there, are coated in some sort of a lacquer material that almost glistens in the sunlight as it passes. The sunset colors now starting to make their way into the cloud-covered sky. You do see marble pillars at the corner of the estate's grounds. With iron gates that link each of them, with about maybe five foot bit of simple lawn-hill that separates the gap between the gate and the building itself. Well the gates on all them are solid except for in the very front and the very back. Both of them appear to be closed and locked. You do see, posted at the front of the front door, there are two crownsguard that are there keeping watch. On the back end as you case around to the rear side of the home, there is a singular crownsguard and a dog that is on a chain. Make a perception check. It's hard to see where any perspective would be a blind spot. For entry, other than above or from the sides because the front and back seem pretty well covered by these guards, as they're currently posted and standing there. So the only things that really make sense would be either flanking the building or something that guides you over top. That's all you can think of. The one that is immediately to the left of it is two-story, it's a shorter building. There is a tree to the immediate right of it that rises up to about the height, if not a little taller, than the actual home itself. The building next to it is another two stories. This one lords over the other buildings, but there is one large tree that is about five feet from the edge of the wall. It's five feet to the wall, and then about five feet from the wall to the actual building. So it's a ten foot from the tree to the roof. You could certainly try. The gate's about eight feet tall and the building is three stories. So I mean there are some roof-edge perches the stories kinda taper with each additional floor. So there is a small space, maybe a foot, a foot and a half wide that you could shoot for. If there was something you wanted to try but-- There are no windows on the base floor, or at least none that you can see. The second floor you do see one set of double windows that open. Though they are currently closed. Those are on the two side edges of the building. No. There's no balcony. The only balcony you saw was in the large balcony at the front of the High-Richter's home, but not on this one. As you glance at the back of the building, the doors that you see immediately, there is one set of doors that is the front with the two guards are. The back where the other gate entrance is, there isn't another door that leads into the home. There is a double-cellar door that descends beneath. That is what is currently being guarded with a man and the dog. Do you have a climber's kit? The new D&D nightmare mode. You're all level one bards with nothing but ball bearings, go. Unfortunately-- Well the wall is an iron gate. They're all long, iron fencing gate. There are the marble pillars at the corner of each one. So it's open, it's a series of bars. They are. They are poodle impalers. Do you want to try it? Okay. Okay as you place your hand through the bar-- Nothing happens. No, it's fine. Game over. You're not there. Shh. That's true, you're right Sam. (coo) Bonus action (coo). (laughter) Can we please make the metagaming pigeon a thing now? I've played with a few in my time. (laughter) All right. Anything else you guys want to do while you're there? Okay. Do you guys want and try for a climber's kit on your way back? Okay. It takes a little bit of time to find a place because some of the shops are starting to close past sunset. The time it took you guys to get there, do a full casing and come back the sun has set and the sky is getting darker. However, thankfully a climber's kit is not all that expensive. With a full cost on that-- come on. Climber's kit-- ha, I was wrong, 25 gold. Just the grappling hook? Two gold. (laughs) Right, can I get a consultation first? (funny voice) Ah, climber's kit includes a lot of things. (normal voice) Includes special pitons, boot tips, gloves, and a harness. That's for mountain climbing. Yeah. Some nice core balls you can sit on. Yeah, so you want a grappling hook and rope? You can get those. Those are cheaper. Grappling hook is two gold and the rope-- you want silk or hempen? That would be hempen, so that's one gold. So three gold for a single grappling rope and rope. So mark down that you have a grappling hook and 50 feet of hempen rope. All right. As you guys are accomplishing that, the rest of you-- The rest of you, what are you doing? (laughs) The Tutoring Village. Make an investigation check. Twelve, okay. It takes you a little while to get there. You haven't actually been to the Tutor Village before. Okay, same difference. So you manage, through asking questions and finding your way around, you manage to get to the Tutor Village right around sunset. You do see, about one block over, the large, white-peach building that you had previously been told by Dolan. You see the sign up; it's called the Guided Hand Infirmary. It's one story, but it stretches wide towards the back. It's like a large shotgun building. The Guided Hand Infirmary. You can see light from the interior. There are two windows at the front, and a row of windows as it continues down the back of the alley. The alley, you can see, actually lights up, because the bright interior warm light reflecting off of the buildings on the opposite side, down the alley on each parallel end of it. The building itself seems fairly well made, there's elements of a plaster material put against the wood to make it seem a little less cracked and broken on the vicinity around it. It looks like a little more money went into this complex than a lot of the surrounding buildings. As Frumpkin curls up and jumps onto the windowsill, and you glance through the vision of your familiar. The first window you come across, inside, it's a simple room, it’s painted a similar white, peach color. There's a single bed, maybe twin size, with a single sheet. You see an individual who is currently lying on it, with not quite Caleb dirty clothes, but not an upperclassman by any means. Upperclassman? Not what I was going for, that's fine. Wooo! Sydney football rules. Weird. But, you do see this individual is currently has a full arm bandaged, with blood soaked and dried on parts of it, and they are currently asleep, and the door is closed. There is a lantern inside that is set to keep the room warm. Yeah, have him move around, go around the front. As Frumpkin keeps watch on each of these, each chamber seems to either be empty or there's somebody in some state of either rest, or waiting. You see one person, a younger girl maybe fifteen or sixteen years old, who is waiting on the edge of a bed, sitting quietly in a room by herself. Glancing around, she looks over and sees Frumpkin, and goes, "Kitty!" and makes the hand motion to try and pet-- You go around the back door and you can see one room has two beds that currently have two individuals that are coughing heavily. They're sick with something pretty bad, and there is a person inside that is dressed in a white robe that is in the process of bringing them both broth, but they have a mask over their face, a piece of cloth tied behind, and it looks like they're treating some diseased patients. This is, for all intents and purposes, an infirmary. It's a one story building, but it's quite long. It goes back quite a bit. Other buildings are spotty and build the space around the outside of this block, whereas this infirmary stretches the entire length of the block. Correct, it looks like all-- It looks like it's built so that all the rooms that have sunlight are the rooms where the patients would stay. Anything important would be kept in the interior of the building. The roof is about, I'd say, 12 feet up. As you're focusing, Fjord, you notice a small child, maybe five or six years old, this scruffy reddish hair and a dirty smashed face, walks up and goes, "What happened to the kitty?" "I was going up to pet it, and it went away!" "Oh, I'm Simon." He's a real boy. (laughter) "Okay." He runs around the other side of the building. Frumpkin is on top. And, looking at the top, the front of it looks really nice. The top, which nobody sees, doesn't look that great. It's a pretty shoddy, wooden slats over wooden slats, across the entirety of the roof complex. You can see one small trap door, about the center of it, that is currently closed. (Meowing) At which point, you hear a kid go, "Whoa!" Simon is now on the side, staring at this disappearing and reappearing cat. Make a persuasion check. 14. (screaming) and he runs. It would take you about an hour or so to do so. To a studied physician, probably not going to hold up. You can certainly try. Depending upon how high you roll. About an hour. You’re going to spend time and apply. In the street? That's up to you, you can try and duck into a shady corner. And spend an hour. You can get yourself some evening scrambled eggs for five copper. All right. If you're gathering all those materials from a scattered meal-- We'll put it at about eight copper for the total. Okay. I'm going to say for this, go ahead and roll a d20. Add your proficiency bonus and intelligence modifier. Yeah. Because this is about trying to come up with an accurate means of looking like you've been infected with something. 11. Okay. You take an hour and you're pretty proud of it. You think it'll work fine. For a month. There's alleys on each side, but they both have windows that are lit, so you would be in one of those vicinities. You could. You would be at a distance though. All right. So the two of you enter. You go through the front door. It's a double door. It pushes open. It doesn't appear to have resistance, it's on a hinge. You push in, and at the front there's a clerk there, wearing the same white robe a middle-aged man, receding hairline, short hair, big bulbous red nose, some pock-marking on his cheek. He looks up. "Can I help you?" He reaches down and pulls a cloth up and puts it immediately over his face. "Okay, um-- " Okay. As you're doing that, I need you to roll a deception check with advantage because you're helping. 21! As soon as you spray in the face, he's like (sputtering). Takes the scarf off and (panting) "Sit down, please!" He points over to a bench on the side. Take a point of damage. The clerk at this point goes, "Please! Stay tight, I'm going to-- shit!" He leaves the room. You walk in as you see there's a spray of stuff across the clerk's counter. You see both Mollymauk and Fjord crawling in opposite directions across the floor as you hear footsteps, and the clerk had just rushed out of the chamber down the hallway. What you see now is there's two hallways. There's one to each side as you enter. Where the clerk's desk was, it looks like there's all the rooms you saw on the right side, all the rooms you saw on the left side, and there are chambers in the center of the building with the two hallways that bisect the two areas. You can choose right or left, it's up to you. The clerk went down the right side. Okay. As you're rushing with Nott in your arms, you head into the hallway on the left side and you glance and can immediately see another person with a robe, who is holding a small satchel of some sort of greenish material. They walk and see you. "Excuse me, can I help you?" Make a deception check, please. "What seems to be the problem?" He looks, as opposed to being empathically interested in your well-being, is genuinely disturbed by the sound the child is making, Rosemary's Baby style. Roll an attack for Frumpkin, please. That hits, he's wearing a robe. Go ahead and roll. We'll say it's one point of damage, is a cat's scratch. As it's clawing, he's (screaming). He starts screaming and grabs Frumpkin on his back and tries to pull him and throw him off. Frumpkin full-on spins, scatters, all claws and legs out, lands on the ground. (Angry cat sound) Full puff-up, tail and everything. At this point you watch another doorway flip open, and you see a man come out with very short brown hair on the sides with a pompadour in the front and a similar white robe, but it looks like it's longer-sleeved with more detail. He goes, "What is all this ruckus happening?" "What is a cat doing here? Get the cat!" He watches as the clerk says, "I don't -- shoo! Shoo! Shoo!" He's trying to get Frumpkin to leave now. There's now other workers of the infirmary coming out of the rooms that are all starting to gather. The one who saw you in the hallway is now coming towards you while shooing Frumpkin out. You watch the guy who had left the chamber head back into the office and close it. People are starting to scatter. You guys are waiting in the two rooms now, you said? You found two separate rooms? You're just running the hall? What are you doing? So you're coughing loud in the room. You're crawling in the hall. Behind them? We'll find out in a second. Now we have you spitting and freaking out. The two clerks that are trying to push Frumpkin out are trying to escort you. They see you. They're like, “Sir? Sir?” They start grabbing your arms and lifting you up. They start dragging you into one of the rooms on the side. They open one room and there's somebody in there already who was sleeping but is starting to come to, going, "What's happening?" "Sorry!" They close the door, go to the next chamber, and start dragging you into an empty room. Okay. All right. They open the door-- You bolt? Make an athletics check. Actually, this would be your choice. You try and pull away, but in the moment, they're genuinely worried about your well-being. They've probably had patients try and make big physical actions while they're in their care, and they hold you back. Devil's Tongue or Vicious Mockery? Okay. That's 11. What's your DC on it? What's your charisma modifier? It's fine. They succeed. You shout this and one of them (groan). They grab and throw you into the room. You (whoosh) into the chamber and they close the door, pushing you inside of it. Well, what's the DC of the spell is what I'm asking? That's okay. It's fine. They shove you into the chamber. They close the door. You land on the ground and you hear it lock behind you. You are now a dangerous patient who needs other glancing. While that's happening and they're distracted by that, you guys-- I'd say about half of them are full. You see two chambers that are empty. All right. You close the door. You guys both make stealth checks real fast. All right. You enter the room and close it. What are you doing? (knocking) "Hello? Is there somebody in here?" The door opens and you see that there's a clerk who had apparently heard the door close behind you as you had entered the room and is now walking into this darkened chamber. As soon as the door opens, you guys are on the opposite side of the door. He walks over towards the lantern in the corner to light it, because the room is dark that you're in. There's nobody in there at the moment. He walks over. "Oh, wait! Wait!" You guys bolt past into the hallway. You guys dart out to the entrance and out into the night air. Oh, just out of the room. You guys are out of the room and the person sees you. Well, you guys find Fjord there, coughing loudly, while you are currently locked in this room. There is. Yeah. Well, no. There's a door, it's a closed solid door, and there's a window looking outside. There's not. No. There is one cross bar that is maintained, it's more to support the four panes of glass, but that's it. Peek out the door? Sorry, there's no window in the door. Okay. While you're meditating on that-- Fjord is alone in the room. There are two clerks now that were originally fleeing to get help and have come back now with the gentleman with the short brown hair, who's exited the opposite side of the chamber now. "We've brought the doctor." He moves before the doctor, who approaches. "All right, so you appear to be sick." Make a deception check. Yes. 16? He goes, "All right. Please have a seat in this chamber." "There's an outhouse about two blocks down outside. Come back -- " "Get in the room. We'll get you a pan." You go in the room, and one of them pulls out a metallic bedpan and sets it down on the side. They close the door immediately and then turn to you two “We’ll get to him in a second. What’s your problem?” “Let me see her.” He comes forward and puts his hands out towards Nott. Do you do that? Make an intimidation check with advantage. 13. The physician goes (screams), falls back. The other two clerks or physician helpers catch him “Get it out! Get it out! Out! Shoo!” Make an acrobatics check to try and dodge past their grasp as you begin to dart through their-- As you run, all of a sudden there’s a tug on your cloak and the same younger physician who had told you to get out is clutching the back of your cloak and lifts you up off the ground. “Well then, someone’s going to play nice with the Crownsguard,” and turns and starts bringing you towards the exit. “You too, outside!” Yes. Yeah, easily. Yeah. You exit out and the two other ones are looking a bit confused. He’s currently dragging Nott who’s flailing on the edge of the cloak, dangling, out into the main area. Okay. He goes and throws you out onto the street. Pushes you out, Caleb, and goes “Guard!” and begins pointing loudly over there, down in the direction of where you tumbled and landed on the ground. You guys got shoved out into the front of the facility. Nott got tossed, landed, and stumbled a few feet, and they’re now shouting for the guard and pointing at Nott. You guys start bolting? As you guys run, they don’t give chase because it’s not their job to do so, but they start shouting and shouting. I want you both to roll stealth checks to try and see if you can avoid the sight of the Crownsguard that are in the process of responding to the shout. Okay. As you guys dart into the nearby shadows, plugging down a few alleyways, you hear some voices in the distance, some conversations, some shouting, and then some footfalls that get loud... and then get a little softer, and eventually a little softer and fade off. You just barely scraped by on that one. MARISHA and You, however, darted off towards the open office and as soon as you glance in there, you can see there is a desk set up, there is a chair, there are a number of large books and stacks of parchment. It looks like there is a whole rack up top with various medicinal herbs and salves that are categorized into small makeshift cubbies. This is where a lot of the treatment seems to be mustered. Well, it’s clear for the moment, but the man who was just in this office just finished throwing Nott outside and is in the process of talking with the Crownsguard. You don’t know how long you have until he returns. You palm a bunch and throw it in there, all right. You exit, just as you see them returning to the hallway with the physician straightening his outfit, making his way in your direction. Doesn’t even make eye contact with you, just brushes by and shoulder-checks you, which is hilarious because the size of your visual is much smaller, so it’s like (impact) “Watch it!” and was two inches away, but doesn’t seem to notice in the moment that he actually did so. Makes his way into the office, you hear the door close behind you, and the two other clerks frustratingly start scattering and making their way to the other chambers. One of them is talking to the other about, “I don’t know what happened. He went crazy and started spitting and was bleeding everywhere,” and they’re both making their way to the door where Molly is in. Okay. You head back out onto the street. You are in that chamber for a while. Are you doing anything? Make an investigation check. Ten. Nothing easily does so. You can try and pry one of the panes out, but there’s a decent chance it might break in the process if you’re not careful. You’re going to try? You take one of your blades and you wedge it up underneath where the metal bar is, it’s holding the pane in place to see if you can wedge it out. Go ahead and make a straight dexterity check. It shatters and breaks on both sides of the window. You watch as the window shatters outward-- The pane itself is about that big, so you’re going to take more of the window with you to do it. All right! You shoulder-roll-leap through, shattering the window out of the infirmary, rolling into the alley. You see this happen as Molly is a chaotic spill of glass shards and purple skin. You guys bolt. At this point, as you head back, you’ve now seen the guards that have just run off to go after Nott hear the shatter and turn around to begin, some of them, to double back to where the sound of the glass breaking came from. Make a deception check. It’s too late! They are. Okay. 15. The guards approach and they both look antsy, but they see you pointing away, and they both head in the direction that you were heading them off towards, as Molly’s about to leap into your arms. You guys have managed to find yourselves back into the chaotic evening of the streets of Zadash. It’s like six. Which is still there, by the way! Yeah. As you guys make your way back to the Leaky Tap to eventually meet up, going through the paperwork, unfortunately, none of them have anything that signifies the High-Richter. They all seem to be various quick notes on bones breaks and resets, on various illnesses that have come through and treatments that have been applied, keeping tabs on return visits. It’s all various notes of-- Nothing from Lord Sutan, unfortunately. If you had possibly searched a little longer, you could have maybe found something, you think, but given the circumstances, it did not occur. So you didn’t find anything you wanted to, and you probably definitely fucked up a few people’s recovery routine. But that’s fine. You guys eventually find your way back to The Leaky Tap. Your monk and your cleric are waiting for you, and you watch as these four individuals walk in looking a bit haggard. Okay. You work out the logistics of that letter-- The guard dog that was outside of the home? It was a mastiff. From what you guys saw of the mastiff, it wasn’t a show dog by any means, but it wasn’t a street dog they’re just using for the moment. One way to find out! It looks like it’s a utility dog. You’ve seen some dogs go around with members of the crownsguard before as part of the general-- It’s more for an intimidation tactic. They’re rarely ever utilized, but the presence of a dog just make some people, especially those who work in darker categories, unsettled. They were crownsguard. All right. As you guys work your way through preparing this letter, condensing your plots for the next evening, and eventually find yourself to a night’s rest in preparation for the next day’s events, we’re going to take a break! (laughs) Fucking D&D. Those are my favorite moments of the game! I’m like, I don’t-- okay, guys! This is happening! This is all your fault. So yes, before we go to break, our friends at Wyrmwood have their giveaway for the evening. You need to be in the Twitch chat room to participate. Right now, the offer's only good for residents of the United States and Canada, excluding Quebec, because, apparently, Quebec. For the official rules, you can find the link in the chat tonight, but tonight it is the Flame Box Elder Deck Box, which is pretty awesome. Oh, and it came with a Magic pack with a guy going (screams) It's a deck box. The pack comes with it, too. So go ahead and enter into the chat room-- the word for this break is “Heist”. H-E-I-S-T. Remember, only enter it once. If you enter it more than once, you will be disqualified, unfortunately. We'll get to that, and we'll have the winner in the break. In the meantime, we'll see you back here in a few minutes. [break] Okay. As you finish the focus, you glance down at them, extending your consciousness to see if there's any residual magic energy. They're not enchanted, but they are made of a very nice, solid platinum with a gold spiral lay on them, once you pull the dust off, so they’re probably worth a little bit of money. For a goblin’s wrists, they're pretty big. Looks like they're more-- they may have been made for a more masculine figure’s wrists probably, or a thick-armed lass. All righty. Anybody else have anything to do before the evening's rest, or are you happy to continue the next day? All right, so, as the evening comes to a close, the next morning greets you on a somewhat chilled, misty morning, the sky gray, but the light is out. You can see a faint mist is burning off of the streets in the early morning, like six or seven-ish. You all gather yourselves. Is there anything you wish to accomplish during the day, or do you wish to jump ahead to the meeting of the afternoon, the evening? Yeah, the festival is happening this evening. I mean, the harvest is celebrated at different points, and in a few weeks is the official Harvest End festival. This is done in advance, it's more of a private event that is for the more elite. Some folks come in from out of town, from local smaller townships that are pretty well off and trying to rub elbows with the local elite. It's a festival that contains food, music, drink. You've never been to one, of course, and you've heard of it from the time you spent in Zadash. You've never seen it, but you've seen folks take care through the street towards the event, and it seems to be fairly like a more subdued Mardi Gras colors, but the colors are more reds and browns and golds. They have masks they'll wear for it, but they aren't full face, just habitual eye masks. Only some will, some folks don't get fully into the spirit. All right. Who’s helming the expedition to acquire costume pieces? Molly, go ahead and make an investigation check. (laughter) 11. It takes you the better part of the morning. About noon, you manage to find a place that will sell similar outfits. Since a lot of them are either custom-made for the individuals that are going, it's hard to find a place. There is no shop that sells fancy clothes to the random folks who aren't going to the event, but you manage to find a few individuals that can cobble together a few masks and basic attire. Because it's a quick build, it's going to be a little pricier than normal cost, so the commission will take the better part of the afternoon, and will be ready by sundown for enough outfits for six of you. Or accoutrements. You'll be fine, it's just a mask. I'd say between all of you, for the time, the materials, and the construction of it, it’ll run you about three gold pieces. Okay. How many sausages do you want? In case you get hungry? Fair enough. Okay. That's going to put you back a silver. Ulog is meeting you guys, you want to try and search for him? Make a perception check. You have no idea where Ulog is, or if he's in the vicinity, unfortunately. All right, so. You gather the outfits that were commissioned for you. You have your materials. As the day grows later, eventually the sun begins to crest over the western mountain range. The sky, though cloudy still, the colors begin to shift to the oranges and purples of dusk. You begin to see carriages come through the streets and make their way towards the Tri-Spire district. One of the carriages just passed you, and it's about a block up the way if you want to try and catch up. All right. As you guys head back towards the entryway to the sewers, where you had previously been, with your various outfits and attire, you can see now, there's not two crownsguards, there's a single crownsguard at the moment. You approach and you see they're not directly against the grate, they're across the street. It doesn't appear to be watched at the moment. The entranceway into the sewers. Well, he's not looking at the entranceway to the sewer. Yes, but there are lanterns and stuff up on the side of the street. Okay. "Evening." "I am well, how are you?" Everybody else, roll a stealth check, please. "Try the Pentamarket, probably." Make a persuasion check. "All right, so down this way--" and he starts giving you the full play-by-play of the street corners to the Pentamarket where a candy shop is that you had missed earlier. So now you know there's a candy shop in Zadash. As it's happening. What did you roll? Hold on, so a natural one, eight, 19, 15. Okay, natural one’s tricky. Still a natural one. But, yeah, that brings it to nine. As you guys begin to quickly slide in, one after the other, Nott, as you're rushing down, you're glancing off, because you hear them talk about candy for a second over the side. As you rush down the side, whack! You hit your head and give out a natural instinct, a pained squeak. As you do, the guard who's talking to Jester goes, “Wha--” Make a deception check. Seven. “Hold. Just a second.” He begins walking over to the sewer edge. He steps over and begins to glance down-- He’s looking back at you like-- From where? Out of the sewer, you mean? As soon as Frumpkin-- He kicks and-- (gasps) Well, he got scared by the cat! The first guy was a dick, this guy was (yells), like kicking wildly. Anyway. He falls back and Frumpkin runs off. He’s like (grunts). It seems to be enough to take him off the scent of Nott, and he turns around. “Miss?” He walks up and helps you up. Right, all right. Well, go get your candy. Have a good night. (sighs) He goes back to his post. You guys make your way through the sewer, back up through the T-intersection-- All right. Fair enough. Frumpkin does slowly make his way back to join you. You make your way towards the gate and, without issue, are entered into the Tri-Spire. You make your way towards the side of the alleyway where the-- You did not. Jester, do you want to go do that? You guys are sitting there, waiting for Jester to show up and meet you to let you out. You, however, you make your way to the Song and Supper, and on the inside, you can see, nervously at a table, in a dark cloak, Ulog. “What the--?” Gets up and meets you outside, shoves you back out there and you both begin to walk side-by-side. “I was waiting here long enough!” Make a deception check. He goes, “Right. Well, where’s the rest of your team?” He looks down and he has fairly plain dark clothing for night-stealthing. He has like a single-- looks like a gold chain of some kind with a single yellowish amber-orange bead on it that looks like it’s worth a gold or two. Dark green-brown cloak. It’s hard to see the color, this late at night. He doesn’t look super rich. Yeah. You put some of the festive wear on him. It’s all not at all fitted for him and it looks like a kid who has outgrown his snow-outfit and he’s like-- “This is humiliating.” He’s seething beneath it. You can see him grinding his teeth, but he follows you nevertheless. You make your way to the gate once more. The guards there-- One of them walks up and, the same one from earlier, gives you a nod. “Hold.” Make another deception check. He goes, “A comedian. Tell me a joke.” Ulog looks at you with the mask, back at the guard. “Um--” He goes, “What do you call the king on his birthday?” The crownsguard goes, “I don’t know. What do you call a king on his birthday?” “An arsehole.” The guard goes-- (impact noise) At which point the two guards go (laugh) Ulog like gets off the ground and glares at you this very furious fiery stare and then gets up and then stumbles again and falls on the ground, flat again. The guard goes, "(laughs) All right, get in." Ulog now has like a bloody nose and as you ushers him in, he looks back. “Oh, we’re going to talk later.” You eventually make your way over to the edge of the alley, coming up to the hatch that leads you out of the sewer. There you guys see the two approaching shapes of Jester and Ulog. Ulog looking festive, if the wear is a bit tiny, making his hair and beard poof out of the sides of the mask. “Well, first off, I’m pretty keen at infiltration. I have a long past of doing sort of the breaking and entering thing. Plus, I want to be there when this happens. Have a personal stake." “I know the area alright.” “Do you think you know where he lives?” “All right. That’s all we need. The rest we can all do. Lead on.” Yeah, go for it. 17. Well there goes the campaign. As you guys make your way through the city streets, you can see the closer you get to the Silken Terrace, for one, the usual silk banners that adorn the various edges of the streets have been changed from the usual white silk banners to bright yellows, bright browns, bright reds. The colors of autumn are now starting to show and appear throughout the vicinity. You also hear the music begin to swell at the various performing bands towards the center where this gala is. You can see all the banners leaning in the center space. The sunset colors have vanished and now the night sky holds above. The Crownsguard are clustered in greater numbers in the Tri-Spire, specifically to keep a perimeter around the event. As you glance off to the entrance gate where you were, you can see there’s now stationed more towards that space, since you originally passed through. More musicians are arriving, some locally, some appear to be from other areas within the actual Empire. The social elite are gathering in the center of the Silken Terrace and you can now see the small carriages are stopping and letting other individuals out to join the crowds, the mingling beginning. You can already see about 60 or 70 people, with more still arriving. They all have their various colors and masks on. They’re all grabbing drinks and laughing and seeing old friends and introducing themselves to new people they haven’t met before. Some of them live in the Tri-Spire, some that live throughout and beyond. Make a perception check. Make a perception check. Unfortunately, you’re too far away and the masks obscure any of sort of details. You’re unable to see anyone you recognize, per se. But you do see that there are long tables that mark the perimeter that are already holding already preset glasses of wine and ciders. You can see the central tower of the Triumph Chime sits glowing right at the front and center of this gala. It’s all surrounding the base of it. And up in a spiral you can see lanterns and similar colors of autumn that spiral up the front of it. You guys begin to, carefully, and out of sight, make your way towards the estate of Lord Sutan. Please make stealth checks, everybody. Pretty good spread. You guys duck in between, avoiding being seen and blend in with the crowd as you pass other individuals that are making their way to the actual Gala event. There are nods and smiles, occasional laugh, as folks are conversing and chatting as they pass. You make your way over to the outskirts of the Gilded Willows, beyond the Skyscape Park and where the Constellation Bridge tower stands, to see, for many of you the first time, the three-story dark wood home of Lord Sutan. The marble pillars mark the cornerstones of where the metallic iron fence gate matches the perimeter. There’s a singular tree and still there are two guards posted at one and the same guard with the dog at the other. Well it’s been a day later. Seems to be. If look at the-- if the building’s a square. The house is mainly built as a rectangle, there’s the front door and the back where the cellar door is and there’s the perimeter fence. In the front, there are two guards. In the back, where the gate and the cellar door is, there’s a singular guard and his dog. The tree is up on this side. It’s just on the interior of it. Just within the gate. Correct. Probably not, no. “Who’s staying outside?” The two of you. All right. “If we can manage, if what you’re saying about this tree, we can possibly scoot past their visual range and not have to worry about it. And just use that as a backup.” “But we got to climb the tree.” “All right. Those that are staying at the base. The rest of us, let’s get to climbing.” It’s about five feet. "We get to the top, you use your little cat thing to distract it. Preferably the other side of the fence." "Right. Your cat. On the other side of the fence. While they're faced and focused in that direction, we make our ascent." "That might be on one of you." "All right." "Actually not a bad idea." It's cloudy.The sky itself is cloudy, and has been. Even though the storm blew by, it's still pretty heavy cloud cover. Those who are climbing the tree, athletics checks please. Yeah, you can do that. So Beau goes first. For climbing, we'll say athletics. It doesn't have a lot of branches. Eight? Well, you're not helping anybody. (chuckles) You get partway up, and Ulog is actually, like (grunting). He's doing fine. So he pushes you up the rest of the way. You climb up fine, skittering up past them. You actually climb over Beau and Ulog to get to the top first. 11? That's fine. You manage to get up there. And Caleb? You guys all get up there. Beau is the last to arrive. It's one if those things, too, where she starts first, but each person keeps putting their feet in her face on the way up. Okay, you guys get up to the top of the tree. You're up in the branches, in the bow, at the top. You can see now, it's a beautiful view of the gala in the distance. You can see the three towers, all arcing up, all lit from underneath from the lanterns and the light that have been significantly brightened for the events of the evening. You have a clear shot of the rooftop, which is at a slight decline from this current position. It's about ten feet from you, and about three feet down below. You can see there are two smokestacks that look like they're attached to fire places that might be good indicators of places to connect the rope. Who's throwing the rope? He takes it. He's like, "All right. You got to be pretty good at aiming this." "It's about 15, 20 feet from here." "But can you aim it?" So go ahead and roll a d20 and add your strength modifier. You throw it. Tink, tink. Okay. There's this roll of thunder off in the distance. It didn't catch anything, though, and it's scraping. Pulling back a little bit-- It didn't manage to. It got over to the roof, but it didn't catch anything. Okay. So you pull it and it scrapes, falls, and then dangles down. You manage to pull it up a little bit, dangle it up, yeah. Are you just throwing it? All right. So. He was holding the other side of it. The grapple arcs up really high, and arcs past. There's a brief moment where you see it go up, and then pass by you, heading down towards the wall. Is anyone going to do anything? You could try. Go ahead and roll. It looks like it’s just out of the grasp. She's going to try, so go ahead and roll a d20. Yeah. That's fine. So you manage to just catch it, holding onto the edge of the rope, before it clanks onto the ground. It's just dangling now. You pull it slowly back up. You going to try? Okay. And leap. Make an athletics check. I'll give you advantage because of the step of the wind. Your jump distance is doubled! Yeah, you're fine. You're fine. Just roll for the hell of it. I just want to see what happens. You, off the branch, leap. No sound. You grab it, affix it easily to one of the smokestacks you find up there. All right. Ulog takes it and ties the other side of the rope. You guys can all begin to shimmy across and make your way. So. The rope is set up. Are you guys just going to shimmy across? You're not there. You can't see it from here. There's no balconies on this house. Make an investigation check. 18? You don't find an entry way per se. One of the chimneys is wide enough for someone to pass through. It looks like there is a part of the roof that, if you were to try and remove some of the shingles, there might be some sort of entrance below it. You're on an angle there, on each side. You watch as Frumpkin runs past (cat yowling) outside of the gate. Immediately (dog barking). He's like, "No!" (guard stuttering) The dog drags him to the opposite side, like around the outside, into the fence and is now trying to bite. And Frumpkin's on the other side of the fence, going (meows and hisses). (barking), right into the fence. The guy's still holding back, like "Shit, no, stop! God, stop it!" Is pulling. You guys all make it across--no one seems to notice, none the wiser--onto the roof. You guys are watching; you guys are on--? Perception check from both you guys. That's up to them. Okay. Keeping an eye out there, there isn't any, at the moment, notable individuals wandering towards, or snooping around the house or your position. So you feel pretty safe. And change into a crownsguard? Okay. Got it. You guys, you are on the roof. There are two chimneys. There is the slight roof thing that you saw. Easy enough to do. All right. So. The barking slows. The dog is still barking in the direction of what was there, and seems to be still really entranced with the possibility of getting that fucking cat. Frumpkin does find his way to you, Molly. Guys on the roof, what are you doing? Some of them loosen and slip a little bit, and you can see there's a very, very faint groove on the wood beneath it. Like a gap. Okay. (thunder rumbling) off in the distance. As you begin to pry a little bit, it begins to move up. There is some sort of a hatch. It feels like a trap door a little bit. As it's pulling up, the shingles that are overlapped on it are overlapping the gap and start sliding a little bit. You immediately feel like if you open this, you're going to send a bunch of shingles sliding off of the roof. There is a very faint trail of smoke coming out of the chimney, by the way. So you begin to collect them. Where are you putting them? Okay. So you take a moment to go ahead and carefully-- You have a collection now of roughly 23 roof shingles in your haversack. So you can add that to your equipment. We'll say it takes you about five minutes or so to finally get all those off carefully. You manage to pry it open, and it opens up ever so slightly, and there's a chain on each end that prevent it from (slamming open). It opens up just enough that you can slip inside, and there is a small ladder there that you can use to slowly get down into a small attic. Okay. You cast Detect Magic. Right, 30 feet in the vicinity. Okay. It only goes down about five feet or so. It's a very small crawl space. You do. It's a very small crawl space. It's maybe, like, ten foot by five foot. It's very dusty in here. It looks like there are a few clay pots. There looks to be a portrait, like some sort of a large art piece, that's leaning against the wall and has some cobwebs over it. Other than that, it looks fairly empty, like it hasn't been used fully. You, casting Detect Magic. Let me check real fast. Yeah. So you look around the vicinity in this chamber and you do not see any sort of faint magical aura in the crawlspace. Make an investigation check. You do find, there is another trapdoor on the opposite end of the crawl space that is partially blocked by the art piece that's leaning against it. You shift it out of the way and unhinge the top, and it opens and drops down to a hallway that has like faint a crackling firelight inside this hallway. You glance down inside. You can see a long hallway with tapestries on each wall of a beautiful writing. There are two ornamental armor sets that are set up on the side. You can see an ornamental sword that is bolted on the wall on the opposite end and stairs not too far from where you are that head further down into the building, and there is a doorway that leads to the right on the opposite end of the hallway. He is, but he is behind you guys at this point. "All right. The two of us will keep an eye for traps." He's giving you an advantage. He's giving you the help actually. You were down to casting what spell? You were casting-- Okay. You go down and there are two torches that are burning in the edge, but they don't have a fuel source. They are an ever-burning torch and they are both fixed to the wall, giving this flickering light in the vicinity. You’ve come down to the hallway? So you guys have made your way down into the hallway. You’re still concentrating the spell, right? There are magical auras emulating from these torches. They're both everlight. You've seen this magic before. They just continuously burn. It’s continual flame. You also get a faint magical aura from each of the suits of armor, and a faint magical aura from the sword across the way on the opposite wall. Go ahead and make an investigation check with advantage. What'd you roll? A 20? 20. You carefully go forward and both you and Ulog pay attention. The floorboards of this hallway progress one after another, and there's a cluster about four of them, about a-foot-and-a-half across each of them, that are slightly lifted on one side. Glancing forward, you can see there’s some sort of pressure device that triggers when those boards are stepped on. You're not sure. "Actually-- fine." Correct. I would say-- That's an interesting question. Let me check something real fast. We'll say it can go in two different ways. I'm not entirely sure. No, no. I do here. It would be-- We'll say conjuration. No, transmutation, which you know well. Jester. As you finish concentrating on the spell and focusing on the wax seal, you get a blip of its location in the next chamber beyond where you are in the door on the right. As this is happening, Ulog is sighing loudly, pulls out some tools, and begins to fiddle with where the boards are on the ground. He manages to get a shortsword of his pressed underneath where the boards are and slips it across, slightly lifting each one as he goes until the sword peeks out the opposite side acting as a platform beneath. He goes and carefully steps on the boards, and then steps across with no effect. Roguesplaining, technically. As you guys head in, there's the closed door that leads into the chamber where you're sensing this aura. 13, okay. It is trapped. Yes. It's not locked, but it is trapped. Make a perception check. 15. You listen out. You do not hear any movement in the house other than what you currently are making. And a hiccup from out in the distance. Perception check from both of you guys, by the way, while this is happening. Okay. You don't seem to notice anything. All right. So you guys-- All right. You pull out your thieves'-- We'll find out! Go ahead and make a thieves' tools check. So roll a d20, add your proficiency modifier and your dexterity modifier. Should be plus six, I think? 16! As you carefully get down to where the knob is, you begin to turn it ever so slightly and you hear this spring begin to tighten, and you're familiar with that sound. So you manage to get your tool underneath, and you find where the spring is, it's barely in the space between where the door and the edge of the door frame is. You get the tool underneath, capture it, and as you pull the door open it prevents the spring from pulling back into the device. You slowly, as you expose it, reach in, snap the opposing side and remove the spring entirely, leaving the trap inert. As the door opens into a fairly well-decorated master bedroom. You see a large canopy bed, a beautiful detailed embroidered rug that consumes the center of the floor. You can see a fireplace to your right, the one that you saw that was attached to the top of the roof, that has a fire burning in it. It has two giant statues of lions on each side, this cool detailed shelf there. You can see a table with chairs to your left. You can see a slight opening to a balcony that's not visible from the outside. Okay. You're just scanning the room? All right. As you glance in and look, there is immediately to your left a large metal cabinet of some kind. It is made of dark iron, and gives a very faint magical aura to it. The rug in the center of the room gives a faint magical aura as well. You're looking for-- Okay, investigation check. You glance around and look in the chamber. You don't see anything that gives the essence of a trap to you. It looks like the trap was part of the entry here, but there's nothing immediately in the vicinity that resembles a triggering trap. The carpet? It's also transmutation, and the magic on the large case has a faint abjuration. It's underneath the rug. Mage Hand. Very helpful when setting grappling hooks on roofs. "I'm just saying, if I knew you could do that, you could've--" Investigation check. You can only see magical sources from what you can see. So if a thing's behind a wall or behind an object you don't see an aura. Natural 20! As they're having this conversation, you glance by the fireplace, the fire is crackling in there, and you glance down and right underneath the hearth, up where the fire's tickling, you see a piece of the stonework that doesn't match the others, it's slightly off-colored. It looks like the burning of the fire that's been given this dark and blackened look to it, there's one brick there that doesn't seem to have been affected by any of the soot at all. As your finger presses against the brick it slides in about a half an inch, and you hear this (click) sound over by where the metal large cabinet is. Yes. It vanishes. (cheering) Okay, the carpet peels back and it reveals beneath it a section of the wood that has a hinge bolted to one side of it. It's a square that's cut out of it, it looks like it's an open case. The carpet peels back, and then begins to fold back in its space, and then fold up again. It begins to slightly shift and rise, and the carpet almost seems to be gliding in the air on its own in the vicinity. It spins towards you and then rushes in your direction. I need everyone to roll initiative. That carpet is now gone, because instead you are fighting that carpet. (cheering) All righty, so Nott would've been over here. Yes, roll initiative, please. Beau, you're over by the fireplace so you've just seen that happen there, and I think that's-- Right, right. I forgot my dwarf mini. Well, no, it's in here somewhere. Forgot to bring it out. I am unprepared! That's fine, I'll use this. I'll say that that's him there, it's fine. Given that case, guys, first it's a surprise round, as it whips its way over towards Nott. It does, because it suddenly rushes in your direction. That is going to be a 21 to hit. Natural 16. It goes and wraps around you and completely envelops you within itself. All of a sudden you just see darkness, and you cannot breathe. Currently you are enveloped by the Rug of Smothering. Initiative here. Top of the round, 25 to 20 anybody. 24, that'll be you first, Nott. 20 to 15? Beau. 15 to 10? What'd you get Caleb? It's true! Nott, it's your turn first. You are restrained, you are blinded, and you are suffocating. At the start of your turn, you immediately take 12 points of bludgeoning damage as it's now crushing and constricting your entire body. You feel the life being pulled out of you as you're gasping for breath in this space. What are you going to do with your turn? Yes, you can still talk. You're (muffled sounds). You still have the breath you had in your body when it went around you, so I'll say you have enough air for one spell and then that's all. Is that a spell attack roll? Yeah, you would have disadvantage because you're restrained, but it's also smothering you so I would give you advantage to that, so it's just a straight roll. That hits! Go ahead and roll damage. Good to know. Nope! No, you are restrained. You can try and break free, but it's an action to try. But hey, there you go. Jester, you're up. Okay. You see it wrapping around and Nott's flailing about as this carpet is crushing her little body. Go ahead and-- Yes. Go for it. Oh yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage on that. Okay, it takes eight points of radiant damage, and Nott takes seven points of radiant damage. As you blast you hear Nott (muffled screaming) underneath, you get the sense all the damage dealt to this rug is divided with whoever it's enveloping. Jester, you going to stay where you are? Sorry, you would've been probably over here. You going to move or stay here? You move around and stand on the bed! All righty. That ends your turn Jester. Beau, you're up. That hits. Roll damage. That's three to you, Nott. Seven damage. That's four damage to the thing and you fail a death saving throw. No, that's on a critical. She wasn't attacking Nott specifically. She was attacking the rug. Okay. So you hit it twice. All right. And it makes a what saving throw? Constitution? That is an 11. All right. What do you want to know about it? It is actually not vulnerable to anything. You learned it is not vulnerable to anything. Now it's Ulog's turn. Ulog, who sees the rug there, is going to rush over and attempt to-- I know. It was the best I could find in the moment, you know? It's fine. He rolls a two, because NPCs that I try and fight with can't roll shit. That misses. That misses. To your benefit, Ulog tries to stab and is missing or hitting the edge of the tassels. It's not even making an impact on the rug. He is going to use a bonus action to disengage and head back towards where the balcony is. All right. So that goes ahead and ends that. That brings us to the rug's turn. The rug is going to go ahead and release Nott, and is going to attempt to completely envelop Beau. That's cocked. That is another 16. 21. You, Beau, are now enveloped by the rug. All righty. That's going to go ahead and end the rug's turn. Actually, the rug's going to go ahead, because it can still move-- Well, it's speed is nothing, nevermind. Well it would move her away. No, it's not going to do that. It doesn't have enough movement to move much. That brings us to the bottom. Caleb, you're up. Go ahead and roll for the heal on that. All righty. So how much does Nott heal? There you go. Top of the round. Nott, your turn. As you come to consciousness, you are still prone. Caleb moved around to join your side there to go ahead and apply the potion. You know what, go ahead and make an athletics check. No. You rush up and you grab it, and it actually lifts you off your feet and you are now being flailed in the air as you're grabbing the edge of the rug, going (screams). All right that ends your turn. Jester, you're up. Okay. You move up. Go ahead and make an athletics check. 12. You grab and you're not pulled off your feet, but the rug is too strong and it's not quite releasing its hold on Beau. Beau, it's your turn. At the top of your turn, you suffer ten points of bludgeoning damage. As it's crushing your body on the inside and you cannot breathe. It is your turn, though. You can still go. What are you doing, Beau? Yeah, you just have disadvantage on the attacks. So it was an 11? Misses. It's just too tight. You can't quite get any movement to hit it. It's a bad space for you. That ends your turn. It is now Ulog's go. Ulog is going to rush up and attempt to stab at it as he sees it wrapping around there. That is a 12. That hits. Yeah, I know. It does do sneak attack damage, because you guys are in the vicinity. He doesn't know. He's trying to help. That's going to be 12 points of piercing damage, so six to the rug and six to you. The rug is starting to look a little torn up in places and you can see bits of Beau showing through where the gashes are stabbing through. It's looking fairly hurt. It's the rug's turn. The rug is going to attempt to shift itself and Beau a little bit away this direction. It can only get five feet because its speed is halved pulling you along with it and its speed is ten. So Nott, you get an attack of opportunity, if you want to take one. You whip out your shortsword quickly. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage with sneak attack. If you want to sneak attack. You don't have to. 15, all right. That's eight to the rug and seven to Beau. The rug is barely holding on by a thread. You see it still keeps her constrained. You see parts of it are fraying and falling apart. The threads are dangling, but it's still keeping its mass strongly and tightly around her. It's still crushing her and mainly wrapped around her face so she can't see and she can't breathe. That ends the rug's turn. Caleb, you're up. You're up. Make an athletics check. There it is. You're trying to pull and you get some threads that snap off and you're like "Shit!" It's not working. You're not getting the right grasp on it. That ends Caleb's turn. Nott, you're up. No, it's you and then Jester. Yeah, that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. If you want to do it with sneak attack, up to you. It looks like it’s doing pretty rough. It's up to you. So that's five damage to Beau and the rug. You tear through the rug. You cut through and the rug bisects, but you also see that where you cut through also cut across the front of Beau as her eyes roll back and she plops onto the ground, the rug falling in pieces to the ground around her, coming to rest. Okay, go ahead and cast Cure Wounds to heal. So you gather all the pieces of the rug to join your shingles. It does not appear to be trapped. It does appear to be locked. Roll again. Correct. Yeah, easy enough. (lock clicks) You manage to open it up and there is a small chest about that big that rests in a small cubby beneath. SAM and As you open the chest, make a constitution saving throw. Okay. So first, there's a sudden burst of a brief light through it, and all your muscles tense up and you are paralyzed. Ulog goes, "No traps," and pulls it open. No issue. Inside with Ulog, you see a beautiful set of burgundy and gold robes that are up hanging, you see a set of polished bracers made of cobalt steel that are both dangling on a hook, and you see three ancient statuettes, like relics or collector's items, that are arranged on the bottom of it that all look like old museum pieces. Are you still concentrating? That's true, you didn't take any damage. None of them are glowing except for the cobalt bracers. Make a history check. Ten. You do not, unfortunately. Holding to the chest. The chest which is now open, in Nott's hand. No. On the inside there is a faint glow. If you look inside, you see there's a cluster of platinum pieces. They're stacked on the side and have shifted around from the movement. You see a single polished river stone, about that big, that is giving a glowing aura, and you see a few sticks of wax and a single pressed wax seal. You do not see in this vicinity any letters or handwriting, no. Marisha, make a perception check. You both make perception checks. 18? You do glance-- Good to know. You glance off to the side and there is a desk in the corner that has two sets of drawers that are currently closed. Okay. You grab it and put it in your pocket. Okay. Okay (clicking). Mostly it's just blank parchment. You do see a few notes that are maybe partially written letters that were crumpled up and thrown in there that are Lord Sutan's handwriting. Okay. Go ahead and roll for your forgery kit. So roll a d20, add your proficiency modifier and your intelligence modifier. I'm sorry, guys. Sure. I'll say since you were helping her that I'll give you advantage on the roll. Advantage on the roll. So roll one more time. You start making one and it's not quite working out and Beau looks over your shoulder, points it out, you take it-- You throw it in the fireplace and incinerate that one and then make another one. This one is pretty solid and it matches the writing perfectly. (hissing) Done. In the current room? There is a shelf in the hallway that you can see that has a few books. No there's nothing glowing. Okay. You guys make your way back up to the entranceway up into the crawlspace above the attic, pull it closed and latch it. You move the art piece back over. You make your way back to the edge of the roof where you guys had exited, climbing the ladder that's attached to it, making your way onto the roof, getting Nott up there, manhandled, Ulog following you as you get to the top. You close it-- You put the shingles back in the space. For that, I'm going to have to have you both roll dexterity checks, please. Or, since you're helping, have you roll a dexterity check with advantage, because you're helping her. Yes. 15. Okay. You manage to find and arrange them in a way where they aren't going to slide off and even with a bit of rain that's in there you find the pockets where they originally, mostly sitting so they're not going to coast with any sort of weather shift. All right. You guys are noticing at this point as they're on the roof, because you're paying attention you see them begin to emerge on the roof as you begin to see a cluster of crownsguard doing a pass through the street. Yeah. There's four of them that are approaching and they're going by and keeping an eye on things. Okay. "What kind of disturbance?" Make a deception check. Technically, no because you weren't part of it. Had to catch it before the roll, unfortunately. That's okay, (chuckles) he rolled a one. The snitch isn't working for me tonight. So the two of them don't seem to quite buy into it, but the two of them that go, "Well, all right. We'll follow. Lead on." Leads the three-- you jog along. Two of them continue their route. "Keep moving along." "We're all right, but thank you." They keep walking. Frumpkin makes his way around. (barking) Again, the dog unleashes a torrent of barks, like "No, not again!" You hear the other guy being pulled across the yard. He's being dragged through the wet grass. You guys begin to make your way across. Who's carrying Nott across? Make an athletics check as you try to make your way across the rope. So do you want to save yourself or Nott? Because one of you is falling. As you grasp, you loop Nott around the rope. As you lose your grip, feeling it coming and you tumble down. Falling three stories. So you take 12 points of bludgeoning damage as you crack! Hit the ground. As you impact, the two guards that were talking to you and chatting, immediately whip around and see Jester on the ground and put their hands on their weapons and begin rushing towards her. You're on the outside of the fence, yeah. Like just barely. You just missed the wall. Nott is up on the rope, hanging and dangling. Sure. You tug her over onto the roof. 12 damage. Make a deception check. You should have said before the roll. (groaning) "Right. All right." They drag you and start bringing you towards the gates out of the Tri-Spire. So you two make your way-- "Miss, you've got to sober up and you can find your way back tomorrow morning." So they escort you out of the Tri-Spire. You guys are pushed beyond the gates and there's now eight guards at each gate that are preventing any passage in and out. You guys are shoved back out into the city. However, that distraction gives you guys enough time to get the rest of you over and down to the beyond the tree. Okay. So you guys all get across. You leaving the rope there or are you detaching it? Okay. Make a dexterity check. Aw, Gil. It's about ten feet from you. Okay. The rope does break, and the grapple bends. The grapple's not usable anymore. You do remove the evidence, but the grapple’s not usable at the moment. As you guys pull yourselves away from the vicinity about 45 minutes later as you guys are collecting yourselves eventually the paralysis wears off. It lasted for an hour total. What are you guys doing? Yeah. Ulog pulls out a pocket watch and he looks and it and is like "Oh, she better fucking hurry up. Let's go." You guys make your way over towards where the High-Richter's home is. The two of you guys head back-- You guys are heading back to where the sewer is, you're saying? There is another entrance. It's on the northern side. Could be. Okay, you rush around through the street. You make your way back to the northern gate to the district and there there is another nine or ten guards stationed, with one on the top of the wall with their crossbow ready. As you approach, "Hey! Sorry, no entry. The gala is tonight." Make a deception check. I know. The rolls have been phenomenal. 18? Gives you both a look over. "All right, then." Yeah. Because of-- yeah, you can take a short rest. You get that back. So you guys get to use hit dice, they do not. There you go. Yeah. You guys carefully find a space that's away and out of sight, probably by one of the small fountains on the side and you all sit there and rest for a bit, having drinks. Eventually, you guys manage to catch up with the rest of the group as they're finishing their short rest. You've reconvened, you have your materials. Ulog's staring at his pocket watch, again looking off at the gala in the distance, is like "All right, if we're going to fucking do something, let's do it." "Ah," and he looks off and is like, "I don't know. Fuck it. Let's go now. I can't wait any longer." No. You're on the outskirts of the home, and you've been here once before, this wall is not an iron gate. It's an actual solid, tall stone and mason wall that’s pretty tight. There's maybe a three-foot gap between the side of the house, like three or four-foot gap from the side of the house to this. The building is two stories. There is the upper balcony that overlooks the whole exterior of the area before it. There are the two guards at the front. Okay. In what outfit? All right. What are the rest of you guys doing? Make a perception check with advantage, because they're helping you on this one. You don't see any secret entrances, you don't see any other gates. Looks like the front door is the main way to get in, or over the wall. There is no one watching the back, as it is a solid gate. It seems like the only entrance is from the front, and that's probably intentional from a defensive standpoint. The wall is about-- let me check real fast. This would be seven-foot. You glance down. A small area of wildflower and natural bushes have grown to fill the space in between, where it's thigh-high. There is a door in the back, near the wall, with a small yard, maybe a ten-foot yard, towards the very back area. There's a small porch area with nice chair and a little reading nook. There's a book left outside that looks like it got rained on and forgotten, it's dried and crinkled. There is a door that leads in from the back of that porch area there. There are no people in the back. Make an athletics check. Sorry, acrobatics, for you. Without even touching the wall, you double-flip in the air and land, ever so silently. You almost land on the book table, causing it to knock over, but you just miss it. You're there quietly now, there's the door across the way. What are you guys doing? You approach the two guards and they both look at each other. Make a deception check. 22. They both go, "Oh, shit. Right in." One pulls out the key unlocks the gate. They open from each side as you rush through. Make a deception check for you as well. With advantage, because you're dressed as her. They both go, "Ma'am." They both pull back, frightened. You go to the front door. It's locked. One of them rushes forward and unlocks it, glancing out of the side of his eye towards you, shaking. "Gah!" Opens the door and it throws open. They close the door quietly behind you. LAURA and No. It is dark. There is no light source on the inside right now. It's low light through the vicinity. You see the interior chamber that is-- It is gaudy as fuck in here. You see all the walls have really intricate siding and there's inset designs that are carved into it, with statues and busts of various elven figures. The main chamber leads to a spiral staircase that leads to the second floor. You see three busts on each side of all these different elven, very regal-looking figures adorning each side. You see around the side of it to the right, there appears to be a dining hall with a long table. (metal hitting the table) There you go. To the left it, looks like a kitchen vicinity, and there's the spiral staircase that leads up. Outside of the wall where you guys are, Ulog's like, "My turn. Give me a lift?" "Are we not going in?" Make an athletics check. 17. You climb up over the wall and get to the very top. He puts his hands up. "Help me." "Because I helped put this together. I want to be here. I want to make sure this happens." "Understand, she might have paperwork up there that could absolve my wife." Make a persuasion check. He gives you a nice, solid look and goes, "Understood," and then leaps up onto the wall and off the other side, landing next to Nott. He glances up, sees you gone, and leaps. He barely crests the top. He's a nimble dwarf. Make an investigation check. Make it with advantage. As you glance about the space, you can see the statues that are facing each other on each side, it looks like the dust on the pedestal is brushed off in an arc, like they are often rotated. Because you rolled a natural 20, you notice that the dust that's grinding is from the sliding of the statues, and they all seem to slide towards the stairs. If you look where the dust is on them, there's a slight outcropping on each of them and the position appears like they have been moved many times away-- they're facing each other-- to look toward the stairs. As you do that, they both (stone grinding), and you hear this (click) sound. The first two, they shift over towards that, matching the space where the dust had shifted, and you hear a slight click or release sound. There's three sets of these. So you do one then the other. You do it together, all three of them shift, and with each one you hear a click and release. You guys are in the backyard. Are you doing anything? The three of you are back there with the lock. The back door is locked. Make an investigation check, if you'd like. SAM and I know, look at this! The back door is locked, it is not trapped. You go and get the tools in there and it gets stuck. "Oh, so now you need my help. Perfect." Yeah, that'll do it. He goes ahead and takes them from you and then (click), gets it, pulls them out gently, hands them back to you. Like Ghost-style? He does so, but he does so begrudgingly. He's like (grumbles). He pulls away and quickly gets it, and hands them back to you. "Here you go." "Ugh." Opens the door, you guys hear the slight creaking of a doorway down in the second floor as you're ascending the stairs. You glance inside. It does not appear anything in the vicinity-- It's a dining room. You can see the opposite side of a long table with chairs. Make a perception check. No, you heard a door down below. You heard them enter from elsewhere in the building, but you just heard a (creak). What? Yes. (meows) Jumps down into the back and goes and catches up to you. You glance inside. Nothing magical catches your attention in the chamber. Yes. Make a stealth check? You, as you begin to set up busking, one of the other guards wandering by comes by, kicks your cards a bit, and goes, "Hey, hey! Move along. No street busking, too late. Gala's on." "I said piss off. Keep moving." He sits there and watches you do it. Okay. What did you roll for stealth? You walk around, as you're casing the joint, as you're watching, you keep an eye on the two guards to the front. The two guards are looking out, and one of them makes eye contact with you, and as you walk, he watches you walk, and you realize that moment that you've been noticed. You're being watched from a distance. No, most everybody's at the gala right now. You can see in the distance, you can see the party's still going on. The music's still playing from the distance. There's still drinking and revelry muffled in the distance, the din of the crowd giving this low (distant cheering). He's not following you. He's just watching you as you walk. So you're going to try and move out of his eyesight? You move out of his eyesight. Perception check. Nothing seems to catch your eye, no one following you. You guys, you heard the creak from downstairs. What are you doing? You head to the top floor. Investigation check, both of you. You guys, what are you doing? There's a long dining room table with chairs set up. It leads out into a foyer area. You get to the second floor. There's a small landing and a singular door. The door does not appear to be locked or trapped. As you guys head through the dining area into the main foyer, you see there is the hallway that leads into the kitchen, the staircase that spirals upward, and these statues that are all facing towards the stairs. The statues give off a magical glow, and you hear the sound of a (creak) upstairs, a door slowly creaking open. As you guys look into the chamber, as the door swings open, you see a darkened bedroom, equally gaudy as the rest of the house. You can see along the walls there are portraits of men, human, different ages, that are all lining it. You can there's a small chamber, an archway that leads into a washroom. You can see an ivory basin that's barely visible from the little bit the moonlight that's coming through, a gable window on the opposite side of the chamber. It protrudes a bit, arcs, then ends there. In the center of where that gable window is, there's-- A roller desk. The front has been rolled shut. There's a door on each side of the gable window that leads to the balcony that you saw before, that looks over everything. It's a giant glass window that looks out over the city. It has a beautiful view of the Tri-Spires and the gala in the distance. You can see the light emanating over the dark night sky. There is a large bed, and floor itself is covered in tiger and animal skins as a means of decor in the space. The walls themselves are a faint gray-blue velvet texture. It's terrible. That's what you have in front of you. "Right." You guys all head up the stairs together as a group. Perception check on both your guys' points. Five. Okay. You guys keep an eye out in the vicinity. Nothing seems to pique your interest. Again? Okay. Good to know. All right. You guys check around. There are no traps in the vicinity. You do, as you approach the roller desk, it is locked. There is like an actual keyhole and there is something that is meant to unlock the desk. Yeah. And Ulog-- you guys all come up to the landing and you can see the door inside. Nothing magical in the vicinity other than what you guys have on yourselves. Okay, make an investigation check. Reaching around the desk, there's no tricks, no trips, no buttons or anything. You're looking through the bed? Make an investigation check. Nice. Reaching underneath, you find a hard object, a binding, and you pull-- it's a book. You slowly pull it out and take a look at it. No. It's a familiar leather tome that was an illegal story that was previously presented to you in a smut bookstore that had been hidden in the cushions of the bed. It has a place marker about two thirds of the way through. Ulog at this point is looking about the room as well. He rushes over to the desk where you are and he goes, "Don't worry, I got this." He's going to go ahead and attempt to pick the lock on that. Yeah, you guys have all caught up. You're in the room now. As you glance through, there is a faint magical essence that begins to appear from the desk as Ulog (click) opens it. It slides open and you see a faint glow from a small case about that large sitting on the desk. "That's fine." He starts-- No, he's going through paperwork. He's grabbing books and he's starting to thumb through-- Yeah. Go ahead and place the letter in there. There is no fireplace in this room. You don't see a wastebasket necessarily, no. There's a small, almost like a pot of some kind that is set next to the desk that looks like it might be used as a receptacle occasionally. That would be evocation. Make an intelligence check. 18. While the shape is not familiar to you, the size and the length of it, you've seen these type of cases before. They're usually used to contain important rolled pieces of parchment, specifically those that need to be protected from the elements because they contain enchantments on them. This is a scroll case. Ulog is going through papers frantically and like searching through. He's going to make an investigation check. There looks like a space there, it's a table, it doesn't have a drawer or anything, it's just a table you can hide something on or put something underneath. A faint bit; there's like a candle and a small piece of clockwork. Okay. At that point, Ulog goes-- Right. There's another thing that you see there. There is a small box that is wrapped in silver cord that is resting on the desk on top of a stack of books. Not at the moment. Everything that you've seen, yes. There are giant gable windows. You have the most beautiful view of the city. Make a perception check. Yes. Okay. Well, first off, Ulog at this point is going through and he goes, "I found it!" He's reading through and he's like frantically going through the words. "That fucking bitch." He starts reading out loud as you're glancing over. He says, "These are the notes on Illiana's case. Saying that she wanted to show that even the most unassuming dwarf can be a cutthroat. She admits that she was innocent, but did it anyway just to set an example." He takes it and folds it. "Oh yeah, we can." He holds it in his hand. As you glance over to the side, you can see the front gate (creak) open. Sorry, you see it close. (clink) You hear the sound. You guys hear this as well, though you were trying to keep an eye over there, you totally found yourself spacing a bit and didn't notice something shifting towards the door. Okay. "Is it all set?" "Out the back door. All right." You guys all heading outside? Make a perception-- Hold on. Make a perception check. Make a sleight of hand check. That's what this is for. You were. Eight? You notice him go for it. You guys are all watching this from the landing. As you all slowly come to rest and look back, and Caleb, as you walk out, you stop at the landing next to Ulog, and Beau-- oh sorry, you're not there. You stop next to Ulog as, right there at the bottom of the stairs looking up, you see, in a very beautiful, elegant, dark green dress, the High-Richter Prucine. "Hmm. My, my. I'm glad I forgot my gift, or I would have missed you reprobates breaking and entering the home of a High-Richter. I believe that carries a life sentence in the Umber Dungeon, wouldn't you say? If I might ask, what are you looking for? You have my curiosity piqued." There's a brief pause, as you're all glancing down. Ulog holds up the paper in his hand, and he goes, "You. You put my wife in chains and you know she's innocent! We got proof now! It's over for you." She chuckles and scoffs as she falls onto her back leg. "And how do you plan to deliver it? Curious. You think my home won't be swarming with guards in a few minutes?" She pulls a brass bell out from under her pouch and rings it outside-- It's such a fast moment, if you didn't have anything prepared, it happens too quickly. You're like "ah!" and the bell rings. "You, stump sucker. I'll bleed over the extra years of your sentence into your wife's. That way you can both rot together on opposite sides of the dungeon." Ulog looks at you all like, absolute fury and sadness in his eyes. You see like tears down his cheek. He goes and takes the paper in his hand and puts it in your arm, Caleb, making eye contact with you, and goes, "Promise me you'll see her freed, friend." On her? All righty. Natural 20. She resists it. She goes, "What are you trying--" and Ulog goes, (roars) grabs towards his neck and runs, leaps off the stairs towards her and attempts to tackle her. You watch-- yeah. He goes and (boof)! She falls onto the ground and onto the landing of the spiral staircase. They both slide a moment. You watch as she goes, "What are you--" and he grabs and pulls that orange-ish bead that he had on his necklace and slams it into her mouth and holds it over. There's a moment of tension before-- (explosion) A flash of white, fiery, burning light explodes, a fireball sundering the interior of the staircase. You all have your ears ringing. The pain's there. The ones that are closest by would have been you, Caleb; I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw, please. That's a failure. Thankfully a shitty roll for you. That is 21 points of fire damage. Caleb goes unconscious onto the ground. As you guys all come to in the moment, you look down at the middle of the staircase the walls are blackened, the staircase is currently in the process of burning, and down, you see the twisted, gnarled corpses of both Ulog and the High-Richter Prucine. You hear (boom). As you head down the stairway, you can see the front door being hit from the opposite side. You guys watch this flash of light. The glass windows shatter outward from the balcony. The two guards at the bottom go, "Uh!" They quickly throw open the gate and are now currently slamming themselves trying to barricade into the door. Okay. As you guys are rushing, make a perception check. Okay. As you guys are rushing, you suddenly hear this very loud, high-pitched whine sound. You're like (pained sound). It causes your head to-- and you, especially glance over as you begin to surmise the direction, you look past and you can see the Tri-Spires there. In the direction, you see the mighty Zauber Spire, of the Halls of Erudition there in the distance, and you see there this growing, black, spherical mass beginning to emerge from the side of the lower third of the tower. You watch as it expands, the whining gets louder and louder. You hear this crack sound as the black sphere suddenly folds into nothing, and where it was, you see all the stone that made that part of the tower collapse, crush, and then stumble. The tower begins to slowly shift, as you hear in the distance screams echoing around. The music stops. The attention of the guards suddenly shift over from the banging door to the tower crumbling. You watch as the tower-- suddenly there's a flash of blue light, and the tower stops. You see a brief shift of a force field on the bottom that holds it in place, partially collapsed. You see two figures take off from the top. You see two other figures leap out of the hole from where the explosion, weird black sphere was at the base of it, and leap down about 35-40 feet, below the tree line. You see the two figures begin coasting, flying through the air in the direction where they were, as bolts of energy start arcing out of their hands towards where those two other figures fell. The screams are getting louder now and you can see now the guards are starting to rush out of the various street corners. You guys are rushing around-- you were rushing towards the back, and then slowed as this started happening. It's distracting you. You guys start hearing this cacophony outside as you rush through the back door. You get to the back wall. What are you doing? You get that door open, you guys start rushing out there, you heal up Caleb. You come to consciousness being dragged, your feet grinding. Well, the windows are shattered, the explosion-- Make an acrobatics check followed by a stealth check. Well, you reduce the damage you take by one die, so you only take two points of bludgeoning damage. As you land, your ankle twists, and you tumble and roll and get up. What's your stealth check? Using the chaos that way and the guards that are now out in the middle of the street, you land behind them. One of them goes to turn in your direction, and you dart behind the wall, leap over the side and arc around to meet the rest of the party, as you all slowly begin to climb over the back wall, where Beau and Molly are waiting for you. Running to the sewers? Everyone make a stealth check as you're trying to make your way through there. People are now starting to run back to their homes, you can see people running and screaming now, dressed in full attire for the gala, leaving their masks behind, screaming bloody murder. Okay. I know, that's okay. So a couple of bad rolls, but for the most part, you guys averaged okay. Thankfully with the chaos, and the way you are dressed, you manage to push through and mingle well, it wasn't too hard. You make your way through the town, you can see the tower still being held in place and the two figures that you saw gliding before? As this is happening, and you're rushing through, you see a few other bolts hit, a large bolt of lightning grind down in the distance, before eventually they both begin to peer over and are now looking up and down the streets. As you make your way back towards the alley, over by where the gala is, you see a shadowed figure dart out from behind, and a bolt of lightning strike. There's a detonation of burned ozone as the figure falls to the ground, smoking. As you walk over to the figure, you see one of the flying entities floating down. You can see now this robed mage figure, with a staff in hand, wearing a large ornamental mantle, long grayish hair, is now gliding down in the direction of the dark figure of the ground. Male. Yeah, you guys see this as you come around-- The age roughly, from this distance from what you can see, its later. Older age, 70s human, if human, but you can't quite get the details. It starts shouting, "One has fallen. Find the other," and coasts back off, doing a pass, looking through the various streets. Well, the guards have rushed forwards and grabbed the body and are now dragging it back towards the tower. Make a perception check. Aw, 18! All you can see is the cloak. The cloak is blocking most of the body, you see a hand behind that's like a leather gauntlet except for fingers exposed. The fingers appear to be-- the glove or design of it are almost like they were dipped in blue. Like there's some sort of a blue tipped glove as its dragged back. That's all the details you can make out, unfortunately, as it's being pulled away off the street. The guards are now swarming, people are trying to get back to their houses. People are swarming the gate out of the Tri-Spire, and the guards are trying to hold them back, calm them down, and it’s nearing a riot at this point. You guys make your way over to the edge of the sewers, begin to look around for a moment where nobody's watching, and one by one make your way down into the darkness, closing it behind you. As you all get down into the quiet of the underground, there's a moment where you can hear the distant muffling of movement. Footsteps, making their way back and forth across the alleyway, other yells and screams, information in the distance, far too far away for you to make out the details of what's being said. What do you do? Caleb, at this point you glance down and you're still clutching, in your fingers-- No, the paper that Ulog left behind. Are you guys making your way back? You're heading back through the sewers the direction you came. Okay. Barely sneaking away from the insanity of the district, you walk through the darkened sewers down the same familiar path that you walked to make your exit, coming up on one of the false junctions, where the left side of it is partially collapsed but the right side continues to where the T-section is. Beauregard, Caleb and Molly and Jester, because you guys all have the higher passive perceptions, you begin to notice this area where there's no water that drains down the centre groove of this part, you see spatters of liquid. Well, there's no light in here currently. Dancing Lights open up the area here as you hit the intersection. You see it is dark and red. It is spatters of blood, and as you glance up right there at the intersection, you see a figure, one hand against the wall, breathing heavily. You glance towards it and take a moment as the light globes are now shifting out to light the space. You see a humanoid figure, seemingly male in outline, adorned in jet black, almost insect-like leather armour that protrudes in large sweeping hooks at the joints - the elbow joints, the shoulders. A helmet that's form-fit black leather and onyx studs wraps around their head. It looks demonic, the brow plate sweeping backwards into rear facing horns. Their other hand is dangling, clutching a cannonball-sized, twelve-sided dodecahedron shape, about that big, that has a handle on each side. It's emitting a dull undulating grey glow. As you cast Armor of Agathys on yourself, the figure, which you now see is the source of the blood, looks heavily wounded and is breathing heavily. The lights now up, its head (creaks) turns towards you and you hear a voice say (guttural speech). Does anybody here speak Undercommon? What are the components of that one? As you begin to make the incantation, the figure pulls their hand away and draws this horrible, gnarly-looking hooked blade from the sheath, and goes (snarls) and rushes in towards you. And that's where we're going to pick up next week. (yelling) Always trust the porn. There were a few chances for you guys to see High-Richter Prucine arriving, but you kept rolling low perception on the outside-- --and I was like, “All right she's going to get the drop on you guys.” There were so many different ways that could've gone. But it made for an interesting story! Aw, man. Guys, that was awesome, well done. They don't trust people that don't look trustworthy like you, Molly.