Hello, everyone. (laughter) Super excited to be back. I've missed this a lot. Missed this-- oh, you guys will be fine. So yes. Glad you guys can join us, apparently in some crazy numbers. So welcome new viewers. Hope you enjoy your stay. So, without further ado, let's get this going so we can get through our announcements. Since it is our first episode of the year, of the campaign, I want to make sure that we get our announcements out of the way. We've got some cool stuff to talk about. First and foremost, we have two sponsors tonight. Our first sponsor-- and we're going into, for a time, a cool partnership with the folks at DnD Beyond, actually. They've been really awesome, and we've been talking, and anybody who hasn't seen it, it's an online digital tool where you can create your own D&D character, they have options to purchase any of the current D&D books out there, and then carry over any of the character options and racial options over into it, so you can basically use it as a tool. We'll be using it to help us out in the game as we go, 'cause it's actually got some pretty cool stuff. So excited about that. It is D-N-D Beyond, by the way, if you haven't seen, not the ampersand. It's D-N-D. Nnnn. But yeah, so they're going to be a long-term partner for the show, so working with us through the start of this campaign. We're super excited. But yeah. So we're excited. You can currently activate-- it should be now-- some Critical Role content on there. They should have available the Blood Hunter class that I created a couple of years ago, kind of refining. Should be available for you guys to find on the DnD Beyond, which I'm excited about, and there's a one-time discount of $10 off any digital book in the dndbeyond.com marketplace if you use the codeword 'beginnings' in there right now. So yeah, get a chance to check it out. So yeah. I'm super excited to have that, guys. So you apply that code at checkout to make that happen, in case you're confused and trying to get it to work. There's a bunch of stuff to explore on there, and a bunch of cool ways to incorporate the existing breadth of D&D lore and options in there, and now you have some of our stuff in there as well, and hopefully more Critical Role content and Tal'Dorei content and Exandria content down the road to also be available on there as we go. Super excited about that. I'd like to thank you guys at DnD Beyond for being awesome. We also have our second sponsor. Sam, if you want to take it away. Thank you, Sam. So thank you, Backblaze. Happy to have you for our sponsor tonight as well. Also, as a heads-up, we've had our friends at Wyrmwood for a while have been awesomely providing Wyrmwood dice boxes and dice trays and dice towers to give away to people in the community. They have new boxes for all the players in the new campaign. And they have been working on something for a while for us to kick off the new campaign. They made us a new table. If we can go to a camera view of this table they made for the campaign. (cheering) This is true! Thank you guys, Wyrmwood. If you aren't familiar with any of their stuff, go to wyrmwoodgaming.com, that's W-Y-R-M-wood Gaming dot com. They do awesome work. It's really super high-quality, it's great. So thank you guys. All right, so. Let's see. Updates we can get through. Laura, do you have an update for merch stuff in the new year? None of us have that much talent in post, Sam. Let's not talk about what I-- when I put that outfit on, I did not consider quite the permeation in my life it would become. So there's that. God damn it. That's true, yeah. Okay, next announcements the Critical Role podcast we have currently up to date. All of Vox Machina's story, the whole first campaign, is now on the podcast. You can find it where the finest podcasts are downloaded. And do we have an update as far as the release schedule for this podcast? To be fair, you guys would have about as much free time on a Thursday as I would. Cool, so look forward to that. Comic book, issue four of Critical Role Vox Machina Origins, Liam, when does that come out? Thank you very much. That's okay, guys, we've got a couple more things left. Thank you for hanging in there. As far as con appearances go, I actually fly tomorrow to Miami, Florida for Paradise City Comic Con. I'll be there tomorrow until Sunday. If you guys are in the area, come say hi at the convention. It should be fun. I have panels and signings and stuff. Hopefully see you there. Also, I'll be at Lexington Comic and Toy Con in Lexington, Kentucky, March 9-11, Otafest in Calgary, May 18-20, and A-Kon in Texas, June 7-10. Badass. Cool. All right, so. Paring it down, finishing it up here. Thank you for your patience. With the new campaign, I want to renew our appreciation for and make sure that we push to you guys that we, from the very beginning, have been supporting a really amazing charity called 826, 826LA being our local chapter. They have 826 groups all over the United States that they do after-school creative writing, and a lot of great creative classes for children who are either underprivileged or don't have opportunities to go to these types of classes. They do wonderful, wonderful work, and we've been supporting them from the very beginning, and we're just doubling down on that for this new campaign. You guys as a community have been fantastic in supporting them, and all the charities that we've supported from the very beginning. Critmas every year has been a very prime example of that, so I just wanted to continue to push that forward, share the love, and a big thank-you to 826 for being such an amazing source of creative drive for so many young kids who normally wouldn't have that opportunity. So you guys are amazing, and show them your appreciation if you can. (cheering) He actually painted me and Marisha's cake toppers for our wedding, and whenever you manage to see them in the campaign, you can know that it's his handiwork. Soon enough. I love it. So you can follow him, @PaintingTusk on Twitter. And final thank-yous to Warner Bros and Monolith Entertainment for letting us incorporate the Shadow of War soundtrack into our Critical Role soundtrack here on the air, so those will be coming into the new campaign. And, super excited, CD Projekt Red has been nice enough to allow us use of the Witcher series soundtrack to also incorporate into the campaign, which, honestly, when we started playing at home, the Witcher soundtrack was most of my music, and I couldn't use it when we started streaming, and so it's been a cool full-circle to be able to bring it back in. Plus it brings a unique flavor that works with the new campaign setting, so. With that, I believe our announcements are done. Thank you for bearing with us. So, as we bring it down, guys, let's go ahead and prepare to dive in to the new year and the new campaign for this episode of Critical Role. (yelling) [80s music] (laughter) We've definitely returned to the table. Thank you, Sam. So. That's okay. So. Everyone. Everyone. Welcome to Wildemount. The year is 835 P.D., or post-Divergence. This continent is divided both by jagged terrain and political powers. The Menagerie Coast, a collection of city-states united under the Clovis Concord, monopolizes the southwestern shores and ports of Wildemount, thriving on open trade and cultural freedom. Beyond the Cyrios Mountains lies the massive region known as Wynandir, bisected by the Ashkeeper Peaks. Eastern Wynandir houses the expansive wastes and turbulent badlands of Xhorhas, overrun with all manner of beasts and terrors, relics from the final battles of the Calamity that ruined that scarred landscape. Northward, you would find the Greying Wildlands, a lawless realm harboring a curse that has kept it unconquered by human hands. However, this story begins in the territory of Western Wynandir, within the boundaries of the Dwendalian Empire. Emerging 13 generations before, the Dwendalian Empire has slowly spread to encompass the surrounding societies of the region, absorbing the peoples of the Zemni Fields and the Marrow Valley, before finally conquering the Julous Dominion and taking the whole of Western Wynandir for the Empire. No. This is-- let me continue. Under the rule of the current King Bertrand Dwendal, now in his 68th year, most are left to their own devices. You live as you did before. The crown only takes a tithe of what you produce and earn. You follow its laws, worship its gods, and bow to its installed local leadership. In return, denizens of the Empire are protected from the chaotic horrors and shadowed evils that stalk the edges of the civilized lands. This accord has led to a prosperous century for the Empire, or at least the political elite. Tensions brew beneath the chafing watch of the Crown's Guard. Every temple is government-owned and run, and worship outside the approved idolatry is met with imprisonment. Rumors of military clashes at the eastern border near Xhorhas have many common folk on edge. Our story, however, begins much smaller. Here in the southern reaches of the Marrow Valley, beyond the entry gates of the Wuyun Gorge, lies the small rural town of Trostenwald. Bordering the blue waters of the Ustaloch, this town came to prominence near the turn of this recent century, when the surrounding fertile farmlands were discovered to produce a unique type of grain and wheat, leading to a boom of breweries. When the glut subsided, three large families stood triumphant in the local business of fermented delights. Now Trostenwald thrives on their exports of fish, crops, and ale. Here in this sleepy trade stop along the Amber Road, a handful of wandering destinies slowly begin to intersect. We begin in the early hours of the morning on the day of Grissen in a messy room on the second floor of the Nestled Nook Inn. A bleary-eyed, bruised man in a tattered coat slowly wakens from his lengthy sleep, catching his small, snoring ally curled at the foot of the bed. Liam, if you would like to describe your character, please. (nervous laughter) And your name is? All right. As your smaller friend curls awake, Sam, would you like to describe your character? Well. What's your name? So Caleb, as you come to consciousness, you glance over and can see, slowly snoring and rousing at about the same time, Nott's eyes blink open, her slowly groaning face looking over towards you. At this point, you notice the gentle smell of cooked meats and promises of mediocre porridge and eggs just barely begins to creep beneath the subtle floor of your room, meet your nostrils. All right, so you prepare yourself with your mask set over? Which is helpful. The southern, more rural region of the Empire, especially near Felderwin, which is one of the largest tilling and farming areas of the entire Empire, has a very heavy halfling population. And so while this city is not the core of it, you'd probably see a larger 20-25% of the population here in Trostenwald is halfling. So you pass off pretty decently as long as you keep away from discerning, intent eyes. So the two of you manage to gather your things for the time being, wander down the stairs from the top floor down to the base of the tavern, which, the air is already bustling with townsfolk and all manner of travelers preparing to take on the day's responsibilities. Yorda, the 40-something woman barkeep with shoulder-length blonde hair and weathered skin that you previously rented your room at the inn from, frantically darts behind the bar while the red-headed barmaid rushes from table to table. It seems that the clientele is a bit more than they were expecting this morning. Yorda yells from behind the bar to the barkeep, "Adelaine, two more brats and a bit of mush at the corner table." She looks up, "I'm working on it!" And she runs over and heads back to the kitchen. There's a faint bit of music as two slovenly-looking musicians in the corner are trying to work for tips with a small hat on the floor that it looks like nobody's thrown any coin into it. The tables are fairly busy, except for maybe two that appear to be available between the two of you guys, if you'd like to find a seat. Yeah, you walk over to it, you sit down. (laughter) You sit down, and due to the chaos that ensues around you, it takes a little while for Adelaine, the red-headed barmaid, to come by, and she scoots by the table. "I'm terribly sorry. What "can I get you?" "I can get you all three, it's fine. What you want?" "For breakfast? I like you. All right, two Trosts and a bunch of meats. Be right back." And she rushes off, she pulls her hair back and ties it as she goes into the kitchen, getting ready for the midst of chaos. While you guys have a moment there at the table, you can hear conversation muttering around you, and you have a brief bit of privacy to discuss. A short time passes before the two platters are rushed over and scattered across the front of your table with a clattering. Pile of meats there set for you, a little bit placed on the side, because you might need, especially with the look on your face-- Adelaine gives you a glance and goes, "Put something in your belly." Comes back and slides two Trosts to you. As you guys are partway through your meal-- let's see, this would be Caleb. You notice out of the corner of your eye a gentleman enter the door looking kind of meek. Middle-age, looks work-hardened. He has a heavy chin-beard that is unkempt and a bit wild, but his eyes are warm. He's holding his hat in his grip, and he scans the room with an eager glance before his face brightens, and he begins to push his way across the room, in your direction, it looks like. He scoots over towards your table, and as you're about to turn and see what he's about-- --he pivots to the table next to you instead. He turns to you three. (yelps) Yeah. You've met this man the day before, Rinaldo, the fisherman, who you had aided. And as he approaches, he goes, "Might I sit, please?" As he sits down in his chair, I would ask each of you to please describe yourselves, starting with you, Laura. All right. And you? We'll get to that. Thank you. And Travis, if you'd like to describe yourself, please? As Rinaldo sits down, clutching his hat still in his hands, says, "I thank you for your "time. Fjord. And, I apologize, I forget your names." "Beauregard. And?" "Jester, thank you. You all came when no one else would yesterday, and because of you my "daughter is still alive." "Oh, that's okay." "You'll do well this side of the Empire. Anyway. I won't keep you, but I-- we spoke "yesterday, and I didn't have much to give you. Sent you away with nothing but my gratitude. But "I've been asking around the other fishermen, lochsmen, and we've put together a little bit of "coin for your troubles, so." And he turns his cap over on the table, and this catches your attention, you hear this clattering of coin. Your eyes glance over, especially you, Nott, and watch as he leaves this pile of what looks to be mostly copper and silver pieces, with a couple of glimmers of gold, and as soon as it clatters across the hard wood table here in the center of the tavern, other faces begin to turn, gather attention as to what's happening over here in the back edge, and he takes his cap back and pushes it forward towards all of you, his dirty, you can see cracked and very callused fingers shoving it in your direction, before taking his hat and placing it back over his head. All over the table. "I hope it's helpful. But thank you." "I would hope that is the case. Anyway. Thank you very much. I am sorry for getting in "your way." And he stands up and gives you all a nod and rushes out of the tavern, a little embarrassed by all the attention that's now placed on him by the other patrons, and as he leaves, everyone goes back to their business, a couple of wandering eyes starting to count what coins are there as you slowly mitt them in your direction. There are four gold pieces amongst the pile, 22 silver, and 48 copper pieces. Perception check. 48 copper. First roll of the campaign. And that's how you start it. All right. This is going to go great. While you're counting this out and figuring out the division of your gains, Fjord, you glance about, narrowing your orcish eyes across the room, and you can see two other tables there are some gentlemen who are peering over, and as soon as they meet your gaze, they go right back to their business and completely shrink away. There's a man and a hooded figure at a table immediately adjacent to you. The man looks rather filthy, his hair a bit unkempt, and he's trying to finish his drink. However, the smaller halfling-looking figure is just glaring intently, and is slowly leaning in the direction of the table. This blue-skinned tiefling suddenly leans over to you at the table. Make a perception check, Beauregard and Jester. Okay. The somewhat meek female halfling who's now suddenly very reserved, and not as filthy as the human compatriot that she keeps, seems less and less halfling the more you glance in her direction. The ears are folded inward but elongated, the tinges of green to the skin, and with the little words that have poked through her lips, you can see what appear to be teeth more jagged than expected of the half-folk. Eventually Adelaine comes by and brings two fresh Trosts to the table, glancing about at the unique tension in the air right here. "Would you like anything as well?" "All right, pork it is. I'll be right back." She rushes off to the kitchen. You guys continue to awkwardly stare at each other. With your perception rolls earlier? Yes. She rolled a 22. No, you heard the whisper, you're not sure what the words are. You can see that they're whispering. Being mysterious. Make an insight check. 13? I mean, seems to be genuine. Hard to read through all the wrappings, shadow, and the hood still obscuring the face. Yeah, it's this porcelain covering that has painted lips. It's a little unsettling. As Caleb finishes oversharing. At this point, there is a bit of a commotion towards the entrance of the tavern. Two shadows step into the doorway of the nearish-noonday sun. The figures, one eclipsing the other from behind, begin to step in. You notice one of them begins to step from table to table, glancing about with a sort of grace to the movement, the other staying a few feet behind. Taliesin, if you'd like to describe your character, please. As this tiefling darts from table to table, a few feet behind, you see-- You watch as these figures slowly move from table to table, the tiefling engaging in some distant conversation, leaving a slip of paper, walking to the next table. Gauging the atmosphere, not leaving a slip of paper, and quickly moving on, and then eventually your eyes meet what looks to be two tables with a very motley crew of individuals that are both awkwardly avoiding their own tension and currently trying to figure you out. They've completed distributing, so you don't see any coin, unfortunately. Okay. He goes and sits down at this table, finishing his presentation. One of the barmaids comes up to you, and looks up. You're standing almost a solid seven inches taller than her. "Miss, can I get you a drink?" "Coming right up. Any preferences for the family? Baumbauch?" "Husseldorf, then. All right. Be right back." And she wanders off. Mark down your two copper. (laughs) So, as he pulls out a small set of cards and begins to shuffle them, go ahead and roll an insight check. Okay, so you get a brief conversation here, you get a pretty solid read the excitability, the eagerness, and the exuberant interest in just getting in your face that this person wants-- any fortune you tell will probably suffice. Go ahead and roll a sleight-of-hand check as well. Yeah. And you feel pretty confident that her eyes are locked onto your eyes at the moment and not the deck, as you set up a proper reading. And the cards are shuffled, set, you place them before you, and you may give your fortune. Make a perception check. 14. All right. Everything seems pretty above-board. Sure. Yeah, easy enough. Even with discerning eyes at the table, you are at the top of your game. You may. You lean back and subtly begin a brief muttering of an incantation, your fingers wash through the air, a faint silver gleam across your fingertips. Nothing magical shows up in the immediate vicinity. You fumble for a second, but the card still finds its way through without issue. Yasha, at this point, the barmaid, Adelaine, comes up and hands you the ordered ale. "On the house." It is actually the day of Grissen, and your first show is today. And as they leave you, Yasha just downs her entire ale, slams it on the table, and they both walk out, passing a couple more flyers at off tables, and then exit out to the rest of the day's sun beyond your sight. Both of them have small cloaks over the shoulders, Beau has a-- No, you do not. No, you do not. No. You watch as just beneath the table, this orange patchy tabby leaps up. Okay. You watch as four of the nearby windows slam open with a sudden burst of wind, and all the various bits of torchlight that light the deeper and more shadowed corners of the room suddenly darken and flicker. The music suddenly comes to a stop. Everyone holds their position and glances over at the table where you're all sitting. They all slam shut a second time. The light flickers and then brightens back to its normal place. One really crotchety-looking guy in his early 50s with a super underbite, probably missing most of his teeth, just goes-- (laughter) Okay. As soon as you sit down, Frumpkin leaps into your lap and starts purring and rubbing up against your hand. As far as you know right now? Yeah, he's having an actual allergic attack. A minor one. Soltryce. It is the Crick-Queen's Call. So far. Make a sleight-of-hand check. Make a perception check. Well, first, what'd you roll for-- Okay, yeah, so you only get to reroll one of the dice. Go ahead. So make a sleight-of-hand check. Well, roll a perception check. That's a four-silver pot. So you get to reroll. And you get to reroll one as well. Make an athletics check. You make an acrobatics check. So the female goblin draws a shortsword. You reach out to grab, and she slips out of your grasp and is now holding the blade at the edge of the table. Yorda looks over and goes, "Any preference of family?" "Von Brandt it is." Another round is brought to your table. You guys can share a solemn post-game drink amongst yourselves. They have. Your meal's been presented for a while now. You've had the opportunity to eat most of your meal. That is actually real. That's the power of imagination, Sam. That wasn't there a second ago. So you all finish your independent meals and decide to continue your conversations or go about your business for the day. If you have no other business, we can wait until dusk. You go ahead and take a look at it. There is one sheet that pertains to somebody in the Hills Ward looking for folks to go ahead and do an extermination run near the southern portion of the Ustaloch. It looks like there's what looks to be a vole infestation. It's a small rat. Currently, it looks like there was another sheet that looks like most has been torn off. The rest of the board is pretty empty at the moment. You did, yes. It was to help move and load crates at one of the local breweries. Welcome to level two. Okay, so there's a slight sense of warmth that emanates from under her hand, and for a moment, you look over and glance instinctively, ready to almost draw your sword again. But it seems to quicken your reflexes. You have this surge of adrenaline that doesn't quite fade. For the next hour. You may. (laughter) 13. If you want to go ahead and try and lie. So, are you lying? No, I presume-- and we discussed this a little bit-- we presume it may have been scavenged from a porcelain doll. The internet's running with that now. No, that is actually the Baumbauch. Yeah, the Starosta is kind of tied with the Baumbauch family. You can totally do that. Yeah, we can do that. We'll say, if you guys decide to go ahead and travel, the five of you, you make your way through the town for the day, you coast around the Husseldorf family brewery, you meet Voss and June, who are the two very nice ladies who run the facility. The Husseldorf family. You avoid the Baumbauch, but can acquire Baumbauch ale from other taverns in the town, of course. And the von Brandt family brewery. All of them, as soon as you say 'Trost', they correct you and say the family name. They're very intent on getting rid of the name 'Trost' as an overall, discussion of Trost-brand brews, and trying to make it their family name. There's an offense, to the point where you're like, "Oh, Jesus. I didn't realize." But you manage to get nice and sauced throughout the day. Okay. Okay. All right, well, that being the case-- No, make a constitution saving throw. 12, okay. You get a little woozy for a while, and as the sun begins to crawl towards the distant horizon, you do not manage to allow your meal to usurp your control. Yeah. Don't remind me. So as the day comes to a close, you're fairly tipsy, you're not fully intoxicated. For your trip, you wanted to head to the Hillsbrook Parchment and Binding. Okay. Go ahead and make an investigation check. 12. You take the better part of 30 minutes or so, and you find there's a lot of books on farming techniques. There's a lot of books about how to grow, care for different types of vegetation, plants, various beasts of burden. You find books on the different seasons and what's best for different types of grain and wheats. You manage to pull through and find a couple of books that deal with discussion of the Menagerie Coast that talk about what's called the Clovis Concord. It's more of a discussion of the political structure that maintains all the city-states there. Yeah, Sheenah, yeah. "If you're looking for some sort of a library, your best bet is to go to Zadash up north." "That's where the Library of the Cobalt Soul resides. They have all the information you could "hope for. A bit pricey to peruse their interior, unless you have proper coverage, but unfortunately "if what we have isn't what you're looking for, I can't help you." "Oh! Jamieson's Hoedown, yes, quite. That will be two silver pieces." "Please do. Do you want me to hold it for you?" "What's your name?" "All right. I will keep it here under the shelf. Thank you so much." It's a boutique. It's designed almost like a cross. There's two cross-sections of hallways that have books across the walls, and there's a window at the end of each and then a door at the far back. Go ahead and make a sleight-of-hand check. Over the period of him searching and distracting this man, you have completely rearranged the interior of this bookstore, to the point where even in the far corner, you Ghostbusters stack them in the center of the room, floor-to-ceiling, with him not even noticing it. You feel confident and happy and a sensation of approval washes over you. All right, so. Okay. You turn around from having this conversation and notice the interior is not as you last saw it, and a bit of nerves begin to brew up under you. (meows) Frumpkin follows behind. I didn't even think about that until now. God damn it. All right, so as you guys have gathered at this point, the oranges and the pinks of dusk begin to peek through the quite-cloudy sky, the chilled air of the coming night sky signalling the Crown's Guard to begin lighting the hanging lanterns that line the streets of Trostenwald. A renewed energy takes the streets as the sound of a fiddle seems to creep through the night air. Sure, yeah. I'll allow that. All right. Folks begin to prod their heads out into the open air, curious about the source of this unusual din, and you find your vision capturing a small procession of flamboyantly dressed people parading through the central road. A lanky man of some obvious elven descent leads the pack, his long, ashy-brown hair curling ever-so-slightly past his mid-back, his long coat and tails knocking around by his skipping step. Two halfling women in purple and green bodysuits dance from side to side, handing flowers to children and flyers to adults, as a bald man in a neck-frilled frock coat of bright red, his face adorned in vibrant orange makeup to look like the setting sun behind him, plays the violin that you heard earlier in an upbeat, jovial manner. A tall half-orc masculine man with a well-groomed handlebar mustache that curves out to the side, billowing white silk shirt and black trousers, follows behind with a big drum slung over his shoulder, going (drumming) along with the fiddle. The tiefling man of lavender skin that you saw earlier walks along with a grin, juggling two curved scimitars as he walks in place, almost loses one and catches it, continues to go. Families are beginning to gather out to see this display. The two dancers part, and then a woman of short, fiery red hair and dark skin walking between them, lifting a small candle before-- fwoosh! A giant burst, a gout of flame emerges from the front of her mouth, brightens the vicinity, and everyone collectively gasps and begins cheering and clapping as they continue the walk. There, to the back of it, you see the rather burly-looking pale woman, arms crossed, just following behind and keeping an eye like a security guard to ensure that no business gets out of hand. The gasps and the cheers begin to follow, and as the procession continues down its way, the families and civilians begin to gather and follow behind. As the last bit of the sun sets behind the mountain range, the torches glowing, the procession curves through the center of the Loch Ward to the edge of the Ustaloch itself. Through the fishing village, more folks begin to gather. Do you all follow? People following the parade, you see faces, eager for this fresh form of entertainment. Children laugh and chatter excitedly, while the Crown's Guard in their familiar bronze and vermilion uniform try to maintain order between themselves being quite curious or visibly mistrusting of these hooligans that suddenly have usurped the evening air. The procession continues towards the eastern side, out along the southern edge of this Loch Ward, to the Ustaloch's southern place, towards the new, completely constructed, large, dark blue tent. Lengthy streamers of white and silver flap with the cold winds from the top of the structure. As you guys walk, you watch as the horned tiefling you had approached earlier slowly saunters up to your side, you recognizing these individuals you had spoken with earlier. At this point, a voice rings out behind you, you see as the carnival master Gustav glances over your shoulder and goes, "You two, skip ahead, quick. We need to go ahead and set up. Looks like "we're already having quite a few people excited to come here, so at the door, interior to set up. "Meet us at the front. Actually, you know what? You'll be on card duty. We need a little extra "change on the side." "All right. Folks, excited for your patronage." As he spins around and addresses the whole crowd now and says, "Enjoy the night air. Walk slowly. We need just a moment to set up." And the half-elf man bows and tips his large-- it looks almost like a top hat that gets floppy towards the top and flops forward, and he puts it back on top and begins sauntering, continuing the music, but picking up their pace to get ahead of the crowd as they draw you all slowly towards the exterior tent. And that's where we're going to go ahead and take our break. (yelling) All right, so. We'll be back here in a few minutes. We're going to take a quick break. We have our weekly giveaway from our friends at Wyrmwood. We have a white oak complete dice tower system that's a three-piece set. That's going to be given away to one of you there in the chat. The password, if I recall, is 'beginnings'. Yeah. This one. If you're in the Twitch chat, if you want to be part of this, when you're prompted there, go ahead and enter the word 'beginnings' once. If you enter it more than once, you'll get disqualified, so be careful with that. Otherwise, it gets this spamming spree of chaos. So the word is 'beginnings'. When prompted, go ahead and enter that, and we'll come back from the break with the winner of that. Regardless, guys, welcome to the beginning of the new campaign. (yelling) Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen. Guys! Wow! I know. Welcome back. So, first and foremost, we have our winner of the white oak complete dice tower from our friends at Wyrmwood. The winner is GTDevoto. Congratulations. Denova will reach out to you and get your contact information. Everyone else, thank you for entering. We'll have more with each future episode of Critical Role, thanks to our friends at Wyrmwood Gaming. Also, as a heads-up for those who aren't familiar and for those who may be, we have a Tuesday aftershow of this called Talks Machina where our friend W. Brian Foster Esq., just mixing up all of his names-- you guys know him, Brian W. Foster, friend of the show, is the host of the show, and he'll be there Tuesday talking about this episode tonight with some of the cast. 7PM Pacific time on Tuesday. So. Anyway. (laughter) It's so hackneyed. As you guys begin to approach the outside of this large, dark navy tent, people are being inspected and ushered through by the well-groomed half-orc on one side, and the pale woman, Yasha, you met for a second time approaching the outskirts of this carnival, with entry fees being collected by both as people begin to pass into this large structure. A few feet off to the side, you see a small crowd gathered around Mollymauk, who is sitting atop a small blanket and has cards splayed before him, a similar set that you saw Jester toying with earlier, and a farmer sits across from him, listening intently. "All right, so what can you "tell me about this here cough?" "Oh, going on like three, four months." (coughs) "Oh, right now? Yeah." "From who? What do the cards tell me?" "Right! Of course! Oh, thank you so much." And he places a-- Stands up. "Dear, a physician!" And he walks off. (laughter) Yeah, he doesn't enter the tent. He goes off to the side. A heavy greenish-grey-skinned mitt slaps onto Beau's shoulder, as you glance over to see the large, well-groomed half-orc man standing there. "I'm terribly sorry, but we've got it taken "care of. If you wish to pay entry, you can, but the rules are the rules. So sorry." "Yasha, does that seem-- all right." "Bo." "Thank you." "Really?" "No, no, I'm curious about this. How do you spell your name?" "Oh, mine's just B-O." "It's not inaccurate." And he flicks the side of his mustache. (laughter) Make a perception check. Make an insight check. Eight? Thankfully, you're not in proximity enough to catch a whiff of his mustache. Okay. Interestingly enough, he seems very well put-together. And he seems like he's just fucking with you. He's having fun, and he's messing with you, and he's just casual and competent and actually pretty well-groomed. He doesn't smell. And he seems more just enjoying the discourse. "Well. If it helps with any other confusion, call me the Breaker. Well, if you see the rest of "the show, perhaps you'll see why I got my name." And he cracks his arms. "I am. Towards the end." "Well then. May I?" You can see now the crowd's starting to queue up behind you pretty heavily. "Besides, if you're going to enter, we've got to get through the rest of this riff-raff. Do "you wish to join in?" Sure, roll an investigation check. I'll give you advantage because you're really good at this. You find two books and a modicum of change and nothing else on him. He's actually pretty sparse as far as collectibles and keepsakes. Okay, make a sleight-of-hand check to try and hide that. You have advantage on that, technically, right? Dexterity checks? Let me double-check that real fast. What the heck! No, it is stealth. You're correct. Yeah. You see him slowly pocketing this crossbow. What do you pull out? A falchion, a large, curved sword, emerges from a sheath on his back. Make a perception check. 11, that's enough. As she spins the falchion around, you notice that, affixed to her back, in uncharacteristically clean leather towards the rest of her outfit, what appears to be a slung-over sheath and a very large bladed weapon, larger than your falchion, affixed to her back. Both her and the half-orc turn to you. Just carries her right in. Perfect. At which point, the other Bo, Bo the Breaker, goes ahead and collects five copper from each of you as you pass through, so mark off five copper, except for the two of you, you guys are part of it. So, stepping into the interior of the tent, the rocky floor filled with grass and dirt and various flattened groundscape on the outskirts of the Ustaloch, you can see a thick, heavy tarp-like material hitting the very edge where the heavy dark blue cloth hangs from the sides of the tent you're within. You can see where the seating is guided across the floor, and there, already in a very packed room, you see a few dozen townsfolk that have begun to gather in a semicircle. There is the entrance flap of the tent where you guys are walking in. As soon as you walk in, you can see a central pillar, a heavy column of wood, a tree that has been completely rounded off on all sides, held aloft to carry the top of the canopy of the tent itself. And across the way, you can see a larger flap tent that is currently closed that appears to be probably the performers' entrance. You can see above you four hanging lanterns that glow with what seems like a flicker of light, but the pattern to them is consistent, meaning it's not probably natural flame. Children and people are beginning to mash around the sides, and the space along the edges of the interior of this tent is starting to get a little cramped. Where do you guide them, Yasha? So there's-- if you consider a semicircle pattern here, there's-- if you're entering, you can go front to the right, front to the left, front to the center, anywhere in between. Where would you like to be currently sitting? Front and center, okay. Okay. So she places you on the ground, as there are no chairs. Where are they going to transport benches from place to place? Well, sorry, you have Fletching and Moondrop to deal with. So, as the music has died down and everyone begins to crowd in and whisper to themselves, eventually it begins to quiet a bit, everyone having their seats. The familiar sound of the fiddle begins to play, and everyone quickly gets quiet, down to a hush. The music seems sourceless in the interior of the tent. Everyone begins to look around to see where it may come from. You hear points of hushed "look"s, pointing off in different areas, and at the top of the tent, you see, seeming to stretch and fall, like a slow drop of water, the man in red you saw earlier descends from the top of the tent, but now dressed head-to-toe in a matching deep blue outfit and full makeup, to where he appears out of the canopy of the tent. He hangs from a rope by one foot, it's wrapped around and clutched as his foot catches the edge. Playing his violin ever-so-slowly as he carefully descends, and then at the last moment releases the rope and lands on his feet, continuing the music he's playing. He slowly spins as the longer-haired elf leader of the earlier parade that you saw, the one that had marked back briefly to your two new friends over here, enters the tent from the distant flaps, the performers' entrance, his head now sporting that same tall hat, flopping backwards at the apex. He extends his arms, removing the hat, and takes a deep bow as the crowd begins to clap. (applause) "I ask you, each and every one of you--" You hear some children giggle as he makes eye contact. "--grant us your imaginations this eve but a trifle bit of time, and allow us to reveal a realm "of laughter, mystery, danger, and beauty. I see you've already met Desmond." And he gestures towards the man in all blue who's playing the fiddle. "He'll be part of our story tonight, so "keep a wily eye for the shifting fool. But first, I tell you a tale of two sisters of the Fey." And as Desmond slowly leaves the tent, you see two armored guards by where he is now have entered, two of the Crown's Guard are stepping by the entrance where he walked in, watch him pass. "Lost "without form into the mazes of the underworld. There, where the body would break, they found a "teacher in a mystical serpent, and the gift they received was the ability to bend with this maze "that captured them and slither their way back to the surface to reclaim their place in the world. "May I present to you Mona and Yuli, the Knot Sisters." As he slowly backs through the performers' entrance, the two halfling dancers you saw earlier, in the full bodysuits, emerge from behind the Carnival Master as he discreetly exits. They sport serpentine makeup, scales affixed to the sides of their face and arms. Approaching the central spire, the pole that holds the tent up, one immediately leaps onto the shoulders of the other, bending her back a near-impossible amount, creating this humanoid sculpture that you see the front row cringe at the idea of the pain that would cause an average individual. But these halflings are very nimble and able to create almost a single form out of two bodies. Their rigid form becomes fluid to the eye as they move and shift to the music, the violin now sourceless once again, not seeing where this Desmond is placed, but they seem to move as it picks up speed. Suddenly, the top one folds over and slams into the ground, tumbling across the center in a wild display of physical control. The two of them begin to tangle and wrap like two battling snakes, their bodies seemingly disconnecting from the rigid halfling forms you had seen, and you swear, for a moment, becoming serpentine-like as they intertwine around the base of this pole. It's beautiful and violent at the same time. It's off-putting. And watch as they curl around the base of this pole, the lights above begin to become a dull greenish-blue, and get darker and darker, presenting this imagery of the underworld. One by one, they silently tell a tale of struggle, crawling across one, then the other, one at a time, using their serpentine-like forms as an extending ladder, folding over each other as they use every muscle in their body to cling around this pole and ladder-step up like a snake. It's a very strange but alluring sight, and you can't help but notice that you forget that these are two halfling girls, and you find yourself pulled into this wordless story they tell of climbing back to their place, to the surface, towards the dark sky of lightless blue cloth. As the baubles that contain the interior light of the tent begin to glow brighter and brighter, their climbing becomes more fevered. The two of them, arm into arm, leg into leg, rolling up and swirling, until eventually at the apex they grab each other's arms around the pole before spinning downward, back-to-back, legs outward, with a rapid pace, the music coming to a full crescendo. Like a Maypole, they both curl and twirl and then tumble to the ground before the audience with a flourish, arms in the air, and the audience erupts in applause. (applause) Gustav enters as she exits with a bow, the fans flickering out. He enters clapping at Ornna. A low drumbeat begins to beat in the distance as the fiddle grows tense once more. "Even as the sun "would rise anew, bellowing roars will quake the lands of Xhorhas and beyond. Terrible beasts, now "freed from their dark masters, scattered into our world." (roars) A terrible, guttural roar shakes the room, followed by the sounds of grinding and dragged chains. From behind the performers' flap, the half-orc, Bo, who you'd met earlier, the Breaker, and the fool, who is now still playing the fiddle, yet the bow of it continues to go on its own as he drags the other chain with his arm, wrapped around his forearm. The two of them pull something through the flap. It swells, and from beneath it is revealed an enormous creature of green scales, slimy-looking skin, and a corpulent form, large toad-like legs frame a rotund torso, and muscular arms that are manacled and pulling him in. It fights and wrestles against the taut chains as it's pulled further and further towards the center of the tent, but is held in place by the two men. It roars a second time. (roars) The front row immediately pulling back and screaming. You hear kids begin to cry. A handful of townsfolk shoot to their feet, grasping the children in fear, preparing to run. You have not seen this creature. Gustav continues, seemingly unflinched by its approach. "The devil-toad crawls hungrily--" "--into the land of the free folk, lording over nightmares as they say, and what truth lies "behind the eyes of this beast? What would be learned when the guiding heart of innocence "pierces the hateful soul and brings it to see beauty for the first time? I present to you the "vivid voice of Toya." And as Gustav backs away, the devil-toad struggling against the chains, a soft, faint voice begins to slowly emanate from the air-- (a voice appears in the background music) (exclamations) You watch as her form suddenly dissipates into multiple seemingly copies of her form as Jester. The old man's body stops quaking, his flesh now grey and mangled like an ancient tree trunk. He turns, his eyes blood-red and bulging, his lips curled into a horrifying grimace. The two Crown's Guard begin to try and make their way through the panicked crowd, but the people, like a wave of chaos, are keeping them at bay. I need everyone to roll initiative. (yelling) So you guys, this guy is actually over here. You guys are all up here in the front. All right, so. 20 to 15? All right. Nice. 15 to ten? So 13 and then ten and ten? Sorry, 12. So Yasha got 13, then we have Fjord. And then 11. And then we have Nott at ten. And what'd you get? There we go. Okay, so. Top of the round, as this creature turns and glares about in the area, this swollen form over here to the side, that's what remains of the old man who had stood up in the center of the chamber. Jester, you're up first. Okay, as it turns towards you. It's a saving throw, correct? Go ahead and roll on that. 16 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Yasha, you're almost on deck. How much damage was that? 2d6, 18? Okay, which, for your duplicate, I should go ahead and grab something. Almost. I was like, that's right, you can do this, so I need to pull out-- we'll say for the purposes of this, you're-- we'll put you-- this will be your duplicate, wherever you want to move it from where you are, so she moves there. Just let me know where. There? You can get there. Okay, so that ends your turn. At the top of your turn, this creature closest to one of the people nearby screaming, this young woman who's trying to back away, it just turns toward her and grabs and tries to tear into her with two strikes. The first one, that is actually going to miss. She ducks out of the way and begins crawling across the ground as it goes for a second attack. That, however, does hit, it's a 16. That'll do it. So with eight points of bludgeoning damage, it reaches down and slams its fist into her chest, and as it does, she gives out this horrible yelp as it rips into her and begins gnawing into her flesh and pulls away with a mouthful of it and stands up, its eyes scanning the room for the next possible victim. It's going to begin to stalk forward, coming up to that guy. All right, Yasha, your turn. You're right there. You'd have to-- You're pretty close to everybody. You could distribute-- you could use your action to toss the weapons out to everybody this turn, I'll say. Okay, so you'll spend your action throwing them out to the individuals. So your shortsword and crossbow clatter to the ground, and you quickly scramble to grab them. Caleb's dagger falls at his foot. Your staff gets tossed quickly from behind you. Your falchion meets your arm. SAM and All right. That ends Yasha's turn. Fjord, you're up. You actually rush through Jester's form. You watch the image dissipate as you charge through it and meet up, face-to-face, with this large, gnarled, horrible-looking creature. What are you doing? You may. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Yeah. All righty. That ends your turn? All right, you're done. That brings us to Caleb. Okay, going through the crowd is-- Push through to about there. You end up pushing a kid out of the way. All right, go ahead and make a spell attack. 17 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. There's Prismatic Spray. Chromatic is the starter version. (German accent) All right, very well done, Caleb. So as you push the child out of the way, turn, putting your pocketed diamond out in front of you, you focus and you watch as this beam of light blue energy streaks past, just barely coasting between a few heads. It slams into this creature, as crystals form where the wound and impact was. It cracks back into place where it was. End of your turn? All right. Nott, you're up. Make a performance check. Okay. As you're singing out this discordant sound, folks nearby are covering their ears and glancing back and looking in surprise at this strange creature giving off this-- No. However, it now, after taking a few hits nearby, its red eyes-- or at least one red eye slips over to look in your direction. That's as much of an effect. Do you want to move, or are you going to stay there? Okay. You can get behind there. Okay. All right, that ends your turn? Beau, you're up. You can certainly, on the first attack. Go for it. Make an athletics check. 17. You attempt with your first strike, and the creature just breaks away. Its strength is far more than you imagined it would be from what was originally an elderly-looking frame. That is correct. Yes, if you're using your ki point to do that, yes. Both hit. Roll damage for each. Between both? Great. So after the grapple fails and it pushes you away, you go ahead and pull back and then leap, kick it in the chest and then uppercut it in the chin. Looks back towards you. So that would be putting you up base-to-base with it there. All righty. Ending your turn? Okay, at that point, the crowd is now screaming and begins to swell and push in this direction. These folks all begin to run back and around this way. This crowd begins to push, the guards are trying to push forward, and they can only get a little ways forward to there and there. Everyone just shifts out this direction. Caleb and Nott, I need you both to make dexterity saving throws. All right. You both manage to just bob and weave through the crowd to prevent being trampled and backing away from the chaos as people are pushing through. The entrance is too small for everyone to leave, and there's now a giant bottleneck that's beginning to push up as people are now screaming and trying to get out. They're crying, and the chaos is just swelling into this absolute cacophony. As soon as that finishes, the devil-toad carrying the dwarven girl, who was given a decree, exits out back with her to get her to safety. These two begin to slowly back away, seeing that things seem to be handled? And the guards making their way in are looking scared at each other, not really knowing what to make of the current chaos. At that point, you watch as the woman whose chest was torn into by this creature suddenly-- (groaning) Top of the round. Jester, you're up. What was your initiative again? Ten, oh, shit. That's right, you're with Nott, that's what happened. So Molly, you go ahead and go for your turn as well. My apologies. You're right there. You're in the middle of the crowd as it's swarming around you and Yasha. You can't really flank it, but you can get next to it. You can, yeah. Okay, so you watch as Molly pulls the scimitar out, and as he unsheathes it, draws it across the side of his exposed chest, causing a little bit of blood to spill out, and as it does, he pulls the blade out, and you watch as the edge, suddenly, ice crystals begin to build on the outside of the blade. That hits. Okay, so nine points of damage on the first strike. That was your bonus, that's all you've got. Okay. So one strike, you cut across, and you watch as you cut this wide wound open, exposing the fleshy organs' interior, but they're frozen where the wound cut through, and it's still holding it together. It's looking like it's starting to hurt a bit and fall apart slightly. Yes. So that ends your turn, Molly? Brings us to the top. So Jester, sorry, back to you. Toll the Dead. Natural one. Go ahead and roll a d12. Three points of necrotic damage. So as this deep temple bell rings out in the air above, you watch as this creature who has turned and is beginning to just whale upon the surrounding allies that are curling at its sides, it seems to retract from the sound and cover its ears briefly before angrily lashing out. Cool. Is that your turn? All right. The standing creature that's now been sliced, bludgeoned, and wounded by all three of you, is going to go ahead and make two strikes at-- roll randomly to see who it goes for. That's going to be at Beauregard. It swings at you twice, both with its giant massive clawed fists, just striking out towards you. First one is 17 to hit? Nine points of bludgeoning damage as the first one just slams you in the chest. You feel the wind knocked out of you for a brief second. The second swing's going to come at you. That's going to be a 20 to hit. And that's going to be six points of bludgeoning damage to you. It slams into you once with the fist, and the other one grabs into your stomach, abdomen region, and the claws dig in, and its jaw unhinges and drops like a snake's. The other one is going to rush over towards you, Mollymauk, as you're the closest one to it, and is going to take one swing at you. Okay, so you're using a reaction? You don't have to roll anything for it. He just has disadvantage on the strike. That'll do it. He rolled a 16 and then a four. So as it swings towards you, you watch as suddenly the reddish burning eyes of the second creature go black, and it goes way too wide and misses you. You easily duck out of the way of its first strike. As it runs past, towards you this way, you get an attack of opportunity as it leaves your attack range to attempt to swing around Molly for a second strike. Go for it. 16 hits! Go ahead and roll damage. With this brief opening as it rushes past Mollymauk, after its eyes go black, you watch as it stumbles, its vision ruined. With that moment, you swing out with your-- falchion, thank you. Yeah, it's falchion, that's right-- and strike across the back of its shoulder. You see what once was this beautiful young woman is now this swollen, horrible undead form lumbering past, and you cut a heavy chunk of meat off of its shoulder. It curves around and makes a second strike at you, Mollymauk. This one without advantage. That's a natural 19. Yeah, that's a 24 to hit. All right. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage, as the first one, you manage to move out of the way, and as you spin your scimitar around, you glance over just in time to have it clock you right across the jaw. Your vision blurs and doubles for a second. That's going to end their turn. Yasha, you're up. Yeah, you can reckless attack any of your attacks. You roll at advantage. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Freshly purchased. In fact, this is the first time it's seen battle. On the one that's already been damaged? Yeah, all right. Yeah, no, it does not make the save-- it rolled-- yeah. So as you come down with your blade and carve through its body, you watch as it curls back, trying to reform and hold itself, but your blow was too strong, and its zombie-ish form cannot maintain a cohesive hold on its form, and you watch as it just crumbles to the ground, no longer moving. (cheering) Okay, that ends your turn. As you're there, growling animalistically towards the creature. You have about five more feet of movement, if you wanted to move. All right. That ends your turn, Yasha. Fjord, you're up. Okay. So you watch as Fjord lumbers towards it, his large, armored half-orc form holding the blade in his hand. Puts his hand out, and the shadows suddenly swirl and gather around this zombified woman's form and cling to it, like it's holding it in place. So with it now hexed, what would you like to do? All right, go for it. That definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 17 points of damage. So, as you rush up, after the shadows gather around it, it looks up to you, and it pulls back, ready to strike, and you just shake your head, and one large swipe of your falchion carves this giant mark across its chest. Where the cloth and flesh opens, you can see this blackened interior, where the muscles are trying to move, almost like worms, to regather and tighen. All right, that ends your turn. That brings us to Caleb. You can push right about there. You just barely pull through the crowd to the front to get a clear-- 11 unfortunately does not hit. So as you pull it out a second time, you're pushing through the crowd and you pull up your diamond, and right as you're about to release the spell, one of the people in the crowd slams into you with her shoulder and you get jarred off to the side. The acid bolt of the Chromatic Orb flies off and actually burns a hole through the distant tent and then vanishes into the night sky. All right, that ends your turn, Caleb. Nott, you're up. Fjord and Mollymauk are both next to it, yes. All right, go for it. 16 hits. Okay. As you pull around the corner and release your one crossbow bolt, it hits the bottom of the chin and pokes out one of the eyes. The eye goes flying off into the distance as the bolt is now jammed outside of the socket. The creature turns, glancing your direction. It looks pretty hurt, but it's still standing. I'll say you can use your bonus action to just look. There's nothing you can do this turn, but next turn, you could. So make a perception check. Nine? It's hard to look. You see this what looks to be late-30s woman dressed in some sort of general workers' clothing with a loose apron, and she's just running and scrambling to get towards the exit. You don't see anything of worth on her, unfortunately. Sorry. All right, Nott, that ends your turn. Molly, you're up. Okay, so you spin around. You pull your second scimitar out, as part of the strike, one of them encased in ice crystals. So the first strike-- make sure you mark which one's which. 12 just barely hits. That hits, yeah. Four points of damage? Nine points of damage, all right. Okay. So the first strike hits, and as the scimitar carves through, the body snaps and opens, and it snaps back into place, the torso locking back in. The second strike does how much damage? Yeah. The second one hits again, and you watch as the torso spins off. It looks like only the spinal column is holding it in place, but it's managing to maintain its structure as it (snarls). That ends your turn. All right, ending Mollymauk's turn, that brings us to Beau. Wham! Go for it. That'll hit. Damage. Six points of damage. Natural 20. You watch as you sock it in the face and the jaw breaks and then snaps back into place. As you land, pulling it back, you can see some of the teeth are actually stuck in your fist as you pull back, they've broken off into your knuckles. Her teeth, technically, this is the woman that was killed originally. Go for it. Two more strikes. Natural one, no. So the second punch, you swing wide and hit the side of the head, and the neck snaps, and it's now stuck in a sideways position. As it turns, the jaw, it pulls back one of its weirdly swollen clawed hands, ready to go for that open wound in your gut, and as it does, how do you want to do this? (cheering) And as you do that, you slam into its face. You watch as the skull caves in, the teeth piercing both of the red, bulging eyes. And with this horrible sucking, sighing sound, it falls onto its back, no longer moving, the shadows released. That was your turn, unfortunately. That's your turn. At this point, the current threats are down, and the crowd is screaming and rushing. The two members of the Crown's Guard are rushed to the front, weapons ready, and they see both of these creatures bloodied and ruined across the base of this. In the midst of the chaos, one of them points and goes, "You, you! Stay where you are!" And you watch as the rest of the crowd slowly pushes through, you see as Gustav manages to make his way in. "Dear god, what's happened here?" Looks over toward Bo the Breaker, the half-orc who's now joined the rest of you. "Sir, I don't know how he got in here." And everyone looks around back at you. Bo looks at you, Gustav looks to you, Molly. "What happened?" Okay. At this point, the two Crown's Guard that are there are trying desperately to maintain control. You can see they're visibly shaken, and they glance at each other like they're a little out of their depths at the moment. "Stay where you are. Don't go anywhere." And he turns to the one who's in the front, looks to the other one who just made his way through, and goes, "Sivelmen, find someone. Bring the rest of the guard. Please!" "Right now, sir." And he pushes his way towards the back as the rest of the crowd runs out. Now everyone in the crowd has mostly pushed out of the tent, the last few dregs pushing through. Children crying, people of Trostenwald just exiting out the flaps as they close, and you're all standing there, weapons in your hands, wondering what to do. They're both unmoving, ruined, torn apart. You can. As you go to move to it, both of your forms merge. The Crown's Guard goes like, "Don't move." "Both? Uh." He looks genuinely confused. Okay. It mimics searching a body. It's not actually you. Begins rifling imaginary things out of the pockets. Make a deception check to try and deceive him to glance over. (laughs) He goes, "What, over there?" Looks over as you jump over quickly and begin searching through it, and you guys watch her do this, and there's a clear line of sight. As soon as he turns back, he's going to notice her rifling through the other corpse. Gustav is now walking up, and he's hands up in the air. "I'm terribly sorry. I-- this has "never happened. I don't know what happened. What happened?!" "She's been singing with us for over two years, now." "She had no family and she was singing in the street for change. There was an opportunity. "We seized it. We gave her a family she didn't have." The Crown's Guard goes like (grunts). "It's fine, just don't move." Make an investigation check. You manage to rifle through the old man's body, through the stringy bits of gore, and you do find three pieces of silver that are just coated in blood. A few moments pass. The rest of the people are gone, and it's just this awkward quiet, and at this point you watch as Ornna, the fire fairy who had previously performed, walks in and is like, "I'm sorry. What has happened here?" At this motion, Gustav goes, "It's generally just because we want to promote a space of "welcoming cleanliness. When we're working amongst the outskirts of the Empire, we don't want to "bring an element that reminds you of death and--" "Well, we're in entertainment. We have to be cautious." The single Crown's Guard guy who's sitting there with his weapon out, you can see him shaking almost, he's never had to deal with anyting like this before. Towards him? Make a deception check. He goes, "Don't try that on me. I've been doing this for over ten years." Make a sleight-of-hand check to see if you can cast this spell subtly enough or not. As you attempt to cast this spell, a little bit of spittle gets caught in your windpipe, and you begin to cough uncontrollably. Yeah, it just falls away. "And that is extremely worrying. Nobody touch that body." And he looks back and sees you coughing over the corpse, and the guy's like, "Don't you touch that body! Are you sick?" "Someone hold her down. If she's sick and turns into one of these, I will not--" Make a deception check. 16? His face goes white and he goes, "Kill the thing!" And rushes forward, blade held above. He holds back. He turns to you and sees you standing a full four inches taller than him with a much larger blade, with one hand, and he goes, "Look, if she's going to become one of these "things, we have to stop her now." Immediately rubs his eyes. You can see him, now that he's closer to you, you can see he's sweating, he's scared, he's generally trying the best he can to use whatever training he's received to deal with a scenario he was not trained for. One of the Crown's Guard. The Crown's Guard are all generally hired and trained militia that are sent amongst all the cities to keep the peace. "Flynn." "Ten years two months ago." "No. Don't move." At this point, the flaps at the front of the tent, the entranceway, fold in and you watch as one, two, three, four, six, ten Crown's Guard begin filtering into the chamber. You watch as one man, the one who has his helmet off and under his shoulder, he's maybe in his early 40s or so, short brown hair with patches of grey. Somewhat jaundiced skin. Molly, you've encountered this man once before when you entered the city. He approaches Gustav right now with a commanding voice. "I had a gut feeling that you were nothing but trouble when you came into our town." Gustav turns around. "I guarantee to you, my friend, I have no idea--" "What happened here?" The Crown's Guard who's been shaken turns around and goes, "Sir, Flynn. There was a creature. This carnival "seemed to create some sort of terrible entity that killed and then created a secondary beast. I "watched it with my own eyes from the back row." And the man turns back towards Gustav and the rest of you. "And who else saw that?" Flynn turns to you and goes, "Put your weapons down or we'll arrest you immediately!" Flynn turns back and says, "Watchmaster, what should we do?" And the man with the helmet under his arm walks forward, walks to Gustav, gives him one look over, still a few inches shorter than him. Looks at him with a sense of purpose and social status that has a sense of disinterest and disrespect. "You, sir, and your orc, and your circus, are considered currently "under arrest. Who else belongs to your merry band?" He looks about the rest and Gustav goes, "The orc." Glances back at the two of you and goes, "The rest of them are just purveyors of our "performances. He was just joking earlier, right?" Make a deception check. "And you are also under arrest. The rest of you, what are your names?" "Do you? Tell me." "Who is this?" "Flynn, escort this woman to retrieve this individual she speaks of." Flynn nods and walks over towards you. "Stay where you are." "My men tell me that the rest of you helped destroy these fiends. Is that correct?" "Then on behalf of the Starosta, I appreciate your aid. But until this investigation "is complete, you are all under investigation from us. Where are you staying?" Nestled. He got it right. "Do not leave this city unless you are told otherwise. Should you do so, I have your names, "and I can have the full might of the Cerberus Assembly track you down. You. Flynn. Free this "girl." While you all stand in the tent, Flynn approaches you and walks a little bit behind you, weapon drawn but at the side. Do you lead him out of the tent? Okay. So you walk through the performer's flap, and as you walk out, you can see backed up into the number of tents that are set up, and some of the carts, other members of the circus are hiding, and as soon as you exit out the front and they see you before the Crown's Guard, they all immediately scatter and vanish to the nearby shadows, out of sight. The two of you walk out into the center, the fire crackling in a small pit off to the side. "All right, where is this girl you speak of?" "Show me." He follows you. Which tent do you lead him to? Over here? Okay, there's a larger tent, as he walks by your side, there's the flap that's slightly open. "All right." Gets his weapon ready and walks into the tent. Okay. There's a few moments before, in the distance, you hear a voice say, "The tent is "empty. What are you talking about? Hello? Helloooo?" (laughter) Okay. Frumpkin keeps watch. The Watchmaster, as you heard him notified earlier, turns to the rest of you. "So. The investigation will begin. If any information comes to light that could "alleviate you of the charges brought to this carnival, come to me and let me know. If you have "no answers before we complete this investigation, then I believe you all will fall into the judgment." So the guards escort you out of the tent. Molly, you're stuck behind with Gustav and Bo the Breaker, with a guard of five Crown's Guards set to keep watch. As the rest of you are sent to the city, the Watchmaster turns once more and says, "Remember, you flee, I'll find you." And that's where we'll end tonight's session. Well, guys, welcome to the new campaign. Season two, I guess. Fucking Sam. I swear to god. I used this beautiful little-- The Snitch is mine now. I know. Oh man. I'm excited. I'm excited to see where this goes. Everyone did something that revealed them tonight. Well, guys. Happy New Year. Welcome back, Happy New Year to you guys. Thank you for coming along with us on this first episode of a new journey. Thank you, Backblaze and DnD Beyond, for being awesome sponsors partnered with us going forward. Thank you, Wyrmwood, for this amazing table. Thank you guys for coming along with us this evening for our first dive into this new venture. Hope you enjoyed it. We did. I'm excited. Guys, have a wonderful evening. We'll see you next week. See where this next stage in the story takes us. Ashley, I'm glad you could make it for this first episode.