Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. Welcome. Before we get started tonight, we're going to get through some quick announcements. First and foremost, we have two sponsors tonight. Number one, our fresh sponsor for the evening is the fantastic upcoming film by the fantastic, glorious Guillermo del Toro, Pacific Rim. Uprising. How could you not be more badass than playing the son of Idris Elba? So if you work in the effects team for Pacific Rim, and have an extra suit lying around, please send them to P.O.-- no. There you go. And of course, our fantastic returning sponsor for the season, our friends at D&D Beyond. For those of you who haven't checked that out, D&D Beyond, it's awesome, they allow you to do all your stuff online for your D&D campaign, your character. Sam, do you have something to say about that? Thank you, Sam, and thank you, Ashley. I know, freshly Emmy-nominated, Sam. A couple other things. One, we are saying goodbye tonight to a dear friend, our fantastic director of photography here on the program for a long time, Selena Ruth, she is moving on to much better pastures. We give all the love, and share love as well for the wonderful journey that's before her. Thank you! You're amazing! You made Travis cry. Good luck, and super excited for you. Reminder, Twitch Prime, if you have Amazon Prime, and you can connect your account from Amazon Prime to Twitch Prime, and for free, every month, you get to subscribe to one Twitch stream for free, which you can do for here. Every month! Yeah, it's incredible! If you haven't done so, check it out! It costs you nothing and it's an extra click. Those who may have been here earlier might have seen we have the Critical Role recaps, so if you need a refresher for campaign two, the first ten episodes of the new campaign in Critical Role are now available on YouTube as the Critical Role Recap, hosted by our beloved Dani Carr, who is a longtime OG Critter, now member of this crazy team, and the person who, if you didn't know, originated the term, "Is it Thursday yet?" Yeah, that was her. That was Dani. So check it out! Because Dani is awesome. Talks Machina, of course, is every Tuesday evening at 700pm Pacific, hosted by our fantastic Branredabafurser. That's for you guys. Take that gift with you. No, but seriously, Brian's awesome. He hosts and talks about the episode that previously happened, so tune in next Tuesday to see about this episode, and whoever else that guests onto it then! It's okay, it's fine. LIAM, MATT, and Liam, stop it. Podcast of last week's episode, episode ten, is available for download where all fine podcasts are downloadable, so if you have friends who are in the audio-only version of the campaign or you want to listen to it while you're on your commute, it's available for download now. There you go. This weekend is WonderCon! In Anaheim. We're all going to be down there Sunday at WonderCon for a Critical Role panel in the Arena, same area as last year. Let's see if we can pack it full of Critters again! That'll be 1130am on Sunday in the Arena at WonderCon. We hope to see you guys there, bring some fun burning questions, and be prepared for the ridiculousness of most of us, but mainly Sam. That's right! We have the-- So if you're going to be at Wondercon, come hang out. That's basically what we're saying. Awesome. In convention news, C2E2 is coming up in just a few weeks in Chicago! We're going to be there for Saturday and Sunday, that's April 7th and 8th, so make sure you get tickets. You can buy tickets at c2e2.com! We'll have signings, panels and fun stuff, so come say hello, please, if you're in the area. Let's see. Issue five of Vox Machina Origins, the comic book, still out. If you haven't had a chance to pick it up I recommend it! Is there any new updates to merch, Laura? Cool. Thank you, Laura. Once again, our fantastic charity, 826, and 826LA, and all the other 826 chapters out there, they do fantastic work with underprivileged kids and teens in creative writing, they have great classes and tutoring programs. If you have the opportunity to donate either some money or your time, if you want to volunteer as well, highly recommend it. Please look into it. They're awesome folks. Thank you, guys. Let's see, last but not least, a quick retooling that I'll be at Otafest in Calgary, up in Canada, May 18th to the 20th, and A-Kon in Texas June 7th through 10th, so come to either of those events if you can to say hello, I'd love to hang out. I believe that's it! We cruised through those as fast as we can! Without further ado, unless there are any complaints, let's jump in to tonight's episode of Critical Role! [click, TV static] [groovy Critical Role theme] Ulog. You had also, as the evening progressed, finished your night checking out the Evening Nip, a tavern that seemed extremely shady. Having some piss-poor ale, you had just exited the exterior of the tavern's location, out into the midnight evening air of Zadash, still a bit bruised and beaten from the battle earlier in the day, but eager to continue with what your next endeavor is. Mighty Nein, what would you like to do? TRAVIS and As the evening rainfall begins to fall a bit harder, from a soft drizzle to a decent pour, you hear the distant rolling and crackling of thunder, as a storm front has slowly brought its way in as the night has progressed. From where you are now, exiting the Evening Nip, it's maybe a 20-minute, 30-minute walk to the middle of the Pentamarket. It's pretty late evening, it's pushing on midnight, yeah. You guys make your way back to the Leaky Tap, heading up to your rooms, and eventually find yourselves falling to sleep. However, the distant thunder rolls continue to quake the muffled interior of the rooms you're at, the lightning strikes flashing through the rooms that have a respective window, and the heavy impacts causing you to wake up in the middle of the evening at times with a restless bit of sleep. A faint drip of wayward rain seems to have collected and found its way through the roof of Beau and Jester's room, and the pattering in the corner of this small, building puddle causes you to frustratingly go and collect it, find something to at least keep it from making that noise throughout the evening. As you guys are having this conversation-- Loosely. By definition. Mid-wee hours of the morning, you catch a quick glance at Yasha staring out the window at the storm, quietly sitting on the floor. She glances over. "Yeah?" "Yeah, I get that." You see a hint of a smile at the edge of her lips, and she gives a nod. "That's pretty good. I could never draw." You see her pull back a bit. Another flash, a nearby bolt causes the sky to light up. Yasha's unfazed, and her attention shifts back to the glass of the window again, a brief moment of trance-like attention before, "You should try to sleep." She gives a nod and sits back down, closes her eyes, still sitting in a meditative position on the ground. Okay. Eventually, you all come to consciousness again, sore from the action of the previous day, but the daylight greets you, muddled as it is from the darkened grey raining skies that greet you. The thunderstorm is still passing through, and a quick glance out through the window into the main thoroughfare, you can see the streets are muddied, and in some places gathered into small pools and flooded puddles, but Yasha is gone. That's up to you guys. You all gather in the main area. Easy enough to do. That is better. You guys gather back in the tavern downstairs. You slept in a little, pushing like nine or ten at this point, but it is still gray and rainy outside. You can see carts making their way through the mud, some getting stuck and having to pull through, the beasts of burden trying to make their way through. The tavern interior is fairly light, not a lot of people in there, a few folks that are rushing through to grab a quick bite and leaving or having a drink in the face of a rather dreary day. But the room is yours. What do you wish to do? They all slam open loudly! Wind and rain begins to suddenly pour in from the side, from the wind blowing it through. All of a sudden, the few folks that are in there freak out. (wind howling) Yeah, it's an evening meeting. Do you all divide into your various endeavors? As you guys divide into your two separate groups, scattering this side, these three heading over towards the Tri-Spire. The other three of you guys are heading towards the Pentamarket. You may. Sure! Make an investigation check. What kind of tailor are you looking for, a standard clothing tailor? It won't take terribly long. It takes you a little longer. Although if you're going to the same place he's already been to, then it completely circumvents that. You go and inquire. They do custom work, but it takes a little bit of time. It's a little pricier as opposed to buying one off the rack. It'll take about a day for them to finish the work on it, and it will run you about two silver. If you're providing the cloak. Were you having a custom one made? Are you having a liner put in, or having a custom cloak made? Okay, yeah. Full purchase of the cloak, and that'll put you about four silver for the full cloak. That includes the work, the lining addition, and the time waiting for it. Okay, so hooded cloak and the front and the back with slits for arms to come through. Got it. You have that ordered. It'll be ready by midday tomorrow, they're saying. You guys are going to make your way to the Pentamarket. At this point in time, it is still a fairly moderate downpour through the day. As you begin to come through, some of the carts are closed in the middle of the market the ones that are more open that sell fresh goods or things that can be ruined by rainwater and that don't have quite as strong of a canopy, but there are some that are still open. They have hooded lanterns out to draw attention towards them, you have barkers shouting out, "Meats, fresh meats!" and trying to get your attention over there, but you guys maneuver through, making a beeline to your location. Eventually you come up to the warm-looking, dark wood exterior of the Vulnerable Vagrant facility. The Invulnerable. It appears to be. The doors are closed, but it is warm on the inside, and upon checking the door, it is not locked. You step inside the interior and there is one other patron, who is currently in the process of looking through one of the glass cases in the far end of the room. You can see it's a rather portly looking gentleman, probably middle-aged or so. His hair is curled and unkempt, but pulled close to his scalp. His cheeks are ruddy, like the cold weather has caused him to get a bit flush, and he's in the process of glancing over as soon as you enter. He looks sidelong to your troupe as you enter and tries to mind his own business. There across the room, you can see there are two Pumat Sols currently, one of them smiling and looking out your direction, the other one that is keeping an eye on the gentleman in the corner. The one that watches you enter gives a big grin, "Why hello there!" "Well, if that's what you're asking, I would be happy to help you." He walks on over and starts breathing heavily on you. (laughter) His breath is warm. There are elements of an herbal scent that immediately is overtaken with a-- Yeah, it's not entirely unpleasant, but not pleasant either. It's a warm cow-breath smell. As he takes a deep breath on you once or twice, you feel your body warm up for a moment as he finishes the Prestidigitation cantrip and you are suddenly, immediately dry. "It is, quite literally, the least I can do." "That's really pretty." "Yeah, no, that's really pretty." "Haven't seen that kind, no, but I like the designs on it. It's really pretty." "Yeah, no, that's just a faux pas, socially." "Let me go ahead and have a look at it, if you wouldn't mind. There we go, there's a few "other pieces right there if you want to hand those over--" "No, it's all right. Oh, that's a full set!" "I appreciate that heads up. Hey, mind helping me, me?" The other Pumat goes, "Oh yeah, "no worries. Pardon me, sir, I'll be right back. Me, could you watch him?" The other one comes around the corner, "Oh yeah, no worries." Now the third one has entered the room and is looking-- this is a very strange sight for ye who has not been within the store first. The one who's in the back goes, "Well, we only refer to each other as 'me' as we're all "technically the same individual. There is a Pumat Prime, but he's currently not in the main chamber. "Oh, I haven't seen you around. What's your name there, fellow?" "Molly, hello to you as well." "Yeah." You see the mass of curled hair around the somewhat pointed furred ears that curl back. The large smile under the broad nose. Very-- Oh, he's just a pleasant, jolly individual who is massive in size, even with a slight hunch around the shoulders and back, stands a full seven feet, probably. "Oh yeah, no worries. Just be wary of anything you're planning to touch over there. Oh, "and you, you're just an adorable little friend, there." "Yeah." "Well, we're going to go ahead and take those in the order they've been received. So if "you could respectfully have a moment to yourself there. We'll help you as soon as we can. Thank "you." He turns back around, and goes back to you-- As the two begin to look over, one of them is inspecting the quality of the armor while the other one closes his eyes and, as he begins to focus, you watch as this faint little flash emanates from the armor, briefly. He goes, "Oh, yeah, no; that there is a pretty simple "enchantment right there. There are limitations based on the strength of the enchantment and how "recently it's been applied to the equipment involved. But since this is a simple enchantment "it is something possible to translocate onto a similar piece of equipment. It is a bit-- there is "a cost to it should you be willing to pay for the service, but we can probably do that for you, yeah." "Hold on just a second." He goes in the back room and you hear these two muffled (muffled conversation). (muted laughter) He comes back into the chamber. "So to have this enchantment transferred over, it's only going "to cost you about 80 gold pieces." "Eight zero gold pieces as it does require some components to both harness, extract, and "maintain the enchantment when it is put over to the new piece of equipment." "We'll put a little pin in that one. You had a question there, little one?" (sighs) "You see, unfortunately--" "I mean, I can sell you a pouch. It's just going to be a normal pouch. Part of the haversack "enchantment there is an all-encompassing object. We have others, if you'd like to buy one for yourself." "Yeah." "For a return customer--" Do you have the card still on that one? Right, with the charge on it. I think the total cost was a little over 1,000 gold. (laughs) It was a few hundred at least. I don't have the card in front of me. "Yeah, I--" "I mean, we could look into possibly devolving a small-based enchantment like that. I "mean, research and development of that does take a while. You'd have to fund the endeavor. The good "news is, when it's done you'd be the first to have an original Enchanter Pumat Sol pocket cozy pouch." (laughter) "I don't know. I'll be right back." He goes in the back room again. (muted conversation) Comes back out. "Pumat Prime there says that for the process of research and development, should it be "successful, development of the object, it'll probably be about two weeks of time of enchantment "and the cost of the overall pouch will probably run you 200-250 gold pieces." "Of course." The large looming figure of Pumat Sol shades over you and slowly comes down onto his knees. This lurching monolith over your tiny goblin frame. The face gets tense for a second and pulls back into this very warm, toothy smile and goes, "Oh, I like an inquisitive little girl." Pats and rubs your head. The hand is like a giant mitt that almost encompasses your entire head. "If you look over there." He points on the wall, you see a framed symbol three diamond shards that all point to the center in a flux capacitor-like design. He goes, "I'm actually an "annex of the Cerberus Assembly. So I get certain favors and I do things for them. I provide them, "occasionally, with my capabilities and some enchanted objects, and in return they were kind "enough to provide me with, well me, and him, and him." "They're about the most powerful you find in the Empire, yeah. So me and my brothers here are "actually, technically, we're a Simulacrum." "But you know, we do what we can." "Well, I guarantee with enough positive reinforcement, with enough friendship attained "with certain members like I have developed over many years of hard work and providing services, "perhaps one day you too could be the fine owner of three other versions of your tiny self." "Not much of a business card. They got members all over. Most of them are up in the "capital, but there is one of them that runs that Hall of Erudition. Right over in the Tri-Spires." "Of course, happy to help." Make a persuasion check. "I respect your candor. I see that you have a keen mind for business relationships. However, I "do have to turn a profit. So I can't do much for you there, my apologies." "No, those were 50 gold apiece." "Fair enough. That will will run you 100 and--" "30 gold pieces, that's correct. There's your healing potion. You get your basic one right there." "It'll take about an hour to transfer this here enchantment for you. So be patient and come "back in about 60 minutes. Should be ready to go." "Oh, this is-- want us to clean it for you?" "All right." "Would you prefer black ice, lavender or new leather?" "New leather it is. We'll get it right to you." Turns around. Make an investigation check. Okay, there's a lot of things here. Many not anywhere near your price range. There are three that catch your eye that are loosely interesting, at least, between you and your allies. There is one pendant that has a darkened ivory spiral and almost a heart sculpture, but it is roughly sculpted. That is currently labeled with a fine ribbon at the bottom at 150 gold. It states that it has the capability of-- you can almost hear it in his voice after seeing and meeting him for this short time. "It's capable of ensuring that if you take too many hits it will help prevent you from bleeding "out on your own." "Also, when you take a rest, you get a little bit of a bonus when healing." There's one of them that's this darkened, orangeish, amber-colored orb or marble about that big. That is 350 gold. The ribbon attached to that one states, "Should someone holding this have the capability "of spinning spells one way or the other, they could probably keep one stored in this thing and release "it at a later time." Yes, this is a really beautiful cloak that has a purplish-blue color to it with very fine edged embroidery in gold and silver that naturally comes out of the cloak like it's growing silver vines at the edges of it. It's a very fine make. This one is labeled at 800 gold. "The donner of "this cloak would find themselves largely protected in certain ways from the elements, or blows, or "magics, or what have you." Cloak of protection. That's an option. Oh, I assumed. Yeah, it was 700 gold. There's the two guys are like, "Sorry, can't help you, we're in mid-enchantment translocation. "Could you help him?" The other one's like, "Yeah, no worries, I got you. Hey there, buddy, what you "looking at over there for?" "Oh yeah, no. Let me pass you over a little more information about that. That's a periapt of "wound closure, if you're so interested. It both allows you to stabilize when you hit zero hit "points, and when you're using hit dice to heal up, it's a little bit nicer." "Just when it's doing hit dice." "Not going to lie, really appreciative to have, just here in a few days, returning customers "willing to spend fine, hard-earned gold on some finely crafted and enchanted objects." "An absolute pleasure there, you say it was Mollyoop?" "Molly it is." "I mean, overall it seems to be as fine as it can be." "You know, some folks don't have as much coin as others, but what can you do to really help "them? We do what we can, but there's a lot of dangerous things out there. We got all sorts of "baddies coming over from Xhorhas, we got the possible encroaching of foreign powers always "looking to peek over the mountain range and try and steal some of our hard-earned materials. So I "think it's good they keep us nice and safe and, I mean, I got myself a fine business, too." "Who are you referring to?" "Oh no, they don't come to the store often. They usually send requests, they make orders and I "have them sent on over to either Rexxentrum or the Hall, if that's where they're going to be "utilizing them." "No worries. They're a fine bunch. They do a lot of good, they keep the Crown in check, they "make sure there's no abuse of power and they also have been very staunch supporters of helping "promote learning here in the smaller, more middle to lower classes here in Zadash." "Well, I mean, protective of knowledge in the sense that not everyone can be trusted with "knowledge and, I'm not going to lie, some of the things even I know could be real dangerous in the "wrong hands, so I think it's important there has to be a certain level of control. I've seen some "really nutty people out there that I can't imagine what it would be like if we didn't have some sort "of law and order." "Could very well be! They've been very kind to me." "Well, we'll be here. All four of us." "Pleasure to meet you, little goblin lady!" "I will. Right now." He goes in the back room as the other two are still focusing on your armor. As you leave the two that are focusing go, "Thank you!" "Thank you!" You wait the better part of an hour, are able to retrieve your armor, and indeed you now have the Mariner's armor enchantment on your breastplate. Now, the three of you. So what means are you attempting to enter the Tri-Spires? You find yourselves to the exterior of the Tri-Spires, the familiar gate where you've traversed and failed to traverse once before. As you make your way towards the edge, you see the two guards once again step up to the center to prevent entry. As they begin to walk up, you see three other figures are exiting the district, and the guards stop, "Halt." Give a nod, recognizing the individuals as they walk past, they move on. They look to be fairly decently dressed, a male and a female. You don't know if they're married or not, but they appear to be a couple. A friend of theirs is off to the side. All in cloaks, hoods up, very nice cloaks, thick but very well-made as the rain is still coming down. They're all bundled up, but there is a point of recognition with the guards as they pass by. As they move beyond, the guards once again approach and they're like, "Halt." "Hello again." They both give a look over the two of you. For the sake of this, make a persuasion check, Jester. "All right. Come in." You guys quickly make your way through the open gates, under the portcullis, into the cobblestone streets of the Tri-Spires, and there you see the Silken Terrace, the three towers that mark the central part of Zadash. "I-- oh." He gives you this weird look as you ask him. He's like, "Actually, it's right there "in the Silken Terrace to the left of the large bakery. It's the hut-looking thing." "Of course," he says behind you as you rush off. It's pretty great. Bringing in an American Pie reference, wow. You enter the Silken Terrace. First off, the beautiful cobblestone streets before you are broken up by small patches of small fenced-in shrubbery and flower bushes. The whole interior here is such stark contrast to the rest of the city. It is both surprising and sickening knowing some of the harder lifestyles that exist on the outside of the walls here. There are a few large sights as you pass through here. There is-- one of the large towers here is part of the ivory and marble structure that has large blue banners that hang down the sides. The central tower itself fires up into the sky. This centerpiece-- and you've known this because you've been here before-- is known as the Zauber Spire. Zauber Spire. Z-A-U-B-E-R S-P-I-R-E. The Zauber Spire. It is the central piece of the Halls of Erudition campus and lords over that entire section to the north side. It is the furthest tower here. There is an area that you've heard of but not been to called the Gilded Willows, which is the tree-dappled residential area of the city. It's broken up into several pieces, but you can see a lot of the treetops, and there is this very natural, almost picturesque beauty of the interior. The Gilded Willows. It's the broken up residential aspects of this area. Yeah. There is the Triumph Chime, which is a seven-story temple and belfry that has been retrofitted as the previous-- and you would know this from learning your history lessons-- actually, make a history check. You might not remember it. All right. You know that it's there. You know the three towers are there. There's the Zauber Spire; the Constellation Bridge in the Gilded Willows, which is a giant watchtower that overlooks the entirety of this city; and then the last bit is the Triumph Chime, but that's all you know about them. As you continue in the direction of where you were guided, you come upon the very familiar scent of warm baked goods, both savory and sweet. It is relatively crowded. A lot of the folks are bundled up. They have large mittens on, heavy coats and cloaks and a lot of the general elite that live in this vicinity have come here to pick up warm goods to help go against the cold rain that's now coming down upon the city. To the right of that, towards the very edge of this road of various shops and market bits, there is a building that is small with a thatched roof, like it's more for the visual aspect of it. It's made to look almost like a small country cottage but it's plainly intentional and is an aesthetic that's been placed onto it to make it look different and interesting from the rest of the-- Yeah, I guess you could say that. Outside you do see a sign that is written in beautiful cursive that's arched over the main door that says "Chastity's Nook." The doorway is slightly open, and there is a warm light from the interior. There is a glass window. There are books on display there, but you already see a few people inside. It's not packed, but it's making business. What do you guys want to do? You actually can't see the name from the outside. You'd have to go and ask. Easy enough to ask. As you walk inside, there is a whole table set up with warm goods and a kitchen that's constantly going. There's about 12 patrons in there right now in the process of eating or ordering. It's called the Meal Hearth. If you'd like to, you can load up on-- In the midst of the chaos you see a young man in his late teens or so with a little bit of a prickly chinstrap beard, very short, tattered brown hair but other than that spry, smiling. He has an apron on, and he's currently putting a small tray on the edge, "Hello. Can I help you?" "We have bear claws. I don't know if we have any Nicodranas bear claws?" "As far as I know the only major difference is they load it up with cinnamon--" "We can do that. That'll be done. How many would you like?" "That we do as well. Of course." "Yeah, you'll have to wait the moment. About 20, 25 minutes, we'll have a fresh one for you." "So ten bear claws and bread. You want to pay in advance?" So for all the bear claws and the loaf of bread-- Yeah, it's not that much. Probably run you three silver. Of course. See you back here in a minute. As soon as you turn around, somebody else has pushed past you and gotten in the front. "I'd like three of--" and you're like, ugh, this place is awful. As you enter the small shop, the interior is beautiful and surprisingly busy. There's five other patrons that are currently perusing through various tomes and stacks of artwork. You can see it carries many books and different types of tawdry decor, like rugs, embroidered tapestries, candles, both scented and not, and you can smell oils and incense in there as well. It's this mishmash of scents. It's dark-lit in the interior, but as soon as you enter, almost every other person glances over their shoulder at you and goes back about their business. As soon as you finish scanning the room, a voice peeks up and goes, "Hello!" You glance over and see a human female in her 40s, mousey brown hair, wild and curly that goes past her shoulders, and she has a heavy sweater on and these big glasses right in front of her face. She goes, "Can I help you?" "Thank you so much. It was a gift." "Iva." "Iva Deshin and this is my shop." A grin curls past her face. She goes, "Recommended? You want to go to that back." She points, and you can see now that she's pointed out, because it's one long chamber with shelves and a central table. The beginning has more of the accouterments, like the candles and the various knickknacks you can purchase. In the back, you can already see there are large scrolls that are hung up, with beautifully painted nudes. You can see rows and rows of-- (laughing) I know you did. Yeah, you did, buddy. There are stacks of books where the covers have their own individual paintings, where you can see-- You can see a portion of a moonlight painting of a brawny-looking man who's dipping a fainting woman in a delicate dress, glistening across the moonlight. It's slightly pulled open, yeah. This is the young adult romance section of any bookstore on full display, and the more you look back, you can see there's a few figures in the process of thumbing through the books, reading them where they stand in the middle there. "Are you looking for anything in particular?" "Ooh, I have recommendations, if you like." "There's Zemnian Nights. Very popular. There's The Enchanting Tryst, for those who want more of a fantastical perspective. Scent of the Sea, for the traveler who enjoys their perusal. That one is outer empire, so folks have varying interest. There's Tusk Love. That one's a little more saucy." "If you want something more gentle, something that's more of a classic love story, we have Guard of My Heart. Shallow Breaths are a bit more bawdy." "Right this way." She leans in for a moment and gives you a look. "Follow me." She leads you both to the back. She plucks a copy of Tusk Love. "Define 'historical.' What are your interests?" Make a persuasion check. You made me do this, Liam. Edubation?! Okay. "It's been banned for the past 15 years, but I do have a couple of reclaimed copies of Courting of the Crick, if you'd be interested." "Well, because it's--" and the voice stays very hushed, and she adjusts her glasses, the closer she gets "--because it is technically not supposed to be here, it's a bit pricier. That one runs you about 15 gold pieces." "Of course, it's not a worry. Just a moment." The other books, the regular books-- Briefly, yeah. Okay. As you complete your incantation, there is a slight shimmer of energy that expands around the chamber, and scanning through and across the books, nothing peeks out at you as magical from the shelves. It looks there's only a collection of tomes. You get a small blip from the hunched, cloaked figure in the corner that's currently reading through one of the books hurriedly. Just a faint source of magic on their person. Okay. I will say-- let me look at the-- If anything looks out of reach of the spell that I have just cast, I will walk in that direction. The only blip of magic source you're getting is from one of the patrons. Unfortunately, no. There isn't a lot of business for used books here in the Tri-Spires. Most folks purchase and display on their shelves. It's a symbol of status. The more books you have, the more you can display on your shelves, the more well-read you are to your guests, as you have them over. There isn't a big market for returning things you've read. Okay. The one that's closest to you, or one of the other ones? The one that's closest to you, as you approach from behind, he has a dark brown cloak that's pulled over one shoulder. He's wearing a sky blue tunic, soft, a silk sheen to it in what little bit of lantern light is lighting the interior. From the side of his chin, you can see he's got a softer, rounder face, and as soon as you begin to approach, as you aren't approaching quietly, he stops, the book closes, back on the shelf. Make a perception check. It is Shallow Breaths. Breaths. As the guy turns around, you can see him. He's mid to late thirties, you would expect, dark hair slicked back, the hairline pulling back a bit, male pattern baldness-style, human, and as soon he whips around "Oh, I'm just perusing." "I don't know, I've not read it, I couldn't tell you." "I need to go." He pushes past you, and as he begins to exit the chamber, he goes, "I'm all right, I'm good, thank you this time, good bye," and darts out into the rain. It is smutty. We're talking like, Anne Rice fairy tale book-level. I remember I got really -- No, I got really into Interview with a Vampire, and then my mom got these great new Anne Rice books, and I was like, "Oh, she made new books about Cinderella, that's-- oh." Yeah. It's what you'd expect. At this point, Iva returns with a book-sized tome that is covered in a soft deerskin leather, pulls it open, and shows you the outside of it. It's very high quality, like it's barely been read. "This is the piece." "You may." She looks over to make sure they're blocking the view to anybody else. Interestingly enough, it begins almost like The Silmarillion, in the sense that it reads not very flowery. It has a very instructional, nonfiction, historical-type speech. It begins to talk of early empirical conflicts. It begins to talk of the post-Calamity. It begins to talk of elements of-- It begins to hint at the ideas of forbidden romance between sides that were not meant to meet. A lot of it begins like, "and then this person led this army into this place, and these many were slaughtered." As you begin to flip through, she (chuckles), "I understand if that was enough of a peek and you're interested, you could purchase?" "That I do. And not a worry." She quickly folds it up and tucks it under her arm and hides it amongst her sweater. Right over here. She picks up a copy, the same copy the gentleman was looking through earlier, and hands it to you. "Three silver pieces." "Thank you very much." "That is also three silver pieces." (whispers) "All right, that's 15 gold." "Okay." Very terrible discreet hand-off, where it's like-- She adjusts her glasses once more. "Thank you, and it's been a pleasure. If you're ever interested, I do my own writing, and am in the process of finishing the third chapter of my next series, so--" "Well, it's not done." "Well," She gets a little nervous, reaches behind, pulls out a small piece of paper, and says, "I need this back because it's part of my manuscript. You can have a glance over it." At a quick glance, it is not very well written. It's a bit ham-fisted in its analogies and descriptives. You have caught the middle of a saucy meeting of a strong, strapping farmhand, who is currently trying to work down the cost of a piece of equipment by the purveyor. You don't have enough information to make out the full story, but it's this, "How can I get this at a cheaper price?" The salesman's like, "Well, I don't know. How much are you willing to pay?" It goes back and forth, and you're like, I see where this is going, but it's not going there fast enough. "Do you like it?" Make a deception check. She's like, "Oh good! I'm so glad you like it." "Oh, well there was a family background, yes. Before I took up writing." "I think it's rare that I meet people that are interested in seeing that type of niche. Thank you. I hope to have it ready for sale, hopefully within the next three or four months, so please do come by again." "Thank you." "It's kind of a word of mouth thing. The clientele prefer a bit of privacy." Oh no. You grab a quick copy of Guard of My Heart. The cover has the actual Crownsguard crest printed on it. It is a dynamic of honor versus what the heart wants. Make a sleight of hand check. As you quickly whip through the statement, close the book, set it on the shelf, no one any the wiser. You have a sense of accomplishment wash over you. You hear this faint, distant chuckle that is sourceless, but pleased. You have your smut. What would you like to do now? Easily enough. It's still raining, but not quite the heavy drizzle it was earlier. It's lighting up a little bit. As soon as you step outside, you can see, way far off in the distance, a little bit of blue begin to break. The heavy part of the stormfront, at least, is beginning to pass. You pick up the remainder of your ordered baked goods and a loaf of bread as well. You slide it under a what? Just on the counter? Make a sleight of hand check. 11, okay. He glances up, "Oh, that's more bread." "Yes, of course. Fresh. Here you are, sir!" Any other business you'd like to tend to while you're in the Tri-Spire, or are you joining your friends? As you guys make your way to the interior of the Pillow Trove, the same woman clerk, who you met the other day, is there in the process of going through and organizing the last bit of information of the few folks that got rooms the night before. You see at the top of the split staircase a female elf brunette with golden eyes, older in the face. You see some lines along the cheeks that-- for elves, that age gracefully-- shows a bit of age. You see a very beautiful, laced, red dress that goes up to the neck, with a bit of a window right there. The arms are crossed and folded in front, and as you enter, looks down and smiles. The clerk glances up, "Oh, hello again." "That's Madam Luenna. Madame?" and the woman descends the stairs, one step at a time, arms crossed. "Hello. Pleasure to make your acquaintance." "Can I help you?" "I am the owner of the Pillow Trove." "Thank you so much. I greatly appreciate it." "Thank you kindly. So?" "You're checking out? How unfortunate." "Jester. Is that your name?" She takes your hand and holds it. "A pleasure, my dear. Good bye." Turns and makes her way back up the stairs. LAURA and You walk upstairs, you find the room. It's small, the one that you had rented, but it's beautiful in the interior. The sheets have layered lace. High thread count. It's quite awesome. There is a balcony, though the curtain's currently drawn because of the rainy day outside. It's a very nice room. You get a decent view. It's not terribly high up, but you get to look down over the street below you, the cobblestones still slick and the rain pattering on the stonework. You see the fences that curl around the exterior of the terrace. The treetops are now more visible and the canopy is puffing up behind the larger estates and buildings that make up the interior of the Tri-Spires. You have a pretty decent view of the Zauber Spire from here. You see it domes towards the very peak. There is a glass, cylindrical, top floor that overlooks the entirety of the city. Make a perception check. Not too difficult for you to see, even through the bit of rain that's up there, but at the very top where you see the glass exterior, you see the outline of two figures that are standing, looking over the entire city from up there. Yeah, Zauber Spire. You can't make out the full details of them from this distance, but you can see the basic shape and outline of two figures looking out. Jester's just darting around. You hear Jester say from underneath the bed. No. Actually, it's pretty well-cleaned and maintained underneath there. I mean, do you want to sit and read it, like full? If you skim through it, you see pages, like some of it smutty, some of it seems boring. If you want to take the time to read it, either now or another time, I can give you more information, but scanning through, you don't see anything that catches your eye. Yes. It is called-- No. Courting of the Crick. LAURA, MATT, and You've bought baked goods, you've bought smut, and you've played in a hotel room. What do you guys want to do now? You'd have to ask around. Make an investigation check. You have a hard time finding somebody who can give you any information. Most folks, a couple of individuals you stop go like, "Oh I don't know about religion (scoffs)," and walk away. Seems to be less of an interest in conversing with you. No luck on that, unfortunately. They do not. It seems that they're not providing anything simply to read. You'd probably have to bring in your own or purchase them from the local Chastity's Nook. You guys meet up back at The Leaky Tap with the rest of your party. You have already retrieved your freshly transposed enchantment on your breastplate. You guys gather once again in the tavern to consolidate your plans for the day. At this point, it's early afternoon. Is there anything you wish to do with your day? Any place you wish to go? Anybody you wish to talk to? What do you want to do? Do you guys hang around until he's ready? Sure. Do you guys want to make separate investigation checks or does one of you want to help the other? So you get advantage on your investigation check. You spend a while looking around the back of the tavern. There is a back entrance that leads into the kitchen. There is a cellar entrance. You're not sure if it goes to the same place where you met or a separate subterranean space, but it is currently locked off, chained. No, you guys are on your own at the moment. So you're going to go ahead and pry the chain off of it? Yeah it's a chain and a lock. You get led outside in the soft drizzled exterior into the alleyway, feet clomping through the muddy floor. They show you to the outside of an angled door that leads to a basement cellar that is currently chained with a lock in the center of it. Perception check from each of you guys and make a check with your thieves' tools. Pretty bent. Which is good, because your thieves' tools, currently, are not very good. You're down one set. You can try again. You don't see anybody currently heading down or near the alley at the moment. No. There aren't any windows in the back of the building, since there are small vents for kitchen smoke to filter out, but there's no windows looking out into the alley. You add your proficiency bonus and your dexterity. 21. The lock comes straight off. Pull the lock of the chains, open the cellar and look down. It's dark. There's no light source in there. You head down. It is a second cellar. It is not the same cellar you guys have met with before. No, this one can only be reached from the exterior. Make an investigation check. You have-- You have disadvantage on this because there is no light source. Because there's no light in there. So even though you have darkvision, it's still dim light. You don't see any other passageways. No hidden doors or anything. In fact, this one's fairly empty. There's a few barrels in here and some small crates, but a lot has been moved out of here, either because it was recently used or it hasn't been restocked. Go for it. You find, not a bottle of wine, but you find a couple of heavy jugs of some sort of an older ale. 23? Okay, you glance around, you find a few odd copper pieces that are in the dust. You do find a set of metal bracelets. No. They're separate. But you do see they're currently resting around a skeletal wrist. It is a human size skeleton. It's been here for a long time. That's the only one you find. Not at the moment, no. So you get a torch situated. It lights up, the room's brighter. Okay. No more dead bodies. Even this one you find is mostly like it was stuffed behind some of the barrels. You can make a medicine check. No idea. It's just a skeleton. There is some elements of cloth on there but it's been down here long enough to decompose to a mostly skeletal state. So it was probably here a long time ago, and it was pressed up into this corner and barrels were pushed up against it to keep it out of sight. Probably the reason it hasn't been found until now. No. Okay. It's somewhat cloudy when you shake it, but still full. Okay, cool. Well. We're going to have to have a good, I don't know, a good chain of eyes out as we're down there tonight. We still have a few hours until sundown. Do you guys want to wait until the evening comes about? You can. So as you guys rest, the evening's light eventually comes to a darkened sky, the storm slowly begins to pass while the sky still remains somewhat cloudy, the stars not visible. It appears that the heavy waterfall from the air above has come to a patter, to a halt. As you prep for the tension of the evening's choices, we'll go ahead and take a break. Be back here in just a moment, guys. (laughing) This is some unique excursions into the city today. Before we go to break, guys, it'll be our Wyrmwood giveaway. This giveaway now is the cherry deck box. Which is a nice wood style, you can look inside, you get your fancy interior for your card decks and other things you want to hide in there. Ooh, it smells nice too. For this giveaway, go into the Twitch chat, it has begun! Right now the offer is only good for residents of the United States and Canada, because laws. Excluding Quebec, unfortunately. We're sorry, Quebec! For the official rules, the link will be in chat. Tonight the keyword is "unrest." U-N-R-E-S-T. So you can enter that in the chat now. Enter it once only; if you do it more than once, you'll be disqualified. We'll come back with the winner here in a few minutes. See you guys in a minute! [break] Welcome back. First, before we dive back in we have our winner of the evening, it is Areski14! Congratulations. Areski. A-R-E-S-K-I 14, congratulations! We'll get that to you ASAP. As you have taken the afternoon to rest within The Leaky Tap tavern, and the midnight meeting looming, what would you guys, if anything, you want to do anything or do you want to wait until the time transpires? You guys spend the remainder of the evening waiting for this to transpire, some patrons come in, some leave. You're reading through the book? It is, actually. It deals with the union of half-orc and the daughter of a traveling merchant as they meet on the Amber Road up near Druvenlode. It goes into a saucy union between the two, but they can't, because what would the parents think? Yeah. Uh-- Oskar. With a K. Oskar. Oh man. Beau, as you're reading through the book, it's interesting. It begins to talk about the conflict between the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian Empire. Yes, the Julous Dominion and the Dwendalian Empire. You're uncertain-- Make a history check? It begins to name generals and figures caught in this political conflict in the center. Remembering back to your studies, these names don't ring a bell. Either they're obscure or fictional for the purposes of the story. However, it does speak of a Crick assassin that had snuck its way past the borders during the conflict, and had attempted to take the life of a general named Theo. (as Bill Cosby) Rudy! Blame lots of Cosbys for that one. Sorry. The failed assassination attempt led to the capture of the assassin during, essentially, a test of wits between the general and this assassin-- Kind of, yeah. The assassin's been captured, removes the helmet, and behind is revealed to be-- The assassin's helmet was removed by the general after being caught. It's not very good smut, at least at this point. Yes. We're getting there. The assassin is revealed to be from the Kryn Empire of Xhorhas, with dark blue-purple skin, gray-white hair, and pointed ears of elvish lineage. She is. It's a female dark elf. The armor is described to be chitinous, almost organic in its design, though metal. You learn a little bit. It goes into a discussion of the term "Crick." The term "Crick" is actually a slur against the people that come from the Xhorhasian side of Wildemount. It's short for cricket because supposedly when the Kryn armies charge into battle, there are designed holes and tubes in the armor that sounds like a flock of crickets rushing into battle. No, it's not a detailed historical book. There we go. As the evening clocks in close to midnight and the majority of the patrons begin to dwindle and scatter into the night air, you watch as Ulog enters quietly, gives a nod of knowing towards the two of you, then, on his own, steps down into the cellar. About ten minutes or so later, you watch as Kara, the half-elf girl you had met before, enters, gives you a glance, but doesn't acknowledge anything, orders a drink, leans against the wall, then eventually disappears down into the cellar as well. Later on, you watch as Dolan, the human you had spoke with, that seemed to be the one spearheading this meeting before, enters with another human male. They both look back and forth, acknowledge you guys. The two of them eventually splinter off to different sides of the room, waiting. One, and a few minutes later, the other down into the cellar area. No. Make a perception check. 13. Hard to tell at this distance. You didn't see any visible or apparent scars or anything that gave you a sense of shiftiness, other than the careful demeanor. It didn't look to be a face of a rugged soldier, by any means. Make an insight check. Seems nervous, but not in a way that triggers your spider-sense, so to speak. 16 total? You get no bead on the wild words that are coming out of her mouth. Who all is going down? It's you three? So you guys keep watch. As you descend into the cellar below, you can see there's a table already set up with a few chairs around. There are two oil lamps that are turned low, and the four figures you saw enter are all sitting around, waiting. As you begin to descend, they give a knowing nod, and gesture to please take a seat. Just the four of them. As you enter, Dolan, the one who was leading before, sits up and goes, "I'm sorry-- what, um--?" They look to each other. "Have a seat." They glance about. "Dolan Thrym." "This is Horris Thrym, my partner." The man you saw enter earlier. Yes. "You know Kara and Ulog. What was your name again, you said?" "Caleb. Thank you very much for meeting us. Just the four of them. Ulog has been-- and please, take no offense, we're just very careful-- keeping a very close eye on your activities since we last met. Bit of a scare as you entered the King's Hall, but I've heard that you've done a bit of business, unrelated. He speaks to your skill and we may have--" He looks nervously over, and Horris leans forward and goes, "We put two months into planning something, and it requires certain skill sets. Ulog, if you'd like to elaborate on this." The dwarf leans forward, pulls one of the lanterns closer, so all your faces brighten up just a bit. He turns the wick up a bit. "So we've intercepted some documents to Lord Sutan, one of the pretty faces and money grabbers over there in the Tri-Spire. Very politically connected. Apparently, he's been doing some business with a lowlife who's known in the more crown-based circles as one of those arrest-on-sight types. We believe this individual might be involved with The Myriad. "We tried to bring this information to the Lawmaster, Orentha, as she is a friend of Dolan's. However, we were intercepted by the High-Richter Prucine. She's about as corrupt as you get in the structure here in Zadash. She intercepted it, so that she delivered the information. I've heard nothing since. A couple of our members have been closely watched by the Crownsguard ever since. So we believe the High-Richter might be in on it. We've decided if we can somehow turn Lord Sutan against the High-Richter, and then expose them to the Lawmaster, they'll either be arrested or ousted from their positions. Which, one, would be victory for those who don't want to live under the claws of corruption in this city. And two, vacates the position of High-Richter. While Horris' practice may have been irrevocably damaged in the public eye, Dolan is a respected member of the society here. The locals at least. We believe that, if not the High-Richter himself, perhaps another position as things shift. It would behoove us--" Dolan puts his hand up and says, "It would be helpful to have at least one of us with an ear on the bead of the inner circle of how law is distributed within Zadash. While it is not my bailiwick, people seem to trust me, and I think that's the most important thing when taking an office. We've outlined a means of doing so. This is where we may need your help." Looks over to Kara, and the half-elf leans forward, "All right then, so, the current plan is to infiltrate the Lord Sutan's estate in the Tri-Spire, steal a copy of his wax seal, and his handwriting. After we forge a little of the correspondence to this unsavory individual who he was speaking to in this letter, we make a new one that writes about an assassination of the High-Richter, sealed, and signed by the Lord Sutan. Then, we infiltrate the home of the High-Richter, tear apart her living space, look like it's been tousled and tossed, like someone was seeking her while she was out for the night, at a local ball, which she'll be one night from here. Before she returns to find her place destroyed, we take this letter that we found and left it, hidden within her room. She finds the letter, brings it to the Lawmaster--" At this point, Ulog pipes in real fast, "Sorry, misunderstood. She doesn't get the letter. We deliver it ourselves to the Lawmaster. I don't trust her to take it." You get the sense that they're not the most organized or experienced at this, but they're trying their hand at doing something that changes, hopefully, the status quo they're used to. "So, we deliver the letter to the High-Richter, or the Lawmaster. I prefer the High-Richter in front of the Lawmaster, if we can get the two in the same room, so there's no escape. We see her anger-infused, then they begin to create turmoil. Then, we expose them both, have them dropped or arrested, leaving the vacant spot, and they're out. "Wait, from who?" Dolan puts his hand up and says, "I'm sorry, reiterate that?" "What do you suggest, then?" No, Dolan is to be elevated. Horris is taking a back seat. "I was a physician." "We had a practice together. One of us had to take the fall. I accepted it myself. Dolan couldn't-- Dolan has too much at stake." "Well, the system's too big for us to deconstruct from the outside. At the very least, I can hope to improve it from the inside. I know the Lawmaster is a good woman. There are good people in there. But if we can root out the cancers, the tumors that threaten to make it what it is, and what it could become, that's something. We have to try." "She. And yes. She has been responsible--" Ulog, at this point, you can see his fingers gritting into the table. "She's the one who put my wife in that blasted prison." "We have been discussing that. If you have any suggestions, please." "Like?" "They don't, to my knowledge, know of the group. Just some of the individuals." "Well, there is Themond, but he's left, and has not gone to a meeting since he's started to be followed. He was the one who delivered the letter to the High-Richter. It was mainly-- nothing directly related to our meetings and more just the delivery of our intercepted letter." "Not. It wasn't something we chose, it just emerged from our meetings." They all look to each other, and back. There's a little bit of a smile, curls across Horris' face. He nods, "I think this is a pretty sound step in the right direction." "Do we leave evidence of correspondence in the home of the High-Richter, then?" "No. We've been very careful not to do that. We could fabricate some." Dolan pipes up, "I'm worried about turning in evidence, because there's nothing that could connect it to the spot. However, if we could plant evidence in the estate of the High-Richter, and convince the Lawmaster, I believe if we speak to her, she would at least do an investigation. They'd find this evidence in the home, in the right place. That could be enough." "The Lawmaster works above the High-Richter." You hear a (thump, hiss) as Ulog has pulled the cork of a small bottle of ale that was sitting there for a while, and begins to drink. "Honestly, more of a thinker. Ulog, however--" She points to the dwarf again, who has finished drinking, "Yeah, I used to run with some pretty shifty lot. Done a bit of burglary in my past." "We're not nervous about the Myriad, other than the fact that the Myriad's a bunch of fuckheads that steal, enslave, and push all sorts of unsavory business. They're the mirror side to the bullshit the Empire does. For all that, we want to make sure that if we can connect any of them to the Myriad, and Lord Sutan is definitely connected two birds, one stone. But then we have to plant evidence in two." Dolan sits back. "It's a good point. Any recommendations?" He thinks for a moment. Through his paperwork. Shut up. "How about The Song and Supper Inn?" "It's on the west side of the Interstead Sprawl." "Maybe 40 minutes on foot." They all look at each other. Kara leans forward, "Let's say-- The Inquiry." "Thank you. I appreciate that." Dolan nods and smiles. Looks to Horris, looks to the other two. "Thank you. We've been needing more than just angry voices of half-enthused common folk. People of action are hard to find that seem to have a trusted heart." Dolan's stare goes a little distant as he tries to fully comprehend the gravity of your statement before slowly nodding. "I will." "I will take that into consideration. Thank you." "I appreciate that. And you, I guess as we begin to put this together, what are your specialties?" "Good. Very well then, tomorrow afternoon, The Song & Supper." Ulog leans forward a bit and goes, "After you." Make a perception check. No strange behavior, there doesn't seem to be any business or activity towards the back or the alley. Nothing that catches your eye to be suspicious or encroaching upon the meeting below. You all regather in the center of The Leaky Tap tavern. At this point, you see Ulog make his way up and take a different table at the far corner. Then slowly, over the next 15 or so minutes, the other three exit the building. Make a stealth check, please. Which one are you following? There's the half elf-- There's two human men and then there is the dwarf male. They are. You follow them for the next 20 or so minutes before they come to a modest home. It's in a little bit of disrepair especially in the recent the recent storm; part of the roof is sinking inward a little bit. They enter, close and lock the door behind them. They glance through the window and they have a heated conversation back and forth. If you want to listen, then make a perception check. It's going to be a thing forever. It's hard to hear. It's muffled; the wall's thick. It's not an argument, more of a lot of passionate conversation back and forth, some aggressive counter points to some sort of conversation. Eventually they both settle down with a bottle of wine, and you glance through the window. You see the one with the blond hair is sobbing into his arms at a table, and-- They're both men. The other one has his arm around the other and consoles him. Looking inside, you see it's a lot of books across the wall, you recognize there are some alchemical vials or other things that similar-type glass containers that can be utilized for that. Some dried roots are hanging from the wall. A lot of them appear to be medicinal in nature. After about 20 minutes or so of watching this, nothing strange catches your eye. It seems like two people winding down after a stressful day. Make a perception roll for Frumpkin. Oh my god, it does! It's too hard to see from the outside. You can barely tell there are books there. The very low light there is inside, you can't make out any details. Single level house, it might be two rooms. No, it's not quite like impoverished, but it's not-- You do see a heavy crook of some kind, like a staff with a big heavy wooden knot at the end. It can be used to defend oneself and also as a walking stick. A shillelagh if you will. You can see a general shortsword that is put on a belt that is hung on a wall, but nothing in there that is militarized. Immediately inside you hear some rustling and all the lights inside go out and it goes dark. You run away. It lasts for an hour. It's probably run out by now. At this point, he's probably left. It's been about an hour since you returned. You did. It is about 100, 130 in the morning though. You guys met around midnight. So you can go try and wake up Claudia, if you'd like. Not at the moment. Wessek is there. Wessek is sitting back, it's a very slow night. "Hello, little blue girl, what can I do for you?" "It is very late, and I'm sort of wondering what you're bothering me with this late? I'm curious." "Sorry, I don't." "I couldn't tell you. The High-Richter is pretty, well, pretty high up there." "Most likely, or at least somewhere where it's official. It's my guess." "Goodbye!" So both of you guys go and hide? Stealth check from both of you. You have a passive perception of--? No, passive perception I believe for you is-- As you all go to bed, what are you doing? You guys go to sleep-- You haven't finished it yet, but a little over halfway. Okay, you go read it. Nott, what are you doing? No. It's empty, it's dark, except for you see this-- Actually, make a-- Let me check one thing on this. Just to see how this works in this circumstance. Make an investigation check. There you see a shining bag of glittering coin and buttons spilling out of the top of this small satchel. Yes, you do. You can go ahead and make an insight check. I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. You are charmed by Mollymauk. Meaning, you're very friendly and amiable, and take his advice and suggestions like a very dear friend. Okay. Oh, man. Make an acrobatics check. 12? That's enough. As you're darting through, you see the foot go out, and you leap, tumble, roll and make your way into the hallway and escape back to your chambers. You guys all eventually find yourselves to rest for the evening, awaking in the early morning. The chilled morning air comes through. The sky still mostly gray, with patches of blue that poke through. No rain, it's still a little chilled. There's a bit of fog burning off by the time you awaken and look out your room's window. The morning is yours, what do you wish to do? All righty. The rest of you gather-- You have your morning breakfast. More reinforcing more of what was there. Because a lot of the information about Xhorhasian society is still largely unknown or uncatalogued, you get the sense the more you read, and the more the perspectives of this assassin's left across the way, you're uncertain as to how accurate any of it is-- but it talks of a torturous society of bloodshed and beasts, a-- I got an eyelash in my eye, that's great. There we go. Okay, we're good. Talking of this terrible life of endless wastes of carnivorous and cannibalistic creatures and that the Crick nation being this terrible place of perpetual inner turmoil, and vying for the next position of power. The assassin that falls into this relationship falls into it as perspective of being saved, of being taken from this terrible place and brought into the good graces of this General, and brought into the comforting realm of the Empire. However, upon being discovered, ends up being captured, tried, and killed. The last part of the book deals with the General going through his own grief and the process, but also understanding it never could be, and was probably for the best. You're left with a unsatisfied meh feeling at the end of it all. Kind of. You know that the High-Richter is the associate judge to the Lawmaster. The Lawmaster oversees very high profile judgments, and then anything that falls below anything high-profile. Circuit judge, is what the High-Richter is. Things go through the High-Richter first before they go to the Lawmaster. They gauge what is important enough for the Lawmaster and what remains in their circle, which is why you can see the frustration with anything that they try to bring forth that may have been incriminating to an ally of the High-Richter could be easily caught in that net and not brought upward. The order ledger or you mean the letter? Right, you're not talking about the letter from Baumbauch from the Gentleman, right? Yes, there is. The Timalt Store House. Correct. Timalts are in Zadash. It's mid-morning. 1000. 1013 a.m. Yeah, you can do that. The writ was retrieved. Mmkay, so you guys make your way back to the same sewer entrance where you originally embarked below. There are two crownsguard in the vicinity, they're keeping watch of that intersection, just like they were last time. They haven't noticed your approach yet, but they are keeping an eye. Okay! Make a stealth check. All righty. As you hide off on the side, you focus and then concentrate on one of the two crownsguard. As the magic begins to slowly filter around the outside of the face, the brief little motes of shadow begin to be plucked from the space and gather around the outside of its head. Unknowingly-- what's your spell DC? That's a ten. It's higher than ten, I'm pretty sure. All of a sudden, the guard (grunts) and you watch as these motes fit faintly around the outside, like this floating crown on the top of the head. You force him to attack the other? The guard (grunts) grabs his blade, runs forward. The other guard is like, "Hey, what-- oh!" (screams) Pulls his shield up. "What's going on?! David, what the fuck are you doing?!" It's going to make another save. It's a two, it's still holding. The gate? It is locked. Everyone's attention right now is directly on this as one crownsguard is attacking the other. It's plus six. Nine. It's not coming off, it's not opening! He attacks the other guard, he's screaming, "Get help!" No, it's an 11. What's your spell DC? Make a strength check. Roll a d20, add your strength modifier. (ping) You actually break it with your bare hands, leaving an opening. There's a scream starting to happen, you guys start running in, one after another. Guard gets one more saving throw. 13, what's your--? 14?! Shit! The other guard is now wrestling him to the ground, and he's trying to hold him to the ground. "What the fuck?!" You hear screams going off around now this ruckus is gathering in the center as people are starting to yell. You can hear in the distance other crownsguard yelling and starting to gather in the middle of this chaos as you all get down in the sewer, and pull it shut. You hear all the ruckus up there, echoing down inside and other footsteps coming through and you hear this guy going, "I am so sorry, I don't know what was happening! Ow, that hurts! I don't know what's--" and you hear he's being held to the ground now, and people are shouting and, oh man. That guy's going to have a bad day! Go ahead and make a stealth check, guys. All of you guys make a stealth check. Okay. At a mass majority, you do slip around the same area where you had the original confrontation, you do see some more of those rats scattered about, but you manage to quickly dart by. In a few moments, you hear a (hiss) turn as they notice something, but they go in the direction, as you go in to move past. Some of them shift in where you were but no longer where you are. The blind rats are going by the sound and being misled a bit, so you manage to maneuver around without any immediate conflict. Eventually, you make your way back to where those webs were situated before the phase spider's little domain there at the edge. Still in tatters, untouched from where you left it. You head back to the rung and you can see the entranceway into the Tri-Spire District. Perfect! You're like the pallbearer to the undertaker of Fjord. Thank you! Anybody else making any effort or are you just doing your thing? Okay. Perfect. This is great. The moment you climb up the top-- did you leave it locked? Did you lock it behind you as you-- I think you left it unlocked. It wouldn't have been a huge issue. You're not in danger. We'll say you left it unlocked because you intended to possibly use it again in the future. You head back, push the two pipes, and you all climb back into the alleyway. You are now in the Tri-Spire district. Walking around the city, you see a few crownsguard wandering the streets, they occasionally put a glance to not recognize you wandering, but don't pay immediate attention. You do see one gentleman, early 60s or so, who's wearing this nice frilled shirt with heavy brass buttons down the front with this potbelly that's tucked in with a belt, breeches that go past the knee before his boots hit, and he's walking in the street, strutting a bit, looking up. He's the first person you see that crosses your path that looks like they probably know the vicinity. "Yes, can I help you?" "Well, that is the High-Richter's estate. I do not know if she is home. She may be at the King's Hall." "Very well. Let's see. Dayana's estate is right around that way." He points. You see that he has this thin, white John Waters mustache across the top that turns into this light goatee right at the tip of the chin. As he points over, you can see, "Right on the outskirts of the Gilded Willows-- that one." He points again. "It was my pleasure." He continues walking on his way. Approaching the homestead that was pointed out by that gentleman earlier, the homestead is surrounded by a seven-foot tall stone and mortar wall that tightly crowds the perimeter. This is only maybe a three-foot space between the wall and the actual home. You see that the two-story home is painted in a forest green color on the outside of the wood and stone built structure. You can see that there is a front archway to the door that goes beyond the wall. There is a small gate. Beyond that, there is the front door to the estate where there is a stationed crownsguard. There is actually only one crownsguard at the front door, behind the gate. As you approach, arms crossed-- Make a deception check. Glad you fixed that. The guard goes, "Oh, I-- Just a second," goes and opens the door, leaning inside. "High-Richter, you have guests out front." A voice goes, "Tell them to wait a moment." A moment passes. The crownsguard steps out of the way and you see emerge from the doorway an older female half-elf with dark red-purple hair that is short on the sides and brushed to one side, almost to a point. She has a gaunt, angular appearance, and is in the process of putting on ceremonial gold and white armor, similar to what you had seen on the Herald of the Hall, but a more elaborate design, and taken from the process of buckling together a brace. She walks up and goes, "All right, now who's here for their time with me?" "I have no idea who you are." Make a deception check. "Yes, of course, I recall. It's been some time. What brings you to the front of my homestead in the middle of the day? I'm on my way to the Hall." I would like both of you to make deception checks, please. She goes, "Puppies, I'm sure. Well, Baumbauch is outside of the Zadash jurisdiction. That is Trostenwald territory. I'm afraid that is not something I would nor could handle if I wanted to. If you wish to bring them to justice either present your evidence to the lawmaster of Trostenwald, or bring Baumbauch to me. Otherwise, I have no interest." "Then why are you wasting my time right now?" "Am I step inside." The crownsguard step inside and close the door behind. "Am I to understand that you've come out here in broad daylight to my estate in an attempt to bribe the High-Richter of Zadash?" "So long as it's not a bribe. Favors we can do." "I'll see what's possible. I'll ask around. I'll take these documents, if you don't mind, to see what can be mustered." "Of course. There are all sides and types of favors that can be helpful to the Crown and those below." "I think they're droll and must be fed to their larger kin. So are we done here?" "I'm certain it has been." Well, this is on the front doorstep. No, she pulled the crownsguard inside. From the immediate front position, there is the door itself beyond the archway, two small windows to each side of it, though it appears that they're closed, and they're bisected with wooden beams between. They are shuttered, yeah, from the inside. You'd open them from the inside to bring in the light, but they're currently closed. The second floor above you do see one balcony. It's a bit receded and there's a balcony that looks out over it all with a second set of doors, but that is currently closed. Okay. Oh, I got you. I follow you now. There is an immediate bit of a scowl and, "I would also ask nicely if you'll stop bringing these demon bloods onto my estate to be ruining--" She turns around wordlessly and goes inside and slams the door. As you guys are having this conversation, you notice that the streets themselves have long silken streamers that are affixed from light pole to light pole as part of the decoration along the streets, but you see additional decorations being put up. You see bunches of flowers being affixed to the top of these poles, you can see more streamers of multiple colors being placed around a center courtyard, in one of the mid-areas of the Silken Terrace. Right now, it's just being put around the Gilded Willows, which is a little ways further away from the estate as you're heading back. You can see decorations going up, tables being set, it looks to be a small platform being risen. There's some sort of event coming up fairly soon. Yep. So you guys make your way, reversing your steps, outside of the Tri-Spire, making your way towards the western side of the Interstead Sprawl, to the Song & Supper Inn. There are a few, yeah. Okay, you sneakily slip it into a small gap, so it's visible, but not liable to be blown away. Perfect. As you guys make your way to the interior of the inn, it is lively. It is the loudest, musically, tavern, you've seen. You get the sense, both by title, and by the interior, that this essentially a perpetual an open mic night for any musicians or bards who want to come and try out their craft. There are three different bands that are cycling through on the main, raised dais to perform. The atmosphere is lively, and folks come here for that. It's a poor tavern, comparatively. The interior looks like a lot of the paint is chipped and run or crinkled, the smell inside is not the best, but it serves basic food, basic drinks, and at least an atmosphere of music and fun. Some folks sing along, and jump into a shanty or two. As you come in, you can see both Ulog and Dolan are currently sitting at a table across from each other. As they notice you guys approach, they raise a drink, and you can see the rest of the table they have ready for you guys to come and sit. Your spells would have run out by now. Not in the tavern, no. There was one outside, but patrolling the streets. Not everything is super heavily guarded in smaller areas like this. Make a perception check. I mean, no more than anyone looks at you when you enter a room, being a blue-skinned tiefling. You don't get the sense that anyone is casing you the entire time that you've been there. You don't notice anybody following you in, no. You see Dolan and Ulog are there waiting at the table, as you come and join with them. Does everybody sit with them? You go with them to the table? Dolan gives you a look. "And this is one of your associates?" "No, I'd just like to ask your name." "Tonya? Pleasure. I'm Dolan, Dolan Thrym, this is Ulog." He sits there, he's like, "Hey." They both take a very long minute and look over you. "I'm sorry, I'm just being careful." "I can see that." "No." "I mean only in the sense that they're fresh faces." Ulog leans in, he's like, "I've watched them a bit, they're all friends, it's fine." Dolan goes, "All right." Dolan goes, "All right, so, we've been looking for an opening, we've been trying to find out. We thought it was tonight, but they've pushed it back a day. There is a pre-harvest gala happening in the Tri-Spire tomorrow night. We figure this distraction would be enough to do any of the quiet infiltrations that we're attempting to accomplish, should you still be interested in coming with us. I know there was hesitation, and I don't want anyone to be coming into this that doesn't feel comfortable. To be honest, I want to be comfortable as well, and to know that we're going to bed with the right people. Are there any concerns? Any questions, worries?" "Right. I assumed that was probably going to be a thing. Me and Horris pitched in together. We don't have much, but this is too important to not. Me and Horris put together about 115 gold between the two of us." He puts a small thing on the table, showing it. He's not putting it out in the open because he doesn't want to be like "I have all this money on the table!" He's like, "We have some. Kara put in 53 gold of her own." Ulog leans in and goes, "513 gold, 21 silver, 302 copper. It's my life savings. I want to see these fuckers burn." Make an insight check. Total balls? Hard to read. "We wouldn't be going to the gala. We would be--" "Party after." Ulog, still leaning forward, goes, "I'd like to. I have the most at stake here, monetarily. I've got skills I think will synergize well with the ones you bring to the table. I'll be coming with you." Dolan goes, "Kara, her skills are more in the interpersonal level, not so much infiltration. And I'm just me, so I don't think I'd be of much help." "Actually, yes. Not many. We have a few left over. Horris should have a few more." "I hope that isn't the case. Just in case, all right. I'll have those sent. I'll send them along with Ulog for you." "Of course." "Oh, yes." He pulls out a small piece of parchment and discretely hands it to you under the table. You feel it tap your knee. As you look inside, it's a symbol that looks like an R, but part of the R extends beyond to produce a K, almost. It looks like a sigil or seal that utilizes the title in it. "I haven't used my art degree." (laughter) "I have to ask you, because if we're all going in on this, I have to be absolutely sure. Are you coming with us on this? You can back out. There's no shame in that, but we're not going to go in this without your help as well. That would be foolish." He stands up for a second and says, "Ulog, drink?" "Sure." They both get up from the table and walk over to the bar to get another round. Yeah. You have the rest of the day, the evening, and tomorrow night is apparently the Pre-Harvest Gala in the Tri-Spire. You see Dolan and Ulog are having their drink at the bar. They walk up and sit down. "So can we count on you?" You see Ulog and Dolan share a look and nod. A smile comes across Dolan's face. "Thank you. You won't regret it! I suppose, prepare whatever you'll need. We'll meet back in the cellar of The Leaky Tap tomorrow at sundown, and we'll take it from there." You can sense this excited nervousness to his voice that wasn't there before as he smiles. "We have a few ideas." "Til tomorrow, then!" He gets up and finishes his drink and buttons the top button of his shirt, and then makes his way out. Ulog sits up, goes and takes what swills at the bottom of Dolan's drink and finishes it, then finishes his drink, pops it down. "Til tomorrow." He gets up and leaves. Perception check. You don't notice anybody paying attention. The only thing you notice is that on the way out, Dolan -- As he heads to the door, you see Kara, the half-elf, was waiting at the door. As soon as he heads over, she goes, "So?" They both exit into the main thoroughfare. You don't know much about Lord Sutan. You haven't heard his name referenced at all with any of the-- Make a perception check. 15? You glance through the crowd, and you can just make out, it the distance, the back of Ulog as he's walking down the street, about to turn. As you catch up, he glances over his shoulder at the sound of the running, and he goes, "What?" "I don't fucking know. His estate? He's not that far from where the gala's happening." He knows where he lives, that's it. That's all, supposedly, in one night. At dawn, we plan. And that's where we'll pick up next week. Building up to-- I know. D&D, motherfucker. So we'll see where this takes you guys next week, during the Pre-Harvest Gala. You brought back Pumat, you bought D&D smut. There you go! Bought some bear claws. You did. Oh, that's cool!