Welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons and Dragons. This evening, we're about to dive into our final game of the year before we go away for the holidays, and then return in the new year to begin our new campaign. So tonight, instead, we're going to have the members of Vox Machina who could be here-- unfortunately, Ashley is still in New York. Laura is busy being at the Video Game Awards because she was nominated for Best Actress. So we're sending all the awesome, positive thoughts her way and wishing her luck. And we all knew Vex was going to go out in the first half anyway. That's not true. But we miss you, Laura. We do have a sponsor tonight. We have, for this fantastic episode, Marvel Puzzle Quest returns to sponsor an episode. Thank you so much, Marvel Puzzle Quest! Sam? God, Sam, holy shit. We have officially hit that level in our game. All righty. So let's see. Other announcements? We have a quick one tonight, I think. This is actually a continuation of a charity event that Satine's been running for years, where me and her first played D&D together years ago. She asked me to be a charity DM and me and Keith Baker ran games at Meltdown, years ago. So it's an awesome group, awesome games. Please check it out. Support it if you can. Yeah, it was rough. But it was fun. It was a good time. So yeah, check that out. Next Thursday will be our big wrap-up. We've been asking questions of the community. There's been a lot of really great questions. So we got through as many as we possibly can for this episode next Thursday to answer a lot of questions about the campaign, the world, things that went unanswered, curiosities that you may have been holding on to. The ones that we didn't get to, we might carry over into the first week of the new year or something. We'll figure it out. We want to get through as many of these as we can, but we have a large bulk of them coming to you next Thursday in this time slot. So check it out next week! Let's see. Any other announcements you guys want to bring up? Also, me and Marisha are both happy to be hosting with the folks who make Gwent. If you're familiar with the Witcher, they have their own card game. Yeah, I'm not a fan. But we're helping host their upcoming Gwent tournament next weekend, Friday and Saturday. I can't really say the specifics of it because they're going to announce it on their own time, but it's going to be fun. Somewhere in the Europes. But yes, we'll be there. We'll have information on our Twitters and social media if you want to follow and check out both Gwent. We're streaming tomorrow morning, actually, our last stream of us getting prepped, and we're meeting with a bunch of guys in the community that are showing us the ins and outs of some of the factions and decks. So if you're like us and up early tomorrow on Twitch, we'll be there. We'll figure out all of the information on Twitter. All right. Anything else, guys? Individually and as a collective fumbling our way through existence day to day. Awesome. All right. I believe that brings us to the conclusion of our announcements. And finishing that up, let's bring us to tonight's special Level 20 Battle Royale episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] How many is this? Seven Sams, that's your name for the night. Seventh Sam-urai. So folks. Not long-- There's a narrative. Not long before you finish your preparations for the final battle with Vecna, you all spent an evening going to rest with unease and as sleep took you, a vision fills your mind. Groggily you come to, wiping the insides of your eyelids, trying to find some means of grasping the scenario around you. As unfamiliar smells of stale water and crushed stone begin to fill your sinuses, the light blearing into your vision, you slowly focus to look around you and find a strange assortment of structures in the vicinity. And there above you, cracking through the clouds with a thunderous boom, you see a cloaked figure descend from the heavens, hands held aloft, palms up to the sky as bolts of energy arc around its form. As it slowly drifts, hovering above this central tower, the sconces of flame below burning with embers that drift up with the wind and vanish. The cloaked figure spins around, revealing the face beneath the hood, a well groomed, beautiful, familiar beard and his perfectly combed hair. One side of his body contains unique armor with a series of spines of metal seemingly protruding into his arm, as if to keep it in place. (laughter) As he spins around, making eye contact with the five of you members of Vox Machina, his voice billows out, "You've come again. And here you are, and since you're here I think it's time that you "show me what you've got. Show me what you've got!" With a thunderous clap he vanishes. You see a singular column of green energy left behind where he stood, that now rests upon the top of the pillar. You watch as these two disparate towers on two ends of the battlefield begin to slowly spin as energy crackles throughout them. You look around the field for any sort of view of your opponents and all you see are your friends, and you know in that moment that this is another challenge from the Great Colville, to show who amongst you is most powerful. His voice cracks out from the heavens, "Roll initiative." It's an ability check, yeah. No. I'm checking real fast here, hold onto your numbers for a moment. Which can include yourself. I'll put it this way, does everybody have something they wish to prepare before the battle? And as a note, whatever potions that you had on yourself that are healing potions, are out of this battle, as you check your contents of your pockets. Sure. LIAM and As you take in the gravity of the situation you can see a small sparkle around you as a containment field marks the exterior of this battlefield both around and roughly 80 to 100 feet in the air. Yeah. Initiative orders. 25 to 20. All right, so we have currently Percy at 24, Scanlan at 21, Grog at 20. I would like you both, right now, to roll a dexterity check. Roll a d20, add your dexterity modifier. Yep. Because technically you're on the same initiative, but I can't have you doing your actions at the exact same time. This is to see who's slightly faster. Wait. How'd you get 32? That's your saving throw, it's a dexterity check. Still higher. No, it's just an ability check. You're fine, you beat Keyleth. So there is a burst of speed and Vax is ever so faster than Keyleth. His dextrous capabilities edge her out of the initiative order, so Keyleth, you're taking up the rear. I know. With that, as those two towers are currently crackling, Percival, it's your turn. All right. So you rush around. That's about as far as you get with your movement. Looking inside, you see a large cluster of sigils carved into the ground with crystals sticking out and it's this low pulsing purple energy. Make a perception check, actually. 23. You notice a small groove of similar pulsing kind of purplish-blue energy that runs from the circle and out of the chamber, which is this line here. And then you also barely see on the edge what appears to be an archway, a door that is built that has a slight shifting barrier of mist where the archway is. You move into the archway? Okay, and with that you move here. That's where it puts you. And having revealed those two elements of the battlefield. Going to leave those two open for the time, but there is a roof up there about ten feet tall. End of your turn? Okay. Scanlan, you're up. Okay, you cast Invisibility on yourself. That's your action. That is currently a door. Meaning it is a door. 25. No. You're not a rogue, buddy, no. Sorry. However, you are currently considered invisible. It's been a few weeks since we played and I left my markers at home. But that's okay. That cake means you're invisible. It's an invisibility cake. All right, finishing Scanlan's turn. Grog, you're up. 30, you're at the door. Go ahead and make an attack against the door. 20, go ahead and roll damage. You now hear a thunderous roar, Grog's voice billowing out from the air not too far from you across a moat-like pond of clear water that surrounds the vicinity of the central tower. With a smashing sound, you see wood splinter off into the air. With the axe. This is the Bloodaxe? Bloodaxe is a d12. Yeah, d12. What did you roll? 23, double eight? Yeah, the door is destroyed. It's blown inside, the hinges kind of (squeaking sound) and what little bit of the door still remains kind of breaks off and slams into the ground, and revealing the interior of this chamber, the door now open. It is empty except for a singular chest sitting in the far corner from you. That was 30, you still have 20 feet of movement. Yes you can. Nope, that would be an action. Okay. At this point, both of the towers-- the sparking energy arcs outward and nobody's in the vicinity, so no worries there. You watch as energy sparks offward and hits the other structures nearby and then eventually pulls back into the towers and the glow is slowly building once more. Vax, you're up. Okay, roll a stealth check, please. Not at the moment. Okay. You're on deck, Keyleth. Okay, Vax vanishes into the shadows of the field. Let's see here. Yeah. That your turn? Okay, ends Vax's turn, Keyleth, you're up. Yes? Is this in reference to a creature? Blindsight means that they either don't use their eyes to see and as such Blind doesn't affect them. Yeah. Creatures without eyes, such as grimlocks, grey oozes, either it's naturally blind and can see without having to use the eyes or if it's ever blinded it doesn't affect it. Not with blindsight, with tremor sense you would still feel him running across. Where are you casting it? Right. It creates a beam when you cast it. Correct, but when you initially cast it you create a beam so if you want to fire at wherever and it's gone, that's fine. Yeah, you very plainly see Percy. All right. First blood. Other than the door. Which, to be fair, is the most Vox Machina opening thing to destroy. No, Travis did earlier. All right, Percy, I need you to make a constitution saving throw, please. Yes, it is. You do. Yep, your spell DC. 25, I think that saves. Half as much damage. 33 damage. Half that. You take 16 points of radiant damage. You do. It's considered a large creature. No. Because about ten feet tall, it's about as tall as the roof. But you do see Keyleth come out of the side, blast a Sunbeam-- Your line of sight over there, you barely see her rush around the corner, fire this beam of energy, and then (whooshing) into an elemental and then curl around the way. Ending Keyleth's turn, Percy you're up. You don't know where he went. So Percy has Silence on him, Scanlan, you're up. I mean, 25 would put you-- almost. Not at the moment, it doesn't look like. You know where she went, but you don't see her. You walk up to the door, and you're going to try it? No, it's locked. 25. Little gnome feet. Okay. Do be aware-- Invisibility ends when you cast a spell. Any spell. I know. What are you holding your action then? Yeah. Does your earth elemental have tremor sense? Make a perception check. 15? No, because you went your full movement, so yeah, no. She senses you. She has a pretty good idea. So you don't see him and as you're looking around you sense the ground (footsteps). Something's there. Something just moved behind that other building. From a story, it's before because I needed a reason for Vax to still be there, but I wanted to make sure that everything was there. Yeah, tremor sense, 60 feet. Yeah. All right, so that ends Scanlan's turn. You don't know that. You're like, "Aw, I'm so slick! Nobody knows where I am!" She's like-- "There." All right, and finishing Scanlan's turn, Grog. At this moment, the energy in those two circles begin to (vibrating). Percival, you glance over the back of your shoulder and you see a burst of bluish-purple energy fill the entire chamber. Inside this entire room fills purple. It washes past you. You feel warm but no damage, nothing. Yes. And that's all you saw. Grog, your turn. You may. You use your action to open the chest and reach inside. You get yourself a Potion of Superior Healing. Sure. 50 is about right here. It is solid, but there's no roof on it. It's an open cylinder, almost like a small cylindrical bunker. It's about six feet tall. Yeah, you could use it for cover or use it to hide. The other ones, though, with the towers on top, are solid. Even though they have windows there, imagine those have no entry. They're just a platform for the towers generating electricity. Does that end your turn, Grog? All right, that brings us to Vax. All right. There are stairs that spiral up. I'm sorry. This works for a certain point before I'm like, all right. 24 hours, yeah. But he still loses the Battle Royale. Okay, got you. All right, that ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. You're going to Sunbeam the gnome? Scanlan, as you're sitting there hiding-- This giant earth elemental comes around the corner, that you know to be Keyleth, and looks in the general space you are and fires a beam in the direction where you are. And it's wide enough to hit you. So you gather, in that brief moment before you get completely enveloped by burning, radiant energy, "Oh shit, she knows where I am." Make a constitution saving throw, please. Yeah you can. That's true. No. Yeah. You're right. Thank you for reminding me of that. Yeah, make a constitution saving throw. Okay, so you're not blinded. And you take half damage. No. Once we get the damage in, he has to make a concentration check. 32, so 16 points of radiant damage and I need you to make a constitution saving throw, with advantage because you're a war caster. All right, you're fine. You maintain concentration on Invisibility. All right. So Keyleth, is that your turn? All right, you moved around that way. Top of the round. Oh, you do have a bonus action still, yeah. Percival, you're up. But now you're beating the ultimate villain yourselves. 30. You get to about there with your movement. Yeah, so one over this way? Okay. All right, that's your movement. You do, as you turn the corner, glance over and you see a large earth elemental around the corner, stomping within visual range. That's true, and you do see Grog across the water that way. Well that's 30 feet right there. So you have four attacks. Which weapon are you using? Well, Taliesin, here's the weird thing. Cabal's Ruin currently has no effect. It currently lays against you like a normal cloak. But you still get the shot off so you can roll damage on that. Piercing damage? Which, non-magical, you're resistant to. So you would take 13 points of piercing damage for the first hit. You still have three more attacks. You watch (gunshot). You see bits and pieces of the outer-shelled armor of the earth elemental fracture and spiral off. Minimal impact. Okay. I'm pretty sure that hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Okay, so as you take half that because you're raging, you get pushed five, ten into the barrier. Make a constitution saving throw. Okay, so you succeed. So you take-- that was a very balanced roll. Like, six, six, six! Two, two, one. 23 points of force damage, halved. 23 would be halved, so 11, and you do not get pushed. As it slaps you into it, it slams into your back and you feel it forcing you away from it at a much harder rate than you were forced into it, but you manage to hold firm on the ground and not get pushed forward. All right. So that's your turn. Scanlan, you're up. You watched her walk around. Okay, this will break your Invisibility. So level two? I just assume at this point. So 2d4 plus six. So hearing Scanlan's song, Marisha, there is no roll because it is irresistible. Your earth elemental form begins tapping a heavy stone foot. (impacts) You start turning into your own version of STOMP, a one-elemental show. Slamming into the ground to the beat, maintaining it although he stopped singing, you're feeling it. Hold on, let me see here. Let me check one thing. Let me check one thing just to be sure because she's an elemental and that may or may not have an impact on this. All right, yes. So you are not immune to charm, so you're fine. So you can't move. That's true. So on your turn, you have to use all your movement to dance without leaving your space. So you're unable to move from that spot until you get rid of the spell. You can, as long as it's in that space. So you can do a little box-slide into that five-foot square and you're fine. It lasts until you spend an action to try and make a saving throw to resist it. Yeah. You also have disadvantage on dexterity saving throws while this is happening. So you can't move. You still have your action and you can still cast spells from it, but until you spend an action to try and make a saving throw-- This would be a wisdom saving throw. Doesn't matter. So Scanlan-- Okay, that's about as far as you can get. Okay, that ends your go? Top of the round. Grog, you're up. The torches at the base of the tower begin to flare up and then (explosion). You watch as all the space around the outside of the tower radiates with burning flame, affecting nobody. But you get the sense that there are elements to this field you have to use to your advantage or avoid altogether. Grog, as you see this flare burn around you and then dissipate, it's your turn. Vax, you're up. So that's what you see. You're on deck, Keyleth. No, you still have your action. Okay. Got it. All right. Keyleth, you're up. Nope. Scanlan is making you dance and then goes like, do-do-do! And disappears behind the pillars. Irresistible Dance. Go for it. The DC is? 22, you do not succeed. You're just grooving out! Only one way to find out. As your form shifts into that of a moving, grooving fire elemental, you continue dancing in place. But now it's less STOMP and more really smooth, soft rave dancing. Essentially. That ends Keyleth's turn. Percy, you're up. Percival, the cloak the energy returns to it. You feel the boots solidify back in place and no sound. All magical items, all effects, it seems. No sound. The door's closed. Okay. Make an attack with it. Yeah, no, roll damage. The door doesn't take psychic damage. You fire, no sound. The door opens with a creak, no sound. The chamber within reveals a chest in the corner. You hide off to this side, waiting. Technically, it's not reducing your movement. You're just spending your turn dancing in place. This spell is worded apparently to just skirt around Freedom of Movement. You can move, you just don't want to. You're Flashdancing in there! That ends Percy's turn. Scanlan, you're up. True Polymorph is concentration. Correct. That's okay. The brass dragon figure goes back on the table. Sorry. It's getting better! No, it's not. Do you shake it out of your pant leg? You do all have the earrings in! Yeah, you've got everything you have. Yeah, you can! Scanlan, what you got? Grog, you're on deck. Go for it. M'lightning bolt. It is the m'lightning bolt. (laughter) The Bardic School of White Knighting. I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw with disadvantage because you're dancing. 26 points of lightning damage to your fiery form. No. You're just boop! Okay, that ends your turn. Top of the round. Grog, as you are coming around the way, you see a familiar sparking of lightning energy as the two lightning towers blast off a radius of lightning energy. But no one's in the radius to be affected by it. That brings it to your turn. Make an attack. You do. Another heavy hit right after the bolt of lighting dissipates over the horizon, you see splintered woods as an axe swings over the range of the nearby roof of that building. You hear an angry goliath yell as the door is sundered, opening to the chamber within. All right. Vax. Scanlan is playing the exact opposite as he did as Taryon in the last one! Okay, so that ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. And with that, you have your movement back. Yep. You do. No, you don't have another action because you used your action to resist the spell. Which, previously, Keyleth had two elemental forms before she had to make a short rest. 20th-level Keyleth has just transformed into her third form. At full health. You get the sense now, and you've heard of such rumors in your research as a bard, that certain powerful archdruids can wild shape as many times as they want. All right, that's your turn. Percy, you're up. No, it's a solid wall about six feet tall, which you can see Keyleth peeking over the top a little bit. All right, you open the chest and you acquire a potion of superior healing. No, he's not invisible anymore. You see him. Okay. Well, and you're further than 60 feet from him, I think, actually. Yeah, so it wouldn't work. 28 to hit. You take ten points of damage. You don't hear anything. All of a sudden-- So you take 20 points of damage and the (impact and grunting). And you glance over your shoulder and you can see across the way, there's Percival, gun up, but you've heard no gunfire. 26 points of damage. Lightning damage also gets doubled. 33 is doubled, so 66 points. So 106 points of damage from that shot. Okay. You reload. Well, he's not actually using a hide action. He just goes into a chamber. So Percival, that's the end of your turn? Scanlan, you're up. You watched this earth elemental dive into the tower right next to you in this open space. You get shot the fuck up. You're covered in your own blood and you watch Percival in the distance slink out of sight. And you're hurting bad. There you go. Heal up 11 points of damage. Hey, it all adds up. I'll keep this on deck just in case. Ancient brass dragon. Just chilling on the side. You're on deck, Grog. The opposite circular tower? All righty. Hand me the piece? All righty. That's your action. Grog. At the top of your turn, actually, nothing happens because none of you-- all of you are not able to see anything happen. Grog, it's your turn. You pull it open. Potion of Superior Healing. I also want you to make a constitution saving throw. 19? Wasn't a great roll. You take 20 points of poison damage. Halved, because of your belt. And you are currently poisoned. As you open the chest, this dark black-purple smoke billows out as you grab and pull the potion out of it. Almost like a trigger or something. It fills your nose, your lungs. You're coughing and it seizes the inside of your chest. And so you are currently poisoned. You can get right inside, if you want. Okay, you're hanging right there, just on the outskirts. No, because you were hiding behind the side and he rushed right to the hallway. I'll say because you weren't hiding and as part of the battlefield here, glancing about, he does see you because you do not have a hide action. Ends Grog's turn. All right, I see what you're doing. That's your turn. Keyleth. Currently? What's the tremor sense? 60 feet? No movement. At all. Yeah. Yeah, that hits. Roll damage and then double it. Percy, you're on deck. Yeah, you just punch the door in and your fist goes through it and you have to pull it off the hinges and shake it off of your giant battering ram-like fist. The door opens, reveals a singular chest against the other wall. Well, it's an action to open it, but you can move up. What's your movement as an earth elemental? 30 feet? Yeah, you'd be able to just get up to the chest but you don't have another action to open it. Yeah, you're having to duck down to get in there. It's about ten feet tall and you're like eleven-foot tall as an earth elemental, probably littler than 12, so you're crouched down a little bit. That ends your turn, Percival, you're up. Yeah, that's the end of your movement, you'll be able to get there. Currently no, you can not. Nope. You have no sight on anybody. You get to the top, aim, and the battlefield's quiet and empty and you're like, "Ah, fuck." Well, your movement's there so you can't move any further. Okay. Are you trying to hide, or are you just trying to give yourself cover? So you're going prone. Yeah. Well, no, to drop prone is fine. To get up out of prone is just dropping to the ground. I know. Silence is different than vibration. Unfortunately. I mean, it is vibration in the air, but that's not going to stop vibration in the ground. It just dampens the sound. Nope. He's just outside of it, so you feel nothing. Got it. Make a general perception check for me, if you don't mind. Saving throw, yeah, sorry. Ending Percy's turn, Scanlan, you're up. Okay. Yes. You think? Yeah. You'd die. Make an intelligence check. Oh, yeah, he's going (huffing). Yeah, you've worked with him enough to know that while he's raging charm effects-- Sorry. I'm giving you guys benefit of the doubt that you've all worked together enough to the point where you do notice elements of techniques and tells. Because it's helped you in the past. Let me tell you. If there's anything to turn Vox Machina away, it's elderly people. No, it's a bonus action, it's used. Sorry. Percival, glancing over you can see Scanlan emerges from around the corner, keeping an eye, looking around the battlefield, and doesn't seem to notice you're there. Well, he wasn't holding an action. Grog. Top of your round. You watch as the braziers at the base of the tower flare up and flames consume this outer area just on the outskirts. Not the top, but just the surrounding area of the tower and then die down, the walls of flame burning to an ember and then vanishing. It's your turn. It's a small, a sigil raised platform. Okay. Out the other side you emerge. You get right up-- oh god. You get right about there. Sure. Make an athletics check to see if it succeeds. Okay. Now I need you to make an acrobatics check for me because it is a very small doorframe you're trying to leap into. You do jump, but your head and shoulders slam into the doorframe. So you get the additional leap. You're now in the doorframe, you're blocking it off. You have a little bit of extra movement, but that's as far as you can get. You have a ringing in your ears and you're like, "That "smarts a little bit." You, as you're there by the chest, you hear (grunting). You turn around and see Grog in the doorway like (grunting), looking at you right in the face. That finishes Grog's turn. Vax? First question no. Text your actions! Jesus! Okay. Good to know. That brings us to Keyleth. You're now between a chest and blocked door frame with Grog in it. Oh, I keep forgetting to ask you. Make a concentration check when you took damage as a fire elemental with advantage. With the fire elemental's constitution. Yeah, I wanted to see if you lost concentration on the Sunbeam. All right, cool. It was 26 or 27 damage, so you would have to make a 13 or 14. What are you doing, Keyleth? You guys are playing it really safe now! That's true. No, you-- okay. I take it back. One of you is playing it real safe. What're you doing, Keyleth? Sure, you can certainly try! You first attack would have to be a grapple attempt. Your athletics versus his. If the elemental doesn't have any athletic skill, then it's just your strength modifier. Go ahead and roll. No shit?! I was not expecting that! Not with advantage! You reach out and grab, and you have Grog. Make your other slam attack. Correct. 17, this is against the chest, technically. What's your armor class? Yeah. Okay. You reach and grab Grog. You slam him and it destroys the chest. It splinters underneath. Roll your slam attack damage. 14 points of bludgeoning damage to you, Grog. You're not prone, but you are moved to the opposite side of her. The chest is shattered beneath you. LIAM and I need you to make a constitution saving throw. Grog, you make another one as all of a sudden, poison gas fills the entirety of the chamber around you as soon as you destroy this chest. You are unaffected by any of it. So you succeed. 18 points of poison damage reduced to nine. No, but he's poisoned, so he has disadvantage on attacks and ability checks until he gets rid of the poison. Against her? Yeah, I'll allow it. You're not prone. She just moved you over and slammed you into it. You managed to maneuver and get back on your feet, but your impact against the chest destroyed it and released the trap inside. You can, but you have disadvantage on the attack because of the poison, so it's just a single strike. 32 points of slashing damage. Right now, the whole place is filled with poison smoke. You have no idea. You have full movement, he already used his reaction so he doesn't get an attack of opportunity on you. You are submerged in this water. That ends Keyleth's turn. Percival, you're up. You turn around and you watch around the corner you have Scanlan peeking around one side and you have Keyleth coming out as an earth elemental, turning into a water elemental then disappearing beneath the surface of the water. Nope. But you did hear the impact. Oh, right. Silence, yeah. 24. Okay! As you enter the tower-- Ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. You're up on the tower now. As you get to the top of the tower, you glance over and the column of green energy that was left behind when Colville vanished sits there, creating this beam. This central, circular area right there is infused with soft, sparkling, greenish energy. Just the center circle. There is a trap door over that. You back up against the wall. You currently have three-quarters cover in that space. Ending Percival's turn, Scanlan, you're up. Yes. So you're holding your Major Image of Scanlan out there right now. Grog, you saw enter the chamber and vanish into the doorway. Nope! Around this way? You peek around the tower there. Make a perception check, please. I would like you to make a perception check as well. You glance around. You can see, just on the top of the tower, shoulder against the area, the outer edge of Percival's form holding his gun up and taking cover right up on the side there. End of your turn, Scanlan? The flames burst from the braziers around the tower. The entire area incinerates around the outside. You're right, I marked that incorrectly. I forgot to mark that. You watch as the two separate towers give off a burst of lightning energy and do not affect anybody. Keyleth, you notice this. As you're inside the water, which is just regular water. As you're swimming through it, regular water. Not terribly deep, it's about three or four feet deep. You're flattening form as a water elemental to hide beneath the surface. You get the sense the water around you is starting to vibrate a little bit. There's a strange effervescence to it that wasn't there a moment ago. That's all. Grog, you're up. You rolled 27? You heard (footsteps). That's right. Nothing. The cloud dissipates. You said you want to sift through the rubble? Make an investigation check. You spend your action rummaging through the shattered remains of this. You find bits of the trap mechanism within there and you find a shattered glass vial with trace elements of a healing potion that has since been destroyed. You do! You get down there. You get a familiar weird medicinal, herbal flavor that is mingled with shards of glass that are gathering on the outskirts of your tongue. Make a perception check. You glance over and you can see in the water the slight, very different movement of the water. You can basically see a slight form in there. Only because you rolled really high. You used 25 of your movement, you still have 25 left. You've used your action. You have five feet more. Nah, you'd have to move next to it. You're on deck, Keyleth. All righty. That ends Vax's turn, Keyleth, you're up. Grog, as you're waiting on the side, you hear the ripple of water as you glance over. You watch this giant wave as Keyleth's elemental form emerges from the water. Out of the middle of it, this beam of energy. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You might have to be in melee? I'll double check, just to be safe. "Against spells cast within five feet of you." Poisoned just gives you disadvantage on ability checks and attacks. Correct. Yeah, you take half damage and you're not blinded. You take ten points of radiant damage. Blasted, it burns past your skin. It tickles a little. It's like a bad sunburn. They're small slits that you can see through, but that's it. That ends your turn. Percival. No. From where you're standing, you heard the blast. No, that's right! Silence spell, man. It's creepily quiet. You walk into the greenish energy. As you step into this field, your body feels warm. No sound. You just feel warm. As you go to pull for the door, it (clicks). I mean, you don't hear a sound, but it resists. Have you taken any damage? Okay, you sense as you're stepping in there, not immediately but the sensation is that similar to one of your allies were to cast a Cure Wounds on you, it has a sort of regenerative property to it, the longer you stand in it. It hasn't taken effect yet. Okay, so you go up into the very edge of that radius and just hold your weapon. Okay, that ends your turn. Scanlan, you're up. Peek around the corner, at this view, you do not have eyeline on Percival. You know he's up on the tower. You did, you heard thuds of impacts and a burst of energy, you saw like a bright light glow up over the distant sky for a moment. Reverse Gravity? Okay, on that spot. All right, your illusion fades, it's concentration. Bringing it back. 50-foot radius which would also affect Keyleth. Yep. All right so I need Keyleth and Percival to both make a dexterity saving throw. I need Keyleth to make a dexterity saving throw. 12? No. (counting) That's 50. This is going to be interesting. Keyleth, you suddenly go firing up into the sky. Percival, you watch as Keyleth spins up, slams into the top of the field, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. You take 29 points of force damage as you slam into the field, and then it thrusts you 15 feet away from it, and then you head back towards it. So it won't affect you this round, but you're currently being just bludgeoned repeatedly. Percival, your hair is standing up on end above you. You take a moment to try and right yourself and are now finding yourself having to fly upside down. Yeah, you're fine. It doesn't do anything to you, but it took you a moment to readjust. He doesn't hear it. That ends Scanlan's turn. It didn't affect anything because you were flying. You had to right yourself, but as soon as you started flying upward, you went, "Oh crap!" and you caught yourself. That brings us to Grog's turn at the top of the round. Keyleth and Scanlan, definitely not Percival. Grog, you notice this, too. Behind the entire chamber on each side, it suddenly fills and flashes with that purplish-blue energy. The energy travels through the center and all the water and surrounding also flashes once with that same purple-blue flash and then dissipates and returns to what it was before. You now notice that those rooms are connected to the water and whatever's in the water when that goes off-- No, that was the purple. Grog, you're up. You step onto the crystal circle. Make an intelligence check. It's hard to concentrate. It's really warm under your feet. No. It's pretty clear. But you're a few inches taller than you were a second ago because you're on the platform. That's cool. Yes, it opens up out to the water. Yes. You're watching her being-- 8d4 plus eight. Keyleth, you're up! What's your fly speed? Yeah, you can get to Percival. You could get to a lot of places from here. It's been nine rounds. You have one more round-- You also enter the healing column. I need you to roll a constitution saving throw, Percival. Halve that to 12. You take 12 points of radiant damage, Percival, and you shield your eyes just in time as the blast hits you from above to have it not affect your vision. You still have about 60 feet of movement if you want, Keyleth. Staying that far up. You can't fly quite that high up with this range because the ceiling is there. You do now! As you float over, you see the tiny little gnome, right there on the ground. End of your turn, Keyleth? That ends Keyleth's turn and we're going to go to a break because we're at a break point here. We'll come back here shortly to ensure that we continue this roundabout battle of care and delicacy. You have been. You've been doing good. You and Scanlan both have been doing pretty well. Grog's been going door-to-door salesman. You have not! We'll be back here in a few minutes after a quick break, guys. At the break, we have our Wyrmwood giveaway. The keyword for this one is "showdown." Put "showdown" in the chat room, one word, when you are prompted to be entered and we'll come back with the winner after the break. See you guys here in a few minutes. [break] There's been a lot of first bloods, just no consistent blood. You just find his equipment in the middle of the battlefield. Top of the round, Percival. First off, you heal 20 hit points as your turn begins inside the column of green light atop the tower. And it's your turn. Make an attack roll. Yeah, go ahead and roll damage. Okay. The lock splinters and the trapdoor falls open. Okay, as soon as you rush to the stairs you can see there's a bit of fog on the inside of the chamber. It fills the room and obscures a lot of the interior. So you move up onto the ceiling and you're now underneath, inside the chamber. You are, for the purposes of this, upside-down there. They do. You have 15 more movement if you want. You don't have quite enough movement to get there. You get just to the top of the stairway onto the ceiling. We'll put you there for the sake of keeping track of it. Yeah, the fog kind of dissipates below. Well, to look down the stairs you'd have to get-- Well, you're in the fog still but I mean, it dissipates down the stairs. The whole chamber's still filled with fog. Okay. Boop. All righty. That ends Percival's turn. Scanlan, you're up. You have an air elemental swirling 80 feet above you. Keyleth, you hear his cry into the earring and watch as, in a flash of vibrant pink-purple energy, he steps through a small, magic-made doorway and vanishes from your sight. That ends Scanlan's turn. That brings us to Grog. Sorry. Top of the round, now the exterior of the tower bursts into flames. Fire climbs up and incinerates the island around the central tower, to no effect currently. Grog, your turn. Ten, 15. You're now inside. 50. You're about knee-deep in the water. Go for it. Well, make the athletics check. 17, yeah. You just crest onto the edge. Your ankle's kind of at the edge of the water. That's it. You may. Just as you get to the edge of that, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. So Grog, as you go-- For the purposes of this here, that puts it about fair. Grog, you go flying up into the sky, past the edge of the tower, slamming into the ceiling over the battlefield. I need you to make a constitution saving throw. 31, you succeed. So you take what would've been 21 points of force damage, reduced to ten. And you do not bounce off to return-- you manage to stop yourself, but you're still about to be forced back into it. You don't get pushed off, but the gravity's still pushing you into it. So each round you're up there, you're going to keep taking this damage. All righty. That finishes Grog's turn. All right. Mr. Stealthy Pants? Here's the thing, and I'm being fair in this circumstance. Keyleth and Grog, out of the corner of your eye, you see a dash of black, winged movement as, darting from the edge of this tower, you see something out the side of this tower, like climbing on the outside, dart and then vanish in that direction. You want to fight me on this? Early bird gets an early grave. All righty. That brings us to-- Keyleth. Yeah, right now-- You didn't bounce off but now you're slammed into it and being slowly pushed into it, like (static crackling). From this wall to behind where the edge of this building, and then vanish. Correct. That would've been-- oh god. Knocked you over. Actually, as far as you can get is there. You do not. There's the open door to the building and there's the circular thing over there but that's all you can see. Keyleth? Where do you want to move? Yeah, so you'd be about, let's say-- Yeah, you saw her coast over and downward. So there you go. That's your turn. All right, Percival, you're up. Okay. The fog has now begun to dissipate from the entire chamber. You might be right. I was just guessing. Oh yeah, then never mind. It dissipates because you step out of it. Heading down, there's no furniture, just the stairway. It looks like the interior of this has been either unfurnished or cleared out. It's just a series of empty stairs that lead up and down the tower. Okay. That's your whole turn? Finishing Percy's turn, Scanlan. Yeah, you see Grog up there bouncing. Right now, no, but if you were to look around. Okay, so you move five feet, glance over, and you see Grog currently being jammed up into the ceiling. Just slowly build it back up. Well, technically she can. You can get 25 feet. You see her floating. After Keyleth tells you that, she's over here, moving down this way. That's all you know. One's in-game, one's out-of-game. You get that far, less than that, even. You can get about there. Tiny gnomish legs. Beginning of Grog's turn, you watch the lightning towers spark and then fire off radius. Nobody's there. Grog, you're up. Make another constitution saving throw, please. You succeed. So you take 12 points of force damage. Yes. Go for it. You've got the immovable rod out and you're clutching it. So you're holding your action on it? Are you holding your attack or-- You're on deck, Keyleth. Keyleth, you're up. From where you currently stand, no. Grog, make a constitution saving throw, please. 18, that's a failure. So full damage of Blight on Grog. I multi-raced a little since I leveled up. Someone please draw that. Wait, how much damage was it? Oh, 49. Sorry, minus 16. So it'd be 33. Keyleth, he screams out in pain as he's being pushed into the ceiling. His veins bulge with black energy as the Blight takes hold. You're about 50 feet of movement left. There you are. Ending Keyleth's turn, Percy, you're up. 30, if you wanted to get there. I don't know, are you? You don't know. You didn't see. Make a dex roll. No. Indomitable? Indomitable you mean, right? Yeah. Percival, you go firing up into the ceiling as you attempt to make your way across the river. Technically, you're one higher than that, but that's fine. Make a constitution saving throw as you get thrust up. That's a success. You suffer 21 halved to ten points of force damage. You and Grog are now within visual range of each other, being pushed into the force field ceiling. You can certainly try. You do. That's a constitution saving throw. 16 succeeds. It's a DC ten. It is. What are you going to do? As your feet touch the surface, they find some purchase. It's like walking on a water bed. They seem to be holding somewhat, but that's the full of your movement. Scanlan, it's your turn. You can cast it at a higher level, it just-- You could sacrifice a higher-level spell slot to cast a level two Healing Word as a bonus action. But you'd lose a higher-level spell slot with only getting the bonuses of a level two spell. That I'll allow. What level do you use? So that's your turn? You see Keyleth over here. Both Grog and Percival being held against the forcefield. Percival seems to have righted himself and his feet are actually affixed to the field and now is walking, trying to move across it. Okay. And with that, the gravity subsides. No, you are held aloft. Grog, however, plummets to the ground for 80 feet. As a reaction, you do. Where do you hit the rod? At what height? 20 feet above the ground. Grog, make a strength check. I'm working on it. Don't worry. 27, yeah. You manage to hold tight. Your muscles strain from the falling impact of catching yourself there. Essentially, yeah. You suffer one point of damage. Rolled a one on that one. From just muscle strain. No, it is. The muscle kind of pops out of the socket and you wrench it back in with the sheer force of your shoulder and back muscles. All right, Scanlan. That's your turn? All right. That brings us to Grog. First and foremost, you watch as the rooms flash with purple energy. The water lights up for a second, suffused with some sort of magical flash and then comes back to rest. Grog, it's your turn. Okay. You fall to the ground, taking eight points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four. You see Keyleth up there. That's it. Percival, you know, is up there. On this side, the tower? Yeah, there's an opening on each side, or each corner, yeah. You can. You go inside? All right. So that's your action? So you get inside there. You are now at the center of the tower. I'll put you down there just because you're big for the tower size. All right, ending Grog's turn. Vax. Technically you can't do that. Not as that type of action. So you're not doing the first thing? Not as a hasted action. You can't hold a hasted action. Okay. The first thing you said? Okay. Scanlan, Keyleth. You watch as this chamber over here, billowing fog emerges from this chamber over here. The entire outside of this room is now completely surrounded in fog. Yeah, but you can't hold a hasted action. That fog cloud's out. The fog cloud's there. Keyleth, it's your turn. You just watched this fog billow out from the open doorway and surround-- The door is open. Yeah, the door is shattered by Grog, so you went in the chamber and fog cloud fills and encompasses the surrounding area. Okay, how far over? That's 50 feet there. Okay. All around it. So you hear this and time slows for a second. Over the earring. As you hear this small whine, this (high-pitched whine) (explosion) And it's nothing but bright light and flames around you. It completely engulfs the chamber you're in and around it. You guys watch and, I'll say this, I'm going to say it burns off the fog cloud. Inside the building, all around it. So I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. Dexterity saving throw. All right. You've managed to dive behind where the chest was open from Grog earlier, jump into the chest, and slam it closed, just as the flames engulf the interior, burning the outside of the-- He's a little man. As it burns the exterior of the chest, you manage to avoid all damage from the spell. He has evasion as a rogue. If he succeeds a dexterity saving throw, he takes no damage. Yep. As the firestorm dissipates, that chest is destroyed. You kick off the smoking bits of it. Keyleth, you're going to stay where you are? Keyleth, with the rest of your movement and descending, actually you'd probably get about there. As you've seen Vax through the entirety of your gameplay, you'd know that if he has to make a dexterity saving throw, if he fails, he takes half damage. If he succeeds, he takes none. Or he can use his reaction to take half damage from a melee. Or any attack. Oh, yeah, from any melee. Level 20 rogue. Playing this for five years. Still don't know how Uncanny Dodge works. "When an "attacker you can see hits you with an attack." As long as you can see them, you can reduce it by half. That was the other ability. Evasion is the one that he used. Yeah, evasion's every time. You're good. All right, so that finishes Keyleth's turn. You managed to dodge out of Percival's view. Percy, you're up. Top of the round I need you to make a constitution saving throw, because even though you're standing on the ceiling, you're still against the force. 19 will succeed, yeah, because it's an 18. All right, so. All right, so you suffer the 11 points of force damage, reduced to five. Five points of force damage and you are not jettisoned off the force field. So it's considered rough terrain for you to move across. Okay, it's rough terrain, so-- 15, you're just-- Okay, so you're going to leap and release the boots? Make an acrobatics check, please. As you go and try and leap for it-- 23? All right, so you reduce the damage you take from the leap. It would've been 18 points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to nine. Nine points of bludgeoning damage. Correct. Well, first from the-- You have to make it twice. And another one for the impact. One was for the force field and one was for the fall. Yeah, you're fine. No, your movement dropped you outside of the circle. You have no more movement. Oh, if you use your action for a dash? Then you can get there, yeah. Well the trapdoor you blew open, so it's currently open. So you stand right at the edge of it. Okay, ending Percival's turn. Scanlan, you're up. You see Keyleth floating there. You see the flames burst around this interior, the fog cloud dissipates. Okay. How many? You kick off the broken chest. Right as you right yourself, a beam of red light goes into the room, explodes a second time. Make a dexterity save with a DC of-- Yeah, so no damage. You're like, "Oh god!" You leap out of the way and as you pull your cloak up and the cloak burns and singes on the outside, but you manage to avoid the damage as you flatten up against the wall. Unfortunately, that's exactly the kind of thing that rogues are really good at avoiding. They're an up-close or lock-down type scenario or they're going to be jumping around all your booms. Scanlan, that's your action. They'll give you advantage on climbing checks. That's your turn. Grog. Top of your turn. The braziers on the sides of the tower burst into flame, incinerating all the space around, which affects Keyleth, who is hiding behind the side of the tower. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Because the water glowed last time. Nope. That is 30 points of fire damage to you. As the flames subside, your wind form is burned a bit. Grog, you're up. I don't know. You hear the wind whipping around outside, but you don't see anything. You look up immediately and see Keyleth floating there in elemental form after the flames subside. You can. She's 20 feet up in the air, though. You glance up and she's 20 feet up. Sure. Make an athletics check. Yeah, you're able to get up to about her height. You're technically base-to-base with her against the side of the tower. Make a grapple check. I know, but I want him to roll it. Grog, you fall through and land on the ground prone and partially in the water. You suffer eight points of bludgeoning damage, reduced to four. You also notice the field that surrounds the chambers shifts in a bit. Scanlan, make a constitution saving throw. You watch as it all closes in by five feet. You take 11 points of force damage and you are not forced out of the way. However, you are up against it being pushed against the wall, you have to squeeze out of it. You can see it slowly condensing itself. As it does, you glance up at the sky and see this grinning, mysterious visage made of cloud swirling energy. A grinning beard. That's the end of Grog's turn. Vax, you're up. You saw him disappear somewhere down below there. As far as you know, as a marker, somewhere in that area you saw Vax vanish. Keyleth, your turn. I'm confused by that image. Keyleth, what're you doing? You slowly descend, swirling wind arms. The wind form shifts out and Keyleth descends, landing right down with you. What's the saving throw on that? No, but what's the saving throw? Grog, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw. Where are you shifting him to? Grog, as Keyleth embraces you, there's a shifting of energy. There's a flash as you see the Divine Gate coast past you. Suddenly, you're in the dark depths of a familiar ocean. You're holding your breath. You know with your constitution, you can hold your breath for a decent amount of time. As you glance down into the darkness of the shadow below you, you see movement as a series of long, familiar tentacles begin to emerge from the shadows below. You think, "Let's "make this a final, glorious way to go." I don't know, do you? You slowly clam up as you sink down as the kraken takes you into its maw and swallows you. First one down. You have, in this form, 15 feet. Correct. Yeah. Is it a bonus action to drop form? I'll double-check. Yep, it's a bonus action to revert, so you have to be in Keyleth form. You have 15 feet of movement. What's your strength? What's your strength score? Your strength score. That's the distance you can jump in feet is your strength score. So triple that, you can jump pretty far. No, that would be part of your movement. Okay. Finishing Keyleth's turn, Percival, you're up. You heal 20 hit points. Make a perception check. She's not hiding, so you do see the very edge of her. He has an eyeline to the very edge of you. That's as far as you can get with your movement. She has three-quarters cover. You're eyeballing maybe about 45, 50 feet. It does. Make a ranged attack roll. All right. Keyleth, as you're ducking around, you hear this faint shout in the distance of-- No! As the band expands and wraps around Keyleth's body, you watch as she quickly slips out of the bindings and the chains fall to the ground before reverting back to a sphere. That would have been bad. Yeah, you did. You're staying there and crouching low. Ending Percival's turn, Scanlan, you're up. You can see Keyleth from around. You pull out of that side there. Dash? That's your movement there. She's about 35, 40 feet. More than 30, correct. Yeah. 35 feet, yeah. Sorry, Grog. Dominate Person for Keyleth. Okay, you need to make a wisdom saving throw. You have advantage because you are a half-elf, so you have advantage against charm effects. Sorry, Scanlan, she resists the spell. That finishes your turn. The field shimmies and crunches even closer. You watch as this distant building begins to collapse inward. That door's destroyed. LIAM and Two squares in all around. Vax. You watch as you suddenly turn and look up into the sky as you see, giant wings unfolded, Vax points down at you and with a giant earth-shattering caw in the sky of a raven cry, you feel this mark penetrate your chest, as he marks you with his Vow of Enmity. You are about 60 feet here. Correct. Total of 28 on that one? I'm sorry. What? You moved over, used your paladin action to attack twice-- Are you moving somewhere with one of your actions? Is what I'm asking. No, I know. I need clarification because they need to know where you ran off to. They still see you. You're still out in the open. I'm so excited for the new campaign. This is my own fault. Your movement is 120 feet, which got you to there, right. Do it. Text me where you are. It's correct! You're completely correct! You are completely correct. No, don't get shit for it. You're doing your job. It's just a process to work out for the scenario of this type of event. All righty, ending Vax's turn, Keyleth, you're up. You got shanked twice with two daggers after the Vow of Enmity and watched your Vax vanish off somewhere in-- which direction? You watched him vanish that way right behind the tower. What are you doing, Keyleth? Percy, you're on deck. Plane Shift? I don't believe it is. It just happens. Banishment is concentration, that's probably what you were thinking of. Keyleth, you're fine. What you got? Yeah. This whole time you see Scanlan running up to you and telling you all this. Feeblemind is an 8th-level spell. Go ahead and roll-- (laugh) Okay, hold on. She did move up to peek, she said. Wait, 60-foot range for Counterspell, right? I'm pretty sure it is. Yeah I know, doesn't matter either way. All right, for you it's a Counterspell. Yeah, you should've moved. It's all good. I need you to make an ability check using your spellcasting ability, so a charisma check. The DC equals ten plus level of the spell. You have to roll a check and add your charisma bonus. 19. You need to beat 18 DC because it's an 8th-level spell you said? He needs to beat an 18. Counterspelled Feeblemind. So as she goes to cast Feeblemind you recognize the incantation from when she used it on Raishan and you go-- As the Feeblemind fades-- What's the movement of your elemental again? (counting) That's as far as you can get right there. What's that? You want to go around and look? Last turn when the fields shattered, it did cause the lighting to go off. I forgot to mention that. Yes. Last round both of you were out of range so I didn't mention it. I forgot about it in the process, I was focusing on the field. Yes. Possibly. So are you staying in the water? I'll put you there. At the end of Scanlan's turn-- Sorry, Keyleth. You watch as the water and the two chambers flash and the chamber crushes even further. This is partially destroyed. And now you're seeing-- we're using this as a marker-- it's starting to accelerate the destruction in the interior. Pushing this in here. Using that as a mark. That falls back to this partially destroyed there. I know. All righty. Vax, sorry, Percival. I'm confused. The field should happen later this round, but we'll get to it. Okay. Ending Percival's turn, Scanlan, your turn. Keyleth, I need you to make an intelligence saving throw. Whatever your intelligence saving throw is. That's right, because it's Wild Shape you keep your mental stats. So roll 4d6 psychic damage. So you take 11 points of psychic damage, Keyleth. Your intelligence and charisma scores become one. You cannot cast spells, activate magic items, understand language or communicate in any intelligible way. That's a swing cast right there. Yeah. Wild Shape is not casting a spell, it's an ability. She can still Wild Shape. It's not a frenzy. Scanlan. We'll say you got that far. Do you move in there? We'll put you there. It's my fault for moving you. That finishes Scanlan's turn. Now the field crushes in where it should've before. That was my fault for doing it out of turn. Also, the flames burst around the chamber. Percival, where are you right now? You duck out of the way as the flames-- That brings us to Vax's turn. My phone's starting to get low on battery. Okay. Yes. Percival, what's your armor class? Steps and is throwing daggers from the trap door. He's inside the tower and rushed up. You do. After his first attack. It's his reaction. He hits as soon as your first attack hits. 38 points of piercing damage to you. Technically, no. You'd finish your action, which is your attack action, and then he does all of his. Eight points of piercing damage. Constitution saving throw. Yeah, you're fine. As you throw both daggers, you watch as Percival spins around with-- which weapon? With Animus and goes for his four attacks. Yeah, you were holding your action. You can spend any grit you've got. He doesn't have that. Remember, Kerr took away his cloak a long time ago. No. You roll a d20 and choose whether. So the first attack misses. He gets to choose whether you take his roll or yours. He rolled a two. So you take 11. You spending another grit? On your turn is how it happens. Double check for you, but I'm pretty sure. On your turn. Thunderwave is an action, it's not an attack. That ends your reaction. That ends your attacks. You can take the rest of your turn. You can feel the warmth around you, but it's not doing anything immediately. You have to start your turn there. Go for it. 25 succeeds on the first one. Roll again for the second one. You still maintain it. That finishes Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. No, you do not see Vax at all. You're right over. No, it's your own check. You can Cutting Words to reduce the damage if you'd like to. You do. You have about 30 feet of movement left. Probably about 20, since you did use some of your movement to get into the water. It's a different effect, unfortunately. Let me see here. Yeah, you are restrained and unable to breathe. Yeah, because you're whelmed and he's a tiny gnome, yeah. So you pull him into the water. So you're in her space currently, inside Keyleth's elemental form, unable to get out and pulled under the water. Keyleth, does that end your turn? Percival. I'm checking. You get the sense that he is not just beyond that door. All right, that ends your turn, Percival? No, because you started your turn out of it. The green has to be inside the center circle. Go for it. Scanlan, you're up. You have to start your turn in the beam in order to get the effect. We said previously that you can still cast underwater. We previously established in the kraken battle that you guys were able to cast spells underwater. That continues here. Which room? Okay. Inside the room? Okay, there we go. All right. At the end of your turn, the field crushes in further. It's now moving faster and faster, moving ten feet at a time. Well no, the lightning towers would go off, but they do not because they have been slowly crushed and destroyed, eaten by the field. Okay. Keyleth, your turn. The numbers are getting down and half the party's just staying in place, doing nothing, so your turn. Currently, no. You are alone on the battlefield. Go ahead and roll an attack against the tower. Yes, you do. 14 hits. It's an easy-to-hit tower. Go ahead and roll damage. You get two slam attacks? Okay. So Percival, you feel this impact on the tower. What's going on? (impact) As the back half of it begins to crumble and collapse backwards. No. This all begins to fall and crumble. Oh man, this is going to be interesting. We'll say for the purposes of this, I'll turn it this way. Yeah, it's all falling apart at this point, which works fine. Yeah, this is all just falling down. There is a little bit of this that's still hanging on there. Large portion of the tower is collapsed and is unusable. Percival, you crumble and slide off and fall into the ground. I know. You're attaching to it as it falls so go ahead-- Are you just staying onto it? All right. So you do not make an acrobatics check and it crumbles beneath you. The rocks begin to grind and tear into you as you fall in with it. Not if you're adhering to it and it collapses inward. Okay. It's falling back and then crumbling inwards. Make an acrobatics check. You were for a moment, and then it all collapsed. 28? Okay, yeah. So you manage to only suffer four points of bludgeoning damage and you land, not prone, as you ride it down and are standing there on the side, with an angry earth elemental now slamming into the sides of it. Okay. Keyleth, you do suffer 22 points of bludgeoning damage from the tower pieces collapsing down upon and around you. Reduced by half, because you're an earth elemental. Nope. Nope. Actually, yeah, you would see Scanlan. Yeah. Well, he rode it down to the ground and made an acrobatics check to stop, and you're not hidden. A misfire? The first shot's a misfire. Scanlan, don't give up yet. Okay, so you swap out to Retort. Second attack. He goes to fire, (fizzling). Pulls the second gun, (misfire). This is Bad News? 19. Scanlan, what's your AC? I think the target of the attack has to be the target of the Cutting Words. Because yeah, it reduces the damage because you fuck with them. You know what? "Use your wit to confuse-- a creature that you can see within 60 feet of you "makes an attack roll." I'll let you do it. So before you put the damage down, go ahead and roll. We'll see. It's a d12. d12, man. Yeah, so take the damage. The shot blasts into your shoulder. You see the blood erupt from you. You've been hit by this before. Percival, that ends your turn? Scanlan. Right, because Keyleth brought it down. Right, because you were waiting-- Right. Okay. So that brings us to the top of the round. Percy, it's your turn. Well, he held his action to attack as soon as he saw somebody, and he saw you and Keyleth. He attacked you. Four attacks. A 20th-level fighter, it's their thing. All right, so that's your action. Okay. So you fixed which one? Animus? Okay. That hits. Next attack? Second? Hits. Roll damage. It hasn't come back to your turn. Scanlan goes unconscious with that second hit. It's water and you're walking through water right now. So you could stay up, over here. I mean, she can see you. You're not hiding from her. She's this giant behemoth. You're out of movement right there. That's as far as you will get. And she can sense it. She feels the footfalls. Okay. He's prone, technically, so you have disadvantage on the attack. Scanlan, I need you to make a death saving throw, please. All right, so that's one success. Keep that in mind. All right. The fields (crushing). Another ten feet. I'm using this to mark how deep in it's getting now. So we'll say there. Also, the water, which is now filled with bits of broken stone, however still sets off. That brings us to your turn. Well, you were hidden until you attacked, which revealed you there. It is, but once you hit him, he sees you. This is just for placement. I want to put you on the field once or twice this battle! Unfortunately, all the big spellcasters are either down or can't cast spells. Did you bamf to her as well? That ends your turn. Keyleth, you're up. You can feel him, yes. Keyleth, top of your turn. You feel two footfalls very gently in the rubble on the other side of the tower. If you'd like to. What's your movement here? Yeah. You, moving 50 feet, through the rubble, since you can move through small spaces, right? If you want to do water elemental, you can. Okay. Fire elemental. You (counting). Vax. You were hiding up in the rubble. You sent me two pictures. She knows exactly where you are and as a fire elemental, she can dodge between cracks. As you're sitting there hiding, there's a bright light and there's a slight crevasse between the rocks as a flaming burst of fire elemental Keyleth emerges to assault you. What're you doing? She swipes with one fire claw, you barely dodge out of the way. A second one hits the stone behind you as you duck low. It took you most of your movement to get there. You have five feet of movement. I'll allow it. With the rubble and everything in here... Ending Keyleth's turn, Percival, you're up. Okay. (counting) What's your strength? You jump and land. You're up to your chest in water. You're going to use an action to dash? Maybe five more feet. You can get to there. That's your turn? Scanlan. Death saving throw. You're fine. That's two successes. The field crushes in further. Slowly pushing in. At this point, by the way, so you're aware, Percival. You have a little bit, this whole chamber. Let me use this to mark it here. That's where it's closing in. Closer and closer. Vax, your turn. It just went. That was Percival. No, they go after Scanlan's turn, now, the field. You're right. Thank you for the reminder. Valid point. The area around the tower ignites in flame. You're immune to fire, Keyleth. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. That's a success. You take no damage because of evasion. Your turn. Slight gap in the wall. 40 points of piercing damage to you. Ending Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Yes. You felt a little (clicking). You turn into a water elemental. I have to wait to find out. Never mind. You felt no (clicking). Instead, he just disappeared from sight. You saw him go this direction, but you have no idea where he is. Do you want to remain fire elemental? Sure. I'll let you step up over rough terrain. Dashing through. You don't see anything. Percival. The first attack. Roll an attack with advantage because he's on the ground. Only against ranged attacks. That hits. It's an auto-crit. You fail two death saving throws. And with that, you shank Scanlan. Scanlan bleeds out. Over where? The wall's up against there. You already used your action. Oh. Action surge first. You hold your action in case you see anything. End of Percival's turn. The water bursts with magical energy. No, it was fire last time, so now it's lightning. Blue things are gone, nothing happens. Also, it crushes in once more. Bringing us to there. Currently, the walls have crushed in. One. Okay. So, couple things. One, roll 1d10 fire damage, Marisha, by the way. Technically twice, since you didn't do it last turn, right? It's an action to put it out. So, nine fire damage, and then roll again. And then you fail your constitution saving throw as the wall slams into you, pushing you back. Oof. You take 28 points of force damage, and you are thrown, prone onto the ground right there. That ends that turn. Vax, your turn. Half your movement. Also Vax-- The boots are off. Correct. Yeah, you can barely see her. You just barely have her in range. Percy. You watch as he glides in the air-- Everybody hates each other! She's been Feebleminded! Don't play Woe is Me! He got Plane Shifted, he got shanked by Percival! You're doing all right! Correct. That would be 17. Next attack? 26 points of piercing damage. Nope. Not your turn. So your last attack is to reload. Okay, so now you land there, and can make your attacks on him. Yep. That was his reaction. I had these minions at the ready, just in case! I know. Pit fiend on a full melee round against a single target can do an average of 115 hit points of damage and lock down healing. You've used all your movement. Keyleth, your turn. A leap there would be 20 feet of movement. Marisha, technically your mantle isn't on you right now because you're in elemental form. Absorbs into your form. But you're not getting your ring of protection bonus, you're not getting your other elements that you have in physical form. They stay within you so when you transform back, the effects return, but you don't get the Jump ability. What's the strength of this guy? Oh yeah. Water elemental there. I'll say half your movement to get into the water, the jump. Turn into a water elemental. Half of your swim speed. (counting) You're just in melee range with him. Do you have to move into his space for whelm? He's unfortunately just out. You're just out of range for being whelmed, so that's good. Roll damage. You take eight points of bludgeoning damage from the water. That brings us to Percival. This is your action. Right there? Just so you know, the force field is right there. (counting) Right there. Now, the energy fields burst with purple energy. Actually, they don't! They've been destroyed by the fields, so they do not have an effect any more. Which saves you because that would have knocked out your form. However, the fields move in further, completely destroying this here. This all goes away. Just the edge of the water now. We're in on this area now. Vax, it's your turn. 58 damage to your water elemental. Magical dagger attacks, so you do not resist. You can't see Percival. You disengaged from her. All right. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Technically, on that side, there is no water there. This is all gone. This has all been eaten away. You'd have to get up onto the land there. You can move partially. That's as far as you can right there. Nope. With a 30 feet speed for an earth elemental, right? That's as close as you can get. That's your turn? You still have an action. You can use your action to dash towards him if you wanted to. The field's up against there, so technically he had to fly around and land. Yep! Yeah. Sure, you can do that. I know, my apologies. You can just get up to where he is. Yeah. You should have taken damage last turn. As you land-- He's smoldering on the ground. You go over to where Vax is, and he's just burning. His unconscious body is burning. You look over and see on the field that's pushing forward, there's a Scanlan corpse being rolled as it shoves him closer onto the battlefield. The water's over here. We'll put you there. Percy, your turn. The corpse? Yeah, you can. Go for it. Nah, he's got constitution for days. He's got five more minutes on this shit. Melee, you have advantage to attack him. His body incinerates. Yeah, each time. Hit him twice. So Vax's body burns away. Oh, that was just the first hit? I thought you hit him with both. Both attacks. You're incinerated. Yeah. Not four? It is magical because you're shooting with Animus. That hits. Plus d6 necrotic. So 13. 14 points of damage. I know, there's fire there. You get there. End of Percy's turn. The field crushes in even further, which unfortunately does hit you, Keyleth. You get pushed in. Make a constitution saving throw. 20, okay. You do succeed. So you take, wow that's a good roll. Six, six, six, six, five, two, four. No, against you. 29 divided, so that's 14 points of force damage. You're now being crushed into the rubble and pushed up the top of it. She's jamming pretty hard into that wall. That is the field's turn over. It's Keyleth's turn. You're up. It's crushing you guys inward. The torch unfortunately could not because the territory that it would be on-- I mean, the torch goes off, I would say, but you're immune to fire and Percival's out of the way, and only part of it is currently available. It's crushing it very tight. So it's your turn, Keyleth. Okay. You won't get to him with your movement, unfortunately, because there's a lot of rubble in the way. You do, but your movement-- You can't jump more than you can move when you don't have the cloak on. He's about 15 feet from you. All right. Percival, you're up. Here? You get the sense that, on this side, it will, but not on this side-- End of Percival's turn, it crushes in again. Now keeping tabs on where it lies. There is the edge. There, and then on this side, it's right up against you, Percival. Keyleth, your turn. Yeah. You can get up on top there and bash downward, essentially. Yeah, him and Grog have been thrown into it a few times earlier. Yeah, if you want to grapple with the first attack. All right, I need you both to make athletics checks, please. So the first attack, she reaches down and grabs you. Now, the giant elemental form has wrapped its fingers around your shoulders and torso. You're unable to move from the spot. Your movement is zero. Hm? Your next attack, you attack him. You don't get advantage. Nope, so you're held there in space. Percival. Thunderwave from which one? That's true. All righty. So go ahead and make, what's the saving throw on that? DC 16 constitution. Go ahead and make a constitution saving throw, Keyleth. And she gets pushed, or does she not get pushed? Okay, so still grappled. Right, so 14. End of your turn, Percival? Actually, you could have, but you spent it to cast Thunderwave. It would've if she had failed the save. Technically you do, yeah. Percival, top of your turn. This side stops closing in. This side does. Percy, you are now being smashed between the wall of the tower and the field as she's holding you in space. I need you both to make constitution saving throws as you're having to hold him there to keep him in space. But you have advantage because you're pulling away, I'll say. All right, So you fail. You do get pushed back 15 feet and you take, oh man. All right. That's a good roll. No, because it breaks the grapple because it pushes you back. So that's 30 points of force damage to you, Keyleth. 15 to you. However, you are currently restrained as you are being held against the wall and the force field. You're pushed back. He's being sandwiched between the stone wall and the force field, like (crackling). We're talking like Tetsuo-crush. All right. No, now it's Keyleth's turn. All right, so go ahead and make an attack. Against the wall. Okay. I won't have you roll damage because it's siege, but what you do is each one of these shoves forces him into the wall. So I need you to make two constitution saving throws. Both succeed. So that's 27 points of force damage, reduced to 13. That's a shitty roll. Ten points of force damage, reduced to five. I mean, he's taking the damage because he's being sandwiched. You have to change to a different form. Okay. Percival, your turn. Top of your turn, make a constitution saving throw. That is 19 points of force damage, reduced to nine. Right, so you're trying to escape from the restraint? All right, make an athletics check. Athletics or acrobatics, I believe. Let me double check real fast. Well no, it's not breaking from a grapple necessarily. It's from being pinned. This isn't weaseling out of it. This is pure force, so this would be athletics. No, the window, it's a slit. It's like that wide and your back is pressed against it. All right, so you're still restrained. Currently, no. She's behind the wall, pushing you into it. All right. At the end of that, the field pushes in once more. Well no, it's pushing against that. It's not pushing further, sorry, because they're both stopped. They're now holding that space. So you don't take damage again. It doesn't force you. But you're still pinned. Keyleth, your turn. What is best in life? Pushing him into the wall again? Okay. You're essentially just pushing against the wall. It'll shove, yeah. It's essentially a ten or lower. No damage on this. You're just pushing the wall, so the force against him. So make a constitution saving throw, Percival. We'll find out. Roll a second attack. Ten and 12. All right. You take, first, 24 points of force damage. 24 points of force damage. Keyleth, I need you to make a strength check, please. Or a strength saving throw. Correct. So as it pushes back, you manage to keep it back and then shove him back into it. And then, oh my god. That is 25 points of force damage to you, Percival. And Keyleth, make another strength saving throw as the section of wall that you've pushed in, that's loose and you're shoving him with, is being shoved backward. You've managed to hold it in place. Still restrained, you're slowly sandwiching him. Making a Percival sandwich. Percy, your turn. Make another constitution saving throw. MARISHA and 25, okay. So you take 13 points of force damage. Keyleth, your turn. Ten total? Just barely. Roll two constitution saving throws, Percival. First one succeeds. You take 11 points of force damage. Second push, you feel Percival begin to pop and squish against the outer field. And for the purposes of this, one more round of shoving and, with a (squish), Percival-jelly begins to ooze out from behind the wall in which you shove him against the force. While you were technically healing 20 points every round underneath the green beam-- The field dissipates. The rubble begins to separate and float in space. The ruined corpses of all your allies then float aloft around you and are slowly re-stitched back to life. Grog appears, pulled back from the water dimension, from the depths of the drowning. And you see the bearded patron descend from above. As he pats you on the head and goes-- "Good job!" (laughter) Level 20 druids, man. Yep. It's funny, I was like, okay, once they start getting into the high-level spells this is really going to turn-- And then Feeblemind. All right, this is going to be a drag-out brawl to the very end. That deprives you of all the senses, eventually. Well done, guys. Congratulations, Keyleth.