Hello, everyone, and welcome to tonight's pseudo, not-really episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of nerdy voice actors sit around here and tonight, maybe play a little bit of Dungeons & Dragons. My name is Matthew Mercer and unfortunately, we have a number of members who were sick after our convention appearances this last weekend, who couldn't make the game tonight due to unfortunate circumstances. So with the amount of people who couldn't make it, we decided to instead not play this week and instead, do a live Q&A with the questions in the chat room and as well as questions that were put on Reddit, so we'll get to those there in just a moment. And then, when that's over, as decided recently, I'm going to have a fun battle royale. I made a small arena and the latter half of today's episode is going to be Grog versus Keyleth versus Zahra versus Kashaw free-for-all. See who stands winning at the end of this show. I cannot wait! So that will be the second half of the show after we take our midway break. Before that happens, let's do a quick round of announcements. First and foremost, I wanted to say thank you to our Critters and fans that came out to Wizard World Portland this past weekend. We had an incredible turnout. Wizard World was very happy and we're looking to possibly be doing more of those in the near future. So we'll be able to see other parts of the US, meet more of you guys we didn't have the chance to that weekend. It's wonderful to meet all of you, both at the con and at Guardian Games out there. It was a great game store. We got to hang out with a bunch of you in person. But thank you so much for coming out and visiting. We really appreciate it. Also today, I put up on the Dungeons Masters Guild site, dmsguild.com, a new order for the blood hunter class. It's called Order of the Lycan. Which I mentioned a little bit at Wizard World, but it's essentially a blood hunter order that involves, as part of a ritual called the Taming, they accept the lycanthropic curse and through training and honing their willpower and the blood magic that is part of blood hunters' training, they can control the curse of lycanthropy to a certain extent to prevent themselves from going berserk, but still reap the benefits as they transform into whatever were-creature they choose-- I mean, there's were-tigers, were-rat. So you decide which strain you're infected with. No, you're locked to the strain of lycanthropy you are, unless you get uncursed and you get another strain. No, you're like, big ass nasty-- --Warhammer Skaven style. It's pretty rad. Yeah, bigger than that. But yeah, it's on the DMs Guild site. It's free. Go check it out, see if it's something you guys want. Check it out. It's good. Also, another announcement I want to make real fast, I'm saying this because I've gotten 15 to 20 tweets a day about it, for the Earthbreaker Groon fight last week, it was intentional that the Quivering Palm ability was held back. He was testing individuals in the battle, not trying to go lethal or kill. It was more of a tease for the actual ability. God forbid they ever come across a not quite as helpful or restrained monk in the future. But I'm well aware. It was intentional. I should've made it more clear that he was holding back in the moment and I apologize for the confusion it caused. Yeah. Yeah. I'm just trying to quell it now, because it's been perpetual and I'm like, I know. It's all good. It was a good fight. I love me some monks, man. It was so great to bring a monk in there and more hopefully to come, because there are those in the world that are trained for different sets. Yeah. House rules, rules are fluid, you have a good time. But don't worry about it. I know that you guys want to see it come out in all its full glory and that may still happen in the future. We shall see. I mean, you could multiclass. The quivering snarf? That's a great romance novel descriptor. As he lies there, his quivering snarf in the moonlight-- All right. So that I think is all my announcements. You guys have anything else you want to talk about before we jump into the Q&A? Fantastic! Go check him out there. And me and Marisha-- We leave next week. We'll be gone from the 2nd to the 9th in Ireland. We'll be at a convention at Kaizoku Con in Cork, Ireland which-- Kaizoku Con in Cork, Ireland, Kaizoku Con in Cork, Ireland, Kaizuku Con in Cork-- no. (screaming) That's a problem. But yeah, so there will not be an episode next week because we'll be gone but we'll be returning to the next proper session which will also have the return of Will and Mary as well to finish off that arc on March 10th, I believe? So we'll be doing that. Anything else? You good? Oh, that's right. And we'll be giving away two copies of these books throughout tonight. Brandon Sanderson's The Bands of Mourning. That is not me on the cover as the Internet likes to perpetually point out. Yeah. Thank you, Brandon Sanderson for bringing us our main artist on Critical Role! So yeah, we'll be giving these out throughout the show tonight-- Do it. They can. You can certainly try. I'm not either, but I've worn before. It's for everybody. Yeah, Marisha. All right. So that being the case, the first half of this evening is going to be a general Q&A, guys. We're going to be poring through the Reddit, we're going to be trying to keep up with the chat room to answer what questions we can, so feel free. If you see something come by the chat room on the side there, guys, if you caught something that seems like a fun question to answer, feel free to jump out and take it if somebody's in the middle of explaining-- Great. Ryan will be helping with this. There it goes. We're going to pull her real fast, see if you guys say hi to Wendy. She is one of our official Critical Role artists. She did all the artwork for our fantastic story of Vox Machina pre-stream video and for the show. Ryan! You want to start throwing questions out? Perfect! In the meantime, I'll start with some-- Some of the Reddit questions we have ready to go. PregosFearStaircases on Reddit. What does the PCs do for prep? I notice dry erase markers for temporary hit points. Do they lay out their spell cards or have them typed up on one page? What do you guys do to prep for a game? The classic school argument. And every now and then we still get a Wind Walk. as much as we prep, we still sometimes don't get it right. Per week, I put at least as much time in prep as we do playing. So from like three, four hours plus a week into prepping for each one of our games. That involves, not just prepping for that session, but also writing ahead, planning for future elements that might tie into events, seeing how things that happened last session will affect, ripple down the line, and trying to make sure that I'm not completely caught off-guard. Not that it ever helps; I'm always completely caught off-guard. But it makes me feel better and sleep at night during the week. It's like having a wave of Clippy the paperclip. "Um!" It looks to me like you're trying to use Reckless Attacks! Yeah, same way where you choose the ones you have memorized, prepared and then you can choose from that list. Now, that's my high school nightmare. Wil Wheaton in my ear the whole time. All right, so see if we can find another question coming up here. Good to know. It's an interesting balance for the show, because for Critical Role, it's the story of Vox Machina. I'm trying to not turn it into a guest-of-the-week show. This is why I'm very sparing with storylines and bringing guests in. You guys I brought in for the Slayer's Take, and this was the right time to bring you guys back for a bit. We'll have a couple more guests coming in next month, it looks like, but I don't want to make it too constant. We may have you in as a guest in the future. It may not be very soon, but it's good to know that you're interested. Okay. Yeah, we will have guests occasionally. Occasionally, because this is the story of the core party. We could do a spinoff with guests only or something. I don't know. There's no dungeon master. That would be amazing. Let's see. This is an interesting question. From Raquem on Reddit Do you or anyone ever get tired of this being broadcast and wish you could go back to your more personal game? While a lot of good has come out of Critical Role in terms of exposure, do you find the invasive nature of the internet to be difficult to handle? Would you have a problem saying, "Okay, we're done now. Thanks, "Geek and Sundry. Thanks, everyone, and see you later." That was our fear when we first started the show, and it was a very real fear, because taking something that's so personal to us and putting it on the internet is one, a risk; two, a danger, having the internet come out and set fire to it and tell you that your fun is wrong. I don't speak for everyone here, but while that was our fear, in practice, I'm pleasantly surprised that was never the case. The community that's sprung out of this is so supportive and so positive. Even the exceptions are people that are passionate enough to want a voice and to feel involved. There's not the hate that we were expecting from it, and it hasn't really changed how we play the game or our experience with it. We enjoy it just the same. It may not be as close physically, and the map proximity to the players is something we're still working on getting better, but other than that-- That's more the case. If there was a live audience, it's hard not to, and as a stage performer, you draw energy from the audience, and it's a mutual sharing. It's become a layer of it. I wouldn't say it's impeded or changed our experience. At least, not for me. But there would be catching up on shit you did during the week. This is true. It's a lot of luck that we had those relationships beforehand, and making that momentum in the game before we put it on camera. What things may have changed have been so minimal by comparison that I haven't noticed too much of a difference, personally. I've done it. On camera. That will be one of my shining moments of my entire career, was looking over at Vin fucking Diesel, this burly Fast and Furious guy. I shook his hand when he got there. I was like, "Hi." That was the defining moment, watching that arrive. He was so nice and so cordial and so much fun and open to it, and then he sat down, and as soon as we started, looking over and seeing this burly man turn into an eight-year-old-- His luck was ridiculous. We only had 25 minutes to play that game, which they cut down from an hour when we got there. I was like, "okay!" I was so afraid he would roll shitty and have a terrible time, but he rolled really well, and I was like, "Yes, thank you." Travis, do you and Laura even break into character at home during stressful situations to lighten the mood? Hope you feel better. Ryan, do we have any burning questions in the chat room? Do you want to toss one out? Toss one out there we can maybe tackle? Also viable, but I like hearing your voice. Far. Far far far. The negative is so comparatively miniscule in comparison to that positive energy that you guys continuously generate. Not just around the show, but this entire Twitch channel and everyone that works hard on it. It's been overwhelming. That was my biggest fear, that the internet was going to come in and go, "No!" and stab me in the chest. Don't do that, please. No. I've already answered the question from my perspective. It's been so overwhelmingly positive. You guys are so invested in the play time to have this much passion to yell about. It's not just artwork, too. There's people that have produced incredible musical tracks, many of which I've actually incorporated in our in-game soundtracks. People that have sent fanfiction and have gotten into writing heavily, some of them because of the show. People tell us, "I haven't "written in 15 years, and after watching the show, I'm working on a new novel." It's much bigger than us, at this point. It's music. It's doing what you love and inspiring other people to do what they love, and there are many people that inspired me to do this and things before this, and it's great to continue that chain, to do honor to those that inspire me to continue to do the things that I love, and hopefully continue that chain. Mikandi's in the Middle East. We have people all over the world. It's incredible. And people creating their own adventures and sending us pictures and stories from their own home games, and art of their characters. It's so cool! It feels like-- I mentioned this at Portland-- it feels like being part of Fight Club. I was going through TSA when we were coming back from Portland, Oregon. I'm going through TSA, and the guy comes out with the laptop, because it gets picked up from the side, and the guy has the gloves on, and he pulls it off and looks at it and hands it back to me and goes, "Here you go. Also "had to stop your buddy Scanlan earlier." I was like, "What?" And I go back, and Sam, who had already gone through, tells me that yeah, he had some of his checked, and the guy hands it to him and goes, "Your bag, Scanlan Shorthalt." (laughter) Yeah, the Hollywood Pantages. So hi, if it's you. I had a bartender at the Echoplex when we were there for Booty LA one night, and I went to order some drinks, and he goes, "Sure. Do you play Dungeons & Dragons on the "internet?" It was awesome. Next question. Are there any you've chosen there? You can go either way. I would recommend, if you haven't played before and have any level of self-consciousness about it, try and find friends and people you're comfortable with to try it out for the first time. If you don't find that much of a social problem with engaging new things with people you don't know, you can definitely give it a shot, and if it turns out not being your thing, if it's at a premade game with strangers, then you can go back and try and find friends to play, and if your friends are like, "I don't know how D&D works," send them an episode of Critical Role. Wednesday nights. That's a good question. Someone asked, how did you guys decide on the name Critical Role for the show? I think that was actually a Liam suggestion, wasn't it? You and Liam were doing a few on that one. Nothing But Doors. Doors Forever. I can't remember some of the ones we had, but Critical Role was the one that seemed to best encompass who we are, where we come from, and it plays in with the RPG theme, but also role-play, and us being actors who play roles for a living. It put everything together what we were, so that one stood out. There's a lot of RPG-based names that already exist! Strangely. No, Twitter has proven that wrong. It's so good. There was that. And I remember, named after that, you guys purchased an ox at one of the small towns on your way out to Emon. It was near Westruun. You purchased an ox that was useless, and you named it Dork the ox. Speak to Animals. The ox was just like-- It was similar to you interrogating the cows in the later episode. You learned so much from the first time. As you started to travel, because Dork doesn't travel very well, Grog took it upon himself to find a way to cram him into the bag of holding, which took a series of strength checks and tensile checks to see that the bag didn't burst in the process. He wasn't a huge ox, but he was still growing up. Managed to push him in there, and this was also the sad lesson when they reached the next town to realize that the bag of holding does not have a perpetual air supply, and that was the end of Dork the ox. Oh man. What are some other great moments from pre-stream? The most serious one was Pike's death. Pike being killed in the throne room. I think your artwork in the pre-stream video, wonderfully done with the shadow against the wall. Yeah, that was the glabrezu, the treachery demon, getting the killing blow on Pike as the whole party watched on and crumpled to their knees. Well, Allura's tower has a specific magical defense, where it can crush itself into a small extra-dimensional space and then rebuild itself. However, the recent attack on the tower was not part of the defense mechanism. That was Vorugal actually destroying the tower, so what you saw recently in Emon was the end of Allura's tower, which is unfortunate. Great question here, and this pertains to you and technically, you. Romance between player characters is not something you see in a lot of games. This is by Gore Ax on reddit. Liam said in an interview that he approached you first about the possibility of adding romance to the game. What advice did you give to him or would you give to DMs and players about that subject? Also, since you knew about Vax's interest in Keyleth months before Marisha, did that ever create an awkward moment that you had to play dumb about it? Interesting question. I think romance in game is an interesting storytelling facet. I think it's been a phenomenal thread in our game, and it's driven a lot of great character moments, and it's brought some needed realism to both Vax and Keyleth's relationship. It's been really cool. You do have to be respectful, and you have to make sure that the game group is mature enough to handle that. That would involve one, talking with the players and the DM before it happens. In this situation, Liam talked to me without talking to Marisha because he wasn't sure if he wanted to pursue it or not. He just wanted to make sure it wouldn't be weird for me, and as we're actors, and we trust we understand the separation between character and ourselves, that was never an issue. I was very comfortable with Liam. But not all games will be like that, and some people might have jealousy issues, so you want to make sure before you even pursue anything like that that you talk to everyone involved and make sure that it's cool. It's not necessary, and it can be a really cool facet if everybody treats it like that. And romance doesn't have to be a very melodramatic thing, either. It could be an element of the flavor. It could be a flirtation you carry on and is an off-camera thing that gets mentioned here and there. It doesn't have to be that you sit there at the precipice of a cliff declaring your love for 30 minutes while the other players gag themselves in the corner. No, it was a great moment! I knew you were leaving. (laughter) It's cool, too, because some romances succeed and become a cool driving moment for the character to try and protect the one they care about. Many romances fail and end up leading to an interesting tension between the characters. I'm excited to see where this goes, because it could go either way. There's been a lot of interesting perspectives here. What I like about your guys' romance is it's very realistic in the sense that it isn't an immediate grasping each other, and it's perfect. Both of you are broken people, and you're both trying to still figure out whatever this is, and Keyleth's very unsure, and you're both feeling out the circumstance in the midst of this apocalyptic chaos. I find it fascinating. Everyone's like, "Oh, are they going to go and bang?" I'm like, "No." Not where they are as people. They're both so hurt and feeling so sad and alone that they need that comfort of somebody else there to hold them. That artwork, I felt, was a great encapsulation of that. I like that. If you guys see any questions, by the way, that you want to reach out and grab, feel free to. Or we could look through some of these papers. That's awesome! Clover's awesome. You bask in the glory of those so well. This question here Matt, does anyone in the game have a deck of many things? No. And if I can help it, they never will. Oh, good luck, guys. Deck of many things is what you throw in the game when you're bored and want to get it over with. Yeah. My preparation is pretty-- a lot of my notes are narrative points and bullet points. I'll choose whatever locations they might possibly go to, I'll list what NPCs are there and what their current circumstance is. I will then bullet-point important bits of information that NPC might know, based on certain topics that are relevant to the current storyline, and have that there for quick reference. A lot of it's shorthand, to remind me. A lot of it looks like a broken-down report that you would send to some company somewhere. It's a structure of information for myself. It's very loose, because I don't want to feel like I'm reading a page too often. There are certain scenes I want to set properly, and I'll write those in advance and go back and forth, but for the most part, I'll outline basic notes and points the NPCs would know, and then based on what you guys do-- Every now and then, if it's a very key character moment and the story lends itself and there's a good possibility that someone will ask about it. There's many things that don't get asked that the NPCs never mention. Maybe that'll come to light down the line. For more important NPCs or very specific story beats, I will write out lines of dialogue to make sure that I don't miss any important information and to make sure that I don't end up leading the players astray accidentally, because when you're improvising off the cuff, sometimes stuff comes out and you're like, "Oh shit. What'd I just say?" That's the other thing, too. Whenever I create an NPC, I'll note a texture and timbre of their voice. I'll put "gravelly, low-key, haughty and full of himself, Cornwall." Make note of the texture and dialect I use, if any. That way, I can get something ballpark of what they were before. It's not going to be perfect, and I'm sure if you line them up, you'd be like, "Oh, it's changed "over time." Victor, I didn't have to. Victor was created on the spot. Yeah. And since then, I had to write down, "fucking crazy old guy." Prospector, I think is where it came from. Very much that (Victor voice) crazy old prospector type thing. That realm. She's eastern European. No, actually. This group, Vox Machina was its first time coming together in this world I created. It's been created over time with the campaign. I didn't go out to build the setting to build the whole world. It was a one-shot, and I built a town. I built Stillben. Then as we turned from a one-shot into a campaign, I began expanding, and now it's become much bigger than I anticipated, and I'm perpetually fleshing it out over time. But yeah, there was no failed earlier attempt per se. Very first game, he had a character, and he couldn't make it for the next few games. It was a dragonborn paladin, and then he couldn't make the next few games, and when he was able to, his schedule opened up for the next one, I was like, "Do you want to play the same character?" He was like, "I want to try something different." And then Percy was born. That was where you guys found him over in the Umber Hills. Paladin. Yeah. I will say, there aren't any dead story threads from pre-stream. It's hard to equate what that would be; the party went where they went. There are many different facets of the world that they didn't come across. I'm sure there are things that might answer your question that I can't recall. That got weird. This is an interesting question. From Sanderf90 on Reddit. Which NPC that Vox Machina encountered became a lot more important than you first expected? We know Clarota wasn't supposed to join the party and Victor came out of thin air. Are there any examples where a character you didn't expect became far more important? Gilmore. Your Gilmore was phenomenal. Ryan's Gilmore was awesome. He was a merchant in Emon that I had created that had a fun personality, and I fleshed out his background a little bit, and I thought it would be a fun character that they would occasionally come across, but after that first encounter, it turned into a full discussion, he and Vax began to build this relationship, and you guys kept going back to him as your go-to purveyor of magical goods in Emon. Then the investment became more attached, and then as it progressed, he became a central NPC, which I'm really happy about. I love Gilmore. He's such a great character. Yeah. There's plenty of background for Gilmore. Since he became a central character, I've fully fleshed out his backstory. We'll have to see if it comes to light. There is something to be said about-- as actors, you're handed roles, and you work as a collaboration with a production team to tell a story, and all of you craft it together. You're a facet of the machine. There's something about creating from scratch a character's personality, strengths, weaknesses, and then stepping into their shoes and developing them and seeing whatever their potential is for good or evil and seeing it through in that imagination-based body of theirs that is so much more personal and connected that any role I've played. A lot of NPCs in this game are closer to me than any character I've played in a video game. Which plays into a great question someone else asked in the chat room. I can't remember who it was, unfortunately, but they asked For Will and Mary, how did you guys come up with your character backstories? It's really cool until your character dies a horrible death, and you're like, "I'm going to "take a walk." On the topic of backstories and tragic backstories, I will say, there is no more dangerous occupation in any fantasy world than being a parent, because everyone's an orphan. (laughter) Just me and the DM. No NPCs. I saw a question in chat. Someone asked if the loss of the magic carpet was intentional, and making it difficult to enchant. It was not intentional. It was a particular danger in the room to any of the players. It was unfortunate that rolls-- The carpet took the brunt of it. No, I did not do it on purpose! It made it so much easier for you guys to get from place to place when you had that magic carpet. It was cool. It had a lot of utility. These things happen. Let's see. For the cast, what predictions about where the story was going did you make that turned out to be completely wrong? Or did you have any theories that turned out to be spot-on? There was. I didn't expect them to ever encounter it for the next four or five sessions, let alone have it go so positively. It was going to be an encounter, but they managed to roll socially in a way that convinced Clarota not that they were friends, necessarily, but to the betterment of his survival to infiltrate and manipulate. She's done it twice. This is a good question, because this comes up often. Will Cooper, @willmortis asks, @matthewmercer, how open are you to ideas and suggestions from us about allies for Vox Machina to encounter? I'm careful, because it is my game world. I have a very specific layout as to how the things in the story ought to go. If I do intend to possibly in the future put this content out for you guys to utilize, I have to be careful with copyright stuff and not using too many outside ideas because then it gets a little tricky. Plus, a lot of people that have submitted stuff have been like, "Hey, I have an item I'd like for someone to use. It does plus six damage and gives "them the strength of four gods." Okay. That's cool, yo. Or I'll get NPCs that have a 14-page backstory that is fun to read, but the focus is on the players. I'll try to bring in what I can. So instead, we've done a couple of circumstances where we've incorporated NPCs that fans have submitted as part of a contest, and we'll start hopefully doing that more as the year progresses. There will be opportunities for that, and you're more than welcome to send stuff in. I don't have time to read everything, unfortunately; my free time is gone forever now, and I accept that, but we'll have contests and stuff and incorporate stuff for fans. We've had fans that we've lost due to illness or circumstances in the past that I've incorporated into the game. We've had fans who were sick, and we've brought into the game as NPCs, as well, and we've had contests in the past and hopefully do more of those in the future. As far as how open to it? I'm careful, because it is still my game, and I don't want it to be too much of a door I open, where everyone throws everything and I no longer have control over it, and I have very specific balancing ideas, too. But there will be opportunities. Yeah, if I ever intend to try and release anything in the future, like a campaign setting, which I would love to. The question comes up often. I have to be very careful about that. That's the largest reason. There will be opportunities in the future. (shushes, whip crack) That's an eight. Preciously Insane on Reddit asks whether Matt has ever had to discard any cool ideas because of the players going in an entirely different direction or because he felt it wouldn't fit in the world. Often! But I hold onto them because that could come into a one-shot in the future, or if it comes back around in the story, they return to the same place, they continue that thread, possibly, and like I said, if I ever end up wanting to release a setting, it would be a cool thing to put into the world that even if Vox Machina never encounters, you guys can in your own games. So yeah, I hold onto it all. Not everything gets caught. It's part of the fun of the randomness of the game is you never know where the players are going to go. I'll put a lot of effort into maps and threads, and be like, "All right, cool, so today, they're-- where are you going?" It still happens here, often. But that's fine. To be fair, Taliesin is the master of the one-liner bookend. He throws out some of the best-- he'll wait for the perfect moment, and then, "I'm sorry." (boof) What you guys were saying about the creature stuff, don't forget, in-game, you can research creatures that you know you may encounter out in the world to learn about what they do, and you can, depending on how well you research and retain the information, learn things like weaknesses or what type of abilities they have. You have a problem with that. For instance, in the game, Laura has a very strong knowledge of dragons; that's been her favored enemy for a long time. You guys could spend time and really delve into what threats they pose beyond your encounters, and who knows what you might find. Any other questions burning right now? I wasn't expecting you guys to retrieve Craven Edge from the corpse. I wasn't expecting it to be kept, and I definitely wasn't expecting it to be handed to you, and now I'm so excited to see where this goes. Interesting question from duetempte in reddit says, how do you balance combat around six to eight PCs, especially one- or two-enemy boss fights? Best fast answer as I can. When you have that many players, you have to keep running quickly. Taking initiative is a huge thing. For initiative, when I ask from top to bottom in chunks of five. 25 to 20? 20 to 15? And what I do is write the players' names down in the order, and then if an enemy falls into that order, I'll write it in the column to the right of it, staggered. It almost looks like a back-and-forth line so I can tell one column are heroes, one column are enemies, and I have them in the order that they show up in initiative. That way it's very easy, very quick to write down, and visually it's easy for me to reference who's up next. But for balancing? You don't always want to give something more hit points, because that means it's going to take longer. With a lot of players, you still want it to be around long enough to be a challenge. I recommend increasing damage it deals, because it doesn't mean you have to have as long an encounter, but still have that threat of serious danger. Not crazy damage, but scale the damage it deals. A lot of creatures have legendary resistance and legendary actions, which are very helpful. Oh my god, you're seven players. That's fair. So sorry. Maybe don't start off with all your powerful shit. No. You can barter with an NPC. You can't barter with the DM. You deserved that. A two-part question; I want to answer a couple of these. PseudoX1 on Reddit writes, with some enemies that Vox Machina has faced, every once in awhile, a PC gets one-shot by something. Do you plan on one-shotting someone when they come up against these enemies to provide a challenge, or is it a side effect of the monster? All the ones they've come across have been actual side effects of the monster, like the banshee. That's what they do. It's a nice way to bring in challenge, especially when you have certain players that are really resilient. Every now and then, it's nice to remind them that not all attacks just do damage. Some of them snuff you out. It's a cool dynamic to it, because it immediately turns the tide of the battle to not only intense danger, even if it's not a very powerful creature, to survival as well as being on the aggressive, which is great. It adds tension to it. Other part of the question when listening to players monologuing with each other, you look like you're staring into their souls. What is usually going on in your mind during those? I'm remembering Nick at Night reruns, usually. Dick van Dyke Show. Someone please edit that, and at one of those moments when the players are monologuing, my brain going off on the Gilligan's Island intro. I was afraid it was going to be boring. I didn't realize I was going to be telling you guys the whole-- and that was the condensed version. You guys never got to the point where you inquired about the creation myth of Exandria and what the Second Spark was, the Penance, and all these other terms you've come across at points in the game. It all plays into that world, and that might be unveiled more as time goes on, as now you're looking for the Vestiges, which do tie into previous time periods. But yeah, as soon as you guys started inquiring about it, I was like, okay! That's a great question. It was very difficult. I'd spent a lot of time developing and fleshing out this entire city, and I'd set the stage for it a long time ago. I didn't quite know the form it was going to take, I just knew that the Chroma Conclave, depending on events that transpired and the return, which was going to coincide with-- I know I had a two-year window of Winter's Crest festivals. I was keeping tabs on that. That was when they were going to be signifying the release of Thordak from the Fire Elemental Plane. It just so happened that Emon became so central to the campaign at that time, and based on his previous experience being sealed by the adventuring party that now largely incorporates themselves with the Council of Tal'Dorei, that would be the first place to strike. And it's not just Emon. They're hitting a lot of other targets of major power that have some history with members of the Conclave, and it was a tough decision, but it made sense driving forward for the story. It brought together a moment where players themselves, their characters were starting to wonder what their purpose was. It was a really great crux moment. Unintentionally! I had this whole story arc looming, and the characters were hitting interesting points of having an existential crisis of what is it that's holding us together? What is our purpose? And I was like, "Oh "my god, this is going to be perfect. This is going to be perfect! Boom!" And dropped it. It was so good. That whole conversation, I'm sitting there going, "Just give me 30 minutes! Just give me 30 "minutes, man. It's coming!" It was so great. It was very hard, but as a writer, sometimes to really elevate the stakes of a story, which is what you want to do when it continues like that, you want to elevate the stakes and bring everything back to a core, central focus and make everyone feel the gravity of what's to come, you have to destroy something that you love, and Emon happened to be the gem of that time. You've got to mix things up a little. I was glad to bring that two-year seed to bear. It was fun. What was your favorite PC that you've played as? PC, like when I've actually played a game. Actually, my friend Jason Bender, who's a game designer, he ran a game years ago where I played a dwarf fighter, my first time playing a combat character in a D&D game. I was always casters before that. I played a dwarf fighter named Grimthorne, which I actually incorporated into Exandria as the dwarf that ran you guys through the brawlers' league. That character is my old PC, Grimthorne. He was a fun, brash character. Yeah, shaved dwarf with no hair on his body, and most of the dwarves shunned him for that purpose. Yeah, he took you through the brawler's league tournament, yeah, where Scanlan summoned a pony and you cut it in half to intimidate the other team, and it worked. Did Percy's demon get stronger with every target on the list that he killed? Maybe. Also, what would have happened if he killed all five or six, counting Cassandra? I don't know. I guess we'll never find out. But glad you're paying attention. Nothing. Let's see. What are your favorite snacks or drinks that you like to be gifted at conventions. Yeah, we had a few great weapons gifted to us at this recent convention, which were wonderful gifts, and thank you guys for those, and we had to go through Wizard World and find a way to ship them back to us for that purpose, and it was a whole-- Somebody at the con gave Taliesin a Pepperbox replica, with an actual spinning barrel. A very small one, but a Pepperbox replica. He was like, "This is really beautiful. Oh god. I'm not "checking luggage." So he took it in two pieces and put them separately in there in the hopes it wouldn't be a problem. Sure enough, TSA stopped him from going through. He had to fill out all this paperwork. Spent 30 minutes. This is the same TSA where the guy recognized me and Sam, so I walk over to check up on him, and the guy goes over and goes, "Oh, of course it'd be Percy." And he helped actually explain to TSA what it was and that he's not trying to hide a gun through. We actually had a Critter as part of TSA that was helping Taliesin not get arrested for trying to carry a 150-year-old firearm. I will happily run an improvised one-shot to not go to prison. Three attuned. You guys have been collecting magical items for over three years now. That's the thing. They have a number of them, and a lot of them are circumstantially helpful. I try not to give out too many. You only really get one major upgrade every six months or so, or somewhere in that neighborhood. I try to make it more special so when you do find one, it's a cool thing. If you give out too many too quickly, few have the impact, and it's not really awesome when you find something new. Vex was the last person to have it. That was so beautiful. That worked out perfectly. Someone's asking, Tophlitz on Reddit asks if I was part of the Black Rock City cuddle puddle. Burning Man. Yes, I was. Good to hear from you. That's really cool. It's a Burning Man gathering event. It's really cool. No, that's the Billion Bunny March. This is a bunch of strangers all getting together and cuddling and hanging out and telling stories. I'll rewatch beats of previous episodes as I'm preparing for the next one to make sure I remember all the details of how it ended and try to pick up from there. Try. Doesn't always work, but I try. And to remember NPC voices. It's a spell that druids have. Creatures that have certain low-level intelligence, you give them human intelligence and the ability to speak and converse. They essentially become NPCs. Trinket has an intelligence of four. Smarter than the average bear. (groaning) And yet, it is 100 percent accurate. TRAVIS and I cannot implore you guys enough to really embrace low stats as a character. It's such a wonderful distinguishing trait for your roleplaying capability. I'm disappointed when a player doesn't roll anything lower than a ten. I'm like, oh, man. What a missed opportunity. I absolutely adore, as a player and as a DM, rolling at least one or two low stats, because it really exemplifies all sorts of crazy shenanigans you're going to get into in the future. Which also, I want to point out, is another great example. Both you and Keyleth are great examples of characters that have low charisma. A lot of people equate charisma to physicality and appearance and beauty, and that is one way to do it. For some people, they look like the kind of person you would listen to or follow. Very politician-like. They have this spirit to them, and this visual perspective. You guys are relatively attractive characters, but personality-wise-- not you, your D&D characters. WILL and Exactly. But a perfect example. Kashaw has such an abrasive personality that even the most average individual is more likeable in general, despite your appearance, than Kashaw is. You rub everyone the wrong way, and that's the perfect way to play a nine-charisma character. Someone asked here, Matt, have you ever considered dwarves with not-Scottish accents? Yeah. I love the Scottish brogue. It's my favorite dialect of all, and so I revel in the chance to utilize it, and I've grown up around fantasy tropes of the Scottish dwarf. The Kraghammer dwarves are definitively mostly Scottish. They have some variations in there. There's some West Country. There's some that fall out a bit. Dwarves in other regions would probably have different dialects, so if ever you guys travel to other regions and meet other regional dwarves, perhaps there will be variations. Let's see if they have any other ones. We've got time for another ten minutes of questions before we'll take a short break, and we'll come back for our battle free-for-all. Oh, that's a good question. I'm foreseeing, currently, the campaign has probably another good year, little over a year, before everyone were to reach max level. I don't know if we'll get that far. There is a definitive arc to the story, and it will progress to the point where the heroic deeds of Vox Machina-- hopefully, whoever survives to that point-- will be battling deities, and not just worlds, but also realm-saving circumstances. At which point, there will come a moment where the story comes to completion, whether it be through the fall of Vox Machina and the next wave of heroes that rise up to try and take that place, or they will complete their goal, become the heroes of the land, and fade into the sunset to pursue whatever their epilogue-based storyline is, which you guys would help to write. In which case, I would like to start a new campaign with the new level-one characters you guys would create, probably in the same world, after the events of the first campaign. There would be elements of the universe that you've affected with your choices. I've had a campaign that went close, but not quite. Meaning we stopped playing, because adults get busy and lives scatter. The Ravenloft campaign ended at 15, and the previous campaign ended around 15, as well. TiamatZX asks Question for Mary. What are your thoughts on the friendship between Vex and Zahra? Quick question to answer here, since I get questions about house rules a lot. Why did you choose to make inspiration-- the normal one, not a bardic one-- a d6 instead of the default advantage? That was partially because there are a lot of abilities and situations that give you advantage already in the game. I felt it would be a tweak where you could, in theory, combine the two. I like the disadvantage and advantage system a lot. I think it's one of the best things they did in 5th edition to streamline combat and get rid of a lot of the floating modifiers that I felt bogged down combat in other systems. I felt like this was a way to incorporate it where those that could still get advantage and consistently get advantage, based on how they play, would still be able to benefit from the inspiration die. Mind you, because there's a bard in the party, and such a good bard, I don't feel that I have to throw it out there too often. You guys are pretty self-sufficient in giving your own inspiration. This little kid. Let's see. We've got time for a few more questions, and then we're going to take a break and come back for the free-for-all. Yes, you do. Interesting question. Matt, have you ever gotten a TPK or killed most of the players in the party? Yes, actually. In the last campaign I ran, the players went into the Shadowfell, and in this particular world, necromancy had been banned and outlawed for a hundred years, so undead and the whole idea of undead creatures largely was folklore. No one saw them. People thought they were old wives' tales to keep kids in from outside. And so when they actually went to the Shadowfell, they were unprepared, wandered into a tomb, and were surrounded by ghouls, and as opposed to focused, targeting down, they decided, "Each of us take one!" and kill them off. Well, then three of the five were immediately paralyzed and were torn down, and two of the remaining party members, one of them started screaming while the other grabbed her and pulled her out as they watched the three other party members be devoured by the ghouls that were there. In that circumstance, they lost three party members in one battle that were eaten. They watched them be eaten in front of them. What I do is in that time period, I would get with the players that lost characters-- Because you're there! I would see if the remaining party members had options in which to attempt resurrection at their disposal, see if that was successful or not, preferably before the end of that session. If any of those were not successful and the players were lost permanently, then over the next week, I would meet with the players that lost characters to have them create new ones, probably a level lower than the lowest member of the party-- And meet up with them, and find a way to incorporate them in the story where they would then become a member of Vox Machina going forward. It's what I've done before, in the past. There is a detriment to losing your character. I do bring you in a level lower. Not starting at level one, because that would be stupid. Exactly. That's how I would do it. That's how I will do it. (groaning) I don't know. MARISHA and One of the members is up in Seattle now, and another member only occasionally comes on for another game. Maybe! It was fun. Definitely a unique experience doing that. If we have another Extra Life-type stream like we did, because that was very successful, and we had a good time with it. As much as it was a gamut for me to run, with you guys helping with the story-- deck of many things-- if it happens again, I would love to have them all back, so we'll see if we can get them and schedule them for it. I hope so. What color dragons would you be? Let's say in real life. I can't answer a character question. All of them! No. Yeah. I'm going to make you play that if we ever do a one-shot. (laughter) There you go. I was very open. Tailor it to the rules. So for you, your whole moon deity worked well for the Great Old One pact because it was an entity that is outside of the pantheon and you don't truly understand the nature of where it comes from, just from the sky. It was a perfect tie-in to that. And with you, I didn't want to define anything, and I said, "You can choose from the existing pantheon of the "world," and I laid those out for you, and I said, "You can create your own deity, but understand "that based on the current rules that it would probably be a much more confined belief system; a "god that doesn't have the same following of the others. Thus, why it's a receded worship than "other gods." It worked out perfectly. Good question. I will say, too, I've played with many players that have created characters that are across sex. Male players who made female characters and vice versa. You see me play female characters all the time. It's not a defining facet of the character. Yeah, exactly. It can guide elements to it down the road, but you want to create an interesting character who just happens to be male or female. I know some people have some weirdness or they're not comfortable trying to play someone of the opposite sex, and that's totally fine, but you'd be surprised how cool it is sometimes to jump into the character that's so different from what you're used to and see how one, it can be a very freeing experience from a role-playing standpoint, and you might learn a lot about yourself. One more question. This one's come up quite a few times from different people. Someone's asking about balancing encounters for creatures that could easily take down one member of the party but would also be difficult to fight for another-- that would be a good challenge for one member but would completely annihilate another person in the party. How to handle that. How does the party handle that? That's a great point of tension in the battle. If a player knows that they're squishy, their tactics should revolve around learning how to stay away from that creature that could probably take them down very quickly, and it's the tougher members of the party's responsibility to try and get between them as much as possible. So yeah, you want to incorporate aspects of a battle that will be a challenge across the party, but you also want to make sure that you don't tailor every enemy specifically to a player all the time, like "This guy's a barbarian. He has a lot of good resistance, so I'll build a creature "only for him," and then go for this character. Find a good challenge for the overall party and let them figure out the mechanics. Sometimes they'll run really well and combo their abilities together like a well-oiled machine, and they'll completely annihilate the encounter. Sometimes, they'll do the entirely wrong tactic that they should, and end up walking away, limping, going, "That was bad. That was very bad." Sometimes, it will go really poorly and they have to run. That's the good thing, too. I always scale on the level of making the encounter difficult, as opposed to too easy, if you've done a few encounters that the party has steamrolled, because if it gets too hard, you can insinuate, you don't have to stick around. They could always come back later with a better plan if the first plan failed. In fact, some fun battles are the vengeance ones, where things didn't go so great the first time, but going back with the knowledge you have now, you set up an ambush or find a way to use the terrain to your advantage next time. It depends on the creature or monster that they're fighting. If it's a beast-- if it's a creature that is driven by instinct and isn't super intelligent, it will go after whatever is either the easiest and nearest kill or the thing that apparently right now poses the biggest threat to it. I try to think of the creature's mindset of who it would go after, so if the battle begins and all of a sudden the healer does something really crazy and flashy and hurts the enemy, it might be going after the healer for a while. If it's a really intelligent creature, especially if it's a well-trained combat veteran that knows the strengths and weaknesses of different classes, once a few rounds of combat have shown who specializes in what, he may tell his team or whoever he's commanding to focus down the healer or the support class that's changing the tide of the battle. If they know the barbarian's going to resist the most damage, they'll ignore him for now, take out the things that are supporting him and keeping him up, and then we'll worry about him later. It's based on the intelligence of what they're fighting, and I think for me, that's a lot of fun. Sometimes it doesn't work out. Sometimes the party comes up with a really cool plan and my really awesome, interesting battle gets steamrolled. But you know what? The players earned that victory. I'm not going to fight and change numbers behind the screen just because I wanted it to be cooler. They earned that victory. I'll give it to them. All right, guys. It is 900. We're going to take a short bathroom break, and then we're going to come back here and see which one of these fools is going to be the final standing fighter. Welcome back, everyone. So, we're going to see how this works out. Thank you, Marisha. So, for the purposes of this, everyone's going to be level 13, so bringing both Kashaw and Zahra up one level. I need you guys to both roll additional hit points right now, which we'll add to your character at the moment. So d6 for you. For you, it'd be a d8, I'm pretty sure. Four, plus your constitution modifier, which is two. So yeah, that's 83. What'd you roll? You rolled a five plus, what's your constitution modifier? Plus three, so eight. So, add eight to your total hit points, for the purposes of this battle. Oh wait, warlocks may be a d8. Let me go check this again. I'm used to the sorcerer stuff. Let me see here real fast. Yeah, a d8! I'm sorry, reroll it. I'm not used to you warlocks. Well, I'll let you keep the minimum. We'll let you keep the four. It's my fault. All righty, so. Since your proficiency bonuses have also gone up, don't forget that your spell attack, your spell DC, and your physical attacks all go up by one. For this battle. 18, correct. This is my first time using Dwarven Forge sets, which I've always wanted to. I was a Kickstarter supporter when they first did the dungeon tiles. I was stupid and didn't get them pre-painted. Never making that mistake again. So I've dry-brushed all of these with white to make them look decent. I hope to use more Dwarven Forge stuff in the future, for our game, because it makes for some really cool, dynamic-looking sets. So. Just so you guys are aware, for this battle, this open pit here in the center is an open pit. It falls into darkness. You don't know what's below there. Yeah, this is an open pit. You'll have to go and make a perception check next to it so you can see. Could be. You and Zahra both get access to a single 7th-level spell casting. Also, you have access to all the equipment you have on you, except for healing potions. Each of you only has one superior healing potion. 8d4 plus eight. I would prefer for you to. I mean, you have a couple prepared, but you have to choose which one you use in combat. You get advantage on your saving throws, yes. All righty, guys. All right, folks. I would like all of you... to roll initiative! For the sake of this guys, because I forgot my bag of side minis, which is really stupid of me, the part of Kashaw will be played by this rather buxom dwarf cleric. The part of Zahra will be played by this red-coated Percy. So you guys can keep track on that. All right. You know you have advantage on initiative? As all of you are suddenly and instantaneously transported by some omniscient entity, you find your feet slamming into the stone ground of what appears to be some pit, a hundred feet recessed into the floor of some indeterminate location. The walls and the floor are built of ancient stone. You see each of you placed behind a wall with just enough visual across the top to see that the other of your band are there across from you. In the center lies a darkened pit to some unknown distance of depth. Looking up into the sky, you can see the blue sky, clouds drifting above, but too high to reach. You hear a voice rumble up from around you, going, "Now, show me who is your champion." So, initiative! 25 to 20, anyone? 20 to 15? (giggling) 15 to ten? 16? All right, so Kash is up first. Five to ten? 14. Grog and Zahra, who has the higher dexterity between the two of you? All right, I'll say Grog is going slightly faster than Zahra. All right. Based on that, Kash! You're up first. What do you want to do? You're right over here. Okay. You can grab your mini. Well, your speed is, I believe, 30, so you can move six square spaces. Whatever you want to do, buddy. Okay, so go ahead and make a perception check. Yep, d20 and add your perception skill. Okay, so roll again. Okay, so you look down. What little bit of light is making it down, you can see, vaguely, the bottom of the pit. About 15 feet down, ten to 15 feet, so it's not a huge drop. You do see there is texture to it, meaning it's not a flat surface. There is something down there that probably, at least it doesn't look like it would happily accept your body plummeting into it. All right, is there anything else you want to do for your turn? Okay. Call Lightning at 5th level? Okay. You guys all of a sudden feel the hair on your body and your beard drift up, almost like gravity suddenly has no impact on the moment, as the smell of crispy ozone hits the air. Above you, you can see clouds gather out of what was once a blue sky. You hear in the distance the rumble of thunder. Yes you can. All right. Yeah, 5d10 points of lightning damage. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Plus your dexterity? All right, I'm going to say that's a fail. So you take full damage from Keyleth, at this point. That's a terrible roll. You're lucky. 18. You take 18 points of lightning damage as a bolt of energy slams out of the sky like an elemental hammer, hitting you and causing you to hold yourself against the wall, directly to the back. Okay. So a giant eagle, or just an eagle? All right, since I don't have your polymorph figures with me-- [no audio until 21740] (Matt scatting) Whenever you want to use it. But now they can hear us? Okay. For those who were paying attention, Keyleth, after casting her 5th-level Call Lightning, turned into a giant eagle and then flew 80 feet up into the pit. Yeah you can. This is getting interesting. Well, in the meantime, we shall see if we can get this to work. RIP, sound? Oh no! That's a good question. Oh, a creature? Anybody's a creature. Any entity is a creature, whether it be a monster or a person. Can they still hear us and see the top down? Okay, well then never mind! Let's get this running! We'll stick with this. All right, that ends Keyleth's turn. Grog? All right. As a note, if you are raging and you don't take damage or deal damage, you lose your rage. Or not rage, if you're not going to do anything. Okay. Good to know. Yeah, if you fail to hit something or get hit, which happens very rarely for you anyway, the rage drops. Something to remember. All righty, so, if that's ending your turn, Zahra, you're up. You see the eagle of Keyleth take up after calling a bolt down from the heavens. All right, so the invocation goes on that. Are you casting that first? Meaning, the eldritch invocation just happens on top of the Eldritch Blast. Did you have another spell or bonus ability you wanted to do beforehand, or not? Yes, but you can always move it to different targets if one falls. Okay, good to know. All right, so, Eldritch Blast firing against, all three against--? All right, what's the range on Eldritch Blast? Yeah, she's definitely in range. All right, what's the AC of your eagle? 13, all right. Go ahead and roll three d20s. You do, plus 12. So don't roll a one. Roll three times. That's a hit. That's a hit, and third one? 19, that's a hit. Go ahead and roll three d10s and it's plus seven to each of them. There you go. So 17 points of damage. --13, so 33. A total of 33 points of damage. Did you drop form now? Okay. First off, make a concentration check for each one of those hits. It's a constitution save. 14. Roll again? So you have to beat ten on each one. Eight? So as you're hit with the first agonizing blast, it slams into your form and you keep yourself in the air. The second one hits you again. This time, the clouds disperse as your concentration is wrecked from the blast. The third one finally hits you, losing your form. You transform back into a druid and immediately plummet 80 feet to the ground. So that's 8d6 falling damage. OFF- We're back? All right! Hold on. You take 28 points of fall damage as you fall down into the pit, smack! Slamming into the stone ground. Your bell is rung for a moment as your eyes have a hard time focusing around you. You can feel the blood beginning to pour down the side of your head from the impact of slamming into the stonework. All right, Zahra, anything else you want to do with your turn? Stay there? Kash, you're up. I'd say, actually, Keyleth, you are prone on the ground because you fell that height. Yeah, you can see her, barely, around the side. Okay. Certainly. 4th-level Guardian of Faith. So any creature hostile to you that moves to a space within ten feet of the guardian for the first time on your turn has to succeed or take damage. All right. So you choose an unoccupied space within range and it occupies that space. So where do you want it to remain? Yeah, if you wanted to. Okay, I'm going to go ahead and use this piece of popcorn here as the guardian. Keyleth, you're up. Uses half your movement. Okay, the clouds re-form. Ah, barely. All right, I need you to make another dexterity saving throw. Plus your save, which would be more. Yeah, you still failed. So 4d10 lightning damage to Kashaw. That's better. 29 points of lightning damage as another bolt streaks down, slamming into the ground. All right. Keyleth? That's Keyleth's turn. Grog, you're up. That's your bonus action, okay. This blur of grey and black comes streaking around the corner as you see the foam frothing from Grog's mouth, running toward you, Craven Edge out of its scabbard. Hits. 14 misses. 21 points of slashing damage. 18 points of slashing damage. Two of them. 40. All right, so roll two constitution saving throws. Succeeds with both! 18 and 16! You hear the voice creeping in your face go, "Come on, take her "life! Give me her strength!" Ancient spirits of evil. All right, so, that ends your turn Grog. Zahra, you're up. Where are you going? You can see her there. She does now! Hold on, hold on. Okay. Constitution saving throw. It is a spell, so you would have advantage on the roll for your armor. All right, plus three? So you make the save. You take half damage. Go ahead and roll 7d8 plus 30. Chat room "Well, that escalated quickly." So you take 30 points of necrotic damage. Yep, 60, and half that. So you take 30 and you're still up, at ten hit points, as a beam of greenish necrotic death streaks across this battlefield, slamming into your side unexpectedly from behind as you're staring up at the horrible form of Grog raging in front of you. You feel most of your vitality sucked out of your body immediately. You glance over your shoulder and see Zahra around the corner going-- All right, Kash, you're up. Unless you wanted to move still. It's a window. Just so you're aware, that didn't use a spell slot. No, because it's part of the mystic arcanum ability. You get to use that once without spending a spell slot. Keyleth? You could, yes. But she would have three-quarters cover. If it has a spell attack roll, she would get a bonus to armor class. Okay. It's a ten-foot radius, so you're getting this area? So I need both of you guys, Grog and Keyleth, to make a dexterity saving throw. Yes. You have advantage because spells. 20? That would do it, so you take half damage from this. I believe your DC is 18, so no. Flame Strike. So roll 8d6, because it's half fire and half radiant damage. It helps give you a better armor class, but it doesn't help you against radial spells. 30. You roll two more. So there's an incredible roll. 39. So, 18 points of damage. You take 39 points of fire. Keyleth is now currently unconscious right there. No, you keep making death saves until hopefully you'd roll a 20 and maybe stabilize. Well, if you roll a 20 you, fuck. I have to remember the roll. You come back to consciousness with one hit point. Keyleth, I need you to go ahead and roll a death save. All right, so that's one failed save. Go ahead and mark that off. Grog, it's your turn. Oh, not really. I mean, depends on what you want to do. If you're trying to ricochet Keyleth's body-- Yeah, you'd probably have to hit one or the other. You're going to hit Keyleth on the ground? Yeah. You can separate your moves and your attacks. You can hit, then move, then hit. Okay, because it's a melee attack within five feet, it's an auto-crit which is an immediate two death saves. How do you want to do this? (yelling) And with that, you hear an attempt at breath and a slight gurgle as your eyes are closed as you draw the blade. You hear a satisfying, "Yes, delicious. Two more, Grog." Well, you have your bonus action attack anyway because you have your frenzied rage, so you still have your movement and two more attacks. All right, not great weapon master though? Both hit. You only get two attacks on her. Yeah, because you killed Keyleth with one. So 18 points of slashing damage. So 38 points of slashing damage against you, Zahra. I need you to make two constitution saving throws. Yeah man, you guys' best bet was probably to gang up on Grog, and you guys let him stick around. This is going to be rough. Roll a d20 twice, adding three each roll. So that's a fail. Second one again? Success. So your strength goes down to ten as Craven Edge saps a strength point from you. You get a plus one to your strength, which brings you up to 18, I believe? So currently you get a plus one to hit and damage on all your attacks. I believe that's the end of Grog's turn, because you can't do much else? Zahra, you're up. Don't forget, as a reaction, before your turn ends, if you wanted to use your Hellish Rebuke? It's either that or have him cleave your face off next turn! Make a dexterity saving throw. He succeeds, so he takes half the damage. Roll 2d10. So he takes seven points of fire damage to Grog. What are you at right now, Grog? He's at 134 hit points, guys. Seriously, Grog has rolled some of the best hit point rolls I've ever seen in my life, and then he took the toughness feat. And has a constitution of 20. It's stupid. It's one of those things where, if it's a concentration spell and you're not using it to concentrate, Generally, just a one-off thing, I'll allow you to concentrate on two things at once if you use it as a one-off spell. So I would say, if you wanted to Hex somebody and then do a Witch Bolt but not have the concentration effect, I'd allow that. What that means is, as long as you're not maintaining Witch Bolt, I'll let it not override Hex because you're just doing it as a one-off spell. Then Hex would not overlap with it. It is also a ranged spell attack, which means you have disadvantage to hit him with it because he is right in your face. You can step away from him to try to do it. Same thing, disadvantage on blasts because he's right up in your face. You'd have to get away from him to do that. MARy All right, I'm going to use my Cloak of the Bat and fly away from him, but he gets to whack me then, doesn't he? All right. Wait, let me, is that considered an action? All it does is give you flying? So you don't turn into a bat form, it means you can just fly? So you can do that. Let me pull up the book real fast. You can choose to fly 40 feet. It's not an actual action to use it, so you can do that. That'd be your movement. Are you going to cast that first and then go? Okay, so Grog you get a swipe at her. Yes. Though technically, he does have reckless attack on him, so you could attack him without disadvantage. I forgot about that. So if you wanted to hit him with a spell, your disadvantage is canceled out by the advantage you'd have on him because he used reckless attack. So it's a regular roll if you wanted to stay where you are. Yeah, but he won't get a bonus attack of cleaving. Up to you. If you want to take the hit to the face and run away? All right, make an attack, Grog. That hits, roll damage. Where do you want to fly? 21 points of damage to you. This'll be the markers for the area. This whole area is filled with dark tentacles. It's difficult terrain, which means every five feet step you take it costs ten feet of your movement. Yep. That's your action. If you wanted to use your bonus action to drink a healing potion? Go ahead and do that. You heal 8d4 plus eight. That's right, yeah. So that's 14. Roll two more. 19 plus eight. So you heal 27 hit points. That's the end of your turn. Kash, you're up. These black tentacles. That is eight plus three. That is a failure; you lose another strength point. If you have luck, yeah! Yeah, never mind! It doesn't happen. That you know of, unless he makes his save. At the start of your turn, you have roll to see if you're restrained and take damage. Are you using it on both of them? That's true. It might knock her concentration and lose the tentacle spell. The point is, I guess, from a technical standpoint, if you just hit him, the tentacles will stay up. If you hit both of them, it'll probably knock her down, but you lose the tentacles and he'll be able to come after you next turn. It's up to you. You can go after them both and take her out right now, probably. Your call. Whatever you want to do. She looks hurt. As you're currently dealing with all these dark, arcane tentacles that are sprouting out of all the stones around the ground, a beam of light seems to descend from the sky for a second as it turns to a dark red crimson and bursts around you in a giant inferno of searing divine energy. It curves around and incinerates the remains of Keyleth. Go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. So you take half damage from that. Go ahead and roll 7d10 fire damage. That's what she did to take out the wyverns. 43 points of fire damage. You take half of that, so 21 points of fire damage. Keyleth smolders. Grog, it's your turn. Go ahead and make your dexterity saving throw. 14 is a failure. You take 3d6 points of damage. Could you roll that, Zahra? This is bludgeoning, so you take half the damage. So he took four points of bludgeoning damage and you are restrained currently. Restrained, to specifically read you what it does, your speed becomes zero, so you cannot move. Attack rolls against you have advantage, and your attack rolls have disadvantage. You now have disadvantage on dexterity saving throws. So Grog, what are you doing? Okay. Let me see the card? You don't have to roll for it, it's each creature in the line. It turns, as you see, Grog, the tentacles, turn around, and throw something toward you, all of a sudden it sparks with electrical energy and streaks toward you like a bolt of lightning horizontally. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, Zahra. That's a success, so you take half damage. Roll 4d6 lightning damage, Grog. So you take four points of lightning damage as the javelin streaks past you and skids across the stonework behind, sending a few sparks, and then falls to the ground, its energy used. All right. Ends your turn, Grog? Zahra, you're up. No, you used Evard's Black Tentacles. Well, let me see. Agonizing Blast isn't a cantrip, it's an Eldritch Invocation which gives you the benefit on top of your Eldritch Blast. So yeah, you can do that three times. That's your cantrip, and you can do that, yeah. So all three against him, or do you try and aim for your buddy over there? Let me see the Javelin, what it does? Yeah, I don't know what you guys are talking about. You guys are really weird. Oh, and because it is four damage, go ahead and roll a constitution save to maintain concentration on your tentacles. Ten's enough to keep it, so the tentacles stay. Thank you for the reminder, guys. So you're doing all three against Grog? All right, roll with advantage on each roll, because of his reckless attack. Go ahead and roll that twice. A nine, roll again. All right, so that, what's your AC? 19, it does hit you because you have plus 12 on that attack roll. So roll for the second one. That's one hit. And roll again? That hits again. Roll for the third one? Roll again. See if it gets a crit. Two hits and a crit. All right, so let's go ahead and roll that. So that's one plus seven, so that's eight points of damage. No, it's force damage. That's to hit, not damage. Plus seven that. So that's eight points of damage. Second one? Five plus seven is 12 points. And then this is the crit. So that's eight, plus seven is 15. From the last one? You can, totally. Okay, so the last critical hit does nothing. So as you hit him with the final hit, it slams into him and he puts his chest out, pumps it, takes the blast and it seems to disperse across his muscled form to no effect. All right, so, against who? All right, make a dexterity saving throw with disadvantage, because you are restrained. 16, not enough. That's a failed save. Do 8d6 damage against Grog. As you're being held back by the tentacles, all of a sudden you see another streak of divine energy come from the ground as flames erupt from beneath you. Your vision becomes nothing but fire. So 26 points of fire damage. It's a bonus action in my games, so don't worry too much about that. Don't forget, you have your danger sensibility. Roll another dexterity saving throw, to be safe. It's things you can see, like spells and traps. Nah. Sure. 8d4 plus eight. So you're up next, Grog. Know what you're going to do. Shitty rolls! All right. Grog, I want you to go ahead and roll a constitution save real fast. 11. As the flames subside, you take a moment to take in the damage you've taken. There's a familiar smell, a smell you've smelled once before, when Trinket ran across a series of lightning traps the smell of burnt hair. As you reach up, you find your chin clean. (yelling) Grog, you're up. Yeah, top of the turn, I need you to try and break free. You are restrained currently. Let me double check really fast to make sure we have the specifics, here. We haven't used this spell before. Okay, so, you take another 3d6 bludgeoning damage because you started your turn restrained in the tentacles. So do another 3d6. So you take five points of bludgeoning damage. Round it down. You have to use an action to make a check to try and break free of it. All right, go ahead and make a strength or dexterity check, your choice. All right, not a saving throw. A check. That's still enough. You break free of the tentacles. Break free using your action. You still have your bonus action and your move, though you can't move quite as far. Which way are you going? You've got two targets right now. All right. (counting) You can just get up to her with your barbarian speed. You have your bonus action still. You can attack with your bonus action. You have frenzied rage, remember? Up to you! All right. Go for it. Is this a reckless attack? 26 hits, go ahead and roll damage. 21 points of damage to you, Zahra. And a constitution save. I need you to make a concentration check, so roll another constitution save. Oh, that's a failure. The tentacles vanish from the scenery as the spell disappears. Bye, kernels! I need you to make another one from Craven Edge. That is another failure. You lose another strength point. You're now a strength of nine, and you gain another plus one, Grog. Well, plus one to your strength. What is your strength at, now? So no bonus yet. Next time. All right, that ends Grog's turn. Zahra, you're up. No, it's from the staff itself. Okay. Using almost all the charges in that staff. You still have to make a ranged spell attack, which right now would be at disadvantage, but he attacked so it would be a straight roll. So go ahead and do that, roll a d20. That's a nine plus your spell attack, which is 12. 21. What's your AC? It hits. That's 5d12 points of lightning damage against Grog. Five, because she did it at 5th level. 41 points of damage to you, Grog. Lightning damage. All of a sudden, up in your face, she holds her staff in her front, closes her eyes, and a blast of dark lightning hits you. Zahra, is that the end of your turn? You still have a bonus action. That's Zahra's turn. Kash, you're up. You are out of your normal vicinity, yes. You also know that you can cast lower spells at a higher level if you wanted to. What's the range on it? Yeah, if he fails the save, you can banish him for a period of time to another plane. Technically it would be the same plane. It's just in a different timeline. If you were fighting in the Hells, yeah, it would send you back to the Prime Material Plane and he would sit there. It takes him out of the fight for a while, but it's your call. What are you doing, Kash? With a 6th level, you could Flame Strike both of them if you have one left of that. Which would do more damage. It's your call. I was just shooting it out there! All right, so that's 9d6 points of damage to each of you. Do you want it to be radiant or fire damage more? It's split into two types of damage, so do you want to do more radiant or more fire damage? They both hurt the same, although she's resistant to fire. So fire or radiant, what are you going to do? Just say one or the other. So roll 5d6 right now. I need you guys to both make dexterity saving throws. So you take 13 points of radiant damage that is not reduced. You take 13 points of radiant damage. Then roll 4d6 more. 13 again. So you take 13 points of fire damage. Oh, you made the save! Both of these are halved. Sorry, I forgot about that. You take half of it, so you would be at, it was 13, you'll take six points of damage. All right. That ends your turn? Okay. Grog, it's your turn. All right, make your first strike. With advantage? Her AC's 14. That hit. MARY and 21 points of damage. Zahra falls unconscious. I need her to make a constitution saving throw. You roll a d20. Okay, so she succeeds. You are unconscious now, on the ground, bleeding out as the blood that you draw from the blade you can see seeping into the outside of Craven Edge. Grog, what do you want to do? She's unconscious at your feet, and you see Kash in the distance rushing near a wall. Roll with advantage, twice. That hits. It's an automatic crit, so you lose two death saving throws. Mark those off. You don't roll damage, she just lost two death saving throws. She's on the edge. You have one more attack. This would be your bonus action to attack, yeah. You haven't used your potion yet, right? Yeah, you can do that. It's not d6s, it's d4s. 8d4 plus eight. This is getting intense. All right, so you heal that up. Zahra, it's your turn. I need you to make a death saving throw. That's a success, so mark a success. That brings us to Kash. It's your turn. You have an unconscious Zahra over there that you could finish off, or toss a distant heal if you wanted to bring her back. Or go directly after Grog and try and bring him down. No, you'd have to move over here to get a clear line of sight on him, really. You could move that far, but then you're outside of your guardian, which you can do if you want. So what do you want to do? You can get there. You can see him all right. Yeah, you can do that. Okay, so you create a floating Spiritual Weapon. I will make this little kitten your Spiritual Weapon. Where do you want to put it, within 60 feet? All right, little tiny floating death kitten. So, all right. You have a spirit weapon, a giant cat bludgeon, summoned by Vesh, and dark energy pours off of this floating cat. (cat yowl) Every impact. All right, so go ahead and make a melee spell attack. Roll a d20 twice and add plus ten. Take the higher one and add ten. That hits. Go ahead and roll, is it a 4th level? Okay, for every two levels, so it takes 2d8 plus five damage. Roll that twice. 16 points of force damage, so it's not reduced. (cat noises) You're being bludgeoned by a somewhat ethereal-looking dark energy kitten. Go ahead and roll again for the attack. 2d20. So plus ten, it still hits. Go ahead and roll 2d8 plus five. 17 points of force damage. Yep, this is where things get real interesting. Yep. Barbarians. So you are back at one hit point. That ends your turn, Kash? Grog, it's your turn. You know what? Go ahead and make a grapple check. Roll an athletics. You can roll athletics or acrobatics. Which is higher, your strength or your dex? Probably your strength, so roll a d20 and add-- What's your athletics? Three. So roll a d20 and add three. What'd you roll? So as you go to grab him, you get your hands on Kash and, as you begin to try and pull, all of a sudden Kash's eyes go jet-black and you see this burst of dark energy around as Vesh comes in to protect the one cleric follower. As that happens, your hands are forced off of his form. You still have a bonus action. No, it's an action to try and grapple. Great weapon master, or not? I've helped you! 21 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. I'm double-checking, I'm trying to remember if grapple is-- So 35 points of damage? I'm double-checking one thing, because I'm trying to remember if grapple is an action or an attack. You also have an additional attack, because it only takes one attack to attempt to grapple. Or you could attempt another grapple. Your call. Do you want to grapple with your second attack, or do you want to hit him again? Great weapon master, or not? So, as the first strike comes down with Craven Edge, striking across the armor, it splits and beneath you can see the red crimson already spilling inside. Make a constitution saving throw. d20, add your constitution modifier. Two, I believe, right? It's a failure! So he steals one of your strength. Your strength goes up by one. It goes down to 16. Doesn't make a huge difference. So, the second strike comes down across with Craven Edge. This time, you put your shield up, and you can feel the weight of it almost pushing you off your feet, but it streaks across the armor, no impact. That ends Grog's turn. Zahra, make another death saving throw. Two failures, two successes. Kash, you're up. It would replace the other one. You can use your bonus action to send Mittens there and do another regular attack, or a spell if you wanted to. Your call. It's a bonus action. However, you do need to make a concentration check for the damage you took last turn. What was the total damage of that attack, again? Total damage, 35? Half of 35, that brings it to, we'll say 17. Roll a constitution saving throw. Nope, Mittens. So Mittens vanished from the impact, but you can cast it again if you want to. Hold on, let me check one thing really fast. Spiritual Weapon, checking one thing here. Just to make sure. Lot of stuff happening really fast. Spiritual Weapon is not concentration! My apologies. So, you don't have to do that. I look over and see Travis going like, concentration check! I'm like shit, right! I need to stop doing that. Mittens can move 20 feet and repeat the attack. Roll 2d20. 16 plus your spell attack, that'll hit. Go ahead and roll. Even at a minimum, Grog, I need you to make another constitution check, with a DC of 15 now. 28. Still at one hit point, Grog takes the hit, almost goes down and then comes right back up at the feet, angry. You can use your action now to do something else. Only a bonus action can do that. So now you have your action. You could hit with your spear, or you could do another spell if you wanted to. You still have your action. What are you going to do? You could, yeah. He'll get an attack on you if you run. All right, roll 2d20, adding ten to each hit. So go ahead. I'm sorry, adding nine. Roll again. Yeah, so you hit it. The damage hits. I need you to make another constitution saving throw. DC of 20, buddy. (chuckles) How do you want to do this? (yelling) Well, in theory, he could finish you off next round. This is your dark spear, the Shadow Spear. As the Shadow Spear pierces the front of your unarmored chest, it goes sticking out the back of your torso. At that moment, you can see his eyes go dark once again as the spear itself sends this cold wave through your body, the necrotic enchantment on the spear sucking the life from you. You watch as Grog reaches out, grabbing it, but his muscles wither and atrophy within a matter of seconds, his face going sallow, his entire life force drained into the spear as you withdraw it from his body. The now extremely malnourished, shriveled body of Grog crumples to the ground with a cracking sound of bones against stone. You hear in the back of your head, now, a voice that says, "You've proven yourself worthy. Lift me. Become my new master." Yeah. (blade spinning through air, impact) I need you to roll another death saving throw. Two. And with that, you hear in the distance this small (exhale). (laughter) There was a slight chance you would have rolled a 20, and it would've been great if you woke up and went-- Well done, guys. That was really interesting. It's okay. I'll remember to bring my proper minis next time. So yeah, the pit, if anyone would have fallen in there-- you saw the texture in the bottom-- it was a cluster of undead that would grab and pull down and devour. Every single turn, you'd have to roll to try and get out of the grasp. If not, you'd be restrained and be taking 3d10 points of damage every turn. There are spells like that, yeah. Which spell is this? Geas isn't a direct-- you don't command them to do a specific action; you tell them to complete this task for you and they're compelled to do it and if they resist it they take damage. The moment you send someone on a suicidal impact, the spell immediately breaks. Possibly, but you could be like, "hey, I need you to focus your attacks on Zahra," then he could choose to do that or try to resist it and take the psychic damage. It would've been a hard sell. With a really low saving throw roll, a player could have been compelled to lose a round to inspect, but it wouldn't have been like "Yeah, sure!" and then dove in. Also, don't forget to check your casting times, as well. I don't know what the Geas casting time is. Yeah, that would not be a combat spell. Every round in combat is six seconds, so that would have been a spell you could do outside of combat. Geas. Cool. So yeah, depending on if some point down the road, we have the opportunity, like the break after a major story arc when we run another one of these games, but with the entire Vox Machina party, which would be fun. That would be a ways off, but you saw this was fun to do. We'll try that sometime. And a great example of the power of warlocks being nasty, the survivability of barbarians being ridiculous, although it was you versus three magic casters, which was not a good fight, but even so-- And even so, it came down to quite literally one roll, because if that hadn't taken you out, that last spear hit, if you would have survived that saving throw, you would have had three attacks on him next round, and with great weapon master, two of them would have taken him down. That's amazing. Guys, thank you so much for coming. Yeah, seriously. There will be no actual session here. Me and Marisha will be out of town; we're going to be at Kazuku Con in Cork, Ireland. See you guys there. There will be no show. There'll be stuff going on. They'll have content here that they're going to decide on who to show here, so keep an eye on the social media platform to tell you what to look forward to in our slot next week, and we will return for the next session of Vox Machina's adventures on March 9th. All right, so you guys jump in there to see if we have a winner here momentarily. I can see you guys being active in there, which is awesome. D&D? A friend of mine, Matt Colville, who's the writer for Evolve at Turtle Rock Studios, he had me and Marisha and Liam and our friend Frieda down to play a one-shot down at his studio back in September. It was great! I missed that. I was a tiefling paladin. Oath of Vengeance, named Marduun. It was fun. Paladins choose oaths as their variations, and I was Oath of Vengeance. It was fun. That was the last time, the only time I've played a player character in D&D in years. @blupervillain made an awesome art piece of our table arrangement in here. You guys should check it out. It's awesome. Well done. All right! Akayes. A-K-Y? A-K-A-Y-E-S. You are the winner of the giveaway at the end of the show tonight. Congratulations. All right, guys. Thank you so much for coming and watching. We'll see you in two weeks. Tune in next week to see what they have to fill the slot for us. It should be a lot of fun. Yeah.