Just saying. Yeah, I haven't washed it since. I'm so glad that he's learning to paint because seeing that first mini he did for your guys’ home campaign, it damaged me on a spiritual level. He's gotten so much better! They will be happening much more consistently. Quality over quantity. Yeah, every person is doing a session zero at home in private, just like a very brief warm up to feel out the character and if there's anything they want to change before we really started the campaign. Our little nuggets just for us to have for ourselves. I think Ashley's got you beat. She didn't roll poorly, but you know, she has some-- And I'm so happy she did. Those are my favorite! Low stats are awesome! It really is. I'm excited. Which ones your lowest again? You can't say. I think so, I think Ashley's is lower. Oh right, if he hadn't done that then she would have gotten the information she needed from Thordak’s corpse. The main thing was she was trying to get to the corpse of Thordak to use the torturous Speak with Dead spell to extract information from him on where Opash's lair was, would have found out information she needed to do the dracolich transition and then she would have just fucked off. She's a long term person, once she had dealt with the immediate issue of the disease and her slowly degenerating then she would have taken all the time she wanted as a dracolich. That was essentially what was going to happen, yeah. If you guys didn't stop her, then she would have gone off on her own, done everything she could to be untraceable and probably would have come up as a villain later in this next campaign. But that didn't happen. Her whole deal was to let her have a moment with the corpse. He gets that feature at level 14. There would have been a 20 year jump, she would have had time to establish herself in an area on the new continent and would have been one of the major players in that area. She would have been like, "You guys have Tal'Dorei. That's fine; I have ideas elsewhere." Oh yeah, man, bartering Grog, that's legendary. No, he was a random treasure find. I don't think I remember specifically when it was, but it was early. It existed in Pathfinder, yeah. It wasn't a powerful item it just became a snake, then it went and bit something and then it became a belt again. But I think that good magical items are ones that are not just useful in the game, but eventually become a small portion of your character’s identity. I think that's a good example of that. It wasn't entirely useful all the time, but every now and then it was but it just became part of Vax. At the end of the campaign, on your way to the forge. I don't remember it like that, but I want to remember it like that. I'm pretty sure it is one of Sarenrae main stipulations in the religion. "Just have fun." That was about an hour. Yeah, that was during the Whitestone/Briarwoods arc. Like a lot of curses do. It was like the DM's gift. Like, here's a really tragic backstory, filled with violence... Loosely. Have fun with it. And I was like, "Oh, I will." (laughter) Well, it was more like, "I will give you my soul, in exchange for my sister," is something that a god could be like "Okay, I'll accept that." "I myself personally will murder the Demon Prince of Undeath in the bottom layer of the Abyss," she's like, "Heh, sure." Right. From her perspective, that was something that, if Orcus became a prominent issue immediately, then maybe she'd call it in. But for the time being, I think she also felt that she'd claimed enough attention and happiness from the family here. Taking Vax. Some of the lore stuff that you had discovered as Vex and you were like "Oh." Well, there's elements of the story and campaign that I like to leave somewhat vague for people who are building their own narratives and stuff. Yeah. if you pay me enough, I'll happily tell you. No, that's one of the elements I want to keep vague for the purposes of other writers out there. Yeah, that was the one remnant of the battle that they found. I am super excited, and I am really stressed, but I'm super excited. I mean, I've disappeared for-- half of our holiday break was me just working on the campaign, I'm sorry. I'm excited, I'm finishing up the details of the whole continent map right now. We're holding it for that. I want to experience the first game where all the characters come together as a group, the same with these guys. Depending on what you guys do and where you go because that's always expansive. I have the first six or so episodes of story pretty well beat-ed out, from there I have loose arcs to bridge all those, and then I have long-term arcs. I have level ten, level 15 arcs already kind of worked out. That would be the fastest sunset of a campaign ever. We get to session 12, and I'm like "All right, guys. As you all gather your harvest for the fall, you look off to the setting sun and think, 'My kids will eat well next year.'" And that's our campaign. Thank you for joining us, guys. Stardew Valley D&D Version would be great. Oh god. What's incredible is there are elements of that image that aren't that different from my middle school photos I took. Man, I've always been a winner. Oh yeah, I've got a bunch of pictures that the world will never see. Yes. Well this way you can tell just how much weight I gained over the holidays. Direct comparison! Yeah. I had made a custom kind of 5e version of the Corruption-- what were actually called the "Taint Rules" in the Heroes of Horror, but I decided to change that because I knew, that this group would never fly. Yeah, but it’s from the Heroes of Horror book for the older 3.5 D&D. I had used it for my Ravenloft game back in the day. I took all those tables and I retooled them to Fifth Edition and simplified a bunch of it. Past two points was a threshold where you get to more of a moderate severity of corruption, which you get a mental of physical corruption. And so I’d roll-- Yes. See what I got to deal with every week? You’re making Purvan cry. It would’ve been a physical or mental corruption at that point, it would’ve been either a moderate insanity or a physical ailment like, the eyes would’ve started to rot away, or he began to have the skin slough off a bit. Or he could’ve began to have obsessive mental characteristics. No! That’s the "Corruption Points" now. Because it used to be divided. Like a lot of Third and 3.5 Edition rules, it was super complicated when it didn’t really need to be so I pulled it back a bit. I was going to put them in the Campaign Guide, but like I said, it was based on the Heroes of Horror and it was too close to the original settings. I may just release them online and if people want to give them a shot and, mess with them them and retool them to yourself. Yeah, I’m so excited for the new campaign! So much regret over here. You’ve never seen a faster TPK. A few weekends in Lancaster and you just never were the same! It was a very stressful period of the campaign. Oh yeah, I think we mentioned that in one of the Talks episodes. The offer that would have come with your character type going from humanoid to fey. You would have become a fey creature. The tree would have embraced and pulled her up into the canopy and there would have been this transformation process. You would have transitioned to a fey creature and some of the racial benefits would have come with that. Well, some of the benefits would have been like a perpetual bark skin. You would have had other fey abilities would have come to you, but you also would have gotten vulnerability to fire damage. Especially in the later battles. And then you would have been bound to Saundor, in which case he would have become a patron for the remainder of the campaign to you, or until you rebelled, in which case that would have gone-- I don't know where that would have gone. Probably pretty bad. But yeah, you would have bound yourself to a not-so-good person. Guess what we're googling at break. Oh, no. Keep going. Oh, in the Feywild. No, not Ulrich. I can't remember off the top of my head. So internet, make that happen. Oh, it's not half by any means. Well, it depends on what you're fighting. If it's an intelligent creature, it knows what the biggest threat is, the seven-foot, eight-foot guy with the giant axe who looks like he could take anything you throw at him. I'm not even going to damage him, just (pop). Get out of the fight. It depends on who you're fighting. A lot of things that are not very intelligent will still go after Grog and be like, "Ugh, he's just not going down!" Yeah, there were two of K'varn's experiments in cages. Anyone got close, they would just grapple and hold them to the cage. Oh, right! Well, naturally, it was a plus one hammer, and then when you brought it under full moonlight, it would empower the hammer. What it would do is it would give it a charge that would allow you to cast Improved Invisibility on yourself or another target until it was charged again. It wasn't some grandiose powerful item. No. That would have been cool, but it didn't make sense for what Zahra's-- Zahra's enchantment capabilities weren't super powerful, so she can craft something that was somewhat useful given the circumstance. By now, yeah. But at the time, limited to enchanting something with a one charge Improved Invisibility. No, especially if you could use it as a person who was not a spellcaster. That was the benefit of it. Anybody was attuned to the weapon could then use it until it was recharged again. Craven Edge would have been probably one of the artifacts that the cult of the Whispered One had amassed. Even while Vecna was scattered amongst the planes and trying to coalesce over time, those who followed him, all the various Remnants that were out there in the world were collecting things for when he returned. There were all sorts of artifacts and items that they were pooling in places where they had the most influence. Craven Edge was one of the most powerful artifacts that they had recovered. When he brought Sylas back and the Briarwoods had proven that they were dependable right-hand men to Vecna, he went, "All right, you can use this, and since you are undead by nature and I was responsible for your resurrection, Sylas, you could ignore some of the penalties of this item." Yeah, it would have been harder for that to happen to him. So it was just amassed by the Remnants then gifted to Sylas when he became one of the higher-ups within that structure. There may have been a handful of other ones that had bankai-ed in the past, but you were the only one in recent centuries. Nowhere near as interesting. They actually probably had good debates and philosophical discussions. You know, that's a good question. There are some great DM's Guild things I am working on in the future around that so I don't want to spoil anything. A mechanical automaton that would be his companion. Yeah it was a perfect union. The more you told me about the character, I was like "Oh, well this just came out very recently on Unearthed Arcana." It worked out great. SAM. Yeah, it worked out great. I don't know about that class so much. It seemed like it peaked. I don't know how much-- Yeah, a support and toolbox type class. The illithid rarely want to get closer to the surface. They prefer to bring things to them. They expand slowly from an inside standpoint. Conquering a location isn't as important as building up power to base and then possibly jumping to a new plane or a new society. They are one of those weird, alien colonization-type species that jump between worlds. The Far Realm gets real interesting, folks. For the most part. It depends on where they're going. They're all about enslavement and mind-control and fleeing their hunters, which are like the githyanki. There are other species out there that are constantly hunting and trying to eradicate them. So they have this combination of wanting to be as unseen as possible and then drawing things into their fold and controlling them. Probably, they were pulling things that got too close, maybe eventually if Kraghammer became a huge issue they would maybe core it out and destroy the people and then leave the ruins, but I don't see them hanging as close to the surface as Kraghammer was. Yeah, with some nice shawls or sweaters. (as Gilmore) Yes, you rang? Oh, terribly! He was heartbroken, just because-- Even though long-term things didn't pan out for them, he still cherishes the time they did have, and the friendship he forged thereafter, with everybody, so he's heartbroken for both his connection with Vax, and for the rest of Vox Machina and other people whose lives he'd come in contact with. He's very thankful for the time he had. The whole post-campaign for Gilmore was a lot of self-reflection. He was very much this self-started, wanting to prove to the world that he can succeed and be as good as he can, and had these dreams of perpetual expansion and franchising. He backed off that a little bit after all the events of the campaign, and just focused on small local shops and staying on Tal'Dorei. I'm sorry! Well no, he's an expansion of your territory, you guys can go wherever you want! Yeah, exactly. (laughter) I think Vax's death and the whole events there, especially in the tower at the end-- a lot of self-reflection, a lot of showing more appreciation to Sherri and the people that helped him build what it was, and talking to his parents more often. It's just fictional from your standpoint, man. It's been our life for three years. Seventeen. I think he was in two sessions. The one where you met him and the one where you guys made the deal that he would sponsor you guys' adventures. It was seventeen home sessions, but the home sessions were like six to ten hours. They were super long home sessions. Yeah, like I grew with that shit. We'd do long weekends planned out where we'd go to a friend’s house and we'd game all Saturday, sleepover, and game all day Sunday. It was amazing. I miss those days. LIAM, LAURA, and All right, guys, we’ve got to play. Get back to the table. Oh yeah! (laughs) Kind of. Well, there was an individual. I didn't have to develop it too far because you guys didn't go too deep into that plot thread. But it was like a lower noble in Westruun who, just in passing, had a run-in with Vex, and she totally blew him off in a very Vex fashion. And he kind of developed this obsession with her. And so he would try to find information, send people to follow her. It was really a weird, fucked up-- Yeah. And so the story with that was-- Yeah. He'd try and court her, she'd knock it away. He'd have her followed. Yeah, well, that's kind of what I was hoping to show you this later. And so he hired the Clasp and said, "Could you please bring her to me?" And that was when Vax had his first run-in with the Clasp. He noticed this guy was following her, took him out, and in doing so himself, was taken by the Clasp and inducted into it as his means of paying back the debt of knocking out one of their members. No. This was a whole off camera storyline. It was the setup for it. But it was your backstory to how you got involved with the Clasp and got your branding and everything there. Because at the time, this is really messed up, so you had talked with the Spireling there at the time in Westruun, and told the story about how this was your sister and you were protecting her and everything. And you offered yourself like, "Whatever I can do to pay this debt back so that this doesn't happen, let me know." The guy who you had knocked out who was following her, who was also being held down while you guys were having this back and forth in front of the Spireling, he accepted what you were doing. Then for failing, for punishment to the one who failed, he pulled out this artifact, that's in the-- It's an artifact in the Book of Vile Darkness. That is just made of tongues stitched back to back, and it can kind of still move and flex and quiver. When you touch it to somebody, they have to make a saving throw or their flesh gets changed to whatever form you want it to be. This would-be kidnapper that was hired by the Clasp and failed, his punishment was to be touched with this and then turned into a replica of Vex, and then was sent to fill the bounty to this guy who was obsessed with her. Probably. I don't know. Probably not. Yes. Who has lived most of their life as a Clasp member who's probably really messed in the head right now. The Clasp would've become a source of information and material and fast movement through Emon. You guys could've traveled through their caverns beneath the city-- They wanted in exchange for that installation in Vasselheim. So they would've been like, "We will help you. We can help get everyone out of the city safely. We'll get them to places that are safe. We can move you in and out of the city anywhere in Emon safely. We can gather information for you. We can supply you with things. You have full disposal of the Clasp in reclaiming Emon from the Conclave, but when all this is done, we need you to help us install our satellite beginnings in Vasselheim." I will say, Vex is not aware of this other Vex's existence and has not encountered them. There you go. When you guys decide those names, you should put them on social media. You guys name your kids. She knew, yeah. Really, you enabled the death, though. That was crazy. It's frustrating from my end, because I wanted to give some of these epic deaths to the mainstay party, but... what are you going to do? It made a good feeling. It does make for a cool, memorable experience. But also it's like the guest comes in and is like, "Hey guys! Cool, thanks! I win, bye!" Will Friedle. I'm kidding, I love you Will, you're amazing. Danny Glover? Please. Well, when you live with somebody for a very long time, eventually you enjoy the space you have from each other. Well, they're creatures of purpose and they had purposes in different areas, as was the assignments of the Knowing Mistress. They have the ability to communicate and every now and then would probably meet up. Sphexting. Sure, let's do it. Good evening. Mm-hmm. This is the best alternate universe "My Two Dads." It was a show. It was a show. Yes. Well played. Correct. I mean, I'll go into it a little bit, because, who knows, she's still an entity in the world, it might play into the next campaign, I don't know. There's a lot of questions where part of me doesn't want to answer because I don't want to rob people of their own interpretations, and also because maybe things will show up in future campaigns, I don't know. With Vesh in particular, Vesh is an entity that presents itself as a god, like anything powerful would that wants to be worshipped or given attention. But isn't part of the pantheon. As to whether or not she has aspirations for it, or is just trying to convince individuals of that to get what she wants, you know... I'll say that she's a powerful entity, powerful enough to grant divine spells to her one follower. I will say that Kash is not the first suitor that she's cycled through. Yeah, I'll leave it there. Probably the most handsome. Not at all. He's not handsome at all. Kash has a very low charisma. Kynan I had written to be their first fanboy. As a party of adventurers begins to become renowned and they've had a parade set for them as thanks for helping Uriel Tal'Dorei. He was their first interpretation of dealing with that attention, and so my intent was for him to be that lovable, slightly annoying young upstart that wants to prove himself and be friends with them and wants to learn from them. Essentially, yeah, and we treated you basically the same way. So, yeah, the idea was for him to be this interesting obstacle on the way of renown, somebody that would want to tag along, that they'd have to protect or leave behind, or could eventually be groomed into a hero if they chose to, or in the circumstances that laid out, give such a harsh beat of reality, in a way that someone as young and impressionable couldn't emotionally process in a healthy way, and it was so crushing to him at the time, whether or not that was the intent, sent him on a very dark path and thankfully they were able to manage to pull him from that. I didn't expect any of his story to go that way when I was developing him. The whole interaction, I didn't expect it to go that way. A whole lot of times. That's hard. There's different categories I'd put them in. As far as villains go, as much as I was excited to play, to jump into the role of my own interpretation of Vecna, who's this classic D&D villain, Raishan and the Briarwoods were both such living entities in my brain, and for different reasons I enjoyed jumping into those shoes. It's hard to pick. Senokir came out of nowhere, he was completely spontaneous and he was a fun one. Just because of the physicality and the creep factor and being able to just make the players feel suddenly very uncomfortable. It's great. Oh yeah, that was fun. I have a special place in my heart for Allura, because Allura, wasn't intended to be, but in hindsight I can see was my self-insertion NPC if there was. The one where I felt was me trying to protect my friends and trying to be a guide in places. I feel there's a little part of me in each NPC, but in Allura probably more than most. Her and Gilmore. A little bit, but I haven't had a campaign that I've been so emotionally invested before, it's been a variety of different players. I've had some players that were more into the roleplay, some players that were more into the mechanics and the combat, I haven't really had a game until this group of fuckers, where I can get so invested in the NPC that I created, if that makes sense. It's still a very new level for me as a DM. Oh, yeah, okay. Cassandra was left to die in the snow and as she was bleeding out she was recovered by some of the Whitestone civilians, a hunting squad that was out found her still alive, brought her back and nursed her partially back to health, knowing who she was. But in the time that she was recovering, they were discovered by the Briarwoods or the Briarwoods' lackeys and were slaughtered, and Cassandra was recovered by them and nursed back to health after that. She then got to watch her whole family get hung, the corpses anyway, on the Sun Tree and was subjected to a lot of brainwashing over a long period of time, was forced to become a member of their family, was forced to eat dinner and breakfast with them every day. They saw her as an asset to keep the people under control. She was a connection to the old regime, and they could kill her at any time, but she probably was more useful in the long run. So they kept her around, and she became this kind of plaything, this adopted child that they kept around. For years and years, she would try and flee and escape and they would punish her for it and eventually got, through a combination of brainwashing and Stockholm Syndrome... Yeah, and so they began to use her to weed out seeds of rebellion in the city and destroy them internally. They would send her out into the city to find those, and be like, "I want to start "a rebellion, who do I talk to?" They'd be like, "Oh, talk to this guy," and she'd be like, "Okay." She'd go and find out where the rebellion's building in Whitestone and return and tell them where it was happening and they would wipe them out. And they would quell any sort of uprising using Cassandra as an agent. When Vox Machina arrived, seeing her brother still alive, and seeing the possible fall of the Briarwoods was just enough to break her from that and then there was a recovery period. A lot of her just trying to figure out who she was and dealing with the guilt of the things that she did do, even though she knew it wasn't her fault, you can't get over that right away. That's something she's going to live with for a while, but she's doing the best she can to make it right for people, because of the things she did. Oh yeah, she's a very complicated NPC that we didn't get to express too much, but I didn't feel it was necessary either. Her strength and inner stoicism, I think, said volumes of where she was. I hope so. I don't think it's hard-- It's hard when you start, because when you begin running games, your comfort, your safety blanket, if you will, is the stuff that you have prepared. That's what makes you feel comfortable in the space. The more you play, the more you run games, the more you learn, that does bring comfort, but part of the joy is listening to the players, seeing what they do and change and actively alter what you've prepared, and finding ways to incorporate that into the things that you have already worked on and prepared. For me, the core idea is making sure you have a direction you're going, but be open and willing to take the choices and the decisions the players make and let that shift and alter what you have prepared and in many cases will surprise you and end up developing something much more deep and interesting than what-- You're only one person, your input in a vacuum is probably pretty decent. But the final product of having all these friends come together and eventually build the narrative that leads to this points, as long as you're paying attention and you're open to taking these subconscious suggestions they're throwing towards you as they develop the story, it'll end up being much more fleshed-out and being much more impactful for them, and they themselves will sense the impact they've had on the direction they traversed with this characters. You can't be too married to it, you want to have a comfort of an idea where you're going, but constantly be listening and taking notes about the things the players do and see how that would change the trajectory that you're planning, and let it, honestly, in a lot of cases. A big rule for me now is setting events and factions and a direction that will be happening concurrently with the game as they progress. Whether or not they intersect with them in certain times will gauge how they can influence the directions where those different factions or storylines are going. If they avoid them the whole game, then it'll definitely change whether or not they end up encountering multiple times and plucking those threads earlier on. For me, that's really exciting as a game master, is to see what the players can alter at certain times and surprise you. I don't solidly the plan more than one session ahead. I'll loosely plan arcs and maybe a few sessions outlined and possibilities, but session to session the players will make choices that'll change what you've prepared. Now it is either being a waste of time if you spent much time preparing it in advance, but you instinctively may be trying to railroad or push them towards something that you had been hoping would happen three, four sessions down the way, and sometimes that can work fine, but for me, it's more thrilling to let the players really guide their destiny a bit. It's more like a free-time thing. I do what I can with the time I have. Yeah, you'll see me change pieces between, based on the choices they make. Battlefields that’ll never happen versus where they're going and I'm like, "Shit, I have to re-jangle this." It's funny because sometimes they are eating and rehydrating and I'm a mad man in here going like, "Shit, ugh." Well, the new campaign will have a catheter so it'll be much easier. I'm glad we got that approved, by the way. It's a little expensive, right, you know. Well, for one, Ripley would never have acquired Orthax for herself. Ripley would have been stalking the party for a long time to try and scrape what information she could off of Percy. Probably trying to find some way to steal some of his weaponry or even try to steal pepperbox while it wasn't being tended to or they were sleeping. Orthax would have begun to push for the list, for completion, and would begin to have a stronger influence on Percival. It would have been to the point where certain scenarios where he would have moral decisions to let something live that was either on the list or was impeding his progress to vengeance that he would have begun to resist the will of Orthax. He may have begun to exhibit more fiendish capabilities and being offered more powers from Orthax, the more it began to consume him from the inside. I didn't develop it too far from that point, but that was the direction I wanted to go with it based on how long it was going to be around. I don't want to say harder on them, because the point of the game is for everyone to have fun, and that doesn't always mean making it harder. But challenge them more, I'd like to. I think, the area where the new campaign is happening has a lot more social ramifications for the choices they make. Just archways, which will be their new villain. To an extent, yes. I mean, 5th edition D&D was still new to me and them when we started streaming this, so there was a learning curve, through every level I was learning the balance and everything, and I've made mistakes here and there, and I learned a lot going through the campaign. Both on power levels and what makes an interesting encounter, while also not making it so hard to the point where it’s not fun. We've had slogs and we've had battles that fall on that category. But once again, that's part of the fun of playing this live, is not everything is going to be a perfect session. We're learning as you guys watch it, that's what I hope is part of it. I think so, because it's just us playing the game. There’ll be those things. I've learned a lot from it, the players have learned a lot. I feel confident in their capabilities now of being a little more tactical, of learning that not every battle can be won, some things are more about creative use of the battlefield than just running and doing damage. And learned a lot about preparation, and learning what you're up against before you jump into that also. And if not, they’ll learn that very quickly. I will say it'll probably be a lot more challenging. Also because, as is the nature of D&D, once you get to the higher levels, a lot of things can be circumvented easier. Death becomes more of a nuisance to a certain extent. The lower levels are definitely not that case. I'm both excited and very scared for the new campaign. We even ran our session zero with Laura, Travis, and Marisha and in one attack, Laura's character went to zero hit points. Against a giant constrictor snake. And I think that was a wake-up-call, as it should have been. We’ll see how that plays out. Or at least just be mindful. Yeah, how could you forget? Most of that-- I’ll try and be concise. Brimscythe loved and had fascination with corrupting human political structures, so Brimscythe had already, as General Krieg, unrelated to the whole Conclave incident, got himself ingrained in Emon's society and was basically just digging it out from the inside. That's why he had set a whole accommodation with a home there and a lair that was not too far off. Was out of just his own enjoying this degradation that he had created. Vorugal was an animal, a very powerful animal who was intelligent enough to get by, but was more fascinated with the hunt, was the thrill of the stalking and fighting. Imagine Vorugal very similar to Akuma, from Street Fighter, I guess you could say. A warrior who is very powerful, but has no goal other than to eventually find something more powerful than him to give him a real challenge. Vorugal was very much a similar mindset to that. I think Umbrasyl had been hunted enough from lair to lair by people that wanted to be rid of this black dragon scourge that had destroyed societies to the far west, and wanted an environment where he could rule without worry of being bothered or assaulted, and eventually hunted down. Raishan and Thordak-- although mostly Raishan-- brokered this idea that "If all of us "work together, we can wipe out most of the controlling society on this continent and the "immediate threat of Draconia," which kept very close tabs on a number of these members, "to just put us "in a position of power, with no opposition, and we can divvy up the land however we please, and then "go about our business and help each other out when we need to." Chromatic dragons don't work well together in a long-term deal, so it was a short term like, "we all do this together, then we all fuck "off to our four corners and we rule these four corners because we have wiped out opposition." That was the whole premise there. For Brimscythe, if he had survived, he probably would have wanted Emon for himself, but Thordak-- honestly, if Brimscythe had survived when the Conclave happened, Thordak would probably have taken out Brimscythe quietly, without the rest of the Conclave knowing. They never got there so I didn't elaborate too far on that one in the story but there had been a conflict there between those two. Yeah, I mean, I can go on, but there are other questions to get to. It's hard not to love Tary. Technically not a hag. They thought it was. I think I talked about this a little on one of the Talks Machinas, but this was another fey entity that was there, that was a half-corrupted, half-monstrous and half-beautiful woman. If they had spoken to this woman-- and I can't remember the name, I have it in my notes somewhere-- she could have given them information about Saundor in advance, could basically have informed them with more history of his corruption, what his quirks were, what he is seeking and would have given them possible knowledge that could have aided them in the battle, or to prevent a battle and there could have been a fully wits-based encounter with him. If they managed, after talking with her, convince him of his own folly and that he was not righteous in the actions he had taken, he may have felt so guilty that he would have just withered away and left the corruption to fade on its own without a conflict. She was that, but she was also an old-school ex of his from like a thousand years ago and they don't like each other anymore. She was excited to watch him fall, but it never happened. It was more of an interesting social encounter that if they navigated well it could have lent more information with the coming conflict. I can't either. (laughter) Yeah, that never came up in the campaign. Once again, I have it in my notes. Jarett was not a very well-to-do individual in Ank'Harel, wasn't a street urchin by any means, but was considered probably very lower class, and had through happenstance gotten involved with a very young girl who was of a very high noble status in Ank'Harel. They began to pursue this romance in private because, from what her parents and family wanted was to maintain a noble birthline and already had suitors and I'm pretty sure had an arranged marriage prepared for her at a certain point, and once it was discovered that they had this tryst going on for a number of months, he was going to be executed. He got the hell out of there. So nothing illegal, technically, by the heart, from the family’s concern there. He got out of there because he knew that if he made his way back there it probably wouldn't end well. It had been a while, he probably could be okay if he went back and looked different enough, but you know-- Oh shit, that was a whole thing that never happened. They would have to go to the Abyss. They would have had to have gone to the Maze of the Abyss where the goristro hailed from. That would have been scary as shit because they would have had to not just navigate the maze, they would have had to navigate the maze to get to the specific goristro that contained the Spire, which would have involved them finding some arcane means of tracking this entity, or making allies in the maze that could lead them in that direction. Let me tell you, making allies with demons always turns out well. (laughs) Yeah. It would have been complicated and very dangerous, so honestly, that was a very inspired use of the Gate scroll. When that item came up as a loot item, I was thinking it would be-- It was one of those systems for the DM, and I recommend this for a DM, sometimes you'll throw things in your campaign and you're like, "I don't know how or where they'll use this, "but I'm sure it will be interesting whenever it does come up." And it was their first real brush with 9th-level magic. I was excited to see how they were going to pull it out, and that was pretty inspired on their end. She wasn't a major player, but she was part of a structure of military development in Rexontrum, which is the capital city of West Wynandir of the Dwendalian Empire. Rexontrum! That'll show up in the new campaign. She was, on a medium scale, a developer of military technology. They were looking for ways to improve their dominance of that region. Kind of! But a little more of a Goebbels, I guess you could say. She was looking into, at the time, more arcane diseases and things that could be a chemical-warfare type of basis that was technically illegal at the time and was using human experimentation, unknown. When she was discovered, she was about to be tried for it, and so she fled. But in part of that process, she probably figured out that there was some bad blood between her and King Bertrand Dwendal, which is why he was on her list. And a number of individuals on her list were people-- I don't remember off the top of my head, but all these people were all individuals she worked with that were responsible for turning her in to the crown and getting her placed on a list for trial. She had some small-level magic as a lot of the higher-level members of Rexontrum and that area do and utilized what she had to escape and fled out of the kingdom over to the Menagerie Coast at Port Damali, and that's where she met the other fugitives, the Briarwoods. They had this unification of ideals and decided their purpose was to "Let's work together and see where this can "take us!" So that was that, and as far as her plans with Orthax, it was just her now fascinated with this new technology that she saw a lot of uses, and as this was the source of it, it seemed. What secrets did it not tell Percy yet, what was it holding back? And if she embraced this entity, what more could she learn from it that Percival would never, his moral code, allow him to make the sacrifice for? She was driven a little mad by that pursuit at that time. Oh man, I loved it! I was sad that she died in that battle. I knew it was probably going to happen, but I was hoping she would be a fun one to string along for a while and just be a recurring villain. She almost got away! Technically it escaped. She wasn't able to necessarily charm it to her, and if she had been able to succeed to convince it, the grey render would have bound itself to her. Grey renders do that. Sometimes they will pick an entity or a location they bind themselves to and will protect it at all costs. So the grey render would have become a force of nature that whenever she was in the area of Whitestone would protect Vex from the shadows and then continue to protect her bloodline. So any children she would have had, it would become the protector of the family. She didn't succeed at that, so instead it just continues to wander the Parchwood around Whitestone, watching over its young. So she did miss that opportunity, but that's fine, it happens in D&D, not everything is a success. Yeah, that's kind of it. No, that was completely by a serendipitous scenario. They hadn't even told me their intention over the break to develop this, the Slayer's Cake, at the time. It was the whole chat trying to be ridiculous and trying to get me to create an NPC called Troy Baker. That's where it came from. No. Named after the-- Yeah, exactly. Yeah, that one. I would watch so much more football. Or any. (laughs) It was purely a chat-based joke on trying to get me to name an NPC Troy Baker. I was like, "All right, it's a baker. Fine. It's a baker. I "give you that." And then when they did the Slayer's Cake, because I was trying to think how the assassin was going to ingrain themselves into the story. And that was the perfect in and I'm like, "Well, thank you for solving a problem I hadn't come up with an answer for yet. Fuck yeah." Oh, right! There would have been if they had brought any materials to craft or create something using the anvil. As part of the worship to the Allhammer that this location maintained, since the Allhammer no longer exists on this plane, it would be to create and craft something on the anvil and leave it as an offering to the Forge Guardian and the Allhammer's memory. So if they had brought anything, whether it had been any of the raw ore that they had found in previous rooms, and crafted something that was deemed a worthy gift, then they wouldn't have had to worry about the actual encounter with the Forge Guardian. But, once again, D&D! Devo'ssa's cover story with the people of Ank'Harel, no. Devo'ssa's cover extends to the general populace. But to mainstream leaders in other parts of the world that have had to work directly with J'mon Sa Ord and their presence in recent events, I don't think has blown any of the cover there. And they're all very well aware of J'mon's necessity to keep such things under wraps. I'm sure rumors will spread, but rumors have always spread. And whenever a rumor has gotten close to J'mon's existence, they've been very conscious to disseminate other rumors that would just clutter and cloud that same space. Almost like our current political structure. I'm not too terribly worried about it. For hundreds of years there have been theories that J'mon is a dragon. But there have also been theories that J'mon is a number of people that just pass through like an office. Like the Dread Pirate Roberts. Or that it's an alien entity from another plane that lives forever. There's been a lot of rumors. It's the film. It's an actual boxed DVD as the leader of Ank'Harel. Good job. That was purely out of need for money. Dr. Dranzel is not a leader of the Golden Grin, just a member. And it's a very well-hidden fact on his end. Only those who keenly paid attention to the campaign guide would have noticed that. I'm sure many. Dr. Dranzel is all about, as is the Golden Grin, uplifting the underdog and protectors of good in society. And Dranzel does so whenever the opportunity arises. He's kind of a passive member. More active in his youth. But that whole element was just basically going, "Hey, so "we need some cash. And I hear there's some things that are pretty pricey that no one's watching "over. Want to go get some?" It's an interesting point. I would say I don't tailor my stories to reflect the world, but I'd imagine, subconsciously, it's hard to avoid it, too. The world is filled with so much variety of conflict that no matter what you create in the story that has conflict, there's going to be parallels. Whatever is close to you is going to lead its way in some way shape or form into the work that you're doing. It's not just writing, or writing especially, a lot things that you do, they just find their way in. I think in hindsight there were elements in the campaign that I'm sure were, you know, things bleeding over. This upcoming campaign, just in the way I've built the world I'm sure there's been a lot that's bled into it as well. There'll be parallels. And you want to tell stories. For some people it's escapism. For other people I think it's a therapeutic way of dealing with the injustices of the world. I'm not trying to show an example of a perfect world. I'm not trying to be like, the world sucks out there so come to our place where everything's great! I'm like, the world there sucks. Come to this world where some things do suck but people are standing up and making a difference. People are trying to actively make the sacrifices that are necessary and stand up and be heroes in the face of injustice and probable loss because somebody needs to. And that's the tale I want to tell. I don't want to inspire people to ignore the darkness and find a safe space. There is an element of that. But I think in that space you can also teach people the importance of standing up for what's fucked up in the world around you and in what small way you can contribute to changing the things you're unhappy with. I think we've seen a lot of that in the community. We've seen a lot of that in storytelling in recent years in general. The good stories come from people that are frustrated with the world and want to make a difference and the only way they can is with a pen and pencil. Oh man! That's an interesting question. Strangely, no. It's coming together. But it's been a lot of months of percolating ideas and throwing things down. I think the hardest thing for me is outlining enough faction perspectives to flesh out a world but not have everyone feel like they're constantly at war. If that makes sense. We have all these various societies and factions that all have conflicting ideals and interests. However, they're not always battling. For me, it's a conscious development choice to find ways in which they have to coexist. Or find ways in which they have to agree not to-- Right. You know, with a long term idea of how to do I take you in the end. Or the mutual destruction type idea. Of like, you know, well if we both do go to war we both will probably kill each other. Let's best just hold this tension for now, we'll table this at the moment and come back to it later. History is a great source of these stories. You look at the history of humanity-- If you ever want to run a game and you want to get something a little more interesting and political, read history. I know it may have sucked when you were in high school, but I guarantee the older you get the more interesting history is, and there is some fascinating history in human civilization around the world. That too! Honestly, yes. So yeah. That's about as elaborate as I can get on the topic before rambling and boring you all. No. It was just going to be a weapon that was left behind and would have probably gone into some archive somewhere. I expected it may have been found, but also as you've seen in a lot of battles sometimes, in the throes of a very emotional sequence, loot will be forgotten. Or I expected somebody to pick it up, somebody who wasn't Percy, and be like, "This doesn't look good. "Let me go ahead and find somebody who can identify it." And be like, "Oh, this is bad!" and be like, "Fuck this," and throw it away. That was the more probable thing, but much like Grog finding the Deck of Many Things, sometimes the people you don't expect are the first to find the loot. I was like, if anybody finds the Deck, except for Grog, they'll probably be okay. Oh, right! (laughs) Not a lot, because not-- Oh, don't cover up! I mean, recurring NPCs? Not many, because either they stay in places that are safe, or they encountered them. Gilmore during the Chroma Fall, when the Conclave attacked Emon; Tyriok; their friends when they were going up Entropis at the end. If they had not managed to protect or deflect Vorugal's flyover of Whitestone, when they had put up the illusionary barrier and his return from Draconia, there could've been some bad stuff there, because he wouldn’t have attacked then. He would've flown up or pretended it wasn't there and then come back later on with probably two other members of the Conclave and wiped out a lot of Whitestone, and that would've been bad. It's not too often because I don't want them to continuously meet NPCs they've already met. There's probably NPCs they never met that probably died off-screen that they never encountered. Or there was that, yeah. The Herd of Storms, which technically is no longer called the Herd of Storms at this point, although the stigma around the title is a bit rough, they're doing all right. They're rebuilding, they're taking a little more of a peaceful trade and interacting with local society for goods and then staying to nature. A less dominant Kevdak-style of conquer, take, and ruin. Shale is not around anymore. Shale, according to Chris Perkins, and I'm not going to rob him of his character's end, probably fell down the mountain shortly after that battle and died alone somewhere in the Cliffkeep. By his own words! But Shale had done well, and she had lived a good life up to that point and contributed. Go Shale. Drink to Shale. The party put a lot more to that boat than there was. Yeah. Vorugal, who had just relocated to make the ruins of Draconia their nest then began to amass what goods were nearby, and so began to do flyovers of nearby villages and civilizations and grab whatever was there, kill whoever was present, and take it back and began to build a new hoard, and one of the things happened to be a ship that was out in the ocean that Vorugal destroyed partially and then took the rest of it back and then began to sift through what was inside, and over time began to freeze over. There was nothing too special in there, I would have rolled up some random magical items for it. I did have some random items rolled up for it, but nothing too crazy. But that's also one of the things I love about being a DM, is you can convince the party unintentionally of all the possible intents, story-based mystery about a scenario that literally is just a broken ship. Yeah. I largely prefer, and I put this in the campaign guide a little bit for those who want to use it, I prefer the Vestiges awakening at moments of either heavy character development, advancement, or a crux for their flaws or bonds, if you run those systems, or something that is so out of character and them embracing a level of adventurous heroism they wouldn't otherwise. Essentially, whenever you as the GM or the director of the game goes, oh man, this would be a fucking cool moment for this to awaken, you know? When the player surprises you with something, you're like, well, that's enough for this thing to start glowing and get more awesome. You know, I wanted to leave it kind of vague because to me it's up to you to find those moments. All of the Vestiges, I'm pretty sure, exalted in the campaign, but not everything they found was dormant when they found it, and this because I didn't want people at higher levels getting towards the end of the campaign comparably to have to get a dormant item and be like, oh, I have to awaken it and then I have to exalt it necessarily. I wanted it to be at certain levels, so I built in a system where if a Vestige is unattuned or unused for a long time it slowly reverts back to its dormant state. Some of them may have been already awakened when they found them, but hadn't been exalted yet and hadn't quite fully regressed yet. So, that was my way of dealing with that scenario. Yeah. I mean, you could do it. You could be like, when they kill their 20th creature or when they use this feature X number of times. Those are totally viable ways to do it. I think I have a suggestion of that in the campaign guide. But for me, it's more fun to wait for those heroic moments when a player surprises you and their party members and does something really cool, really in or out of character, or really elevates the narrative in a way you aren't expecting, and you're like, this is the moment where I reward you for that awesome moment with your Vestige reaching the next stage. Yeah. Yeah, totally. Yeah, that was totally an option. Galdric is one of the the, since being assigned by Vax, now is this perpetual guardian up until the end of his life of the surrounding Whitestone scenario, and has been through years of being kept inside the necklace and through blessings of the Raven Queen, probably has a much more prolonged life than a regular wolf would. So Galdric will be around for quite a while to keep watch on the woods. And if Vex decided to go call upon him, then yeah, totally. (laughter) Exactly. There you go. Perfect! Still one of the best! Oh! The one who was given the wishes by Grog? Well, like most people that suddenly come into a lot of money, spent a lot of it. He's well established, he's living fine. He didn't have a lot of aspirations with his Wish spells, other than more money, nice house. He's probably still holding onto his last Wish. Probably. Yeah. So with the influx of money-- he's not super high level, you couldn't wish for an exorbitant amount of money to the point where he's the richest person in Vasselheim. But he went from squalor to a very comfortable, mid to high level nobility and title and everything with the Wish. He's doing all right. But I think he's also tortured of what his final Wish is going to be and probably will never use it. Probably live the rest of his life unsure of what it should and then will probably die not knowing what it is. Oh shit! There's no history between the two. They hadn't met before that. I think it was more Gilmore realizing the opportunity to talk to what is one of the most mysterious, prestigious figures of his entire upbringing and culture. It was this opportunity for Gilmore to be like, "Oh, Mr. President. Let me shake your hand. And I've always wondered, what are your thoughts on this, and what are your thoughts on that?" I think it was less J'mon being interested in Gilmore, although happy to answer any questions that he has, I think it was Gilmore more being interested in what they were and what they had to say and just taking this one opportunity to shake hands with this majestic entity that would probably never happen again. So, that was that. There wasn't a long history, it was more Gilmore being like, "While you're here, can I take a selfie?" That kind of feel. Don't blame me. I will say on that part, there's been a lot of questions about it. Gilmore is fine. Gilmore is happy. Gilmore has, through the years, developed his business on a scale that isn't too fast and too expansive. Has found love, lost love, found love again. Gilmore is happy. So take that with you. Later in life maybe. But I think Gilmore loves the fabulous jawline too much. That's the best I could hope for. Thank you for that. For elevating us. Thank you, I'm hoping that. I will say these past two and a half, three months or so where we've been off the story, even with the one-shots, it's been really hard. I've really missed getting back to the table every week and playing a consistent story with my friends. So I'm really excited to get back to that. But also, for everyone who came through the story of Vox Machina with us-- That many years of character exploration and relationship development lead to where we ended that campaign. Do not expect the new campaign to start with that level of relationship development and investment! I mean anyone who's played D&D, it's gonna be a weird ride for the first beginning as everyone's figuring out their characters, figuring out each other's characters, figuring out the story and the world around them. That too, oh man. It's going to be fun. So, all I ask is come to have fun, come to watch us have fun, fumble around, and figure out where this is going and I hope you have a good time. Come sit by my shoes, buddy. You're amazing man, thank you. It's okay, we got some good Foster sternum in there. Oh God! Enjoy it now, while it lasts. I think you should, dude. Goodnight! Goodnight, guys!