Get a Comic Con booster seat. It'll be good. Hello, everyone! Can I just say how happy I am that this many people came out to join us on the godawful early 1030AM on a Saturday at Comic Con? That's amazing! (cheering) Glad you guys could be here for this. We're Vox Machina. We've never done anything the right way. (laughter) I know. All right. So. We've been working on this for a little bit, but we finally get to announce that we're making a Critical Role comic book. (cheering) It's okay. We had a bunch of artists thrown at us, but we wanted to pick somebody from the community where you've seen their incredible work. The one we kept coming to is an artist named Olivia Samson in the Critical Role art community, and she has agreed to be the artist for the first six-issue run. We have a couple examples here we can show you. Here's some of the early lineart that she's done. It takes place in Stillben in the surrounding K'Tawl Swamp. We have a couple pages where we can show the progression of some of the early art design and coloring. Over on the next page. There we go. Show some of the later-- No, this is just a couple pages, don't worry. Then we go to the next one. One of the early color layouts there. Yeah, that's the one. Then we move onto the actual character art layouts that she had done for some of the designs. And then the final example of what the final color and art's going to look like in the book. We're excited to give you guys this first look. That information is to come soon. I understand. We will have that information official to you as soon as possible. I guarantee you at least you'll see something in your hands by the end of the year. (Victor voice) I apologize if it's been at all difficult to have made a fool of myself in a public venue. However, I am happy to sell any sort of black powder to you if you come by my place. Hi Andi! (ominous voice) It's a shame he has to die. That was a fun one. Only because it took two and a half years for me to have happen and then it hit and then it lasted a year which may have been a little long, but you can't guide the length of the narrative in D&D. The Conclave arc, definitely, was a fun one. (cheering) (gasping) Lucy! Right. But if you could choose, what would it be? Oh. Kima as a wolverine. (cheering) In older editions, yeah. That is an aasimar, that's the two boys that you met-- Perfect. The frog guys? Spoiler, we're replacing Sam with George Takei. Is that when he retires from adventuring? (Grog voice) I'm good! Plenty of things to do! In canon, the Titanstone Pasties do have tassels. That's our next book release, is Vox Machina's guide to travel. Awesome, thank you so much. Awesome, thank you so much. What are your characters grateful for? I can't answer in 500 voices at once. It'd be very Lovecraftian if I did that all of a sudden, you heard 500 voices come out. All of your minds shatter together as one. Hi, Kristina. Oh, it's on now. The god of naps and free time. Good to see you again. We're, you know, shows are a big undertaking, and trying to get the logistics worked out are always difficult, both within locations and scheduling everything. We'd definitely like to do more live shows, so if we manage to put something together for that in the future, we will be happy to announce it and eagerly throw it in your face. Ooh. That's a neck-and-neck battle between Final Fantasy VI and Chrono Trigger. (cheering) Yeah, it was 16-bit. You got a Laura song. Oh my god, Vox Machina in Star Trek would be so horrible. (laughter) I'm not going to Dungeon Master your holodeck experiences, guys. I'm sorry. I got close enough with an audiobook once, and that was weird in its own right. That was an awesome question. Vax, if you are that intrigued, Alter Self, she can use at will. (laughter) #Vaxdoesntpoop. Next question. Right. I take a lot of inspiration from elements of that Vecna story, because Vecna's such an intrinsic villain to D&D lore. To change him too much would be upsetting to me. And a lot of you guys, as well. There is a lot of expectation there. So I want to make him unique to this campaign in this world, because he's definitely not the exact same character. There are elements of that that are classic lore that are pulled into this that may be revealed in the future. Especially now that we're releasing campaign guides and this has become a world now that we can bring to you guys to play in, I have to be careful to not pull in too much of the very licensed D&D lore. Otherwise, we would have to reskin everything and you all are like, "oh wait, which "one's which? Oh no." I'm trying to keep that to a minimum. But if you know a lot about Vecna-- Then don't tell them anything. Don't listen to her... The characters will die before you get artwork done. Yeah! Oh, way back then! Oh man. Sorry, what am I supposed to do at level 16? Some clown scared a family! Things get a little heavy in the later levels, but we'll get back to the carefree feeling probably in the next campaign. For me, I guess what I miss a little bit is the anonymity to go into the Dealers' Hall. But other than that, I wouldn't change anything. This is amazing. This is amazing. Well, now I can't do that costume. Thanks, Brian. For me? Surprised that people want to play there and everything's been reactionary. Creating the campaign guide was reactionary. That wasn't our idea. Green Ronin came to us; they were like, "You want to do a campaign guide?" Okay. So we're amazed that people have interest in them. Timed scenarios. D&D is a lot of planning and arguing and trying to figure things out, and there's game time versus planning time, and I love a scenario where I can tell the players, "well, "you have this much time to do both. Go." It ups the intensity, so I love me my hourglasses, definitely. Thank you! (McCree voice) It's about 34 minutes till it's high noon. (cheering) I am so conscious of what time it is at all times now. (laughter) Yeah, I've mentioned a little bit, I think. But the next campaign I'm planning to be roughly 20 or so years beyond the end of this campaign. And it's going to be in a different continent, and there's a possibility, depending on which characters and NPCs survive this final arc, they'll be existing somewhere in the world. Next question. Yeah. Seriously, calm down Taco Bells, definitely after an intense session. Like driving, scratch the knee. You want Taco Bell? (mopey voice) Yes. Okay. Why did you ever get the thought it was me going, "Oh. Done for the week." It's me going, "I'm sorry. It's what the story did." You want to talk about people that prod, though; Travis, every given moment turns to me and goes, "So what's this item do?" You don't know. And he'll go, "Ugh!"