These are Critmas gifts from Joe Manganiello for you guys. This is new dice for you to burn through. These are for you, Liam, Travis, and Ashley because you guys need to take notes so Marisha isn't the only one. And then you and Sam got afterthoughts. My car. Hey everyone! I'm taking my shoes off because I want to stink up the place. I was going to say it's weird that you don't have socks on. You're fine! Thank you! My eyes only. Jamie Herald Savage sent some cool custom elements that I can't show you guys in case they show up in the campaign at some point down the road. It has here stats for and some cool elements of creatures. So thank you very much. This is going to go into future use. What did you get, Taliesin? That is Taliesin porn. That is a direct hit. Show us some pages. Open it up, and show us some pages on the inside. Thank you for my fist warmer. What did you get? That's adorable. Oh my god. You are ultimate sempai, right now. All you need right now to is fill in your glasses with some white color so we can't see your pupils. Whoa! They made pearlescent Sixlets? Kieran. Kieran sent those. Oh, that's awesome! Thank you for that. You guys lose the ones I got you, it doesn't matter, but if you lose the ones a Critter got you... So hold on to that. I know, this is true. Anybody else want Sixlets off-camera? Got it, nice! Anybody else over there? So close! Sorry, we're having a Sixlets battle, apparently, off to the side, there. I would recommend you not ever shine those in my eyes, please. They're amazing. Marisha, you're opening right now? There is no color in nature that should be this vibrant. Kind of hard to see on the fire, but if I-- that is a little, that's a nuclear blue. And now it is inside of me. So. (singing) There is a thing here. Whoa, what is this? What the heck? That is awesome! Yay, I got a mixtape! That's amazing! That's brilliant. That's actually genuinely really brilliant. (laughs) I'll show you as soon as I get it all out. I'll show you once I get it all out, be patient! Guys, Emerita Colleen, elf. First off, great letter. I'm going to go ahead and read this offscreen, as per your request. However, she has made, by hand, some miniatures. Tiny rat Grog. She made these with actual removable sword of Craven Edge, which looks amazing. That's actually really cool and really well made, with his throwing hammer and chain of returning attached, which is fantastic. There is a little Pike that has her holy symbol and her mace, which is adorable. Little armor on and everything. And then for you, Laura Bailey, there is your Vex, right? You have to actually string your bow, but it's a bow with two arrows of dragon slaying attached. Isn't it adorable? So we will put these on the Talks Machina set until the corresponding individuals come to retrieve them. Thank you so much, Emerita. These are really amazing! I'm going to put them on set right now. It's made of gravy. I don't know what that means. It's been a long couple of weeks. I'm going crazy. Trinket on a bonsai. It says Trinket on bonsai. There's a bunch of pictures here of the minis they've made. Ooh, that's a rough choice. You pick. It's your choice, Laura. You have to decide. There we go. Oh, it's nice and warm. Slippery. I'm going to be an adult now and do a Tim Tam Slam, out of red wine. Pretty good, actually. Okay, the Black Forest Tim Tam slam with red wine, legitimately really good. I'm going to do the same. By the way, congrats on DMing Pathfinder. That's awesome, by the way. Aw, look at little Gilmore! Oh my god! He's amazing! Look at that man's majesty! I love his little cuffs! Oh my god, she looks awesome! You do, you have little sparkle earrings! Oh my god, Percy, yours looks so good! Yeah, they're a little warm. All right, do we just pick one? Sure, I'll take this one, whatever this one is. It's from Mark Ball. "Hi Matt. Lately, I've been having nightmares. In my dreams, you are playing the new "Mansions of Madness expansion, but with unpainted figures, or even worse, sometimes "professionally painted miniatures. These minis don't match up to the amateurish paint job that I "did on the core set. I don't want to live in a world where you have to play Mansion of Madness "with mis--" Oh! You guys have the actual, the original set with painted minis, which I still use? Oh my god! And donated $50 to the Nature Conservancy for Marisha Ray, which is fantastic, from Mark Ball. That's incredible! Mark, it's amazing! And the new Beyond the Threshold Mansions of Madness expansion. Wow. Oh, the minis! Oh! I'm so happy! Oh, wow! You make me a happy man, Mark! We haven't messed with the expansion. This is new to the second edition. This is all stuff we haven't played yet. Yeah, that's now your mini. I love the green gems together! That's so cool! That's so sweet! Oh, for Shaun? That's amazing. All right, we have a bunch of presents here from what looks like @ACL_TeamKilla that sent a bunch of bags of varying Skullsplitter Dice. Different colors and types, so Laura, you can tear through as many to your heart's content of various dice sets. We have two large bags, so you guys have plenty. We can go through and distribute. I'm going to put them over here. And a letter that I'm not going to say because he's nudging things that you players need to remember anyway. Who wants some Bilar? Sorry. They're like gummies. Yeah. It's not 20d4. I'll double-check. Oh my god, that's awesome. I've found the right note, so @AC_teamkilla is actually from Sweden, it says, "Greetings from "Sweden." And this is a box of their love and glory of Grog. So most of these gifts are for Grog, so the two big bags of dice? They're for Grog. The drinking horn in here? That's for Grog. So I'm going to put those in here, and you can bring those home to Travis, and he can enjoy and distribute as he sees fit. Gave me metal dwarven dice as well. That's fantastic. That is really, really cool. What?! That is incredible. Look at the leather-work on that! That's badass. Little holders, too! Let me check. I'll go get it. We're not going to tell him about it. He'll just find it with it on. I did it! It's on. That is ridiculous. What, the whole thing? It's got a nice heft to it. (laughter) Gnome strength. What is in the thing? What are you finding in the thing? What? I love the frame on this. Where a bunch of nerdy-ass voice actors roll dice and play Dungeons & Dragons. Aw! That's fantastic. Progress is occurring. (singing) Freedom! Sweet freedom, freedom! You've got to give what you take. Whatever it was is in seven pieces. It's just a small door. It would make so much sense. I'm so curious now. What? It's a guitar. (yelling) What?! (Gilmore voice) "That is glorious. What else can you say but, that's glorious?" "Now you know where to shop, am I right?" That is incredible! Look in the back, it has our symbol engraved! Elliott Cole, incredible work, Elliott! That is amazing! One day at home I'm like, "You know, just make up some magic shop with some dude named "Gilmore." Years later-- That's amazing. It's a bit big for one of those. I just want this in front of our house now. It's incredible! Holy shit! Oh man, it should live on set for a little while at least. Then I'm going to take it home. I can't function right now. It's done really well. Have you seen it up close? "There once was a DM called Matt/He could swap characters at the drop of a hat/His city he "burned/But his trust was returned/And his story never once fell flat." That's amazing! Thank you so much, Vee, these are so cute! They're all shirts of my face. What? What?! That's incredible. Layering all the sweaters right now. Multi-hood. I'm multi-hooding. Yeah, you're not wrong. This is ridiculous. And we got chocolates from her, too. Thank you, Vee, you're amazing! It's Vee. You don't know what Vee is. I just like making Max do stuff, actually. From @lightningsource, the book of-- what? What?! 5e game supplement, The Book of the Tarrasque. No, no, he's fun, he's the teddy bear of D&D. No. That one, you mean? That's so cool! It's like a tarrasque coloring book/adventure module-- oh my god, this book is so cute! It's so awesome! With a foreword by Ed Greenwood. Yeah, baby. Got some Forgotten Realms blood in this. I'm genuinely excited because the base rules for the tarrasque in 5e are all right, but there are some cool elements of the tarrasque from previous editions that didn't make it in. This has a whole separate page for optional tarrasque rules, which include things like its tiered regeneration, which I kind of miss, and other cool elements. The rush-- oh my god, trample-- (cackles) I'm so excited! This is so cool! I didn't know this book existed! I'm so happy! Who sent this? I don't know who sent this. This is from @lightningsource. I guess? I'm looking! Whoever sent this, you're amazing, thank you! I don't see. Tell me. Message me or e-mail me. Thank you, that's so awesome. (off-screen laughter) Taliesin, you can laugh at me if you want. What? I got a-- "Guaranteed forever, Husky utility knives". That's actually extremely handy. Well, thank you, whoever sent utility knives. Oh, there you go. Here we go. There it is. "Hi Matt. After watching you post Christmas "holiday on Periscope with Marisha and Taliesin and Brian, I thought these might come in handy. Love "the show and everything you do. Please avoid needing stitches. Casey Wall." Yep, you knew exactly what I was talking about. Those are actually going to be really handy. That's so awesome. Thank you so much. Yeah. We kept losing ours, and we couldn't find the one of the two we had, and then two disappeared. Thank you very much. Thank you, Vicky. Mine has the Witcher symbol on it, I'm so happy. It has the medallion. That's fantastic. Too many heads. Got an awesome Matthew bottle opener. Sorry, I'm still going through Vicky's present. When the DM smiles, it's already too late. That's awesome. Mercer '82. It's about time you finally admitted you had a problem, Laura. These are so cute! Oh my god. I love the bag, too. These are from Dennis Archimbault Jr. I should not read things from the side. Dennis Archimbault Jr. sends a bag that is-- it's a pizza box. Oh, what? Oh my god. This is a person's entire Warhammer ogre army collection, handpainted by them. All of their individual Warhammer ogre minis. This is awesome. They said they haven't touched them in about five years, so "in interest of the minis finding a better life than spending "eternity on a shelf, decided to bequeath them unto you." I hit my microphone, sorry. These are amazing. These handpainted ogres. Dennis, not only did you do an amazing job on painting these, but I have all the ogres-- oh yeah, I know that guy. That's incredible. The ogres are some of the cooler models in the old Warhammer fantasy stuff. That one, let's pull it out, let's see what he's all about. There he goes. He's got like a standard with a little goblin riding on his back. That's so cool! Dennis, you're amazing! I will take good care of this. Thank you so much. Oh, I was just assuming we'd both be bag people eventually. I make no illusions. We live in the Valley, we die in the Valley, all right? Thank you so much, Dennis. Dennis, oh my god. Oh my god. The Conclave is complete! Read the letter. Oh, don't worry. I love in the back it's written here "HDYWTDT, Kerrek, 1-27-2017". They signed it. "They have weathered the Iron Storm, starved the Hope Devourer, thawed the Frigid Doom, "eradicated the Diseased Deceiver, and extinguished the Cinder King. They are Vox Machina." (cheering) You were my favorite villains. I was hoping you'd live until the next campaign. Yeah. That's okay. It was a fitting end. You did in the long run. How cool is that? Check it out. It's pretty light, actually. Thordak's the big, heavy one, as it should be. Don't you even worry. We're not fighting with the dragon heads, they're just intimidation tactics. Yeah. We'll figure it out. Oh, is this something? Well, no, I'm thinking, now that we have all the heads and if we get the new set finished, we might put them all up in the new set. Marisha. "Hey, Marisha and Matt, congrats on your engagement. Couldn't be happier for the two of "you. Here's a gift to commemorate the occasion. Hope you enjoy it. All the best, your friendly "neighborhood Bonertown." Right there should be fine. Oh. What! Marisha. Marisha. Turn that to the camera. That is incredible. "To Critical Role, from Kyle Jackson." (laughs) Yes! We have an updated one. "Mercer & Four Eyes & Antlers & Taryon Darrington & Doty & Short Stuff "& Jumbo & Little Elf Boy & Little Elf Girl & Friendly Bear." That is brilliant. Well, I'm wearing that on Thursday. You know what? When I find time, I'm going to get him back so hard. This is a precursor. This is an accidental venture. I have things planned. This one here? That's awesome. Mine's Creamsicle! Thank you so much! This here is from Scott Ismael. All right. Maybe. It's big things. Oh my god. Go, box. Go. That's my girl. Not today, not tomorrow, not ever! Wow. Wow! That's badass. Scott, this is amazing. And a perfect example that there are many if not all crafts that are artistic in their own way. This is a brilliant piece of woodworking, and I am honored. That is fantastic. He made that, yeah. I don't know. I will look back in the paper. He does not say. Don't neglect the brain. Thank you so much. That's amazing. Or it says, "Open now or you will be cursed for seven years." First Book, Nature Conservatory. Nope. In fact, few things bring us more pride than the fact that you guys are giving back to the world and helping those who could use help in many different facets in the name of nerdy roleplaying games. Multiple notebooks. Yeah! It makes me very self-conscious about my handwriting. Thank you guys so much! You're amazing.