Jumping in-- Apparently that's my intro music. Hey, I'm glad I have one at least. Thank you.  I've heard stories from friends and such, but I've only done one escape room challenge  that was a lot of fun. If possible.  Not that I don't believe in your ability, but-- Yes, please. Yeah, well done. Oh boy. Okay, uh--! My first thoughts walking into that room were okay, this is my bailiwick.  This is my realm of expertise. Tarot cards over here as well. Gift of Flight-- these are different potions, possibly? I cannot imagine that all of these are gonna be useful. That's what we're trying to see here. So we have-- There are a lot of spells. There's a spellbook, there's the little sheets of paper that have spells on them. For now, let's put these out here. Yeah, we got numbers as well. Hey guys, we're pushing the 20 minutes.  We reached a point where we had been running around, floundering.  We found a lot of pieces to things that we didn't quite know how they fit together. We're floundering a little bit here. Do we want to go ahead and try and  at least get a helping hand to maybe get on the right path? Knowing that we could continue to do this for next 15 minutes if we aren't careful,  I think we all began to realize that it's best to just use this helping hand now. The cards should go in the slots based on the order they are. So "D"-- Yeah. Correct. I've drawn these. That is a "A." I'll take half of it, here. Death, got it. Oh, right here. It says-- "Eth topnoi fo sncseipua." Awesome. A-U-P-I-E-S-C-N-S. Makes a lot of sense. A-U-P-I-E-S-C-N-S. We immediately had to just shout out the letters and try and figure out  what the actual phrasing was. Hopefully. Those are the letters that are there. "Gain might to wrench from stone--" We find this list of ingredients to make a potion. How about this? "The sorrow of a fiery beast and essence of a spider's feast." Let's see. "Drops of water undead's bane," so holy water. I'm glad that Matt is here because he's really good at interpreting  what a lot of these sentences even mean. See if you can find holy water. "Deep blackened sea night's stain." There we go. "Mind of beast lacking haste"? A slow creature. Sloth brain, perfect. "And a touch of something sweet for taste." Sugar? That should work, yeah. "Acridness to curl the tongue"-- "Acridness to curl the tongue." Castor oil could work, actually. "The finishing touch must be sung." Where's the funny bone dust? Yeah, mix a little bit in each one. Funny bone, that one there. We have the funny bone, the dragon's breath just went in,  we have the spider's feast now, which would be the-- Uh, ink is next. The deep blackened sea night's stain.  So, put the ink in. "Mind of beast lacking haste," the sloth brain. "Touch of something sweet for taste." I don't see anything else that looks sweet. It's "the sorrow of a fiery beast," you don't see like dragon's tears or anything. "Acridness to curl the tongue." Acid-y, bitter, awful to the taste.  Apparently, it means "acidic." Hey. Brilliant. Hornclump juice and pus. Yeah. Y'know what? Let's go ahead and add the acromantula whatever it is to there,  just fuck it. It's supposed to give us strength. "The finishing touch must be sung"? Hornclump juice and pus. Yeah. Y'know what? Let's go ahead and add the acromantula whatever it is to there,  just fuck it. It's supposed to give us strength. "The finishing touch must be sung"? Oh, sung! We have vocal cords-- I saw something here that was-- Thank you. For someone to get the might. If no one's gonna do it, I'm gonna fucking do it.  I'm watching Matt drink this and I'm like, "I don't know if you're supposed to drink this." All right. Probably. Well, we'll see if it works or not. See if it'll allow it. No! I think the thing that went wrong with this potion is, um-- I have no idea. It might be the acridness. I think we used maybe the wrong ingredient, one of the wrong ingredients.  Maybe it was that acrid thing. Adding vinegar to it. Oh, that's terrifying. "--by mixing dust of funny bone, the sorrow of a fiery beast,  the essence of a spider's feast, drops of water (undead's bane),  deep black and [JENGA] stain." Holy water. Oh here we go, I got it, I got it! For the holy water. Sorry.  It's part of the spells for it, that's-- I'm so dumb for not seeing that.  "To change water into something blessed is a simple task. Do not feel pressed.  Simply raise the bottle to a light and chant--" Where do we have light?  Oh, there! Of course it's Matt who figures out that you have to bless the holy water. "Benedictus aquaticus." We shall see! I want Matt to be my priest all the time. There you go. Going to add a little bit of the ink here as well. Sloth brains. That's going to be the peppermint. Vinegar. No, we have to put the ground vocal cords in there. All right, mix that up.  Oh, that is disgusting! We're pretty sure we put all the pieces together for this potion.  We've got the holy water functional for us.  [MATT, offscreen] But something isn't working, still. No matter how hard we try. And redo it. It's not working.  Thankfully, Marisha finds a note. ♪ I take responsibility for this failure ♪ I will say that for all the dread and disappointment I was feeling in myself  through all that puzzle-- It has-- uh, the sword doesn't say anything. I had to start wandering around the room searching little things that  maybe haven't been discovered yet. Ah-ha. We got a wand and a scroll. Okay, okay. It looks like it's upside down. I know we're in trouble. We don't have a lot of time. There's another scroll here. --that tells us that we have to cast a spell with the wand that we found.  Good times. Looking for a magical amulet. Yes, a magic amulet. [CHRIS, offscreen] Bonus puzzle is just these scrambled-up words, and then there are all these little glyphs that you had to interpret. Oh, is this the amulet?! Yes, the amulet! We got it! "Invertum illuminates!" For each moment of this, there's that little pause and hoping that something happens.  And more often than not, it doesn't, and you get kind of sad. Okay, so each of these corresponds to one of these runes. I turn around and there's, like, disco lights on the wall and so much has happened.  Matt's wearing an amulet and I don't even have a clue of what's happened  in the last five minutes. So what do those correspond to? What order should they be in? The compass and the "W" with the line. So it's five. [MATT, offscreen] We get all these pieces and we put them on the table in the proper sections  where the roman numerals on the wall said that they were supposed to be placed-- The bell.  Once again that awkward, tense moment hits, and I hear that "click." Once per soul, chant the spell until the evil sounds its death knell."  Do we have a banishing spell in here? Fuck yeah, Chris! I mean, I think I pretty much saved the game. Hats off to him, man. He has proven himself to be a very important member of this team,  in spite of his own thoughts. Read them all together. It's this one here. Okay, "To banish evil, conjoined be, arranged in banded geometry." Once per soul,  chant the spell-- we all have to do it in order! So you did it now, Marisha, go! And we all start saying the spell. "Dimisisti inimicum, meum in tenebras, exteriores!" And...? Nothing. Okay, "banded geometry" I would imagine be putting them together, but-- "Conjoined be, arranged in banded geometry." Oh, do we need to repair this? Evil's not that bad. Yeah! [laughs] Worth it. Yeah! I was, you know, I'm happy we got as far as we did. [nerdy voice] To be fair, Dungeons and Dragons rules, even just moving water can be dangerous  to certain undead, so, um, just putting that out there.