You guys have been amazing. This is amazing. We'll be playing this for the next three hours. Come hang with us. Let me meet you over at my table. Magic. Dungeon master magic. Although, however, I'm not a dungeon master today. Today, I am a marshal. Because we're playing Deadlands Reloaded. For those of you who aren't familiar, Deadlands is one of my favorite settings, called the Weird West. And we're playing Deadlands Reloaded, which brings it over into the Savage Worlds system, which I've had to learn over the past few days. So bear with us. It's going to be a rusty run for a lot of us, learning and picking up things. We'll probably going to get a shit-ton of things wrong, and that's okay, because we're going to have fun while doing it. Anyway. We're playing Deadlands. And to give you guys the idea behind the world that we're playing in, this takes place in the 19th century. Around 1864, an event called the Reckoning transpired. What had happened is, as the people of America began to push further west, pushing a lot of the Native Americans out of their land, and a bunch of terrible things happened to their people and their tribes, a number of disgruntled shamans and members of those tribes came together and essentially did a giant shamanic ritual to tear a hole between this world and this extraplanar world of dark magic, introducing entities called Reckoners that want to pass into this world, and can they only do so by elevating fear into this world. It also introduced magic. It introduced a bunch of really weird, creepy things into the old west, causing the Civil War to run longer than it did in history, as well as a bunch of other ridiculous circumstances. Nevertheless. That is the setting that this game will take place in. Before we get started, I want to go over a few rules for you guys so you know what this charity stream is all about. We have some cool things called fate chips, which I'll get into here in a minute. The fate chips, players and myself can use to alter the circumstances in the game. A black fate chip-- sorry for those of you who know the rules, I didn't have any white chips, but they work the same as white chips-- the black fate chips can be spent by players to re-roll a single trait or skill roll they're attempting to do. It's a one-time reroll. The red chips can be used to instead add a d6 to whatever trait or skill roll they just made, but in using that red chip, I get to pick one to add to my pool over here as the marshal. A blue chip, which is probably the strongest of them all, allows them to add that same d6 to a trait or skill roll, but I don't get to pick a chip out of there. That's pretty cool for them. However, some of my more powerful creatures or individuals in the game may have their own set of fate chips. And if you donate, looking at the list, you can go ahead and provide additional fate chips to the players or me. Stack the deck however you feel it needs to be stacked. Trust me on this one. You start with three of each. We're going to get to that here in a moment. So. As it stands, if people want to donate and affect the game, you can donate a hundred bucks to give one of the players a black fate chip. You can donate $150 to donate a red fate chip to a player of your choice, $200 to give a blue fate chip to the player of your choice, or $200 to give me a fate chip of my choice, to use against the players. Because I'm the marshal! I make the rules! Possibly. Sometimes the rolls can be better than additional ones. We'll see. I can only assume so. What have you done? What have you done, Laura? In our final tier for this donating section of this wonderful drive is if you donate $500 or more, you get to add a single-sentence element to the story currently. And the moment it comes into play, it will be incorporated to and adjust the current moment of the story's narrative, based on your suggestion there. Try and be somewhat respectful with that. We've had some crazy things happen in the past that completely derailed the game and that was fine for our Extra Life game, which was crazy to begin with. This one-- if it's a little crazy, I may tweak it a little bit to fit into the narrative because I have to try and fit it somehow, but I'm going to try to facilitate to the best of my ability everything you guys suggest. Yeah. No Deck of Many Things in this, please. That is the tier system we have in here for this. To begin this circumstance-- Well, actually, before we do this, Laura? Let's go ahead and introduce everybody's characters, if you don't mind. Marisha, why don't you begin? She's a mutt. She's an Eastern European mutt. Grew up in the Bronx. It's awkward. Liam! Who are you? All right. Laura. Who are you playing? Travis. Who are you playing? All righty. As a heads-up to all of you guys watching, by the way, if your children are in the room and you don't want them hearing a lot of curse words, there's going to be a lot of swearing during this game. Just a heads-up. All right, so. Let's go ahead and divvy up some of these fate chips. I need each of you guys to go ahead and pull three at random out of this. Two reds and a black. Bowl's here. Correct. Now, I'm going to go ahead and pull a few here for myself. Also, as a fun little quick here to start us off, so Laura's character took one of the edges called Veteran of the Weird West. Which gave her some great opportunities, she's a more seasoned character than the rest of them, she's seen more about the world, but in doing so, some strange, interesting circumstance in her background is going to come into play, so I've shuffled these cards, and I want you, Laura, to randomly select one of them, if you don't mind. Take your pick. Three of hearts, so looking at the table, here. Sure, because why not? You chose the Hunted card. Something or someone that you didn't finish the job on is currently trying to find you. We'll see how that works out in the long run. (cackles) All right, so. This conversation all takes place in a carriage, as the four of you are currently riding to your destination for your different purposes and different reasons, which you may discuss at your own leisure, or not, or make up at your own leisure, or not. The four of you have been traveling for days in this hot, humid, muggy carriage, to your final destination of Deadwood, South Dakota. Founded in the Deadwood Gulch at the discovery of gold by an expedition by Custer in 1874, they had to abandon the government's incursion to seize these gold veins when the effects of the Reckoning, and the ensuing quakes, began to swell in the western regions of the United States. But word of the rich veins still found their way to the public ears here and there, and folks seeking quick money and an escape from the mounting chaos of the still-dragging civil war swarmed into the gulch to raise up this lawless city of gold, sin, and vice. Managing to be far enough away from politics, rumors still find their way to this rugged town of strange goings-on in the world, tales of slain Yankee and Southern soldiers rising from the muck post-battle, of shadows moving in the night to steal children. Of mystics, calling spirits to do their bidding. Even so, the people of Deadwood are toughened already by harsh, untrusting reality, and such folk tales have no place in a man's world. The sun has just set as the denizens of Deadwood scatter to the bars to get shitfaced. (loud bang off-screen) Already got one? OFF- Oh no. (laughter) Pardon me a second. We've already got some amazing donations, I have to read them all. There we go. "All players start the scenario--" Uh-oh. Apparently. You guys spend the evening resting within the Bella Union. After drinks and relaxation, the next morning's sun rises, and you all realize you've all woken within the same bed as the others. Not necessarily recalling what the evening before entailed, but. It's at this time you all realize you've slept in rather late in the day, as it's now apparently-- (McCree voice) It's high noon. Hold on, I'm trying to keep up here, guys! (laughter) I know, it's all good, it's all good. We'll begin the game here in a moment, once I get through these. You guys-- oh, and I also receive two random joker cards. So I have two jokers. So. Those joker cards can be used in place of a poker chip. We'll say the black on that one. All right, let me reset here and make sure I get to the other ones. (laughter) All awkwardly waking up at (McCree voice) high noon (normal) you awkwardly gather your things, finding yourself, the music in the distance as the Bella Union is beginning to come to life again. You can hear a piano playing and some laughter, you hear some loud carousing on the other side of your door to the inn, the second floor of which you now currently are awakening. As you guys step out at your own individual pace, you pass by a gentleman who's on the second-floor balcony staring down into the main thoroughfare of the Bella Union-- DONATION --a dark maroon coat and pants, short, grey-ish hair, an intense dark mustache, and a very, very angular face. He looks angrily down amongst the people. And you can see at the tables, the gambling tables are alight this early in the day, and there appears to be a very intense game of cards going on, and people are gathering around, looking to see what the next stage is going to be during this game. You guys go down to find yourselves a drink? Drinks first, or game first? All right. You guys each throw a dollar down. You go ahead and get yourself a very fine pouring of some whisky. The guy at the bar hands the drinks over and goes, "Yeah, you would want a sarsaparilla, "wouldn't you? Tell you what. It's on the house." "Black coffee? That can be provided." You drink your fine, fine alcohol, which enables you to have a black chip. So. As you guys begin to gather around this poker game, you look down and you can see folks are tense and looking over. They're starting to cheer. Some folks are making their own side bets off the circumstance. The visible layer of tobacco smoke is beginning to cloud the upper atmosphere of the Bella Union. It's very palpable at this point. Looking in, you can see four men at a table that are all very intent, and one gentleman who's very well dressed, similar in fashion to you. A very nice light gray suit, a very well-trimmed goatee, balding on top, with very short-cut hair on the sides, and a little pair of spectacles at the end of his nose. He's looking at his cards with a big smile. Everyone starts putting the last of their bets into the center. There are two other gentlemen you can see, that both look greasy, like they haven't really slept in a long while, covered in dirt and crud, but they seem to have a large cache of chips at their side. Probably some of the various claim workers out here outside of the town. And you see one of the gentlemen is wearing a top hat, similar to the one that you're wearing, with a fine, long mustache, handlebar out, a portly, older gentleman, looking at his hand. "Oh, hell. I'm "going in." One of them goes "all right!" and pushes in. (laughter) The inspiration of seeing all this energy, you being away, inspires you to go ahead. Have yourself another black chip. You guys watch as suddenly they all throw their cards down. Full house. Pair of queens. Got a bunch of different cards, and all of a sudden it comes to the well-dressed character, who looks a little nervous now, and goes, "Hmm. Straight flush." And everyone goes-- big upset. Loud uproar. You can see now as the guy with the long mustache goes, "Oh, hell." Throws his cards down and gets up from the table angrily and turns around to walk away. The two other gentlemen at the table glance out the side of their eye as one of the guys you see at the edge of this table game, an older, hunched-over gentleman with glasses at the end of his nose and a smearing of black powder across his face goes, "I love poker! It's the most crazy game ever!" (laughter) "Thank you very much. That man knows what he's talking about. I'm not cheating! You've seen "me play cards in front of you! This has been an amazing game." At which point you can see one of the guys who lost in the game immediately goes for a swinging punch towards the guy holding the-- who won the actual last pot. And with that, whack! Cracks it right across his face. DONATION "All right!" he says as he punches him down. Suddenly a giant brawl begins to emerge in the center of this room. You can see people throwing hooks left and right. The guy who currently won the game is trying to grab the chips he has off to the side as you can see the two guys at the front of the guard of the Bella Union rushing in and trying to hold folks down. Seeing this chaos... That was a good catch. Meant to be. All this is breaking down. You can see punches going left and right. People falling down. The guy who had his chips in his arm gets socked again and lobs them into the table. Folks start scrambling for them. Go ahead and make an agility trait check, if you don't mind. Five both times? All right. You manage to pocket what would be about $200 worth of poker chips from the ground. You start getting in the fray there. All right, Stinky Jules. Who are you going for? You can see a bunch of different people. The one that was cheating? All right. DONATION All right! (laughs) This black chip goes to the new thief. That's the chip you find. That one is off the table. All right, so the guy's "Please, I'm just trying-- I won it fair "and square!" Go ahead and make a fighting roll. Whatever your fighting dice is, plus-- Your fighting skill. Roll 2d6 and take the higher of the two. Two? You swing towards him and he dodges out of the way. "Oh, dear!" Grabs what he can of the poker chips and darts out of the saloon. Sure! As you're grabbing things? Go ahead and make a strength check. A four? You reach out and you grab towards his leg, and he trips over as you yank out the ankle from underneath him. He goes spilling. All the chips go scattering onto the front of the Bella Union. And you can see, while the guards are currently inside dealing with this fight that's broken out, there's nobody outside to guard it. A couple people on the street look over and, "Is he "all right? Sir, are you all right?" They start coming towards him to his aid. He turns around and looks at you and goes, "Why would you do that?" "Thank you. Help me gather these things, please, before they take my hard-earned winnings!" You guys begin gathering up into the hats, getting all the poker chips into the various hats. The guys who were now brawling have been calmed down at this point. You can see now the guards have their pistols out. One of them fires twice into the ceiling of the Bella Union, sending dust and little bits of plaster debris to fall. All the fight ends as one of the guys is now shouting, "Everyone! Calm your shit. And you're all kicked out for now while we assess what the hell just "went down." You see the man who was looking over the top of the balcony now has risen up over the edge and goes, "Thank you, my good man. All of you, understand we only want civilized folks here "at the Bella Union. The man won fair and square. Give him his earnings. And if I see any of you try "and throw a punch in here again, you're banned from gambling in my establishment." As you begin walking upstairs, both of you carrying your hats and his nose in the air a bit, walking with you, giving you a smile, and, "Thanks, brother. I appreciate the assist." As you pop upstairs, you, keeping watch, feel a strange sensation touching your left shoulder. You glance over and see a wild monkey. A small monkey that curls up next to you. (chittering) Go ahead and make a notice check, yes. DONATION It's her shoulder. All right. It is indeed a real monkey. It is a straight-up real monkey. On all checks. If you roll a maximum of the die, you roll again and you add it to. There's your black chip, by the way. Oh, man. You guys are going to be fine in combat when we get to that. So. You at this point look over and see the monkey. This is a live monkey, and as you look in, it reaches in and grabs the edge of your earlobe and whispers into your ear, "Do not "worry. I've got your back." You guys look over. There's no monkey. As you throw the monkey to the ground, he goes-- (angry noise) Climbs back up onto your shoulder and says, "Why would you do that to me? I'm here to guide you!" As you're walking, you pass by the guy who had the nice top hat and the mustache who's sitting there, and he has an apron on and he looks like, sleeves rolled up, a working fellow in the camp in his later forties, and you hear him mutter to himself, as I get a red chip, "That fella damn "well cleared out the Gem last week and looks like he's taking this place for all it's worth. Last "time I go gambling in a while." "I'm only assuming he's cheating. He came into this town no more than a couple weeks back, "and damn well took all the Gem was worth before coming here a week later." "He was." You're walking up the stairs away from this. You're actually helping this gentleman up to put stuff in the room. He goes, "I don't know his full name, rightly so, but from what I've heard, he refers to himself as Simon. Yeah." "Doesn't he? Sounds like a northern chap. I've got to go, well, see what else I can sell to "make up for this debt from today. Excuse me." Turns around and says, "By the way, if any of you "guys want to come by my place, we also have poker there. Not quite as upper-class as this, but we "have fine drinks, cheaper than you'd find at this place." "Oh, it's down past the main thoroughfare to the left. It's by the alley side there." And he adjusts his hat. "The Number Ten Saloon is what you're looking for. Nice fine sign, yes. Recommend it. "Any time." And he turns around and starts to leave. "Call me Manatou." Curls back up into your hair and seemingly becomes weightless for a moment. You don't sense him there. It's like he vanished. Stacking the deck over here for me, guys. You make your way up to the room and the gentleman goes, "I greatly appreciate this. Thank "you so much for your aid. If I could have my chips, please." He's going to go ahead and look keenly into your hat. I'm going to use a chip for that. Yeah, go ahead and roll-- do you have a stealth skill? I think you roll a straight agility check. Just go agility. See how quickly you can maneuver this. Okay. DONATION "I greatly appreciate your help. Everything appears to be good here. And what is your name?" Shakes your hand. It's a limp shake. "Well, I'm also new here. I can see by your appearance that you also are new. Your clothes are "far too clean to have been here." "Yes, it's dusty, even for winter out here. Yes, well, Simon Tyrell." "Here, I'm finding my way. I'm a retired business manager from Boston, but I came a long "way at the behest of my cousin and I heard that there was quite a booming gold trade in this city, "so I came to, after building my luck up and getting a small cache of money, realizing that I "had a knack at this game called poker, and apparently poker here can be very high-stakes, "and, well, so far so good." "Happily, happily. Good to hear from that. We shall be in touch. Where are you-- are you "staying here in this--" "Right. Okay. I appreciate that. We'll be in touch." And he goes to put his hat on. (chuckles) "Close." Leaves the room, closes the door behind him. You have got $60 worth of chips that you managed to pull out of that, and a red chip to Laura. So. You guys regather yourselves. You've had a bit of chaos in your-- DONATION Okay. Go ahead and make a medicine check. Healing, this would be healing. d8 and a d6, take the higher of the two. The first guy you walk up to is one of the guys in the bar fight. You can see his eye's fairly swollen, looks like he has a cut lip and one of his arms is-- he's massaging a heavy, swollen bruise on the side. As you approach him, he's sitting at a table. What do you do? DONATION "Look, I don't mean any disrespect, here, I'm just weird with medical stuff. I prefer to be "holistic. Heal on my own." "That's right." "That's even stranger. I'm not going to lie--" And he leans in to you and goes, "Sorry, I "noticed you carousing with that there foreigner, and I saw her speaking to the spirits and mumbling "to herself, and--" You don't actually hear, you're just out of earshot of this, unless you want to make a notice check to overhear. Make a notice check, actually. Black chip for Laura. They're loading you up. You overhear this even from a distance with your keen ears. He says, "I have friends that come from "eastern Europe, distant family member, we'll say. There's something about her accent that's wrong." Make another notice check, and you, make a persuasion check. Okay, he goes, "All right. Go ahead and see what you can tend to." As you start tending to him, he starts whispering to you to the side. You try and size him up. He looks like a brutish guy who probably works in the mine quite a lot and has made a lot of gold on the side that he probably lost a bulk of in recent days. He's very noticeably frustrated by the circumstance. "Oh, this religion shit." Okay, make a faith check. You add a d12. Yeah, if you'd like to use a black chip. Go ahead, toss it to me. Thank you. Just reroll the 12, yeah. Okay. That's with a raise, too. As you touch your hands, "I understand... What the "fuck is going on?" You can see as this light envelops him. People in the room glance over with a strange look in their eyes. You see tears well up in his face. He's like, "I believe--" "I'm sorry. It's just really scary these days. There's a lot going on. I've got to get out of "here. I don't want them to see me cry." And he stands up and stomps out of the Bella Union. DONATION Sure. You-- Make a general persuasion check for the room if you could. You find your way back down. The gentleman you guys saw who went upstairs, at this point, has now exited from the upstairs room, down the stairs. He gives a smile to the room and then leaves out the front of the Bella Union as well. You follow suit, only but a few paces behind. You see at the far end of the room, a-- DONATION --rough-looking gentlemen that goes, "All right! I got-- I'll go ahead and get myself a--" (laughter) Blue chip to everybody but me. (cheering) The man walks over and says, "I don't really believe in all this mumbo jumbo, but you look like "a nice enough lady. Here." He passes you a dollar. It's one little crinkled-up piece of paper. DONATION Travis. Blue. (laughter) It's going to be rerolls forever. You take your time putting the cards out in front, and eventually you see his eyes start wandering. He starts looking around. Loses attention. He goes, "You know what? Keep the "dollar. I learned my lesson." He stands up and walks away. It's at this point, as you guys are talking about this, a gentleman who's been standing in the far back with a long-brimmed, dark hat, a very well-kept mustache and goatee, a long, dark coat that ends about waist-height, walks over. You hear the jangling of his spurs as he approaches. "Good day, ma'am. I don't mean the bother you much, but I couldn't help but notice you have a "mind for the mystic." "Let me introduce myself." "My name is Sheriff Bullock. "There's been some strange things going on in the town here and not a lot of people are "willing to offer help. The one priest we had that was doing the best in this town has been ailing "recently. I figure, maybe we can find folks with other specializations." "What, the ailing fellow?" "Well, you think you can be of aid to him?" "All right." "He's been poorly for some time. A madness is taking to him. You know, his eyes are starting "to wander--" "Dementia. But that's not why I came here, though. But we'll talk. All right, let me say that "there's been a series of mysterious deaths at the time." DONATION "Excuse me, sir. We're talking." (laughter) "Thank you. I appreciate your understanding." "But once every few weeks, we found bodies turn up in the outskirts of town. Three folk, "normal denizens here of Deadwood torn asunder, ripped to shreds by some sort of creature. The "docs had a few looks and sees no more than I do about the logistics of it, but yeah, one of my-- "my wife who had just come to town with my son was one of these victims." "Well, you'd have to talk to doc to get the real report, but I say it's an animal. Many folks here "think it's some sort of a bear." "Maybe." "My wife." "I'm watching my son, still. It happens. Terribly. But that's something I've got to deal "with, not you. Anyway, (sighs) if you could be of some help, maybe look around, see if your mystic "knowledge could make out something we couldn't." DONATION "Sir, if you don't, I will take you down to jail." "No, I don't necessarily believe in that stuff. It kind of worries me, honestly." There is a loud, calamitous crash sound as the door that was partially closed at this point smashes in front of you. Wood splinters go streaming outward and you see what appears to be a small fluff, a spherical bear form, roll in and stop. Bright-eyed. A little bear cub. "Hold it! Kill it!" You see the guards start pulling their guns out and start aiming it down at the bear cub. The Sheriff who's had his hand on the side of his holster goes, "This is a wild animal." You can go ahead and make a smarts check. DONATION For you. Do you want to reroll? This is a small bear. That's about as far as you can get on that one. You go ahead and reach down for the bear. The bear comes forward and sniffs you. A small voice at the side of your ear goes, "Your destination is elsewhere, Reverend." You turn around; there's nothing there. Kind of rub your ear. The bear-- for you, Laura. The bear sees you and goes, (bear cub sounds) and passes around you and goes straight over towards Stinky Jules and just starts rubbing on your knee. It starts licking your hand, you're like ugh. Bears. A voice creeps in once again into your ear, Reverend, but it's softer. It goes, "You're on the "right path. Follow the leads. It will lead you to your salvation." "Follow the leads." And you reach over again. There's no source of the voice. You've been a man of faith for a long time, but nothing's ever spoken to you before. No, he's just looks like he's trying to feel his ear. So. I don't know. How good are you with an animal? The Sheriff goes, "I mean, respectfully, "there's a lot of weird shit going down in this town right now. And a lot of it has happened in "the past five minutes since I walked in to talk to you." DONATION "Sir! I warned you!" And the Sheriff goes over and grabs the guy at the side table who's been far too excited and screaming outward. He says, "Sheriff, what are you doing?" He's like, "I'm taking you down to go ahead and clean up you-- I can smell the alcohol on your "breath!" And he drags him out and you see as Sheriff Bullock drags this poor card player out into the street past you guys. "Go talk to the doc! He's your best bet." He drags him out. Trying to look it up right now, actually. I didn't have his name written down. We're going to find it real fast here, thanks to IMDB. "That'd be Reverend H. W. Smith. And the doc's taking care of him right now, so that'd be "your best bet." "Indeed. I'm going to take this guy--" And the guy's still fighting him on the ground, going, "Sheriff, put me down! Put me down!" We hit 60k, guys! (cheering) Let me go ahead and say as part of that, just to kind of pause here while you guys are deciding your next path, we're going to go ahead and put up-- we're going to have the community decide on an NPC name that's going to find its way into a future game of Critical Role. So we're going to go with that one. If we manage to hit 65k before this game's done, we'll also have a boss creature of some kind that I'll design with you guys in the near future as well. So let's get keep that in mind. All right, so Bullock drags the guy off in the distance. You all leave the Bella Union. Now it's mid-afternoon. It's hot, even though it's winter time-- --you have carts going by, the ground is muddy itself from a recent rainfall. What do you guys want to do? There's plenty of horse shit. Fair enough. You go ahead and get yourself some whisky and your canteen-- Okay. Do you want to make a street smarts roll? Go for it. He said where the doc was and he was going to point and he ended up-- Street smarts. Sorry. Go for it. Four, okay! It takes you about an hour or so asking around, but you do manage to lead the group to the doc's place. As you come up to it, it's a really, really simple-looking hovel that's jammed against a stable, but everyone seems to point to say where's the doc, and on the outside you do see what appears to be a wooden carving of the classic medical symbol over the doorway. You knock on the door? A moment passes. All of a sudden, the door opens and you see an eye peeking through a pair of old, dirty glasses, big grey hair and a greyish moustache goes, "Who the hell's coming to my door?" "I'm awfully busy, all right? We got something I'm working on--" "Yeah, I can't take any more patients for now. All I have is work!" "Well, help is always welcome. Come on in, come on in." He opens the door. You guys come inside, and there is a terrible smell. A terrible smell-- to you, Liam, right there. Yeah, you're used to the scent. You come inside and a smell of decay and death permeates the entire place. You can see, across the way, there are two tables with two current injured individuals, one of which seems to be a man who is wrapped up and missing an arm and has been wrapped up, and he's just rolling around in a feverish state. You also see a man dressed in long, black robes who is humming to himself as he's writhing in place. One arm is curled up across his torso. To the other side of the room, as you violently vomit into your hat, you see what appear to be a number of tables that have piles of viscera. Of what look to be once-human bodies that are bloodied and flies are gathering. The doctor turns around, now. You can see him, sweaty, his long, crimped grey hair there. "All right. You said you're here to help." "This here's Gerald." He points to the guy who's having a fever and says, "Had to amputate "his arm, 'cause the damn fucking fool got it torn off in an accident with some machinery." Okay. He's partially asleep, and as you pull out the whisky, he goes, "What-- what--" "Okay." Puts up his arm and grabs the whisky. It spills out a little bit. He's like, (gulping). "Thank you." "He'll be fine, he's just making his way through the fevers. I gave him some sedatives. He "should be okay. More worried about the Reverend. Reverend Smith over there appears to have some "sort of a brain tumor pushing on him. There's not much we can do about that right now, unfortunately." DONATION The guy who's now drunk goes, "All right!" (laughter) You walk over to the Reverend. The Reverend's sitting there, muttering to himself, singing low under his breath. Chip of my choice. "Yes, do you speak? The Lord, I can see the light. The Lord has brought you to me. That's correct." "When it's our time, it's time to go." "I appreciate your solace. You're a kind soul, I can see. Thank you." And you can see one eye's wandering off to the side, and the other eye's just staring out before him. He feels your presence, but he's in a rough place. You spend two more power points. Total is ten. You gained one back. You have three uses. You gain one back as an hour has passed. You gain one back every hour. Go ahead and roll your faith check. Go ahead and make an investigation check. A ten? Okay. Roll a d4 minus two. And a d6. Roll again. 11 minus two, so it's a nine. All right, so we'll get to you in just a moment. You feel-- this man is seriously ailing, and for a miracle that can heal wounds, this is going to take some serious faith to try and push this through. Even with what you have. You don't know if this is even within your skill set. Okay, what are you going to do? Use some of these chips, you have a lot of them! You can use a red chip to add a d6. No, you get the one. 11? The guy who's in a feverish state is half-asleep and just-- (laughter) Use another red chip to add another d6. All right. So what's it now? 13? I'll let you do this for the sake of this. So, as you push through with the double-raise to your faith check on this, you see as this bright, vibrant light suddenly fills the room from one sunbeam coming through the singular glass window striking you in the shoulder and enveloping the entirety of Reverend Smith. All of a sudden, you in the distance, as you're inspecting the corpses, you can't help but glance over your shoulder, and you watch as this ray of light envelops his body. As it does, he lifts gently off the table two, three inches, and the doc goes, "What the fuck have you brought into my place?" And he inspects, and as you see the Reverend slowly turns over in place, his eye corrects itself, a smile comes across him of serene joy, and he's lowered down onto the table. The light subsides, you take your hand away, and he sits up in place, goes, "My lord. My mind-- my thoughts are mine again." "The Lord is stronger in you than anyone I've ever met." He starts crying and gives you a big hug and pulls you in. "There's no faith stronger than what "you've brought this day." You've lost interest in this whole circumstance about the bodies, and this is for you, Travis. I'm not the only one that suffers. So you get into this, and keen as you are, you've done some hunting in your time and you've seen some wounds spent to various creatures that have been mauled by individuals. You find specifically that, one, it seems like a bear or at least something of a bear's size would have to have done this, but it's wintertime. Bears usually aren't wandering. And the wounds here are thorough. Not killed something and ate pieces of it. There is no indication that there has been portions of these bodies eaten, in fact. They have just been killed and torn apart. The doc, at this point, stunned by the whole miracle that just transpired before him, walks over to you and goes, "Here's what gets me. Each of these bodies were found on the outskirts of "town. Not deep in the woods. Some of these folks weren't seen leaving." "I think some of these bodies were placed after being killed." "I don't know if these people were outside of the town when they were killed, even. So I'm "confused, just as you are, about this." "Or at least, whatever did this is working with someone within the town." "Have you been to this town for long? It's full of suspicious activity!" "Fucking damn it. This whole town's full of cocksuckers, and I don't know how to separate the "good from the bad. I wouldn't even believe what you're saying if this guy didn't come in here and "fucking prove that God exists to me as an atheist. I'm having a lot going in my head right now." "Halle-fucking-lujah. If you want to help, find out what the shit did this! I need a drink." And he goes over and grabs the bottle of laudanum next to the guy. Who he was helping. "Don't you 'no' or shush me. I know what I need." "Fuckin'--" Make a persuasion check. Two red chips to the Reverend. And a black chip to you, Sydney. He goes, "One sip. I ain't got a lot of this." You may. Make a persuasion check. Make a persuasion check. Total of nine? I want you to go ahead and-- I'd say for this, roll a spirit. Okay. You going to add anything to that? Both of you guys roll a d6. Normally, no one could keep you from a sip of laudanum, but watching the miracles that transpire around this bright and bushy-faced gentleman, you think maybe you should drink this when he's not around, and you gently give it back to the doctor. "I appreciate you all having your conversations, but if you could do it outside, I "got business to tend to." As he starts pushing you guys outside of the place, and you get outside, before he closes the door, he goes, "Just a word, I don't know if this will help much, but each of those that were killed "inside here were plot owners in gold and silver veins." "Except for the last two." "Hugh and Kilmer. The ones you were looking at. They were under the employ of Al Swearengen in "the Gem Saloon. Now, get out!" And he slams the door behind you. You hear a voice creep in the back of your ear, Liam, once again, that says, "The only path "to goodness is to find who murdered these people. Follow the trail. Be a hero." Roll a faith check. It's hard to tell. You've had a lot of miracle stuff happen recently, so you figure this is probably an angel sent from God, but it's hard to tell. The bear, which is nuzzling under your hand, Stinky Jules, and is like, just licking. It begins to growl as soon as you get close. Bites at your hand. What is your parry? Six. All right. So the bear bites out towards your hand, doing seven points of damage. What's your toughness? It's not snake oil salesman you're referring to. I didn't use a fate chip. You can negate me using one. You can't force me to reroll. When I use a chip, you can be like, nope. Yeah. So the bear bites down on your hand. You pull back. You're considered shaken for the moment. But the bear's still so fucking cute! Just licks a little bit of blood off of its teeth and grins at you. What's the plan now? You actually saw the Gem Saloon. It's not too far from the Bella Union. She does. Right up to the ankle. You eventually make your way towards the Gem Saloon. As you walk up, there is piano being played, but unlike the Bella Union, it's not quite as fanciful and the interior's a little more dreary. As you step inside, you can see a few patrons around, you can see a few of the female workers of the establishment who are all leaning in the back corner in various states of undress, but all look hot and not really into it at the moment. As you walk in and say that, you see across the way, a man with a big, black beard and long hair, little bowler cap on with a rifle across his shoulder and a white shirt with a single strap over for his overalls, looks over and starts walking towards you with his rifle in his hand. Just goes, (Clarota voice) "What brings you here to the Gem Saloon? Sorry, I got punched in the "throat and it's healing." "What you cocksuckers doing here in the Gem? What you looking for?" "They're a couple men we lost, yes, but that's not our problem." "I've seen no fucking beasts. If you're here to drink, fucking get in here. Otherwise, I need "you to step off." Looks at you for a second. Make a persuasion check. Roll again. Gives you a look-over and his demeanor shifts, changes again, and he goes, "Sorry. Just "doing my job. Name's Dan. Yeah, Doherty." Shakes your hand for a second. "So right now you know "who's boss." "So if you want a drink, over to the bar. Otherwise, sit down. Listen to some music. Buy "yourself some pussy. Doesn't matter to me." He gives you a look. "You ain't look like you ever suffered more than suckling your mother's "tit, and I don't trust anyone who don't drink, nor anyone who don't have to shave." DONATION "That's what I said." He goes and high-fives the guy at the table next to him, this older, drunk fella who heard the whole conversation and is laughing at your rather mousey-- "I'll take suffer. I prefer to heal on my own. The proper way. None of your fucking "godmongering types here saying that the word can help." And he spins around, keeps an eye over his shoulder, mistrusting towards you, with the rifle still at his side. The voice returns and goes, "Men and women are born every day through a union of others. "Go. Be merry. Touch. Feel." They all look at each other. They're all giving you a very, very curious look, and they all put their hand out like, "Honey. We're all clean. The doctor takes care of us. You going to pay or not?" "Ten dollars, take your choice." She takes you by the hand and starts leading you up the stairs. He gets closed behind the door. Three of you guys, what are you doing? You find a woman, a brunette, rosy make-up cheeks who's sitting at a table, just fanning herself off in this strangely muggy warm day in the middle of the winter. "You're telling me. This day's been all sorts of muggy. How can I help you?" "I don't want to talk about that." "Kilmer was one of the nicer fellas who worked here at the Gem. He, well. Sad to hear that "he met a weird fate." "Hugh worked here as well, but I'm honestly kind of glad Hugh got what he had coming." "I don't rightfully know. You'd have to ask Mr. Schwerenger about that." She looks up, and you can see at the top of the stairs, it curls around and there's an office with a closed door on the second floor. She points over to-- you see Dan at the corner with his rifle, keeping a very close look on you. "You got to talk to him." Holds her hand out. Okay. Takes it. Okay. So as you turn around, Sudis has walked up to Dan. As you approach, he has the gun at his side, and he begins to pull back the trigger. "Can I help you?" "Dan. Dan Doherty. That's far enough. You come any closer, I'm going to go ahead and take "your eye out." He pulls a small black feather out of his mouth after the hiccup and is confused by the whole thing. Make a notice check. Five? He would definitely pull that trigger. You get the sense he's pulled a lot of triggers, and he's aiming right at you. "One more step." "I don't want any of this. Too many fucking weird things happen in this town. Don't want any "of your god damn magical bullshit. Get the fuck out of the Gem before I shoot your eye out--" "Don't trust them gypsy types at all." "What you want? You might need someone. Go on." "No one talks to Al unless they get permission. What you want to talk to him about?" "Tell me what you need for him, I'll talk to him, and he'll tell you no." "Is he all right?" "I can see. You're supposed to cook the bird first, asshole!" "It's the throat thing, I'm sorry." "Sit the fuck down. You get the fuck out of the Gem, or I swear to fucking god, I'm going to shoot." "You got until three to calm your friends the fuck down, or I'm going to go ahead and take "'em both out." Reach for her revolver? So Travis, first off, while we're in this moment, as time has passed, I would like for you to go ahead and roll a spirit check. You got chips, guys, use 'em. Red one would add to it. If you wanted to use a red one to add to it, you can. All right. So add a d6 to that one. Five. Do you want to use another chip to add more to it? On the important rolls. So, total of six? A respectable five minutes pass before he makes his way outside of the room, nice and sweaty. You come down immediately to see what appears to be a stand-off, rifle drawn, right at the Reverend, as you begin to reach towards her gun on the side-- He's up the stairway. She's maybe four or five feet from you. Okay, against her gun? Spend two points. Make a notice check. All right. So that's with the raise, so you go ahead, and there's a dull glow at the side of her holster as you manage to enchant her weapon with Smite. You don't know. You do manage to glance to the side and notice that he brushed his fingers past, and there's a slight glow off of your holster. "Two!" Make a persuasion check. You're looking down the stairs. You see Dan's-- they're both at the side, looking at each other from your perspective, down below. All right! I'll pick it up later. (clang) So he's still-- glances over his shoulder. Doesn't see anything. You do hear a door slam in the distance, and a voice comes blaring out. "Who the fuck is causing problems in my saloon?" "And who the fuck is calling my name?" At this point, Dan puts his gun down. "Sir, I didn't "mean nothing by it, had these folks come in--" He's like, "I will gut you like a god damn fish, Dan." "What do you want, or get the fuck out of my place!" "The more you talk, the less I want to talk to any of you. You. Looking to see if you can help "my men who got killed, right?" "Get on up to my office." He turns around and goes back inside. Storms back out again and goes like, "And Dan? You tell me next time we have guests looking for me. Do not point a gun at "them." Glances over at you and goes, "I don't trust her. Go ahead and go that way. The rest of "them, let them up." Three of you guys up, and was like, "You can stay." All right. The three of you guys make your way up to the office. Desk is up there, there's papers strewn across, there's a balcony with a door half-open, and you see a partially dressed woman currently leaving out of the far bedroom, rushes past you guys. You enter the room. "Would you mind closing the door behind you?" "All right. So. To who the fuck do I owe this pleasure?" "Oh, be my guest." "Whereabouts in England? I actually had some time there myself." Make a persuasion check. "All right, calm down, calm down. Usually folks aren't so eager around this place. Jittery. "All right, so. You say you're here to help with my men. All right." (sighs) And he walks out, looks over the balcony for a second. "Fucking cocksucker cleaned out the tables with a grin. You seen this asshole "walking in town, taking all the money?" "Next time he crosses your path, go ahead and punch him for me, if you don't mind." "Is that his name? Simon. Good to know. Certainly hope he took Cy for all he's worth, too. "There goes a joyride for the trees alone. You see him again, deck him. There's some cash in it for you." So. He says, "All right, so I've heard some terrible fucking news. A new interest is coming to "town soon. George Hurst. The same rich fucking loadrunner's Hurst. Hurst, Hagen, Tevvyson, "cocksucker's company. Last thing we need in this place is another fucking company man without an "appreciation for allies." "I'll tell you what. You want work? Pay you $400 to split, and a free run of the ladies for "the night, if you bring me anything linking Hurst to these rumors of silver going belly-up in this town." "Very possible. You find that out, you come back with some information about that. Or, if it's "this fucking bear they keep saying it is, bring back the bear's hide. $200 to you to spread as you "like for the hide of whatever fucking creature killed my boys." "It's hard to find dependable men these days, and some heroics in town can only bring "spirits up. Higher spirits make for higher-paying customers." "If I knew, I'd go looking for it my-fucking-self! What am I paying you for?" "Shut the fuck up, please." "Spill it." "The Bella Union." "So. Want some cash? Find out who the fuck killed my men. See if Hurst is behind any of this." "Now, get out. Your choice stairs or the balcony." "Good. Wise choice." Slams the door behind you guys. You, in the meantime, there is a woman who has come up to you and said, "Actually, I've always "wanted my fortune told, if you don't mind." "Lisa." Yeah. The voice in your head, once again, Liam, goes, "Come. Take one. Any of them. It'll "right your connection with your lord." She's young, she hasn't been in this business long. You can see a bit of fear and worry in the back of her eyes. "Get hurt a lot in this line of work." "What do you mean?" "Careful of what?" As you can say that, you can see one of the whores nearby trips and knocks her down onto the table, knocking out her front teeth. Yeah. (muffled screams) And just begins running off. The other women take her in and then start picking up her teeth on the table. "You get out of this place, you fortune teller. You get out of this place." You hear (gun cocks) and Dan has his rifle up at the back and is like, "I told you to keep out." All right. He looks over his shoulder again, kind of nervously. "Which one was it?" "Virginia." "I'm sure she is." As you turn at this point, you see Dan still has his gun up and says, "Go ahead and find whisky "elsewhere. You four are fucking not welcome right now until you come back with what Al was asking about." "Out." You guys find your way outside of the Gem Saloon. The monkey in your ear whispers out. "Follow the trail of gold and silver. This is where you "must go." And curls back up into your hair. Pour some whisky over the hand. You feel inspired. Travis, you get a red chip. Go ahead and make a guts check. Five, okay. You, after saying that, shake it off and look down. You can deal with this. No longer shaken by it, you feel like this wound will subside in time. The voice in your ear creeps in and goes, "It's all true." At this point, the sun has begun to set, and you hear in the distance what sounds like a gunshot. A gunshot in the distance. A second gunshot. Okay. You guys go charging off now, on the sound of this distant gunshot. You make your way to the outskirts of the town, where you see there's now people surrounding what looks to be an individual who is torn open, their stomach pulled out, but they're holding a gun, and they're on the ground, passing out at this point. Notice check. Sure, go for it. You got a four? Looking around the darkness, as the shadow's started to take the nearby forest, you see nothing before you. But you do see some of the other folks in town who are starting to bring out what looks like torchlight and starting to make a little posse to go out and seek. You see the well-dressed gentleman who wandered up earlier, Simon. "What's going on? This is-- what?" "Yes. Hello again." Go ahead and roll fighting. Okay. You got a five? Okay, go ahead and just roll a d4. Or what's your strength? Yeah, so roll a d4, add one to it. All right, so you-- is that your fighting roll? Oh, go ahead and reroll. The fighting is a d4? No, you got the five, yes, so you're going to reroll the-- And he goes, "What?" (impact) Her fist comes out of the side of your visual perspective. His hat gets flung off to the side. He hits the ground. He's now missing a tooth. A man rushes out and picks him up and goes, "Are you okay?" And helps Simon up off the ground. You see a man looking with a sad turtle-like wrinkled face, a paisley-blue velvet outfit that's worn, dirty, a hat much like yours, and he stammers as he lifts him off the ground. "Why? Why "have you taken this moment to feel it important to impart onto my gentle cousin your fist?" "Al? Al told you to? Did you piss off Al? That's dangerous." "He is my cousin. I'm E.B. Farnum, the mayor of this fair town, and I am also the owner of the "Grand Central Hotel, if you ever want to come stay with us. You're more than welcome. Is she welcome? "She just punched you." And Simon's still coming to his senses and goes, "I-- Why?!" Okay. Folks are confused at this point, and they're pulling out their torches and their guns. The guy on the ground, by the way, as you're searching him, has-- He is expiring rapidly. "It was teeth and fur." And he passes out. All right, go ahead and make a faith check. Two more points. One. Other ones add d6s. Thank you. As you reach down, your hand touches him. In the darkness of the newly formed dusk, you see warmth begin to emerge from your medic's hands, and all the intestines slowly pull back into the body, the wound closing, leaving the shorn shirt of the individual. He comes to consciousness with a deep breath. You can see E.B. Farnum's like, "What is going on? Everything's turned upside-down. I don't "know what's happening." Simon turns to him and they whisper to each other. Make a notice check. Give this to Laura, please. Three? No, you don't hear anything. You hear some whispering, and you notice that Simon nods and looks about shiftily and darts off into the town as E.B. takes his place with a big smile. Go ahead and make a stealth check. As you turn around, E.B. goes, "Ma'am, I'm sorry to bother you. A lot of things have been "happening in this town as of late--" "Sorry, it's a thing." "I always seem nervous, but as the mayor of this town, I feel--" "I did. And Mr. Schwerengen. I don't have to talk to you! Look, miss. There has been a terrible "incursion of an evil sort, a blight on our fair city, and I think it's important that we as a "people figure out who is responsible." Smacks it away. "Unhand me, gypsy foul demon-woman!" At this point, the man who he's healed stands up. Black chip for Laura. And goes, "I "don't know what to say." You see now, he's an older gentleman with a big, thick beard and a bowler hat and he's shorter, stockier. "You saved my life, and I appreciate that." "Name's Charlie. Charlie Arthur. I was out taking a walk in my thinking hour, when I noticed "something moving on the outskirts of town. I went to check it out, like one is wont to do in my "place here in town. Something with a lot of fur and teeth came at me from that way." And he points out towards the north end of town that leads out towards the various mining claims. "About the size of a bear, best I could tell. But not bear-like. It was more savage, like "a dog. But this dog was on its hind legs, it looked like. Then it wasn't, then it ran like a "bear. I don't know. I got two shots off, didn't seem to stop it, then it tore out the side of my "stomach and left me for dead." "Excuse me while I go get a very firm drink." "You keep strange company, and while I appreciate what you've done, that weird shit-- "I've had enough of it for the day." You can see E.B. is still looking over your shoulder as you're talking with him, and he's pushed you away. "I'm sorry. I think it is time that I returned about my business and left you, "woman of the arcane dark arts, out of my sight. Good day." "Oh. Ugh." And he seems like he's super confused and torn by the whole thing that's happened. He just walks into town. Some of the people are out now, forming parties who go out into the middle of the forest. "I'm sorry, I don't know what you're talking about." Okay. Go ahead and make a fighting check. With two raises, or raising the attack. So go ahead and roll damage, plus an additional d6. It's under your bowie knife. Yeah, so roll that twice. Plus two, so seven. Plus your d6. Do you want to use a red chip to add another d6 to that? Just 'cause why not? Add another d6. No. As you walk away, arm over him, do you keep walking with him? He goes limp in your grasp. You guys now see as Charlie has collapsed to the ground, now, just a gout of blood out of his chest where the previous scar wounding was. No insight. If I could have you go ahead and make a persuasion check. Correct. Seven? You going to add anything else to that, or no? Ten? He looks earnest. It looks like somehow the wound has reopened and Syndey is genuinely fearful of what has just happened. Towards the woods? You guys watch as your reverend fellow walks off into the woods. You guys begin to make your way up into the woods. At this point, I want to mention real fast we just hit $65k. (cheering) If we hit $70k this special one-off, and what it's about to unveil as it continues, will be uploaded to geekandsundry.com by Friday. If we can hit $75k, it'll be uploaded by Wednesday. Also, we're going to be giving out a signed cast poster of the purple, no longer available, showdown poster. So we're going to sign that poster and give it away, since that is no longer available, if we hit $75k. So anyway. Don't give them any ideas. So as you guys step into the dark forest, the evening air has definitely consumed this area. You can hear the crickets in the distance chirping, and the occasional distant hooting of a night owl (owl hooting). You look up and the moon is a bright vibrant circular white. It looks to be-- --close to full, or full. And that light is aiding you to get through some part of the forest as scattered as it is amongst the trees. Make an occult check, knowledge/occult. On the table. Yep, thank you. Yes, a full moon's particular furry beasts with the nasty teeth, various forms of lycanthropy are affected at this point in time. Based on the information that these attacks happened every few weeks, and the cycle of the lunar cycle, you gather there's probably a very good chance that this beast that's been seen multiple times is some sort of a shapeshifter. A couple of things. One, ladies, red chips. The men get black chips. Roll a smarts check if you could, Sudeis. Yes. Add to the d6 as well, Let's see what you find. DONATION Just one, the big one. Five, you add anything to it? You don't have to. You get more information if you-- Okay. Add your d6. Like a d6. Ten! You do also recall, as you're putting these beats of information together full moon, lycanthropy, seemingly rumours spreading wide you've heard of silver mines drying up or being purchased up. People like silver. Werewolves-- For werewolves, lycanthropes, it's the only thing that can kill them. Folklore has heard stories and such, you've never encountered one. It's occasionally maybe heard of in fairy tales and such, times have been weird as of late. He didn't say that Cy did. He said that they'd been purchased up. Cy had lost a lot of money. He's worried that Hurst might be buying them up. You guys are deep in the forest. Where are you going? Are you heading towards-- Who wants to make a tracking check? You can all make a tracking check, all unskilled I'm pretty sure. No, it's a d4 and a d6, and then minus two. No. You take the higher of the two. Yeah. Minus two, 14. So as you all are lost entirely in the middle of this forest, middle of the night, the moonlight the only thing that's giving you any sort of visual reference. All of a sudden, you Stinky Ja-- Stinky Jules! (laughter) Stinky Jules, you look over and you see particularly little spats of blood, and larger beast tracks, recent ones that scale up this way. You begin to follow, and you guys follow behind Stinky Jules. You come over a ridge looking down to where a lot of the plots, a lot of the set claims are all set up the side and separated with flags and various markers and such. You can see a number of them have been closed and boarded up. If you want to, there's a number of ones you can go and check out. It's a campsite that is currently abandoned, and it looks like it's been abandoned for a while. There are a number of wooden boards that are placed up against the entrance. You look around and you can see a bunch of leftover discarded mining materials and what looks like most of the remnants or the scraps that are left behind in one of the big mining carts that's currently outside-- make a notice check. This'd be investigation, make an investigation. You glance around and look inside this and look around the exterior of it. The dust around here is silver specifically in nature. This is a silver mine. The beast tracks faded once it got over the ridge and went down to the claim area, so... (laughs) I'll roll for the bear cub. Bear cub kind of (sniffing), (cute growl) kind of leans up against you. Okay, so you pry open some of the board-- The air is dry and musty in there. You get a few feet in and it's pitch black. There's no light. You guys glance inside. You walk about 20, 30 feet into the mine before it opens into two different paths. But immediate at a glance, as-- Okay. You look down both sides of the split Y formation deep into this mine, and you can see areas that have been heavily mined. But the thing that catches your attention is, for being boarded up and abandoned, there's still a lot of apparent silver veins in the walls that are in the middle of being mined before they were left behind. You see visible veins, even this quickly in. Yeah, and actually it takes you about half an hour or so, but you manage to scrounge up some decent chunks of silver. Probably about five pounds' worth, which is quite a bit. (laughs) All right. Nope, not that you can see. Make a notice check. You're not very good at noticing things. You're a faithful man. You take faith-- The d6 to see which is higher. Okay. Best you can tell, based on the wound, it's a mild wound. It's a little swollen. It seems to be fine, but no other visual effect than that. Big pit stains. You hear from the far, far depths of the mine-- DONATION A faint sound going, not "All right". (laughter) A deep echoing exhale from deeper in the mine. (creepy exhale) It's still a ways away, but it's getting slowly louder. Okay. All right, you guys begin to curl around the left side where the sound's coming from, and as you come into a larger mining chamber-- You see-- --not a furry creature. As your lantern passes by, all of a sudden it catches a darker shadowed shape that looks like a human but with a larger head than normal. Its body is black and bulbous and it looks almost shiny like it's covered in oil, but that's its natural form. It glances over real fast and its eyes glow as it flashes in the light and (hisses) it scatters out of the light-- --into a far corner. You're going to shoot it? All right, go ahead and make your shooting skill check. No, the smite only lasts for a few rounds. Yeah. You do. d6 on your shooting? Your shooting is a d10, I think. Look where it is. I think it's pretty high. And what was the d6? Yeah, as well with that one. What's the lower of the two? Right, as the bear-- is this you re-rolling? Okay, got you. And the six was a four? Okay, so the bear, thinking that you're its mother and sees suddenly the fear, runs to your side and clings to you and in doing so disables your shot, and you have to go with the lower strike on that one. But you do get a black chip from that one. And the bear is heavily-- Blue chip to you Liam. The bear is shaking against you and making it harder to shoot. The gun ricochets off the far back wall, sparking across the stone. And you hear once again (creepy breathing). Heavy breathing. I'll have you guys go ahead and each draw a card at random from your deck. You gain one more back, so you've gained three total of what you've used. You've cast three miracles, correct? How did you get one point? How much do your miracles cost? It should say on them. Then yeah-- Right. So that would be-- Three uses. Four uses, but you've regained three. So you would have been at two, to five. You're at five now. Wow, that's great! Great! And what do you have Laura? A jack. Okay. First things first. As you were not quite fast enough-- Nope! (chuckles) This strange creature who's keeping in the shadows just outside your lantern-light, you hear the (rasping growl), and it lunges out at you, being the closest to it. It swoops out towards you. You can see it's bulbous, it's only about three feet tall in its size, but its larger head is awful-looking and it's just a terrible-looking thing, large saucers for its face. It strikes out towards you with two of its claws. I want you all to go ahead and roll a guts roll, by the way. Minus one. I'm going to reroll that. Okay. I'll use another one to reroll. All right, so what do you got? All right. You, everyone else has managed to take this back. You are finding yourself shaken from the perspective of this, and you're now holding the lantern. There's not much else you can do at this moment. When it comes to your turn, you'll have to see if you can reveal that. However, it does swipe out at you. That's going to be-- so, what is your parry? It rolled a six. It hits you, it strikes out. You go ahead and suffer, from that, that's going to be-- I'm going to go ahead and add a d6 to that. It was black. All right, that would be eight points of damage. What's your toughness? Five. You are shaken right now as it strikes out at you, and strikes its claw across your front. You manage to pull it off, and it just barely cuts the skin, but it's enough to freak you out at the moment. That ends its turn. And then you're up next, actually. At the top of your turn, go ahead and make a spirit check to try and regain your composure. DONATION Nine? All right. Black chip here. You shake it off, you're no longer shaken, but that's all you can really do this turn, as you go ahead and try and steady yourself and start going for your gun now to pull it out. I'll say you can pull your gun out for this turn as well. All right. The rest of you guys, now, you go ahead and see if you can make a spirit check to not be shaken. It would be 2d6 for anything you roll as a trained check, so yeah. So you're no longer shaken. That's the end of your turn. You guys, what do you want to do? Go for it. So go ahead and roll fighting. Eight, okay. Versus its-- all right, so two damage. It is now shaken. As you slam it with the crucifix, (shrieks), it shrieks back in this high-pitched wail and begins to push back into the shadows away from you. But not far enough away to go ahead and give you a secondary melee attack against it, so it's right in your face, out of the line of the lantern. All right, that brings it to you, Travis. Go for it. This would be fighting. A d8. Has to be max die. Which of the two? Six. Six does hit. Go ahead and roll your damage. So 2d4 plus two. Toughness of six. You go ahead and strike with the dagger, and as you hit its hide, it scrapes in, but does not appear to leave a wound, its somewhat crackled, black, shadowy form absorbing most of the impact of the blow, and it turns and hisses at you, its horrible, small, baby-like mouth filled with layers of sharp teeth. All right, your turn back, we're back at the top of the round. It goes back. It's now going to lash out at you, Sydney. It's going to go ahead and make its strike at you. I'm going to go ahead and add six to that. That is-- that's going to be a ten. What's your parry? Six, okay. So it does hit you. It is not a raise, so it doesn't get the additional d6 damage. I will spend another blue chip to go ahead and add a d6 to the damage it's already doing. All right, that's going to be 11. What's your toughness? Five, that is six points of damage to you, so that is considered a raise, so you actually are shaken and you take a wound. You are actually wounded. The creature leaps out and jams its claws into your side and bites into your throat. You freak out and push it back. It doesn't manage to pull anything free, but it does leave these giant bite marks on the side. All right, you're up, Stinky Jules. Okay. All right. So your gun's already out. You're going to go ahead and take all six rounds on it, at minus two. Make your shooting roll six times, minus two for each roll. Whatever your shooting is. Shooting is a d10. You're really good at shooting. They both hit, all right. Okay, roll the next three. You guys watch as there's a series of flashes in the center of this room as Stinky Jules unloads an entire fully loaded gun into this creature. Go ahead and roll damage for each of them. Every single one hit. So roll 2d6 for the first shot. All right, so it is-- all right, next one. All right, next one. So before you get to the rest of the shots, you, just screaming, echoing, you unload as this creature turns around and its face gets shredded by a hail of bullets from your gun. As it slumps to the ground and turns to ash and shadow before dissipating with a (sizzling) sound, you're still-- We have ten minutes left on this game to go ahead and get to $70,000, guys. How close are we? OFF- All right, so. So, after the creature's down, you spend a while searching the mine. Nothing else of this type seems to be down here. As you make your way outside of the mine, you glance and see what looks to be in the distance about four individuals running away who seem to have been tracking you. You see them run towards a distant place, into the shadows-- About, at this point? 200 feet or so. It's up to you. Okay, go ahead and make a persuasion roll. All righty. You watch as most of them run away and one gentleman stops and turns around. "Death? I don't want death to follow me!" At which point, suddenly, you watch as a large cougar leaps out and just tears his throat out and starts chewing into his corpse. It's large for a cougar, but it's not quite what you were looking for. But they've all run into the forest. You guys have options now. You have some silver at your disposal. You have-- hmm, okay. You have silver at your disposal, you know some entity's out there right now. What are you going to do? Sure. Smack across the face. You feel the pain and sting on the side of your cheek. It does nothing. You watch, at this point, as stepping out of the sunlight you see E.B. Farnum walking out with his hat. He goes, "They're right there." And he turns away to the side, and you see stepping out as well the gentleman Simon you met earlier and a few other individuals. You see, holding a couple of guns trained on you, standing in the center, Cy Tolliver. You see him step out. His outfit is shredded. He's like, "If you guys had all just decided to not go poking where it didn't belong--" All right. Go ahead and make a faith check. We just hit $70,000, guys. (cheering) Eight. That is a single raise, so you do plus four damage for the next three rounds. All right. We shall see now at this point. So, at this point, I want you guys all to pick a card, see where you're at. Immediately, at the top of this round, you have the nine. You watch as, as you're preparing yourself for this moment, Cy hits the ground on all fours, shirt begins to tear, his fur bursts out of his back, and all of a sudden his mouth extends, teeth and it seems like an endless supply of saliva dripping onto the ground. (roars) You're up first. You get right into his area. Go ahead and roll. Are you going to attack with both of them? So two attacks at minus two each. Okay, here, have one back. Everybody gets a blue chip. (cheering) For right now? Sure. Blue chip to Marisha and a red chip to Travis. One of each to Marisha. Travis, what are you doing? 16 total for the first hit? Okay. So that definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage with an additional d6. Ten. All righty. You go ahead and strike down with the blade, jamming it across the front of the werewolf's form. It roars, you can see the exposed wound in itself. It seems to be taken aback and shaken, but nothing directly beyond that. Go for it. The small bear named Trinket, by the way, just begins to slowly hump your leg, distracting you momentarily. Nine. Black chip to Laura. Inspired, apparently, by the small bear coming to adolescence. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Total one. With the plus two? Three. This one strikes through. Does nothing. You can see it hits the flesh and tears across, not able to pierce the outside of this hardened werewolf exterior. All right, ending your turn, anyone have five or lower? All right, you and the wolf go at the same time. Oh, you had an eight. Okay, sorry, so you're going next. Three misses. Five hit. All right. You unload, bullets blasting into the werewolf's body. You see it seems like almost none of the wounds have slowed it down. You reload your weapon with your quick reload. All right, ending your turn, now it's your go. Yeah. It'll be minus two to your attacks. That's to Marisha, actually. We'll finish it, don't worry. You swing, and it actually grabs your hand, catches it in the air, pulls you right in towards its jaws. What are you doing? 16, okay. As you say this to the wolf, who's holding the preacher in his face, it appears to be still in the same shaken state that it was previously, its eyes darting around. You're about 30 feet. What's your speed? Nope. Peg leg. You're getting closer, but not close enough. As you finish that, E.B. Farnum pulls out his gun, with the other two guys who have their pistols ready, and they unload upon you guys. Okay. That's a hit to you from E.B., who says, "I like my hat better!" That's going to be an eight. Nine. What's your toughness? Yeah, so that's going to be four over. That's a raise. You take a wound, which you haven't been healed since the last one, have you? So you're now at two wounds. Oh wait, that was a raise, 'cause you were already shaken, so that's three wounds. You go right down. You just get shot in the chest and fall to the ground, and you're bleeding out now. The two other gunmen go ahead and start firing at you and you, being the scariest ones at that. That's going to be, yeah, with the range here. You get hit, and you, I'm going to go ahead and add six to that. Okay. Add another six to that. So the other shot towards you does not hit you. You, however, do suffer-- that's going to be 14 points of damage. What's your toughness? Yeah, so you're shaken and you take a wound. You now see Simon from earlier pulls out a deck of cards before him, and you see this sparkle of bluish energy across his fingers as he goes ahead and attempts to release a torrent of beams. Oh yeah. You were already shaken before, weren't you? Shaken and then a wound. You're fine. However, each of you guys. Hits, hits, you're already on the ground. Each of you guys-- what are your toughnesses? Simon wasn't shaken. The werewolf is. So that's going to be a second wound for you. That's going to be six. What's your toughness? Five. So you are shaken, now. Against you, that's going to be six. What's your toughness? You're already shaken? You are shaken now. So, given the circumstances, as they are, you have no silver weapons and no silver bullets. The fight presses on for a few more minutes as you all do the best you can to combat this overwhelming source, but the perpetual spray of bullets in your direction eventually puts most of you onto the ground. And as the wolf tears into your face, Stinky Jules, you scream out as the jaws of Cy Tolliver, now extended into white and bloodied fangs, rips the face from your body, taking out your jugular. You freak out, E.B. Farnum manages to get a crack shot that takes off the top half of your head. You-- You hear a familiar voice in the back of your head go, "Yes. You followed the right path." And you feel this crackling of flames over your shoulders before-- as now you realize that this voice indeed was not leading you down the right way. Trinket's over your body now as the werewolf has let it alone. And is just humping your knee as you bleed out. It's horrible. Time limits. You feel flames on your back, knowing that this entity that's been whispering into your head is not from your deity. However, the werewolf walks over, grabs you by the arm, and lifts you back onto your feet. Turns back toward you, the preacher, and goes, "Do what you're meant to do. "Cy commands it." You watch as the visage of the fantastic Sydney dissipates, and in his place, now standing before you instead, is a humanoid cat-like tiger creature with two backwards hands. (laughter) You pray as hard as you can to your deity, but the pain is too hard, but you can't help but scream out in horrible agony as you are gutted like a fish-- Yeah, there are multiple deities in this world. And he's helped you a lot tonight. As you are gutted in the full moonlight, you hear the chuckle of Cy Tolliver with his somewhat nervous allies, evening falling darker still on the future of Deadwood here, amongst the reckoning. You guys got wrecked. That was rough. Yeah, going after it without the silver bullets or using the silver to armor up, there was no way. Somebody to smelt it. You guys did an amazing job. Thank you so much for tuning into this absolute chaos and adding to it. You know what, you saved a few people in town. They'll probably inevitably be destroyed by the incursion of Cy Tolliver-- This is a lot of spoilers for the Deadwood movie coming up, by the way. They have to compete with Supernatural and Walking Dead, so they're just throwing werewolves in. Nice, that's fantastic. You guys have raised such an incredible amount of money. Thank you so much for tuning in and being so generous and helping this amazing cause. We're going to go ahead and prep you guys for the next bit of entertainment closing up the rest of this charity stream. See if we can hit that 75k goal. That would be incredible. Thank you for making my first foray into the chaos of Savage Worlds what it was, though I'm pretty sure it usually doesn't involve so many fate chips and a lot of-- there was a lot of intrigue we didn't hear that just got thrown out the window as soon as shit started happening. That's okay. That's the nature of these wonderful games. Guys, thank you so much. We're going to go ahead and clean up here and prepare for your next performance, and yeah. We'll see you guys-- you'll see these guys this coming Thursday, and me and Marisha will see you the following Thursday for the next episode of Critical Role. Lots of love, guys.