Hello, ladies and gentlemen! Thank you all for coming to our silly little Critical Role panel this afternoon. How's everyone feeling this Thursday afternoon? (cheering) Oh my god, I love you, too! Getting here was an adventure, but we're here. It's been a delightfully chaotic start to Comic-Con, as I think we've all kind of experienced, but let's go ahead and get this panel on the road, work it forward. First introduction here to our fantastic human gunslinger of the party, Taliesin Jaffe as Percy! (cheering) Currently rocking a clay sculpture that a fan made of the airboat in past episodes, so that's awesome. Coming up next, we have our sly, charismatic, and wink-inducing ranger, Vex, played by Laura Bailey! Come on stage. (cheering) I figured if someone would hit the couch, it would probably be you, so well done. Following that, we have the twin brother to our fantastic ranger here, the other dangerous, stealthy half-elf rogue, Vax, played by Liam O'Brien. Come on up, buddy. (cheering) Hi, guys. I myself, I am your humble dungeon master, Matthew Mercer. Thank you very much for coming. I guess I'll go ahead and I'll take a seat over here. We'll share mics, we've got a mic here, we've got a mic there, and Orion's rocking the front stage. There you go! It's nap time for Orion. All right, so I guess we'll begin with a-- What the heck?! (screaming and cheering) Well, I'm glad you could make it. Everybody, this is Ashley Johnson, our wonderful cleric, Pike. (cheering) That's not becoming a t-shirt. OFF- Hey, man, roll some dice. It'll be fun. What could possibly happen? I won't tell your parents. Take that, sports. No, this is great. Orion? You have disadvantage for the remainder of the panel. Yeah, that's the story of how it all came together. There are few things I enjoy more than having people converse with me and say like, "I'm "interested in role-playing games, but I don't know how they work or what they're about. I hear it's a "weird thing." And I'm like, "Well, kind of, but the best kind of weird." Knowing that, once these people, especially being geared towards performance arts and putting ourselves in a different place mentally for a lot of our job, it'll be an easy transition for them to get into it, watching them all suddenly click. That moment of, oh, I can do anything. Yes. Well, you can try anything. That doesn't mean you'll do it, but you can certainly try. But yeah, it's been an absolute wonderful joy watching this game grow and the community grow since we started the stream, and yeah, it's probably one of my favorite things, period, ever in my life so far. The fact that we get to share it with you guys now is even more amazing, and you guys have been incredible this entire journey, so thank you for that, guys, sincerely. (cheering) And on that note, too, the fanart, the letters, the recently penned Critmas that has happened a few times, it's a strange experience, because for us, just a humility standpoint, it's like, why are they buying us things? They don't need to do that! But it becomes this wonderful connection point where we get the opportunity through that to also realize how much it means to other people through these letters and these people that donate to our charity, 826LA, by the way, which is an amazing charity. (cheering) We're having this strange tabletop renaissance now, where you used to keep that stuff close to your chest, you'd mention, "Yeah, I play Dungeons and Dragons," you'd be kind of quiet about it. Now we can say it a little more proudly, and as opposed to people saying, "Yeah, D&D, "that's nerd stuff!" they're like, "Cool, when do you play?" What you didn't see was me the whole time behind you going like-- (laughter) I can show you the velvet room if you like. I'd forgotten about that. Well, before we get to the Q&A session, is there anything else you guys wanted to talk about here, particularly while we're on a baseball field talking about Dungeons and Dragons? We have original generation, we have the second generation release, too. We have the new generation, which, by the way, the new red shirts you see with the Critical Role logo, designed by Taliesin Jaffe over here, Percy designed those himself. We wouldn't have judged. And the other campaigns that are coming out of this. All you guys who have already been playing or starting your own games and tweeting at us your adventures and your stories and your characters, it's so awesome to see that continue to grow. I don't know. Yeah, Tiberius's wisdom, maybe not that far off. (laughter) Let's go ahead and move on to the Q&A section of this. We have a mic available, I believe it's somewhere? Microphone-microphone-microphone. AUDIENCE Mine's my professional name. I use it for most things. It's easy for me to hear when people say it because it's my name. By the way, how amazing was she in that? Your imagination. Exactly. Yeah. In Sylvan. Strongjaw, yeah. Real fast, I did want to give a shout-out to our wonderful gnome Scanlan, who is apparently watching from home and wants an ego stroke. We have about 15 minutes left of the panel, so we want to make this questions we have pretty quick answers to. Let's do whole game. I know Tiberius'. Want me to tell the story? I know a lot of them, yeah. There was one sequence. I'll make it quick. They were fighting their first umber hulk they ever encountered in this nest that was in this cavern up at the top of a giant underground cave. And there was an about 170-foot drop into a lake that had an island in the center. And they were fighting it, Grog was trying to grab it and throw it through the hole that dropped into this giant cavern. However, it bull rushed him and knocked him off instead. Grog fell, took enough damage to put him unconscious from full life, and the umber hulk then was pushed out after him via Tiberius, and they all realized, oh, we're all up here with a hole with no creature. Grog's unconscious down there with an umber hulk. He is going to die. And so Tiberius decides he's going to jump out after him. And he leaps through the hole, swan dive, I'm talking Gandalf versus the Balrog style. You know, slow plummet in darkness. I'm telling him, "You "realize, casting Feather Fall is going to take a really hard concentration check, and if you fail, "you're probably going to die." And he said, "Yes. Do it." He needed a 14 on a d20, and he rolled exactly a 14, cast Feather Fall, landed, and managed to stop the umber hulk in time to let the rest of the party come down via rope. It was one of my favorite moments for his character. (cheering) Anyone else? Anyone else? No, that was beforehand. A battle with a treachery demon, by the way, a glabrezu, for those who are in the know. I get to say that in a panel. You have time for a few more, so start getting these pretty rapid. Good! Good question. Next? No, go ahead. AUDIENCE I'm having a good time. Best cosplay I've seen here. It was a couple years ago, I saw a really amazing Mass Effect group that had an Urdnot Wrex that had a functional animatronic face. It was incredible. Oh hi! AUDIENCE Right. The system helps. Our transition from Pathfinder to Fifth Edition I did partially because of that. Pathfinder's a great system and I love it, but the more players you have, the more you can get bogged down with floating modifiers. "Wait, your Bless spells gives me plus one to "hit and damage, and that gives me plus two to damage, but I have a racial bonus against the "kobolds, plus six to hit, four to damage, three to damage." It gets to that point. Being able to simplify the modifiers. You can homerule certain things where you have a simple way of keeping track of those. As a DM, keeping combat going is just keeping your energy up. You're the guide for everyone else, and if you start getting slow or laggy, everyone else will follow suit. Music also helps. I find battle music, really good sets. We can't use any licensed stuff on the stream any more. I had to gut my previous music selections. Good classic Conan music works well. Lot of great fantasy films and good soundtracks work. MARISHA and They know them all too well. Good music, keeping your energy up, and making sure that when it comes to players' turns, they know what they're going to do. If they're not ready, you skip their turn. You're hesitating. Skip it or put them at the bottom of the initiative order. Give them an incentive to be present in the moment and already to have their ideas ready to go. Things change in battle sometimes. You'll get to your turn and everything's changed in the battle dynamic. That's also how battle works. You have to be like, "Uh! I'm going to do this!" And you're like, "All right!" Keeping that energy up. As the DM, you're the holder of the flow of the story. It's a lot of pressure on you, but keep up that energy. Some good music. Make sure people are also putting energy into it because you put countless hours into that stuff! The least they can do is respect that by being present and trying to keep up with you. Also, hourglass helps! I got a nice five minute and ten minute hourglass. Especially if you're in a skill challenge or an event that has more tension behind it, just putting an hourglass on the table, turning it over and being like, "You have this much time." "Until what?!" "You don't "know. But what are you going to do?" You'll be surprised how quickly in the moment every player is. Nope! You're twice the reason we still have Grog. He technically would have died twice that battle over. Yeah. That was a crazy boss battle. What were you going to say, Liam? That was less of a boss battle and more of a scenario-based challenge. You walked into the center of an illithid colony and freed them of their oppressor! Lessons were learned, people. We have time for one more really fast, rapid-paced question. We'll answer and cruise through it. We have a minute left and then we have to run. Same time next year? We're down! We'd be happy to. Classic dwarven request!