That's a lot of people. Hi! I'll jump in here and say that an internet space that can be a very volatile and opinionated place for people who are passionate, I'm perpetually and continually proud that this community has been so open, so accepting, and so supportive of each other that it's kind of allowed Critical Role to become so much more than just a show. The community itself has become really the driving and most important and magical thing about it to me. So that's you guys. We're talking about you! So is Travis. Boy or girl. Yeah. Oh man, that's a good question. As far as, like, challenges of both ways, when you have a show, especially when it's something that you do privately that's put on display, there's a difficulty of, one, waiting for an audience to set it on fire and watch the thing you love be burned to the ground. Thankfully that didn't happen! Not yet. But I think at least, between the two, what makes shows like this and other tabletop shows and kind of what internet media is pushing for now is people that are open about their passion and are creating it for themselves as well as the audience, and not just as content to be consumed. It's an invitation to be part of it, as opposed to, "Hope you like this thing I made!" As long as we maintain that, I think we're doing okay. That is one of the weirdest things. Having this little phrase that organically started in our game rooms at home, not just on merch, but other people in thousands of games use it now. I'm like, it's exciting! I would never have thought that! I know, I'm sorry! This was not expected! You, too? Thanks, Keyleth. Don't even talk about pre-show jitters to me, guys. I'm a madman for an hour before every cast. You guys see me, I don't even talk to them. They come by like, hey Matt! I'm like, go away, I'm setting things up. I was like, okay, cool, that's happening! Give me more of that water, Travis! Yeah, that's a great little dodge and weave every week now. I don't recommend it unless-- be really good friends with your DM before you do that, please. That's when the boulder appears and crushes your character, so be careful. But that's also part of therapy! But no, to try and tie it back to the question-- Well no, I mean, tabletop gaming, there's been a lot of studies that speak on the therapeutic benefits of the ability to create a persona that is outside of yourself, live in those shoes, and build empathy through that experience. I know I owe a lot of who I am today to playing tabletop gaming. Not only this experience forged our friendships to be as strong as they are, but it's now gone out and forged all these friendships through this community and beyond. You know, there are people I used to game with that I still keep in contact to this day from a long time ago. So it's a weird shared bond, like, going through a very intense experience together with people, except it's all up here because we're crazy. In my eyebrows. Everyone has to go into my eyebrows for the adventure. That's what Wildemount is translated to in Dwarvish. Let it happen. By "people", you mean Travis? I will say, you guys have gotten better recently. I mean, moderately. Incrementally. There has been more planning. There has been more seeing alternate options before making a choice. This happened in a recent episode. So you guys are stepping, baby steps, in a good direction! Travis is already out, all right. Next question. Well, for those who aren't familiar with the difference between devils and demons, in a nutshell, demons are an ancient chaotic force of destruction and mayhem. Devils are very organized, tyrannical structure of chaos and mayhem. Recent adventures bring them to a very dangerous place, with a lot of large-scale dangers than they're used to. They're used to single-target, localized enemies. They've stepped into a territory where everything around you for forever is bad. It's been fun to watch them squirm, I'm not going to lie. As far as contracts go, that's the bread and butter of the devils' work. That's how they gain their influence and power. I was very eager to see what the reaction was when such a contract was presented. So, without spoiling anything, I am very proud of my group. From a DM standpoint, not for you guys. I absolutely love anything you do that is a poor choice. It fills me with such joy and inspiration. But to be fair, in the Nine Hells, there is no real great choice. Everything is going to probably end up poorly. So, good luck! I mean, it's not that black and white. If you did something good, people would be like, why'd you do that? Depending on who it was. We'll find out, huh? I didn't think so. You know what incubi and succubi are, guys? Grog'll maybe find out! Tune in next week! What could possibly go wrong? Where do they line up? I mean technically, it was written, but it had a lot of impact, I think. By a good writer. When Patrick Rothfuss wrote the letter to Keyleth, the "You passed through fire," I think, was such a wonderful encapsulation of her character arc at that time. Yeah! He should do a book! At least, a third one. Sorry, Pat! I will always have multiple personality disorder. There we go, thank you. Wizard is actually artificer-adjacent, so yeah! You're a busy man, making Duck Tales and shit. It's fine. You are awesome, and I aspire to be you. Yeah, dice and books before, and you know what? I feel guilty if they don't work, and if they work, I'm happy to take credit. But thank you. As far as advice goes, my first point of advice would be watch Matt Colville's YouTube channel. There's a lot I would like to say, but I don't have the time to get into the nitty-gritty, and he has such an incredible way of communicating very elaborate, detailed, and informative conversations and discussions on this topic. If you haven't seen his work, check out his videos. They're incredible. He's a dear friend and an amazing writer, so check it out. As far as blessing your book, I can bless it from here, and if you can hunt me down at some point today, we couldn't get a spot to do a signing at this convention, unfortunately. WonderCon was a little slammed. But I will send my juju from here. It's due to the scaling of the entities that they're working with, and the situation involved. A DC can be set based on how difficult the challenge is. You know, if a person's like, I'm trying to stealth in a shadowy alleyway, that's going to be a pretty low DC, but if I'm going to try and stealth while standing on top of this lighthouse in broad daylight, it'll probably have a higher DC to roll a proper stealth check. He could probably pull it off. So yeah, I adjust the DC. If a person's trying to convince somebody and they make a really convincing argument, I'll lower the DC for a persuasion roll. If they really bungle it up, then I'll raise it a little higher. So yeah, it'll adjust depending. A lot of creatures that work in the place where they currently are, you know, the Hells, they thrive on deception and being paranoid. Especially in Dis. Dispater, the archdevil of where they are right now, is a very paranoid son of a bitch. That nature of always looking to see if your underlings are trying to undermine you means that if you're trying to lie, they're going to definitely have a high sense for that and be looking for that as well. So yeah. To answer your question, yes. Thank you. I'm going to call this to the art community. Can somebody please do an art piece of Vox Machina sitting in the City of Dis, saying communally, "This is fine." Please? Sam. Roll higher. No, not at all. I will say, now that Lin Manuel has gotten himself a little warmed up, I think it's time for him to take another crack at a different D&D game. No, seriously, Lin, please come play with us! I had a lot of time alone as a kid. I make notes. I have general notes next to certain NPCs of their vocal texture, their age, different things to get me Cliffs Notes. I try and ballpark it whenever they show up, or I make something up. I mean, if there is a celebrity I can attribute it to, I'll put that down. Like an Alan Rickman type, or an Orson Welles type. Usually it's like, you know, gravelly, low, basically what you'd see in any voice-over side, where it's super vague but just enough to get an idea. Kind of, yeah. Like most of my notes, it's all Sanskrit at this point. It's only for me to read. Oh man. I mean, some of my favorite experiences as a DM involve having an opportunity to share what little knowledge I have with people, and learn things from other DMs. You know, as a community, D&D for a long time was whatever you could learn from your local comic shop, and maybe a forum board in the mid-2000s when that became more of a thing. So now there's this breadth of information out there, from all these different schools of running a game. For me, it's been really cool to learn from other people and try and impart what I do know, that's hopefully helpful to other people. That's been a big thing. As far as actually playing a game with these guys, I'd say probably the attack on Emon. Having a two-and-a-half-year-long plot hook that's been brewing and brewing, and get them into this place of comfort and finality, and then smash it all to pieces and watch their faces as everything they know crumples around them. That was pretty fun. What about you guys? Anyone else? As one cumulative guest? They switch out roleplaying the character? And since we already got Vin Diesel, the next step obviously is Madame Judi Dench. I think she'd have fun. Since he did teach her how to play! Yeah. Hello! AUDIENCE Story-wise, no. I mean, some of the character abilities changed based on the system, but not a whole lot, thankfully. I'll tell you, Scanlan became a lot more helpful. Yeah, and then I had to completely create the 5th-edition transition for your gunslinger, but other than that. Thank you very much. There has to be, you know, ebb and flow. There has to be some encounters that are relatively not as challenging so you can really enjoy the power that you've acquired as a character. Then there have to be challenges along the way to make you feel like it's a terrible, difficult circumstance. Yeah. Hi. I have a love for gothic horror, I'm sorry! I dream of trees. There was a reason. Because it was funny! And Travis agrees! It's practicing and rehearsing and learning techniques for the show, guys! That's totally it! No, to be fair, for a good ten years since they first announced it, and I couldn't afford it, I've always looked at a distance from the colossal red dragon mini. The colossal mini. Just could never get it. When you guys, as a community, sent two of them? It was like a long-time Christmas coming that finally arrived. Those are centerpieces that I'm still proud of to this day. Then somebody sent me a painted Tarrasque that's just waiting for the day that it gets to be unleashed! That's pretty fun too. That's going to be good. So yeah, definitely probably those two. Thank you. Do it, that'd be awesome! That'd be a lot of fun! Would you guys like to see that? (cheering) Oh my god, that'd be so funny to see everything from his perspective. Good suggestion. Favorite magical item? The Alchemical Jug? The Grog dimension. My answer, real fast, to that, because I feel it needs a mention, is Craven Edge. Just because the Grog interactions were so much fun. I guess we'll have to find out. I mean, it depends on whether or not the first person the deal was made with still exists, and if it does-- And there is actually a place in the Hells for people that are contesting contracts. There is a pit fiend, Baatezu, who is there as the judge that is part of the process of you trying to appeal your contract when your soul arrives. Usually goes poorly anyway, but there are a few that get off. It's kind of fun. I guess we'll see, if you take the other pacts. Or break this one.