Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's pseudo-episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy voice actors will be answering your questions and then doing a fantastic battle royale showdown between Pike, Vax, Keyleth, and Percy. For those of you who were here for our last battle royale, it's going to be a fun circumstance where the players are dropped into a scenario they do not yet know. They'll be forced to battle with only one victor, the last man standing. But we'll get into that for the second half of this evening. First, let's get through some quick announcements. If we want to get through those, I probably should have loaded them up on my phone. You want to get to that right now. But in the meantime, this comes to our fourth and final week of this run, being sponsored by Loot Crate, who've been fantastic for this month run of Critical Role. It's our first time trying out a sponsorship. You guys have been awesome in checking out their stuff, and I hope a lot of you guys have enjoyed becoming part of the Loot Crate membership family. We are! Yeah, at www.lootcrate.com/criticalrole. I talk for a living. Anyway, what else do we want to announce this evening? Grog, I thought it was. I should probably turn mine in too. I do have to point out, strong appreciation for Taliesin to really fly the true nerd banner by having a trip to Hawaii and spending a portion of it in his hotel room playing D&D on Skype. That's pretty great. Love the bees at a distance! What other announcements have we got? I have a quick announcement. Those who haven't seen or had an opportunity to play yet, this week had the launch of Overwatch, Blizzard's new game. I'm lucky enough to play the character McCree, the space cowboy. You guys get to have an opportunity to shoot a six-shooter in the game and tell people (McCree voice), "It's high noon." If you haven't played it, you should, it's a lot of fun. I have enjoyed the crap out of it. I get tweeted pretty much at every time zone's noon. Every day, people barrage me with, "Hey Matt, what time is it?" No, apparently any gun-slinging guys with McCree in their name have been me this past year. Space cowboy, that's Abe. (Abe voice) Abraham Presley. Yeah, guys in hats with guns has been a theme this past year, some of them with really great facial hair. I love that theme. We're going to have to sync up and play it. Anyway! We've got questions to get to. So, first and foremost, we have a few sources of questions. Obviously we're not going to get to a lot of them tonight, because there's a lot of questions. But there's a Reddit thread that's been up for a little while, we're going to be pulling questions from there. The chat room as well, we have at our side here. We have questions coming from you guys there as long as we can keep track of it because it goes pretty fast. Is my mic bad, not getting a good mic? I'll lean this way then and try and get to this section. Should work fine. Yeah, but the camera is there. Karen? Just being picky? Guys, stop being picky. It's all good. So long as you guys can hear me, I think we're okay. Yeah, we have Reddit, we have the chat room, and then we have on Twitter the hashtag Critical Role questions as well. We'll be going through those and picking questions, answering them as they come. So, let us begin. We're apologizing now for all of us looking at our phones. It's not because we're bored, it's because we want to answer your questions. This comes from Groghammer on Reddit. "After the episode 'Cows and Consequences', Matt said it "was one of the weirdest, but not the weirdest, D&D experience he's ever had. To him and others with "experience, what is the weirdest thing that's happened in a game you've played?" This is an interesting question. It could be something in Critical Role if you want to, but if you had other stranger experiences. I'll begin. This was weird but dark. This was when I was running the Ravenloft game for a few years with my old group back in the late 2000s. As they began to make their way through Barovia, the atmosphere of it was drawing them down and every night they'd sleep there, they would take corruption similarly to how you did when you were in Whitestone under the watch of the Briarwoods. We had our bard begin to grow sharpened teeth. We had our rogue character, who had a long-dormant mummy rot that had been subsiding in his body begin to spread again. We had our blood mage, who had died and been resurrected, came back not quite right and went a little feral. And then we had our paladin, whose skin all of a sudden was pulled tighter against his body, and as a person whose whole ideal was to fight undead, to look in the mirror one day and see that he resembled one, he went crazy and started smashing stuff. It was a cool buildup, but one of the weirder, fun experiences was when they had finally finished the battle with Strahd, when they had defeated him and, in theory, saved Ravenloft, the epilogue ended up being a "at what "cost?" circumstance. Well, the cleric died in the final battle, the paladin killed himself, the blood mage disappeared into the forest and was never seen again. The rogue, who was like the older Indiana Jones character of the group, took the castle for himself and became the new lord of Barovia, Batman-style, supposedly to watch over the city, but his corruption had gotten so heavy that it wasn't sure if they were replacing one monster with another. And the bard, who had had a constant feud with the rogue, got, in the final moments of the game, in a huge argument post-battle, and the rogue grabbed him and tore his tongue out. And the bard now served him as this mute, subservient Gollum figure and was at the edge of his throne in the epilogue as the rogue took the throne of Barovia for himself. Pretty much. It was a hell of an end to that campaign. Kind of, unintentionally. That was my friend Shaun. How about you guys? Sure, this is any game. Yeah, last hit point. It was the hobo jack-in-the-boxing and punching a shoggoth. Any of you guys? It was pretty legitimate-- hopefully this will work better for audio, thank you so much. I hope so, like a pamphlet? "Not-quite-sunny Barovia!" If you do find that on the internet, please send it to us or find us on Twitter, I'd love to see that. Question. "Ashley, what classes would the cast of Blindspot "be in your opinion?" From Zodaru in the chatroom. Yeah? You said so on the show. That was my favorite in-joke I've ever seen in television from a nerd point ever. Those who haven't seen it, there's an episode of Blindspot where Ashley's character gets teased about playing your wizard and elf game. And you correct them with-- I'm actually a gnome cleric. And I was like, "Yes!" It is a way to put it. Liam, did you find a question you wanted to tackle? Here, I'll throw one in while you guys are looking. Question for the players, "A few of you "have come close to trading blows before." This is from StoryBeforeNumbers on the Reddit page. "Within the actual narrative of Critical Role, do you believe your character could ever be capable "of seriously fighting or killing another party member, and if so, what would it take to reach "that point?" Well, Sarenrae, part of her sphere of influence is redemption, too. With Pike, I could see her, definitely. She feels that even somebody's who's fallen that far from what she knew, she could find a way to bring them back. Except tonight. There you go, we'll have it. Anyone find any questions they prefer for this one? That is now your theme song. I'll answer this quick question. @Mandalore_Cauldley on Twitter asks, "What has "been the worst or best, if funniest, way there has been a TPK in any game you've played?" For those of us who've had that happen before, it was the Paranoia game that we played on here was pretty fun. There was definitely a universal TPK, as in we accidentally wiped out all of existence and reality, so that was fun. I wasn't actually part of this game, but I loved the story behind it. This was an evil campaign that-- same guy who was the rogue in my Ravenloft game, Shaun-- and a few other people were playing. This was 3.0 D&D, and they were an evil campaign, they were all evil characters. This was in Ravenloft, the Swords & Sorcery setting, not the Expedition to Ravenloft, the whole plane of Ravenloft. And his evil cleric had set up, for half the game, a plot to eventually to kill the rest of the party and take them for power, but only the DM knew. And eventually he found the right moment, right towards the end of their story arc, and they were on the cusp of finally completing their adventure. And he told the DM, "This is the moment." And he systematically killed each member of the party, took their heads, preserved their heads, still living, and put them on the shelf in his now-dark tower. And that was the end of the campaign, he ended up TPKing the rest of his own party and putting them on the shelf. Shaun's an interesting character. Actually, I think I'm seeing him this weekend at MomoCon in Atlanta. See you in a few days, Shawn! (laughter) That can be arranged. Next time we have a day off like this and people can't make it, whoever's around, we'll do an evil one-shot. That makes me happy. Chat room, let's see. Yeah, I have my own titles when I give the adventure preparation for each session in the actual documents in my folder. But then when the episodes happen, that very much informs what the episode titles are. Usually, it's-- The titles come out the next Monday morning, Taliesin texting or emailing me at 1130 AM. And I'll be in the middle of a session like, "Okay, bathroom break? Okay. Ooh, that'll be "good." And that's all it is. That's the thing, I'd feel a little weird if somebody I didn't know did the titles. Like the last episode that came out, somebody was like, "The Dragon Episode," I'd be like, "Hmm." I'm not saying that would be the case, whoever would possibly do the titles here at Geek & Sundry, but I'm a little attached. We can do a vote. You do have a father. (laughter) We cried so hard when you died that one time. Well, first off, no plan survives contact with the enemy, this is the general term. And also, that's what D&D is about. There have been many games that I've played where I could do the smart, safe move, but then I stop myself and go, "Why?" To me, I'd rather try something spectacular and fail spectacularly than keep it safe and on its own. And even if a character could possibly die, those are the moments that you remember. Oh, the one where he goes and lives the life? You two especially have had some interesting changes. You changed from pre-stream to stream because of your whole experience on the ship, and after death, Pike has become a lot more hardened and accepting of the harshness of reality, and that's been cool to watch that happen. Yeah, it was the second game. Travis couldn't be there for the second game, so I worked it into the story-- I didn't give you exactly what it was, but I said, "If you want to tie it into "why Travis can't be there with his character, how would you want to work these together?" It evolves in a really strange way. Dagger dagger dagger. Don't fuck with her. You're right. That's your own fault, by the way. One letter off, you dicks. Real fast, I want to put this out there, because this question has come up a lot this week. Yes, I'm well aware that Dimension Door, from a rules standpoint, says that if you are to teleport to a space occupied by a creature, it would shunt you out and take 4d6 psychic damage, I think. I agree with that. However, the players came up with a very interesting plan, formed two of the smallest possible members into a creature that is so large that I considered in that moment that there would be enough space where you wouldn't be occupying technically the same space as the creature. So I allowed it for that circumstance. Most of the time, yes, they would be shunted out, and if you'd rolled a lower intelligence roll, you probably would have been pushed out the side. But as a Dungeon Master, you have to justify things, consider what makes sense versus what doesn't, how much do the mechanics written in the rules rule your game in the narrative, and how much you want to allow because the players have been creative or it's an interesting way that could make sense and you can justify. I chose in that moment to justify that, and it didn't necessarily work in their favor in some ways, but that's the nature of making weird, cool plans and seeing if they come to fruition or not. So I'm well aware, and yes, I did let it. That doesn't mean you have to. You can be angry that I didn't follow the rules. I thought it was fun and cool. Teleporting inside a dragon is definitely new. The Cows and Consequences episode in general was ridiculous. There have been a few moments. Well, first off, everyone going for the treasure at the end of a boss encounter without healing up or checking for traps, and that trap that I had set up there just as a possible blockade being enough to knock Vex out based on the bad roll. I've never had a player death that was directly after the conflict and danger. You know what I mean? Where the calm, everything's cool. (explosion) It was, from a narrative standpoint, really cool how it played out, but I wasn't expecting that to happen at all. It was going to be one other annoyance and warning of the power behind this artifact, and it just happened that way. That's what I do. Good. No, that was pretty cool. Other moment, I would say honestly the showdown with Kevdak. I wasn't sure if you guys were going to survive that, or at least a few of you were going to fall. A couple of key rolls in that fight. The Grog escape, the broom escape, using the necklace in a way that I never considered it to be used. That was-- the way you guys planned that battle worked out almost perfectly to just barely save your asses, because that fight was one of the harder encounters I'd ever developed, and it was more like I wasn't sure how it was going to go down. I had three other maps on the side in case you guys had a sewer journey, if you guys wanted to stealth in during the night and assassinate Kevdak in his room attempt, or find a way to try and-- There were different ways this could have worked. The way this all went down, I left it open to see what you guys were going to do, and this was possibly the hardest way to handle it, but it also ended up being one of the most dynamic and cinematic, so I was excited how it worked out. If anybody had got the death blow aside from Grog, they wouldn't have stopped. That was the sad and scary part. Because it's one thing having an old member of the herd that challenged him dealing the death blow to give them pause and really consider, has this power move shifted, is he the new leader? That was enough to cause everyone to stop and really consider the situation, and with Zanror being brought forth and released, it put them into this tense period of-- not subservience or respecting or accepting the new rule, but not really knowing what to do because their leader was gone, and the one who challenged and killed him in a spectacular death, and it gave them pause. If it was a shitty half-elf that ran up and stabbed their ruler-- From their perspective, you guys were shitty half-elves, all right? And a shitty gnome, and a shitty human. It would've continued in their mind to be an aggressive act, and they would've continued to steamroll you. That was so crazy. Anyway, yeah, we should answer another question. If you guys had not managed to-- the whole mechanic I'd used was if the trap succeeded, based on the dragon's perception roll and how well you guys hid things-- had the dragon even noticed there was something different and wrong, it wouldn't have landed. It would've stayed up there and started spraying you guys down. Maybe throwing spells. It would've been bad. Considering. And you holding it to the ground was important, because it prevented it-- because its breath weapon is a line, it limited its range and what any powerful dragon does to its advantage is stays in the air and uses-- Those few rounds were key. Once it did get free, you saw how fast it could turn in a negative position for a group. And the chains were good. It sacrificed damage, but it also raised the DC of its ability to escape from the grapple that was holding it on the ground. You guys did a really good job and had some rolls going in your favor, but once it started turning over and it escaped, it went south very quick. You have him on the run. Kind of? I know! It wasn't my intent! I had to sleep. (laughs) I don't know. That's a polarizing term in the community. I'm glad and I'm excited that people are passionate enough to be so invested that they are frustrated that things they came up with didn't happen, or that they saw circumstances that outside of the game could have worked. To me, I think those discussions are great. There are some people that take it too far and actually make verbal attacks on the players via social media, or go out of their way to use those circumstances to really be unfairly dark and necessarily down on us, and I'm like, those are shitty. And those are more of what that's referring to. But overall, I love the discussion, and I think it's great. Everyone will handle a situation differently, and I love people who will have those talks. So I don't know if the #yourfuniswrong is in a good enough spirit to put on a shirt. I do eventually want to do a 'You Can Certainly Try' shirt. (laughs) I love it so much. All right. Let's find another question here. Let's see. From GeekSpiral on reddit. For Ashley. "Do the Blindspot writers work out the Critical Role "references with you, or do they sneak it in themselves?" It's one thing to play a game. It's another to play it on the internet where a lot of people can tell you immediately what you did wrong. But we're still having fun. What do you think is your biggest fault, guys? That you can say. There you go. (laughs) To bring it up on you, guys. Like that. You, Vax? Right. And you, Pike? Yeah. I'm going to do a couple quick Twitter questions here rapid-fire, so we can get through some of these. Taliesin, did Matt tell you about the demon in the gun, or when did he? (laughs) He knew Orthax, or he knew that some sort of smoke entity had attached to him and made an offer, but you didn't know what bound it to you, and it was the weapon, yeah. It's fun. The fact that Sam caught up on that and got rid of it was one of my favorite character moments for him. Because that was going to stick around. Build a new one! I know. (laughs) It keeps exploding? Yeah, there's a lot of questions. Any you want to pick up on? Chat's working. Someone asks, did Sam get experience for destroying the gun? Yes, he did. Moments like that, key moments, big story moments like that, those are the marks I make. Those are like the bump-experience bonuses. He got a few hash marks for figuring that out, and finding a way to make it happen without you murdering him in the process. (laughter) Yeah. It's true. Question here real fast @matthewmercer, do you discuss the night's events in the car ride home or days later, together with Marisha, I guess is what they're referring to? Yeah, on the ride home, we'll definitely be like, "That was crazy." And we'll recall events that happened, and she'll mention things or ask questions, and I'll say, "I don't know," and she'll get angry at me. Yeah. It's also about why chat is so toxic. Like, guys, calm down, it's okay, it's a game. Calm down about Keyleth, guys. She's having a fun time. Well, the interesting point was, we were talking about that. It was like, "Why is there "this polarizing anger about Keyleth out there?" And I think a lot of it may come from the fact that you are, your character by nature is, an awkward character, who isn't the heroic, grandstanding hero, isn't the trickster, Han Solo rogue, and as that personality type, against a banner of other characters who fit more in those realms. Essentially! Yeah, it's an interesting psychology experiment to think about that, from my standpoint. I think Keyleth's a great character. Completely unbiased, from a DM's standpoint. I'm horrified and excited. I know that sounds awful, but from a narrative standpoint-- I'm never going to force it, by any means, so if people are like, "Matt killed someone." I'm like, I'm not going to kill anybody on purpose. I'm going to let circumstances work out. So far there have been a couple close calls. One of these days, one of those dice is going to roll lower than that resurrection DC. I know. Hey! Stakes are escalating, guys! There's an ancient dragon. Hey, man, depending on how this works out, some lessons will be learned, and hopefully prepare you for the next encounter a little better. Depending on who's left. Yeah, it's going to be interesting. Yeah. Just make sure you pay attention to the lore and the previous experiences you've had with dangerous entities. I've told you nothing, I just like messing with you guys. I'm going to pull up another Reddit question here. There you go. You guys should do that. Let's see. "Ashley. Do you prefer as a player to watch things unfold, or do you want to "be in the driver's seat more? Also, would you ever convert anyone to worshipping Sarenrae?" From Jojorious on Reddit. Oh, would you ever convert anyone to worshipping Sarenrae? Standing out on a street corner at Comic-Con? Question real fast from Atlas_Adams on Reddit, saying "Do the Vestiges still draw their "power from the deities? If so, wouldn't they not work for a person who is disloyal?" I'm not going to go too deep into that. I will say that not everyone who was part of the battle and the whole Divergence itself was a religious individual. Many of the artifacts did stem from religious power. Some of them also from arcane secrets. Not everything is tied to a specific deity, per se. Also, there's two sides to every battle. Not going to say any more than that. My apologies. I was looking for another question, thinking that was to you. My apologies. Well-- Mary had never played before and had not really exhibited interest when we first-- she was invited to the very first session that we were going to run, but she couldn't make it, she was like, "I don't know." But then hearing all the stories over the years of us playing privately, she was like, "Oh, this sounds like fun." I'm like, "Yeah, I already have too many players. Sorry." I know. She'd never played an RPG before. When we had the opportunity to bring guests on the show, it was like, oh, we have to see if Mary can make it. And Will, who I'd worked with on Thundercats and a few other projects between, he's a huge fantasy buff, as you've seen in the previous Q&A. He loves fantasy, but he'd never played an RPG before. We had conversations about D&D back when we began our campaign, and he kept asking about it, and I could see that twinkle in his eye of interest, and I was like, "Well, we have a guest spot coming up. Would you be "interested in playing?" He was like, "I have no idea what I'm doing. Sure." And so we got together at the Coral Cafe, and we built a character, went over the rules a bit, and he's like, "I still "don't know what I'm doing, but sure." And he did great, and the dynamic's been fantastic, and I'm glad they had an opportunity to actually play together when they came back for a couple episodes. That was cool. Good job, Windows Surface. Windows Surface kicks ass. We'll get back to you, chatroom, here, in a minute. Yeah. There's, for Percy, this consideration of what your ideas are versus what, number one, would be functional in the world, two, how far, these designs, could you actually produce based on your experience in the engineering realm. Even things that were available in a historical sense, in certain time periods, those were people that spent their entire life steeped in these feats of engineering. Whenever you bring me an idea, it would be like trying to marry what you're trying to accomplish versus what would be viable within the game, and finding balance as it is, but an aspect of your class features. What are you talking about? I can't imagine it'll ever come up. That's pretty great. I want to know really bad. It's just dickbutts for four pages. So many dickbutts. Lucas, real fast, we lost the chat room over here on the tablet, if you could get that going. It was like, oh, hey, guys, updating, because Windows. As a hardcore PC user, you get used to it. I've been using Windows 7 for so long, and every two days, it's like, "You want Windows 10? You sure you don't want Windows 10? Here's Windows 10!" "All you've got to do is press this button. You've just got to press this red button right "here." You can't really click anywhere else but the button. All the buttons install Windows 10. Thanks, guys. And I finally was like, "Okay. I'll install. I'll try this out." Five minutes later back to Windows 7. I'll eventually get there, I'm sure. Cool, thank you, buddy. "Matt, did you plant "Zahra's flying cloak and Vex's flying broom?" No. The flying cloak she purchased with funds that her character had accrued up until that point, based on what was established after the dragon fight, the first battle she did. Between the cloak and the dragonslaying arrow are the two things she used all of her funds on. That was purely on her end. (Windows startup noise) I wasn't expecting that to happen. I think Hardwick's still jokingly bent out of shape about it. I've seen him a few times. We went to Renn Faire the week before last, and he was like, "I "got to get my broom back, man." And I'm like, "Yeah, have fun with that. Good luck." I know. We'll see. Exactly. Arcane casters can be tricksy. I'm just glad he was able to guest. His schedule is so crazy. That was a lot of fun. Yeah, that broom was fully on him. He brought it and he lost it. Question from AaronShot on Reddit, saying, "Matt, give us a little tease. When you talked "about illegal substances being on the market in Emon during one of the Q&As at a con last year, "how much world-building have you done to date that we have not seen yet? Wildemount, Marquet." As much as I can. It's a progressive thing I'm developing and have been for years. Free time has not been copious. This show is a fantastic thing every week that takes up a lot of my free time. We have a lot of cool things we have coming up that we want to hopefully announce that take a lot of my free time. This is one thing that I'm always working on. I have fleshed out a good portion of Marquet. I've fleshed out elements of Wildemount. It's not as fleshed out as others. Othanzia and Tal'Dorei are the two most fleshed out in my world, because those are the two where you guys have spent your most time. Whenever this game's done, we start a new campaign, it'll probably still be in Exandria, but it might start in Marquet. It might start somewhere else in the world and have a whole different cultural flavor and flair, and it'll be a whole different side to this world. And there'll be references to and history that exists that you would know, because you were part of it before, but you'll be a whole new group of adventurers in a whole different part of the world. That'll be fun. You play it carefully, you still can. Whatever that means. (nervous chatter and laughter) Yeah. Oh, that's pretty great. Watch it with your kids. They'll love it. Seriously. It's great. (laughs) It says, "Gilmore started out as kind of a caricature and was a fleshed-out "character--" Question went away, but Gilmore didn't start out as a caricature in my head. I never want to make an NPC a caricature per se. There are characters that have strong personality traits and they emerge themselves, because for an NPC, you have to make an impact quickly. You don't have a lot of time with them, and you want to try and make the world lively and interesting for your players. So I have certain personality points that are at the forefront of each personality. Gilmore to me was never a caricature, partially because I built him around somebody I used to do theater with when I was younger in high school, so I already had a personality print for him. But also I really wanted to show a character that could be ostentatious and flamboyant in a way that was fun and not a caricature. If that didn't come across, my apologies. Gilmore is a very charismatic, very outgoing salesman, and that's part of his job. He uses that to his advantage. But people have their interpretations. I care very much about the character. That's his whole thing. He's a showman, and that's so much of his personality. And as you guys got to know him better, especially you, he let you peek behind the veil a bit and see-- The world-wearied individual, there's a lot of depth to the character. Very much so. Percival from Scarlet Pimpernel-ish. Yes, he was. He was based off a person in high school that I did theater with. I'm not going to say who, because he's on Facebook. (laughter) I will say on that fact, too, because someone asked this question, and they said there have been hints on the characters that have exhibited LGBT relationships in the game, but a lot of characters seem to be husband-and-wife-type personalities. Are those only a small number of people, and I'm like, no. I don't make a big deal of sexuality in the game unless it comes up, because I don't think it's something that should drive the story, it just exists in the world. I think there's relationships of all kinds in Exandria. And I think culturally, just like in the real world, some places it's more appropriate than not, based on wherever they live. It doesn't mean I agree with that, by any means. I believe love is love no matter where you find it. And there are places in Exandria where it is more acceptable than others. And that's a whole different story element that might come up depending on where you travel in the world, I don't know. But yeah. Like many writers, I err on the side of creating an interesting character who might happen to be gay. Or an interesting character that may happen to be bisexual. I try not to make that a defining characteristic of the personality, nor do I want to try and go out of my way to have a one-off NPC that you encounter be like, "Oh, by the way, I have a wife and I'm a "girl." Because that to me seems like it's forced, it's shoehorned and now it's not about the story, it's about that relationship, whereas if the relationship were to come about as part of the story then that's just how it is, because that's life. (laughs) How high did you roll on your heterosexual roll when we started your character? Good on you! Hey guys, this isn't FATAL. We're not rolling for vaginal circumference. (sounds of disgust) All right, anyway. We got time for a few more questions before we take a break and go into the Battle Royale. For those guys who didn't have your questions answered tonight, I apologize, we've gotten a lot of questions. I'll try and go on the Reddit occasionally to answer questions through this thread in the coming months or so, off and on, and feel free to throw them back at us on Twitter afterward. We'll answer them as we can. Oh, College of the Maestro. Yeah, I put up a College of the Maestro bard college on DMs Guild recently, and that came from a character-- I may have mentioned it in previous Q&As. I've never played a bard, but I've always wanted to. I love bard classes, I love the aspect behind them. They were really underappreciated in previous editions, but I loved the idea of a guy who knows a little bit about everything and is an inspiration to the party around him, and so I had this character concept for a long time to make a bard-- probably a dwarven bard, because I love dwarves also-- who, as opposed to playing music or singing music, could pluck the sound from the air around them. The sound of battle. The impact of a sword against a shield, or the sound of a creature chittering as it attacks, and mold it into a symphony, almost like a soundbender where they pull and turn it into music, and that was their basis. So instead of fighting with a weapon, they have a wand and an open hand, and they stand in the middle or the back of the battlefield and conduct it, like an orchestra conductor. Eventually I got really frustrated and was like, "I'm going to make this as a bard college "and we'll see if people like it." It's gotten a good response. It's still being tweaked. Anything homebrew you try and balance it as best you can. At first blast, I don't have a lot of time to really finetune it, and I wanted to get it out there to get the community response, and it's been really great. You guys have had great feedback and I'm tweaking things as we go, so there'll probably be a couple more updates in the next few weeks or months. So thank you all, people who have reached out and given comments on DMs Guild or on the Reddit thread. It's making its way towards hopefully being a fun option for those who want to try it out. If you don't like it, you don't have to play it. Oh my God, please somebody make a College of the Maestro bard that is a deep noise DJ. (laughter) Vegetables of the virgins? The vegetable of the virgins, that's a DVD set you don't let anyone know you own. We've all made that mistake, right? Possibly, a lot of this content right now, I'm developing as we go and I can't really release too much when we're still playing through it. You did good. I'm hoping in the future to release elements of Exandria or elements of the campaign on DMs Guild or other means to have you guys play more in what we've done if it interests you, or to take and alter as you like. But time has to fight itself to me first. My suggestion is, consider, if your character is a murderhobo, there are ramifications for that type of action in a society. You as a DM, it's your responsibility to keep in mind, there probably-- unless they're in some sort of destitute place where that's totally fine-- there are going to be guards. There are going to be sentinels. There are going to be people that their job is to stop murderhobos from coming in and being murderhobos. So they will become wanted. They will become hunted. There's a possibility there might be a bounty put on their heads, from individuals that are more powerful than the party. And if they're going to be real dicks about it and not try and play the story you've created, and want to murder everyone, they're probably going to end up shot to death in an alley with a bunch of crossbow bolts and that's the end of their game. That's a valuable lesson to learn. If it's a world which enables a murderhobo-type circumstance, that's different, and you can find narratives in there, but it's definitely more of an evil campaign, and a little harder to run unless you have some experience as a GM. But if it's something you don't want to happen in the game, keep in mind, there are ramifications for such horrible, murderous actions, which could lead to a really interesting story. Perhaps they killed a few people and they all of a sudden meet the families of these individuals, or the person that captures them is related to someone they murdered, and decides no, I'm not going to execute you, I'm going to make you work for me until you realize what you've done. Or perhaps a paladin or a cleric that actually feels sorry for them is like, "You did a horrible thing, but I don't understand why "you did this. I want to understand it. Until then, you're under my watch." Now they're working for this individual who is trying to understand how you were so corrupted as people. You can find different ways to turn that behavior into part of the story. But if it's just the players trolling you, maybe have a talk with your party to work with you and respect the time you've put into the game. Then stand up. Stand up in the story and pull a Keyleth, and be like, "Guys, this is wrong!" And if they turn around and stab your character to death? Perhaps this isn't the gaming group you should be hanging with. Yeah. And as a GM or DM, before you even start the game, have a conversation with all your players to discuss the kind of game you're all looking for. Be like, "Hey, guys, this is the kind "of game I want to run. And it's got some story, some intrigue, political elements, and some combat "balanced in." Some players may be like, "Oh, I just want to come in, kick down doors, kill shit "and take loot." You want to make sure you all are agreed upon the type of game you want to play, so you don't end up four games in before everyone hates each other. I will also-- Go for it. That's pretty great. Oh! We have Zoaga on Reddit asks "Quick question for Matt As we've seen, you've tinkered "with the stats of the ancient dragons in the Conclave. Without going into specific details, do "you have any idea what kind of challenge rating these modifications might put them at?" I don't. I try and measure it, but a lot of the measurements are based on parties of four, maybe five. We have a party of seven, sometimes eight people when we have guests on, and because of the nature of us coming from Pathfinder to this game, and I tend to run games a little higher-power than the average, I've had to adjust a lot of the difficulty in the game, which has been an interesting challenge for me as a DM, but also means that the scale is going to continue to get more epic. I have to tweak it, because we have a lot of powerful characters with powerful items, but that's the kind of game I wanted to run anyway. The next game might be a little more low-powered depending on where it starts. We shall see. I've learned a lot. Remember, I came into this -- we went from Pathfinder to Fifth Edition when we started the stream, really our first time playing Fifth Edition, so there's been balancing lessons learned as we progress, and a lot of circumstances that caught me and the players off-guard as far as difficulty. That's part of the fun of the game. So for me, it's learning through experience, previous encounters, learning the players' strengths and weaknesses, and finding ways to tweak creatures that better fit those to be a real challenge when it has to be and to not be a real challenge when it doesn't have to be. Not every battle has to be a fight to the death, to the teeth ever, because sometimes fights are enjoyable for players to show up and fight basilisks that once tore them asunder and be like, oh, we come back and we tear you down! It's fun to have those quick victories sometimes. But yeah, you have to find it through practice, and the DMG scaling does help a lot, but on this level, this size of a party with what they have at their disposal, I kind of have to wing a lot of it. What, this? No. There's no experience points for this. This is for fun. This is just for fun. This is for the bragging rights of saying you can beat the shit out of the rest of your own party. (laughs) You're welcome. Someone send him some Best Dad awards. That's horrible, that's horrible! Like, snap. Ooh. The reactionary push into the lava's one of my favorites. She's like, "I don't know what to "do! I'm sorry!" Just pushing him down into the lava as he's like (screaming). "I'm sorry!" That was so funny. It was a corrupt treant. I can't remember what spell it was, but it was something that essentially you can charm a specific plant-based monster, and it failed its saving throw. It was going to be this epic encounter with this giant corrupted treant in the middle of the Bramble Forest. Yeah. It was this big old bramble forest that led up to the actual home of the Dread Emperor and it walked out and was like (roars) and you're like, "Sit down and sleep." "Okay." And that was it and I was like, well done. I like that. Well, we'll find out here shortly. Let's do one more question and then we're going to take a break and come back here for the Battle Royale. I know! I'm trying to see. Let's go for the chat. We've done a lot of these. Chat, let's see what we got. This'll be our last question for the night. Chat is going so fast. It's going so fast, oh my god! This is a quick throwaway. It won't be the last one. Someone asked if I could ever join Vox Machina, what class and race would I be? Dwarf bard. I think I've already specified that. A good final end question. We'll find out. (laughs) We'll find out. I know, it's going so fast. It's okay. I'm glad you guys are so excited to ask questions, but I can't. It's like looking into the abyss. I can see through time. I don't want to answer that, because then it's going to subconsciously make me feel really awful if they die. I don't want to answer that. I don't want that to happen. Interesting idea. No, I don't. I don't want that in my head. I don't want any of that in my head. If it happens, it happens. The dimensions of the cube? (laughs) Sam's cube? Who's the Hodor of the group? Oh. We're not going to talk about that. Also, spoilers. Hodor has an amazing moment. Hush. It's awesome. Have you ever regretted a decision you made, either in character or while DMing? We'll have this as our final question for the evening. That was going to be their turn, leave, and hit the button as they left circumstance, and you went right there and hit it. I'm like, well, that saves them the problem of it. It was a great moment, but didn't quite work how you thought. How about you guys? That's okay. Anything with you guys? Ross and Rachel. That's my biggest regret as a DM was saying that right there. (laughter) I hope so. (laughs) The moment that stops, we need to stop doing this. Which is fine. A big part of D&D is fucking up. That's just how it is. In any good game there's going to be fuck-ups. We just roll with it. Yeah. Well, guys, we're going to come back here in a few minutes and do our Battle Royale. We're going to go ahead and get you guys to use the restroom and get ready, get your characters-- We've leveled everybody up-- (fierce growls, laughter) So let's go ahead and take a break. We'll be back here in a few minutes and we'll see which member of Vox Machina in this battle will stand supreme. Welcome back, everybody. We're about to jump here in the Battle Royale. We wanted to let you guys know as part of our final week of the Loot Crate sponsorship. Their June theme is dystopia. Yeah, it's dystopia, which is cool. It's going to feature RoboCop, Terminator 3, Matrix. It involves Fallout 4 and Bioshock Infinite stuff. Yes. (laughter) Compared to the sequels, yeah. In order to get this crate, you have to sign up by the 19th at 900 PM Pacific to be able to get the dystopian crate when it goes out. But once again, you can get three dollars off your subscription by going to lootcrate.com/criticalrole and enter criticalrole as your code, one word, criticalrole. I was really happy when they printed the Pip-Boy statue. Marisha's going to get her dice. There you go. All right, so welcome back as we kick into-- (dramatic music) So. Suddenly, a flash of white takes your vision, and as the white fades, you see, at the end of a long, blue sky-like tunnel, a man standing, dark, curly, almost permed hair, a suit with a white, wide polyester lapel, white track pants, and white shoes. He approaches, his chest almost visible. He speaks with you with confidence, the voice of God, the voice of everything. He goes "Hello, Vox Machina, I am the Beyonder." (laughter) That's exactly how I think a Beyonder would sound if he were to show up in an event. So, that being the case, ladies and gentlemen, let's go ahead and roll initiative. (groans) You're right there. ASHLEY and Roll initiative, guys. All right, Ashley? Okay, so a total of seven. We have 25-20? 20-15? All right, to see which of you goes first, I am going to have you guys both roll off again for initiative. 20 again, both of you. All right, so Vax is going slightly before Keyleth, then Percy, then we have Pike. All righty, so first round is Vax's. Vax, what are you going to do? You are, yes. (counting) Yes, he is within 50 feet. Yeah, this is basic weapons. What's your AC, Percy? The damage of it, at least. Let him roll damage first. So 39 damage, and you want to do your gloves of missile snaring? Set it aside. He basically grabs your dagger out of the air and stops some of the damage before it strikes. No, it just lowers the damage. 26 damage you take, piercing damage. And I need you to go ahead and make-- is it a constitution saving throw? Yes, it is. It succeeds. What are you doing, Vax? No, you only get to sneak attack once per round. Correct, and remember, you have not activated your boots yet. Okay. (laughter) Looking at the item real fast, too. Is there an activation cost for the boots? Oh right. We will say for the purposes, it would be a bonus action to activate it. This whole room is low light. It is just the glow from the lava in here. Since a number of you have darkvision, it's not a huge deal within 60 feet, but it is considered technically low light. Right, usually it was the first round that you did it, but it's fine. You can! You can reach out and actually change things as you are. Okay, go ahead and roll a stealth check. MARISHA, TALIESIN, and All right, I need Keyleth and Percy to roll perception checks. Okay, you guys both-- actually, all three of you watch as Vax turns behind the corner and vanishes from sight. You have no idea where he is. You know he is somewhere in this area, but that's all you know. That is the end of your turn. Keyleth, you're up. Yeah. Okay. All right, so you're firing it this way? So, what is the-- Sunbeam! All right, Percy, I need you to go ahead, because it is within a 60-foot line, a constitution saving throw. Correct. What's your DC? So he saves. As Keyleth, you go and you reach your hand out, and suddenly the room blasts into bright light as a beam of pure solar energy streaks into Percy's face. Percy, you manage to close your eyes and bend out of the way just in time, still taking some of the impact. You take 19 points of radiant damage. You are not blinded because you made your save. Grasping Vine, unfortunately, is a 4th-level spell. You have already cast a 6th-level spell. It has to be 2nd or lower. I got to pay attention to this stuff. Otherwise, the internet lets me know. (laughter) Okay. Barely. (laughing) The ceiling actually is about 30 feet up. It's a domed cavern. You are set into this pocket of very hot earth with no foreseeable exit. Okay. Keyleth sinks beneath the ground. As you do, you suddenly feel yourself plummeting into a pocket of molten rock which is beneath this entire area here. Okay, but you still go ahead and take damage from this. We will say here, for the purposes of this, everyone gets a nice view of the top of my head. (counting) 35 points of fire damage from suddenly submerging yourself partially into molten rock and as your rock form does help resist it somewhat, it still begins to severely damage your earth elemental form and you immediately pop back up into the space you were. In that case? Happy where you are? Okay, Keyleth ends her turn. Percy, you're up. You see this giant earth elemental submerge and then come back out of the earth with elements of superheated rock around the edges of its surface. Pike is off to the side, looking about, trying to decide what she's going to do, but you have the jump on her. As a note, Keyleth by the way, because you took fire damage, I need you to make a concentration check to maintain your Sunbeam. Half the damage for-- how much did you take from that? You rolled a-- 15 plus your constitution-- yeah, you're good. Strength checks are at disadvantage while you're hexed. What else you got, Percy? You whip out Retort. What's your AC for your earth elemental? Okay, so go ahead and roll damage on that. It is not magical, correct. That's seven damage plus four necrotic, so a total of 11 points of damage. The blasts are hitting the hide of the earth elemental, not quite impacting as strongly as you thought. Okay, make a concentration check by the way from the first hit, so you have to roll an 11 or higher. Yeah, you're fine. (laughter) Your AC? 17, no. This one actually does manage to hit the shoulder, but it ricochets off and blasts the volcanic rock near her. Go for it. Third shot against the earth elemental Keyleth. That does hit. Go ahead and roll damage on this. All right, so 13 points of damage total. I need you to make another concentration check. What's your constitution modifier? With that, Sunbeam drops. The impact manages to actually knock the spell out of your peripheral. 19. So yeah. Okay, that ends Percy's turn. Pike, you're up. Where would you want to place Guardian of Faith? Let me see the spell here real fast to make sure I've got this right. So, Guardian of Faith... there we go. It's within 30 feet of you. Any hostile creature to you that moves to a space within ten feet of the guardian has to succeed-- so where are you putting it? Right there? Guardian of Faith is 4th-level. What level is that one? Yeah, that's fine. So, Shield of Faith... perfect. It's coming. So you have a plus two bonus to AC for the duration. It's concentration. Good for you. Are you going to move or stay right there? Staying right there in that little corner. All right, that ends Pike's turn. Top of the round. Vax, you're up. Technically, they didn't see you. And from what you're aware, nothing has seen you yet, so. Essentially, everybody who could see where you are, so you'd be giving it away to whoever that individual is. Do you have your mini, by the way? I was wondering where it went. Yep. Okay. Yeah, he avoids cover. His weapons are magic, so does not halve. 30 points of magical slashing damage against you. You, right now, are completely visible to her. You can attempt to hide from her, yeah. However, Percy does have sight to you. Right now, you're only obscured from one of them. It is dim light, actually. Let me see what the hide circumstance is. Let me double-check, just to be safe. Hide action. In just a minute. Hide. Chapter seven for hiding! All right, let's go to chapter seven, then. I know, it's great, isn't it? Isn't it wonderful? I just want to make sure we're doing this properly. You are not helping me by telling me it's there! This is ridiculous. I'm pretty sure you have to be entirely obscured; it's not so much having dim light. I might be wrong, but I don't want them to tell me-- Hiding. There it is. You can't hide from a creature that can see you. He can see in dim light. It's not darkness. He has disadvantage to perception checks because it's dim light. He does not have darkvision. She can see there. She would not be able to see you in this area here behind that wall. That's how it would work. Okay, I feel better about that. So what are you trying to do? 32. You move past here. I need Percy to make a perception check with disadvantage. He vanishes from sight from both of you guys. Where do you want to go? Okay. cool. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. No, it was half the damage you took. I'm trying to remember. You actually would still have Sunbeam still up. It was, but even then it's half the damage or a ten or higher. I was thinking of full damage at the time. It's half the damage or ten, whichever's higher. So you would still have Sunbeam. I'm sorry. I just realized that. You are, yeah. She still saw where you walked. Need you to roll constitution, I believe. Roll a constitution check, Pike. Wait, you rolled a three with a plus five con mod. I apologize. I'm so sorry about this. The chat room is really distracting me on this. It was a 13 halved, but ten, whichever's higher. Ten would have still been the DC. You rolled a three with a plus five, so you did still lose Sunbeam. My apologies. You guys are helpful sometimes. I really need to ignore chat. You did lose Sunbeam, yes. Half or ten, whichever is higher, is how concentration works. Always have to beat a ten no matter what. Yeah, sorry. I'm sure it's not the other way. That's why I don't have chat on during the game. I start second-guessing myself and I realize it's okay. You guys are kind of helpful sometimes, it's fine! TALIESIN and You are hexed, you do not have Sunbeam, but you are still full earth elemental form. It is a portion of the wall in which there is molten rock pooling out of the side, yes. You get the feeling this whole room has pockets of it that are based around molten rock. You can see which ones seem to be closer than others. You want to smash that open? Roll an attack! Your fist slams into the wall. Roll double damage because you're siege and this is technically part of a structure. Roll damage on your slam. 2d8 plus five and then double. Double the whole thing. 30 points of damage to the rock wall with one fist. Your knuckles take out a portion of the wall and molten rock begins to spill into the alley here. This whole area right now is spilling molten rock and is now considered an area of lava that is slowly expanding. You'd have enough movement, I think, to do that. With your earthglide? Yeah. Instead of going around it, you just boof through the wall. That's fine. That ends your turn. Percy, you're up. You see the glow of fresh molten rock beginning to spill from around the wall side, though you're not sure what the source is. Pike, the heat's causing you to sweat within your armor. As soon as you step into that spot-- You wouldn't know! You have no idea. As soon as you step into that spot, what's the saving throw on the guardian? That's the DC. Guardian of Faith. I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw. Yes. With your feat. You take half damage. You take ten points of radiant damage. Mark a 50 for you so keep track of the damage. Ten points of radiant damage as you stop right there in that spot. Suddenly, you see a glow emerge from the stone pillar and this armored half-golem made of pure radiant energy scoops out and slams you with a fist. You manage to pull out of the way just in time, but it still slams you in the shoulder, almost knocking you off your feet. You catch yourself. With the rest of your turn, you can. Oh no! So Retort goes back in the holster as you see Percy around the corner, pull out from his back, unfolds and locks into place. 23 points of piercing damage against Pike. All righty. Cure Wounds at what level? 3rd-level? What else are you doing in your turn? Just so you're mindful, 3rd-level means you can't cast another spell that's not above 2nd-level. Just so you know. Okay, cool. I know. Over there? All right. So you scoot over into this mid-area as the gnome cleric hides between the two boundaries of this rock formation, this small hallway. There you are, and you hear the burbling of slow-moving molten rock behind you. All right, that ends Pike's turn, we're back up to the top. Vax, you're up. So you move? Another ranged sneak attack against the earth elemental? All right. 30 points of piercing damage against your earth elemental form, the dagger striking part of your armored self and causing the stone to shatter and break in a section. How you at health-wise, Keyleth? You have to keep going. Wherever you think you need to be. Of your Haste? Okay. Okay. Percy, I need you to roll another perception check. He can still see past that. There's a base-to-base visible. You do not have disadvantage, though, because Sunbeam actually does give bright light in the room for a vicinity. Nope. You have no idea. Yeah. Yeah, you do. All right, you're there. That brings us to Keyleth. You do drop Sunbeam. God, I'm so confused now. I'm so confused. You guys have confused me. No, I know. So you still had disadvantage, but you would have missed anyway. Ugh, I'm going to just cover the chat now. I'm covering it up for my own purposes. But yeah. No worries, it's fine. Okay. Go ahead and roll your attack. That's fine. It's enough to hit the rock. Go ahead and roll damage. 18 damage? Doubled? Okay. So 18 points of damage. Your fist slams through the piece of rock there. It does open up some of the area and some of the lava begins to spill out, but it's just a slow trickle, it's not a large deluge. Go ahead and roll damage. All right, chat. Splintering pieces of volcanic rock go shattering through the room, skidding across the ground. You guys hear the blast as suddenly molten rock begins to spill out from that side now, also beginning to illuminate that portion of the floor. This whole vicinity is now also covered in lava. This one has actually expanded outward to cover that area. Okay. So that's five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30. What's your full move on the earth elemental? Are you then subterranean gliding through, based on what you did before? Because if not, your full movement's going to take you to there. Okay. Just so you know. All right, so you're right there. Cool. Ends Keyleth's turn. Percy, you're up. Go for it. So the first shot is reload, second attack is a shot. Do you have any Lucky left? Don't forget you have your luck points still. Your feat. He did for his level 14 feat for tonight. You can't double Lucky. Okay. Bad News is also broken. Okay. Oof. All right. On which gun? Cool. All right. So, after the gun echoes back, you can see the little bit of dull grey smoke spilling from the barrel, which immediately warns you of an impending blast, you put the gun down and shake it to get the explosive material out of the side as it just scatters upon the ground and burns naturally. You manage to fix it and ready it in time. A quick, swift action. Okay. Right there? Okay. Gotcha. Ends your turn, Percy. Pike, you're up. This way or this way? You step out to there. You can see Percy right across the way. You can get pretty close if you want to. You can get right there, yeah. Right up next to him. All right, at what level are you inflicting wounds? Okay. So go ahead and roll a melee spell attack. So roll a d20 and add your spell attack modifier, which I believe is plus 11. 28. You see Pike run around the corner, this glowing beacon of energy, and as she goes towards you, the radiant divine energy from her holy symbol shrieks into a deep black dark purple. As her hand reaches out and grasps at you, you try and dodge out of the way but her hand touches you and pain courses through your body. You take 4d10 necrotic damage, so go ahead and roll 4d10. 21 points of necrotic damage as, all of a sudden, the pain courses through your body, and a side of Pike you've never seen before all of a sudden frightens you. All righty. You're just going to stay right there? You still have your bonus action. You don't have enough movement, you just got there with your movement. You could. He will get a melee attack of opportunity. You only have Bad News out, so it's not really going to-- Yeah, no. So you could if you want to. All right, you get right back to where you were, yeah. Okay. All righty. That brings it to Vax's turn. This is getting interesting. Haste, man. You already confirmed the attack. Yeah, you have to roll, see what the roll is, and then see if you want to reroll it before you go ahead and confirm, I believe. Yeah. All right. So, that being the case, I'm going to need-- no, you're just out of the way. No one seems to see you. Right. Where are you moving to? Okay. Let me see. Yeah. Okay. All righty. Got it. Okay! All right. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. At the start of your turn, Keyleth, the lava has now spread out into this way and has created a complete bridge there. That is beginning to spread. It will, probably by next turn-- So, what are you doing, Keyleth? And actually, Percy, I need you to roll a concentration check against the damage you just took. Oh, no, you missed, that's right. Well, it would be against Pike's damage. So roll a concentration check against the damage that Pike did to you. For Hex. I usually forget to mention it because you don't take a lot of damage in battle most of the time. Hex is concentration, yeah. So roll a constitution check. Not save. Four. Hex has vanished from Keyleth. It's been kind of rough for you, Percy. You have tremor sense as an earth elemental? That's good to know. Hmm. Hold on a second. Let me check something in here. It might be in here. No, that's an important note to bring up. Thank you for that. Let me pull up the DMG here. All right. Let's go ahead and make sure I get this right. This is the DMG. Now, Monster Manual, you'll answer my question. Pardon me, folks. This is going to be interesting if this works. Yeah. What's the radius of your tremor sense? Vax, you know, is right there. We're not going to play it that way. They have no idea. It's possible. Oh no, you'll take some damage finally. What are you doing? Okay. So you're going to move into here? Okay. As you think you're-- It's true. So, all of a sudden-- Yeah. It's not the hidden, it's his Cloak of Displacement. So, all of a sudden, you turn the corner and you see bounding up Keyleth's earth elemental form zoning right in on you. Go ahead and make your first attack with disadvantage. Nope. First attack misses. Right, with disadvantage. Yeah. So she misses. But he's visible and he's there with you. All right. The lava has now spread and connected with the other pool there. There are now two streams of molten rock. All right. That brings us to Percy. That'll hit. Go ahead and roll damage on Pike. It was already loaded, right? Actually, it's not already loaded, right? Because you had to fix it last round. Sorry about that, guys. 18 points of piercing damage. The blast hits your armor. It rings in your ear for a minute, but the pain from the impact of the bullet actually touching past the inside of your chest is pretty rough. You can feel the bullet probably lodged itself an inch or two in. Pike, you're up. He's over here. You saw him rush up. What level for the spell? Okay. Go ahead and roll another spell attack. Yeah, that'll hit. So go ahead and roll another 4d10. On strength rolls you do not, no. 24 points of necrotic damage as Pike once again comes running behind, slams her hand onto you, and another jolt of horrible necrotic energy strikes through your body. Your vision's beginning to blur a little bit at the edges. What are you at now? Good. All righty. Pike, you still have your bonus action if you wanted to, or move if you want. He'll be able to get a melee attack on you if you pull away, and you only have one more square of movement anyway. You can move there. He'll get an attack on you for free. You've already used your action this turn to do the Inflict Wounds. Nope. It's 1d4 plus five is what it'll be. It's true. So you gain six hit points. All righty. That ends your turn, Pike? You good? All right. Vax, you're up. Go ahead and make an attack of opportunity on him with disadvantage. No. It meets air as he sweeps backward. A bunch of various metallic and glass marbles all spill out onto the ground around you. All right. There it is. The DMG. It spilled down. (chuckles) What else are you doing, buddy? Okay, go ahead and make a stealth check. All right. Is now the time? Percy, you do get to make a perception roll. You know where he is. You have no idea whereabouts he's gone off to. I need you to go ahead and make an athletics check to leap. ASHLEY and No. You can't parkour over molten rock. You manage to just skirt over the molten area and not go plummeting a second time with your foot in lava. That brings us to Keyleth's turn. What are you doing? It's a 60-foot radius, right? Where are you again, show me? I'm just seeing the range here. All right, no, you do not sense him. You felt him run this way and then vanish. So you go ahead and take a blow on this wall there? The whole wall is technically what you'd be going for. Okay. You have to move forward to do that. I want you to make a dexterity check. You (grunting) sliding on the marbles, just barely get yourself there. You don't fall prone but you get yourself to the wall. Make your attack. The first fist hits it and the wall is stronger than you thought. It kind of hurts your knuckles at the impact. Yeah, go ahead and roll damage for the second strike. You slam into the wall and rocks break and shoot forward. This section of the wall now is currently visible through. You can travel past or see through it. Percy and Pike, you look behind you as you hear the slamming of rock and you can see part of the wall slam forward, and behind it a very angry earth elemental. I'm going to go ahead and mark that as an open part of the wall. You can still move, or do you want to stay there? Into that area? You're still scooting over the marbles, but you made your check this turn. You pull back and this area is still pretty bad for you. That finishes Keyleth's turn. Percy, you're up. (clang) Across her armor. Her thick, armored exterior deflects the blow. The blade doesn't make any sort of impact or wound. What's your AC right now? All right, that hits. Roll your damage. I've been forgetting the concentration checks for your spell that you had on giving you the AC bonus. It's fine, we'll do it now. Go ahead and roll a constitution check. Just roll a d20 and add your constitution modifier. Total nine? You lose your plus two AC bonus spell. So your AC is now naturally the 20 normally. That ends your turn, Percy? Pike, you're up. Go ahead and roll a physical attack against Percy. 23 I believe hits against your armor class, right? Go ahead and roll damage. It's a d6 because it's a shortsword, an extra d6 of cold damage, and an extra d8 of-- sorry, 3d6 is what it is. No, it's an extra d8, I think. Let me go check. The war cleric bonus, you don't do a lot of melee. Pardon me, folks. Right, but because you're war-based, you have Divine Strike, it's an extra d8. So 2d6 plus 1d8. There we go. My apologies. Pike reaches back and slams into you with the Frostbrand. The cut of the blade is hard enough, but the cold enchantment on it causes the wound itself to seal with ice. Anything else you want to do, Pike? You have your bonus action still, and your movement if you wanted to try to move away. It's up to you. You just used your action. Shield of Faith is a bonus action? Then yeah, you can. So with that, your radiant field of protective energy begins to shimmer across your upper torso again, helping to improve your armor class. Are you going to stay where you are, or are you going to move? This way? You do get your attack of opportunity against her. So roll damage. Ten points of slashing damage against you, Pike. As you back away, Percy gets one strike with the weapon as you turn around the corner. All right, that ends your turn. Vax, you're up. Oh, Vax, real fast, I need you to go ahead and make a dexterity saving throw. That is not going to work. You take 20 points of radiant damage as a guardian in this vicinity all of a sudden-- So you take half damage. You take ten points of radiant damage as you rush by. All of a sudden, an unseen guardian of energy comes forming out of the wall and slams into you as you pass. Yeah, you did. This technically would have happened last turn. Yeah, because I forgot it last turn. So it's another ten damage. Mark that. No, it's just damage. Okay. 24? All right. Percy, what's your AC? All right, so that's a hit. A dagger comes out of nowhere as you look over just in time to see it coming at you, you're going to go ahead and-- All right, go ahead and attempt to Missile Snare. Well no, it's a reaction to do it, isn't it? You've already used your reaction to do that attack of opportunity against Pike. Yeah. So, yeah, you don't have the reaction to do it, unfortunately. 36 points of piercing damage against you. With that, Percy, you fall to the ground, the dagger sticking out of the side of your neck. You are currently-- Pinned you to the wall? We'll say as you fall back the blade takes you and pins you against the wall. You are (dying sound) eyes roll back closed. I mean, you could. All right. Pike, I need you to go ahead and roll a perception check. 13, okay, yeah, you see a flash as Vax runs past you and then disappears around the corner. All righty. So, with that, it is Keyleth's turn. You sensed Vax run this way and then vanish from your current visual range of tremor sense. Yep, go ahead and make another dexterity saving throw. Yeah, you manage to just scoot past him again without falling over. You would have sensed Vax actually moving last round even then, because you didn't move that far. You do know where he is. What are you doing, Keyleth? Okay. You can see through this wall still. I mean, you still remember where he was, but your tremor sense is no longer there, so you have to-- Flaming Sphere? Okay, where is Flaming Sphere going to go? You're still not dead yet, you're unconscious. If you manage to-- which happened in our last battle royale-- roll a natural 20 on a death saving throw, you come back to consciousness. So Flaming Sphere at 4th level? That means you'll be doing 4d6 fire damage. Where are you putting it? Okay, right there, or right on there? It's a five-foot diameter sphere, that's how big it is. Okay. Bright light shines in the area, and from your visual perspective, you show up because of where you are. Where's your figure? The Flaming Sphere appears. So that's your action, and as a bonus action, you can move the sphere up to 30 feet if you wanted to, to ram it into something. The sphere starts slamming into you. Make a dexterity saving throw. You do. 26. Unfortunately, he dodges out of the sphere as it slams into the wall. Percy, you take a death saving throw automatically as the Flaming Sphere rolls over your current unconscious body, pinned against the wall. Yeah, you do. You're one down. Well, you can't hide, you used your action. Okay, so there you are behind the wall. Ending your turn, Keyleth. Percy, roll another death saving throw. No, she's already made her roll this turn. Ten or higher is what you want. That's a second death saving throw. You're down two. Pike, you're up. You see this burst of flame and around the corner, you see a very visible Vax, just out of the corner of your eye, dodge the fire. Yeah, this is the one time you will. All right, with Flame Strike, suddenly, fire and divine light come bursting up in a column around you up to the ceiling in a horrible spray of flame. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. No. That's 8d6 fire damage and 8d6 radiant-- sorry, 4d6 fire, 4d6 radiant. So yeah, 8d6 points of damage. And Percy incinerates, his body is turned to ash. You set it to necrotic. I know, but you said necrotic. So you take half damage of whatever this is. (chuckles) Hashtag no mercy for Percy! (laughter) 21 points of damage to you. You take ten points of damage. You can still move if you want, you have not moved yet. 2nd-level? So 2d4 plus five. Nice! So 12 points of healing to you. And you want to move as well? Over here? There? She can. Where you were? Yeah. Okay, using the light of Sarenrae to hopefully guide you. That ends your turn, Pike. Vax, you're up. Pike's hiding out, there's still a little bit of line of sight on you, just on the edge based on the square you are on. That's where his corpse was on right now, and there's a big flaming sphere that's also lighting up the area. There's no real darkness there. Obscuring yourself is the only way that would aid you. Yeah, it's chilling there, burning on this side. As you pull back, you see Vax pop around the corner, throw a dagger, and it streaks off your shield and you knock it out of the way. Yes, you can see through this part of the wall right there. That wall is still there. Okay. Go ahead and make a perception check, Pike. You have no idea where Vax is. Vax has essentially vanished from view. Finishing that turn, comes to Keyleth. Nope. You hid to keep out of the view of everything. To be fair, currently Vax has no idea where you are either. If you peek around right now, you can go and look, if you want to. Okay, as you peek around the corner, Pike is currently not visible. Nope. A non-rogue leaping over there? Probably. Yeah, you make noise when you run anyway, regardless. Only a stealthy character who's already hidden that it would be a thing. What do you got, Keyleth? Do you have any spells that cover an area that are helpful? Like Faerie Fire, anything like that? Rough call against a rogue, that would have been clutch. But now you know for the future. Just letting you know. It was very good. Sleet Storm's an action. With a 40-foot radius centered at a point you choose within range. Yep. Where do you want to place it? You saw him in this area. Centered from where? Centering it from there will only get this section. If you center it further out, you'll hit more of an area, just so you know from a tactical standpoint. It's a 40-foot radius, it's going to hit everything. Know that the radius is very big on this, so before you put it too close to a wall, you can have more space. Flaming Sphere drops. All right, so the center is where? That is the center of your Sleet Storm. Suddenly, out of nowhere, a burst of freezing rain and sleet starts spilling out of the sky, conjured from this temporal portal that pulls from some distant elemental dimension. As it hits the ground, a lot of the lava begins to cool and darken in certain areas. This area begins to cool a little bit. Not entirely, but it's beginning to fight against the cold temperature. At the start of its turn, yep. That's true. Is that your action? And do you move anywhere, or do you stay where you are? Yeah, you tuck back against the wall. There you are. So, that brings us to-- no longer Percy, Percy is gone. Sorry buddy, crossing you off there. Pike, your turn begins. This sleet and rain is hitting you from all over the place. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Eight? You immediately fall prone as the slick ice causes you to fall to the ground, which means it'll take half your movement to stand up. Not a huge deal. However, any spells you are concentrating in, you have to make a successful constitution saving throw. So make a constitution saving throw. You lose your armor spell again, so you're back down to an AC of 20. Pike, now's your turn. Okay, you have ten more feet to move, so two more squares if you wanted to. Magic Circle is a one-minute casting time. That will take you ten rounds to cast. Yeah, sorry, girl. Spirit Guardians? At what level? Which is the basic level. All of a sudden, there is another entity that has swirled around you. This spectral image of Sarenrae is now looming over Pike's form, just waiting. Ending Pike's turn, now up to Vax. You have your bonus still, if you wanted to do that. As a bonus action? That's two concentration spells at once, you'll lose Spirit Guardians. Yeah, sorry. Okay. So heal seven. That brings us to Vax. What are you doing, buddy? Technically she's inside this area there. She's tucked against the wall much like how you were tucked against the wall there. You know she's around there, but you'd probably have to traverse-- She'd be further spaced out from there. Sorry. Yes. However, at the start of your turn, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw because of the sleet around you. 21. What's the DC on your spell, Keyleth? Yes it is. 19, yeah, so you save. You're fine. No damage, no prone. This wall's open. Yeah, so she would have no cover on this. 21, is that your AC? With that, sneak attack damage against Keyleth. 33 points of piercing damage against you, Keyleth. As the dagger hits you in the back of the shoulder, you feel a sharp pain. It's weird being on the opposing end of Vax's daggers. Make a stealth check. Pike, I need you to roll a perception check. Okay. And with that, I need Vax to make a dexterity saving throw. 21. You manage to pull through the vicinity without any impact. Ending Vax's turn, Keyleth, you're up. Mm-hmm. Although you do need to roll a concentration for the attack against you, which was thirty-what? 19 would be more than half, you're fine. And you maintain concentration. Half of that would have been 16 or 17. Yeah, you don't see her. You haven't seen her for a while. Technically, also, Vax, once again, I need you to make a wisdom saving throw as well. 13. (chuckles) You take 3d8 radiant damage. Yep, so go ahead and roll 3d8. As the spirit guardian that's been looming over and can see over the wall and that whole vicinity-- as you run past, both of those spells blast at you. One of them you manage to dodge, but the Sarenrae guardian reaches out and slams a giant light blade down into you. No, because you're currently hiding behind the wall. It is a blast of energy, but from a styling standpoint, it's a-- You can Uncanny Dodge-- no, this is not a spell attack against you, it just happens. So, no, Uncanny Dodge would not help you on this. He already went through that and saved fine. So you take 12 points of radiant damage. At the end of your turn, now it's Keyleth, right? Make a perception check. Natural one! Not yet, no. You did see some flashes of divine energy in that vicinity, but that's all you see. Yeah. In this general vicinity. You haven't seen her for a while. It's up to you, you can-- Yeah, you have plenty of room there. You can do all the way across there if you wanted to. You can do that if you wanted to. However, it's a concentration-- no, we made into an instant spell. The concentration made no sense for Wall of Stone for older editions. That being the case, we're looking at-- currently now, stone wall's up here and stone wall's up here. You have no idea. All right, does that end you turn, Keyleth? Keyleth, does that end your turn? All right. Pike, you're up. Okay, you tuck against the wall. If you want to go ahead and look around, yeah. You've already made your perception check. I'd say if you really wanted to honestly look for him, I'd let you take an action to do it. Yeah, you have no idea where he is right now. Yeah, you saw it go off around that area and strike down over the edge of the wall this way. (singing) Insect Plague. (normal voice) It is concentration, so this would-- Up to you. It is a 20-foot radius. Where do you want to put it? Which one? Around this area? Okay, so, keeping you outside the radius. Where do you want it to go? This whole area there, the center where it went off? Okay. But keeping you out of the radius, I imagine? So maybe putting you about there would get this whole area there. You drop down Insect Plague, your spirit guardian vanishes as, instead, suddenly, swirling from the cracks in the ground, a cloud of biting scarabs, locusts, and various poisonous insects begin to fill the area. The loud buzzing sound fills the entire area. Vax, I need you to make a constitution saving throw. No, she said where it happened. But away from herself. It would have been-- Natural one. 4d10 piercing damage. No, it's just piercing damage. Things biting and clawing at him. Correct, yeah. Only against directed spell attacks. Four. What you did do? 13 points of piercing damage. You see, all of a sudden, all the insects coalesce and start biting in an area. You see the shape of Vax appearing in this corner there, briefly, as the insects are biting. You want to move, still? You can move over there if you want to. So through the pains and anger and the cloud, you can just-- The area is lightly obscured. You can, but you'll lose your Insect Plague. It's concentration, yeah. The insects stay until you leave the area. So let's see here. That's part of that. There. Ending Pike's turn, that brings us to Vax. There is no way to see through these walls right now, technically. It's in the design. However, you do also need to make a dexterity saving throw as you rush into the radius. Technically, yeah. Thank you for reminding me. This will be the Sleet Storm. You make one as well. Three? You would have not been able to get over there. You would have gotten to there with your full movement. You had to use half of it to get up. She technically only got that far. So you know. Okay. Now make another dexterity check. No, a dexterity saving throw, sorry. As you rush into the radius of her Guardian-- No, she has two up, one of them isn't concentration. It lasts for eight hours. It's what he does. Got it. Okay. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. You watch as this cloud of insects appears in this corner. You see a coughing Vax run this way to the edge and then disappear behind that wall. He disappears through this little channel here, and he doesn't appear to leave it. There's still insects filling this whole space here. This is getting real interesting. Yeah, not too bad. Okay, so we'll say cube, cube, cube. Covering this vicinity here? Okay. So suddenly the ground, already hot, bursts forth in flames surrounding the whole area. What's the saving throw on that? Pike, I need you to roll a dex saving throw. Yeah, just Pike. All right, go ahead and roll damage. I know someone in the chat's paying attention, and I lost track of that. How many rounds have we gone so far? I should not have asked chat. (laughs) Okay, so just so you're aware, the surge of energy that you felt from your boots has faded. You no longer have the haste enchantment. Yeah, it's been 13. You've technically had it for more rounds than you should've, but it's fine. All right, so is that your turn? What else are you doing? Okay, so you move back into this little area there. Are you moving further back this way or staying in that same pocket there? Okay, we'll say there. All right, cool. That ends Keyleth's turn. Pike, you're up. The flames that erupt around you subside. You're finding yourself singed and burned and angry. I need you to go ahead and roll a constitution check to see if you maintain-- how much damage did you take total from that? 48 damage. Roll a constitution check. You have to beat a 24. Insect Plague fades away. The insects subside and vanish. Go for it. What level are you doing it? Level four? Okay. I'm pretty sure this is all your 4th-level spells, right? You have one more? You have two, but I'm pretty sure Spirit Guardians-- you put that at a higher level, that's right. What was it, guardian-- No, that's true. Your Guardian of Faith was 4th-level. You couldn't do that at a higher level. So this would be your last 4th-level spell. Oh! So the ring gives you an additional four levels in spells. Okay. Okay. They have to have already been prepared, is how it would work. We'll say you had your Guardian Spirit as what you had in there, as part of your plan anyway, so that's fine. We're using the basic gear you would have normally. So technically you would have that ring? There was a 3rd-level one. Anyway. For the time being, as we're on. It's a one-time thing. Over here? Back around this way or this way? Okay. This section. Okay, all right. That ends Pike's turn. Vax, you're up. Pike, as you run up, all of a sudden you hear a ting! And a blade streaks off the back of your armor. You turn the corner and you see Vax looking there sheepishly. You do. You're no longer hasted. Yeah, that would be a solid wall. Go ahead and roll a perception check, just to keep that in mind. No. You just see him duck on the other side of the wall and vanish. Rogues, man. Okay, that ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. Nope. You can't see anybody. No, these walls are full walls. These aren't little. Nope. Your guess is as good as anybody's. Sleet Storm was dropped, guys. It's all good. Yeah, you took a bunch of damage. No, you didn't. It's still going. I'm so confused by all your spells. I'm trying to keep all this in my head, ugh. Okay. Pike, make a dex save. Yeah, even though you probably didn't move that far, so you would have just moved back half your movement, so you're fine. It's fine. Didn't make a huge difference. It's true, you do confuse me. Love you guys, but you do confuse me. No. You have locked yourself into a bunker with a very limited viewpoint. So you can either wait it out or start making a guessing game. You didn't see anything. You ducked behind that wall. Still insects over here, dashes of light over here, yeah. And you saw Pike over here get flamed. Sure, make a perception check. (laughter) Yeah. You're such an asshole. Remember, you can also hold your action in case something-- You can have a spell ready and have it trigger for a spell that can happen once it occurs. So that's 2d8 plus six for you. 13. You heal 13 hit points. Pike, you're up. So 2d8 plus five. All right, Shield of Faith is up again, protecting you, standing where you are, not moving anywhere. All right, cool. Vax, you're up. Oh, at the top of your turn, by the way, because sleet's still moving, dexterity saving throw. You didn't move, so it wouldn't have made a huge difference anyway, so that's fine. She cast it at the end of her turn. She already lost concentration because of your last flaming column of fire of doom. So dexterity saving throw? Yeah, you're fine. All right, that ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. This is your action to take your perception, by the way. Bonus action, we'll say. 27? What did you roll? Are you looking through this way? You don't see anything. Until? Okay. Good to know. All right, that brings us to Pike's turn. Pike, what are you doing? You can't hold your whole turn. You have an action prepared. What do you want to do with your action? Okay, so you're going to hold your attack action until somebody attacks you? Okay. That brings us to Vax's turn. Okay. It is now Keyleth's turn. I'm going to give you damage for that. (laughs) I'm kidding. This is turning into a bad Counterstrike match real fast. Looking out where? Nothing. You're on deck, Pike. You didn't cast it. It never happened. Yeah. You didn't actually cast it. You were ready that if it happened, you would do it immediately. You could do the same thing, if you wanted to, though it seems like everyone is doing nothing right now, so if this continues, I'm going to have to shake things up. It is, but the sleet spell has cooled it, and most of this now is darkened rock again, actually, due to the constant cold rain and snow. It's still hot in there, but there's a shell of rock over it. You're not sure how strong it is. Also, how does the sleet spell work? You may have walked into your own spell radius. When a creature enters the spell area. Yeah. If you don't want to do that, you can back up, but otherwise, you'd be walking right into your sleet spell. Yeah, it's a 40-foot radius, so it's out to here. What are you doing? Yup. Yup. So you have a ten-foot-wide column you can put anywhere for 30 feet. Starting from where? Okay. Five, ten, 15, 20, 25, 30 would just hit Pike. All right, so, Pike, as you're waiting and waiting, all of a sudden you see this surge of water come splashing across the way towards you. You turn-- Make a dexterity check. Or a dexterity saving throw, sorry. Tidal Wave. It's what she used to destroy the elementals. So you take 4d6 bludgeoning damage and you are knocked prone here. 17 points of bludgeoning damage, and you are knocked prone as the wave crashes over you, dissipating into the stonework around, leaving little puddles that begin to steam and boil upon the impact across the ground, even as the sleet storm is crashing all around you. All righty. You're up, Pike. Okay, at the top of your turn, you need to make a constitution saving throw. Yeah, so you maintain your armor. You can move there. That's about as far as you can get with only half your movement left, so. If you want to. Just make an attack up here? Okay. Roll an attack. 28. Whoosh, through the air. Nothing there. All right. Is that all you're going to do on your turn? All right. Vax, you're up. That will drop stealth. Okay. Are you holding what you were holding before? Okay. Okay. Got it. All right, cool. That ends Vax's turn. Keyleth, you're up. No. Nobody's in view right now. (laughter) (laughs) All right, what are you doing, Keyleth? Okay. You will lose Sleet Storm. You good with that? Sleet Storm has been somewhat effectual with Pike, but she's not moving much. Doesn't seem to affect, so it's up to you. It can be useful. You drop it and go Call Lightning. Sleet Storm ceases as suddenly a small cloud begins to form at the top of this chamber. You hear the crackling and rolling thunder as little flashes of electrical energy begin to appear across the ceiling. There? Okay. With that, (thunder). A blast of lightning hits the floor, smashes into the ground, rocks get thrown. No apparent effect. All right. You going to go back in your corner? All right. Pike, you're up. Last fourth spell. Death Ward on Pike. Boom. I'm going to wait-- What else are you doing? You can make a Spiritual Weapon that can move around and be a danger, but can't really make it to help you see stuff. I mean, an extra bonus action attack doesn't hurt if something does show up, so. Up to you. What do you want to do? Okay. What level? Okay, so a basic Spiritual Weapon appears. I'll go with this yellow one. Where do you want it to go? Right above you? All right, so that'll be right there. Okay, that end your turn? All right, suddenly-- The entirety of the room begins to quake and shift. You hear the cracking as, all of a sudden, every stone wall bursts forth and molten rock begins to spill into the territory. All the walls, now, five feet of lava have filled in. Show me on the map where you last were? Yes, show me. Okay. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. Don't have advantage anymore, because Haste is gone. Yeah, it's plenty. So you dodge out of the way just in time, however, you guys watch as all the walls now, within five feet of them, are now just spilling lava and it's filling into the room. You get the sense that it's going to continue to fill with each passing round. All the walls are slowly closing in until the room fills with lava. No, you do not. It is now Vax's turn. From what you can tell. You don't see her. You don't see her. Okay. All right. Just a little? To where? Give me specifically. Sorry, guys. All right, so. You hear in the distance this kind of hissing sound. Hand me the sheet real fast? So I-- As from around the corner, a tiny serpent appears and lashes out at you, Keyleth. Simon, a very familiar friend. Rears back and strikes at you, being the poisonous snake that it is. Go ahead and roll a d20. All right. It strikes at you, and you just kinda step back and go, "Aw, Simon." But there is now a tiny little snake there. All righty. That ends your turn. All right. Keyleth, you're up. No. Not really, the wall's too high. The walls are about ten feet up. Perception check as a bonus action. Okay. Good to know. All right, Pike, you're up. Blight or Call Lightning. Which one are you going to do? Okay. Usually, you tell what spell you're preparing. Okay, good to know. As a bonus action, you can move it 20 feet and repeat an attack against a creature within five feet. Okay, cool. Top of the round! The lava begins to pool further into the room. You guys notice now as molten rock is now beginning to spill at the ten-foot radius around the walls. Pike, it's starting to get close to closing off the exit of this wall. You see it now beginning to spill into this lava form there. Correct. But it's still spilling out of all the walls on each side. You need to make another dexterity check. You stepped one in, away from it, and then it moved in one more. One. You take 42 points of fire damage As the lava surges past you, you manage to just step out of the very edge, but a familiar sensation hits you as the severe pain you once held in one foot, you now feel in both. All righty! Vax, it's your turn. The moment you appear, Keyleth, you get your Blight spell. No, it's ranged. It's a 30-foot range. As soon as you appear. No, constitution saving throw. All right, that is 8d8 necrotic damage against you. You do have necrotic resistance. So 14 points of necrotic damage to you. You're down? All right. Keyleth, it's your turn. Vax is down. It's up to you. What do you want to do? You don't do anything, as she kicks your unconscious form into the molten rock, and your body slowly burns away. This isn't so much about death saving throws as your unconscious body, unable to do anything, is being pushed slowly into molten rock. Vax is no more. You watch as the molten rock takes his arm, as it slowly disappears beneath the lava, Marisha, it turns into a middle finger, and disappears beneath the molten rock. So that's your action, kicking his body into the lava. What do you want to do now? You still have a move, and a bonus if you wanted to use it. I know you wouldn't sink in lava. It's fantasy lava. Every time I look over to chat, there's just someone-- Ugh. It's fun. We're having a good time. She pushed him partially into it and he just burst into flames, is what really would have happened, but it's fine. It's all good. The physics in Exandria are different than your normal mortal realm. All right. So. You move over there, and you're done? So 1d4 plus six. And Pike, you're up after this. All right. Pike, you're up. Dude, you had a good game. All right. You peek around the corner, and you see Keyleth immediately off across the lava. You also see there is lava lapping at your foot and you can see it moving slowly in your direction. Well, first off, the sleet spell you let go for Call Lightning? That's five, ten. You can move all the way over here if you want, it's up to you. Or over here. Okay, you move right there. All right. And you can use your bonus action to move your blade if you want to as well, 20 feet. So you're going to do that? Five, ten. Where do you want to go for the rest of it? Towards Keyleth? 15, 20. It just floats over the lava, so it's fine. Oh, you're about to find out is what you're about to find out! Oh, no. Okay! Keyleth, make a constitution saving throw. (giggling) Oh no... All right. You take 14d6 necrotic damage. Re-roll the cocked one. That's fine. 44 points of necrotic damage. By the way, your max health is also reduced by 44. What does that bring you to? 51 hit points. All right, so that's your Harm spell! Yep, that's it, you're done. All right, Keyleth. Top of the round. The lava pools in even further, and now three squares away from the wall are currently filled now, so you guys are starting to get pushed into the lava pool in the center. You probably have two very careful rounds before you're both taking lava damage. Yeah, you guys can see each other. It's right down to this lava-filled room, the glow of the molten rock around you under-lighting you both as you're standing in the center around this pool, staring at one another for the final showdown. You hear the laughing of the Beyonder in the distance. (Doofus-esque voice) "Heh, heh, this is great." All right, Pike, I need you to roll a dexterity saving throw. Your favorite! Oh, shit. All right. So roll 3d10 lightning damage, halved. 11 points of lightning damage. As the lightning hits you, charging though your body, the War Cleric in you fills up with even more rage. All right. So a vine whips out 30 feet. (counting) Yeah, she's in range. All right, so, Pike, I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. The vine streaks out, black and charred, almost like the dead forest-type exterior. It whips around you and drags you forward 20 feet into the center of the lava. You take-- (giggling) Oh my God. This is not good for you. All right, so that's 45 points of fire damage. As you're now being pulled into this hard but super molten rock shell, your whole body bursts into flames as now the flaming fires of righteousness of Sarenrae are now met by the flaming fires of your flesh actually burning off. What are you at, health-wise? Keyleth, that's the end of your turn? All right, Pike, you're up! Pike, you can move out of this, because if you stay in there at the end of your turn, you're going to take the damage again. The vine's still right there, ready to grab you again. The Grasping Vine itself is more of an effect that she can continue, to have more vines grow out of it, so it's not going to do much. You've seen it before, you know how it works. The vine can only pull towards it. Yeah. So if you were to move towards the vine, it wouldn't be able to pull you into the lava again, essentially. Which direction? The vine's right there. The lava has now pooled into here. You're only really going to have this space and this space. Yeah! You haven't done anything. All you did was move. As a bonus action, you could move this over to attack her, if you wanted to. Yeah, as a bonus action. Although it is a concentration spell, and I need you to roll against 44 points of damage. Roll a constitution check. Plus your constitution? Oh, with your constitution? Nah. Spiritual Weapon is gone. If you wanted to try and shove her, there is lava right behind her there. You can Command one word. You can try. Let me see here. Let me look at this real fast. It has no effect if your command is directly harmful to it, so it wouldn't work. This is going to be interesting. All right, so you move into here. Well, you can probably do it from here, because technically you're both adjacent at this point. Go ahead and you can make a shove as your attack. Make a strength (athletics) check. All right, you can roll either an athletics or an acrobatics check, Keyleth. Pike rushes around the corner with her shield and slams into you. You get pushed back into the lava that has curled out from that side. Let's see. Yeah, okay, so Keyleth takes, as part of this action, 19, 29, 35 points of fire damage from the shove. You're alive? All right. Pike, does that end your turn? You haven't used your bonus action yet, I don't think. You used your action to shove. What spell is it? Divine Word. Let me pull this up real fast. Divine Word is a bonus action, yeah. (laughs in surprise) Okay, yeah, you can do this! You can, yeah. Because you used your action to shove. All right, Keyleth, I need you to make a charisma saving throw. (laughs) I know. How many hit points are you at? Ashley, how do you want to do this? So, how Divine Word works "You utter a Divine Word, imbued with the power that shaped the "world at the dawn of Creation." Because clerics. "Choose any number of creatures you can see within "range. Each creature that can hear you must make a charisma saving throw. On a failed save, a "creature suffers an effect based on its hit points." 50 or lower, they're deafened for a minute. 40 or lower, they're deafened and blinded for ten minutes. 30 or lower, they're blinded, deafened, and stunned for an hour. 20 hit points or lower killed instantly. Ashley, how do you want to do this? She's in the lava right now. As you slam her head down, radiant, divine energy fills the space around you, and then curls dark as you push your friend face-down into the lava. You hear her screams muffled as the molten rock begins to consume her hair, burning off her head, the divine energy protecting you from the heat. As you pull back suddenly, this smoldering, smoky ruin that was once Keyleth begins to slowly melt away against the tide of lava. The pouring rock halts in place as a voice goes, "And... I "have my victor!" Suddenly, the lava right behind you tears open, and you find yourself falling, plummeting into darkness, and the plummeting turns into just falling and falling, then light begins to fill the space beneath you, and you look down as a small platform of marble approaches you. You think you're about to crash into it at full terminal velocity. Instead, your feet gingerly touch, and you come to stand there. The same strange, white-clad, jheri curl-haired gentleman walks up to you and goes, "Well played!" and high-fives you. "I'll send you on back. Your "friends are fine!" and then you see the corpses of your three friends rise up out of the marble, still as wrecked as they were from the battle. It's a little disturbing. He hasn't restored them to their actual form. They all start shambling towards you. He goes, "Oh, sorry about that. Er, this was a dream!" Snaps, and he goes to darkness. Well done! Congratulations! (cheering) Four hit points, the lava pushing in, that was crazy! I didn't realize that was a bonus action! It would have brought you back to one. (laughing) Oh, that sucks. You put necrotic resistance specifically because you were afraid of Blight. Yeah. Aww. Spell resistance gives you advantage on spell saving throws, yes. No, it would've. Yep. It was a charisma saving throw. Roll again. The outcome's already happened, but. What was your charisma bonus? Your charisma saving throw bonus is plus three? Well, this is a valuable lesson in remembering what your spells can do. Possibly, yeah. It was an epic end. It all balances out. It all comes out in the wash. That Divine, man, that's such a cool ability. But be aware that she still had Death Ward, so even if you did hit her with that-- Done something else, yes. Either way, that was an epic end. Man, cleric victory, both Battle Royales we've had. Yeah, everyone out there is like, "Eh, I don't want to play a cleric." Yeah. That saved you! Staying off to the side and healing yourself with your bonus actions and stuff, when no one was around? Hey, man, that's what saved you. Yeah. Well done, guys. You guys were down to the wire, as far as spell options. One day. All of Vox Machina. No. You have to understand, you guys had a lot of stand-away characters in this. Throwing Grog in the mix changes everything very quickly. He can move quickly and tear your face off quickly. And having Vex over there, who does a shit-ton of damage from a distance. And Sam of course being Sam. Having all of you guys in one arena, fighting? I'm looking forward to it. It's going to be a real crazy fight when it happens. And he's got War Caster, so he gets advantage on his concentration checks, too. It's fine. You still succeeded. Everyone's saying "Happy Birthday, Liam and Laura!" Yeah, they're all wishing you Happy Birthday!