Welcome, everyone, to a kind of Critical Role. (laughs) Critical Rejects, and/or the delightful return of some interesting characters and some fresh faces you'll see here in a second. Tonight, as part of the Extra Life Charity Stream, we're going to be running a one-shot game, continuing the current crazed adventures of the illustrious Vox Moronica. (laughs) It should be some interesting fun in that regard. Let's see, I don't think we have much else to announce, other than we're going for our next goal at 60,000. Felicia is going to do a Rock Band concert if we hit 60k tonight. I'm vying to maybe be the drummer for that, because I'm pretty good at drums, and by that I mean I'll destroy them. Good or bad, you'll find out, but let's see if we hit 60k. Felicia will do that, it would be awesome. You guys have already been fantastic, blowing through the goals as we have, so we'll see how much this momentum of positive awesomeness we can carry through to the end of the stream tonight. And as part of that, let's go ahead and bring ourselves into the mood for some Critical Rejects. [dramatic music] Fantastic. All right, and following that up, we have in the center over here the illustrious Snugglelord, if you want to go ahead and give us a rundown of what you're all about. Fantastic. That is our illustrious Snugglelord. And to his left we have, returning, the wondrous, talented, and very forceful personality-- That's Ulfgar. All righty. On the other table we have three-- well, characters in a bit. We'll get to the introductions when they become part of the story, but for now we have three of our talented members of Vox Machina, and the regular Critical Role crew will be jumping into some new characters tonight that will be unveiled later. Go ahead and introduce yourselves real fast. No, just yourselves. Rocking. Thank you. Awesome. Great introductions, all right. I do want to talk about the donation aspect of tonight's game, or has that already been established? And on that note, let's go ahead and jump in and begin tonight's game. So... Salty Pete. Actually, the Snugglelord I believe has a custom miniature. Is that in the studio at the moment? That's okay. We'll use this for you in the meantime, but-- That's okay. You'll only hear about it on Twitter. So. To begin. Salty Pete, Snugglelord, and Ulfgar, having done some dubious, yet strangely publically lauded deeds in the recent months, enjoyed a small period of fleeting coin surplus where they drank and gambled away most of their hard-earned bounties. This period of hard luck, almost seemingly brought on by the mildly antagonistic scoundrel Shendo McCree, has you nearing doing far dirtier work than you were used to, which, that'd be quite dirty based on your past history. Well, things you've done in the past involved, from what the public knows, saving a small village from a poisonous arcane sand golem and some artefact beneath. On the outside and not known so well, you burned half the village down, you nearly threatened to kill the few survivors that were there, and took what little bit of gold remained in the pockets of those completely distraught villagers. You did. You did. You're right, I take it back. However. Currently ailing from the immediate lack of funds, you sit about the raucous, alcohol-misted tavern known as Verian's Beer Den, drinking what remains from the inside of your coin purses, and currently discussing amongst yourselves how the hell to pull yourselves out of this looming debt. All right. If I could have you guys all roll a perception check real fast. Go ahead and roll a d20, add your perception skill to the d20 roll. Snugglelord. 19. Okay. While Salty Pete is currently staring at the lowly stumps of what used to be his digits on one hand, the two of you notice on the far side of the bar, a young girl, maybe 16 or so, rushes into the tavern from the back with a hooded cloak covering most of her features. She runs over to the tavern owner behind the bar, a rather robust-looking gentleman in his mid-30s, big square chin, Gaston in appearance, and a bit of swagger to how he runs this establishment. This being the Verian character. She runs up to him and hands him a piece of parchment, talking to him for a bit. You can't make out the actual speech, and they're too far to make out what the lips are saying, but she hands him the parchment and they speak for a bit. Verian then reaches down and hands her a little bit of gold. Ulfgar, you recognize the amount of gold passed over, as you are very tuned in to the presence of gold. (laughter) As you approach Verian at the bar and say this to him, Verian looks at you with a quizzical expression and goes, "Well... I don't mean to tell you one way or the other, but I am first off very "confused, but mildly blushing at this offer you've given me. But, strangely enough, you walk with "those two at the table you were just at, I assume, yes?" "All right, well, Snuggleface as well. Come this way. It appears I have a notice for the three "of you, and I would like to share this information." "Yes. It's requested right here." "Well. That is information that comes with a price in this place. Understood, information is "expensive, and I paid quite a sum to be the messenger. It's the way the work is done, my friend." Go ahead and make a persuasion roll. (laughter) He goes, "A tempting offer, based on the knots that have been acquired over many years of "hard labor behind this bar, but I think, as you would respect, money talks..." "For what? I fail to see, despite your somewhat demonic appearance, the soft, cuddly "exterior of the clothing you wear, I have not this-- you stare at me with such darkness. I am "confused by this." Snugglelord. Make an intimidation check with disadvantage. (laughter) Yes. Roll twice and take the lower. (laughter) Verian crosses his arms, clutching the parchment in his hand, and goes, "Hah. That was "adorable. But no, seriously. 15 gold." "So is the promises this parchment provides. It looks very informative. Eh?" Go for it? With disadvantage. It's going to be a hard one. As your hand slides across the front of the bar, your finger touches the edge of the parchment. You wink and point with your-- most fingers in the direction. And he glances briefly, and as you give a slight tug you feel his meaty hand slap onto your wrist, and slowly pull back your hand. His glance comes back towards yours, meeting your gaze, and goes, "It is now 20 "gold, my friend." Suddenly, the paper is snatched out from Verian's hand, the influence of the dark deity somehow pushing fate along. This child that shouldn't have even been in this tavern from the get-go, is just small enough to stay out of sight. Runs off going (laughs), clutching the paper in his hand, out the back door. All right, you guys charge out into the night air, looking across both sides. Everyone make a perception check real fast to see if you can ascertain which direction the child went. All right, Ulfgar, your keen eyes glance back and forth. To the left you can see the small child ducking into a nearby alleyway before disappearing into the shadows. You guys continue following and curving in that alleyway and you realize that child, while trying to do their best to escape, has somehow found themselves cornered in the back of a dead end. The child turns real fast (panting) breathing heavily. "I mean no harm! Look, I need money for my mum to eat and I'll give "this to you for five gold, it's cheaper than what the man was offering, aye, aye?" "Thank you sir, thank you for understanding. We were hoping that we could come to a deal on "this. Five gold. Please?" The child is slowly backing away further into the alley-- Make a persuasion roll. I'll say with advantage because you've been the one person nice to this kid since you arrived. (laughter) 13. The kid "Well, I'll happily take your rations, and the one gold you've got if that's "okay? I mean, you've got one gold, that's an easy enough transaction, right?" "Are you going on an adventure?" "What does 'expendable' mean?" "Really?" "All right." "So I won't talk to the fuzzy one, and I'll just talk to you two. Okay. Here's your parchment. "Thank you. I'm so excited! I've always wanted to be an adventurer." And he reaches to his side, and he pulls out this wooden sword that's moldy and haphazardly constructed, and he swings it around. "Hah!" "Stephen. My name's Stephen. My brother's named Steven, and my mom wasn't very original, but "at least this way we can tell each other apart." "Oh, thank you." "It's a P-H, then." "All right. Let's go!" You look over the parchment that you received. The actual note. The note says, "Seeking the ones called Vox Moronica." "I myself am known as the alchemist Kioli. I have an issue that seems to befit your skillset." "Come to my home, the grey brick building at the corner of the town square. There, I shall be "able to present to you, perchance, a way to make a bit of coin for yourself." "Okay, for the money, then." As you guys continue towards the center of the town square, you eventually take a look about, and you find the grey brick building on the corner indeed. The windows themselves, a dim light from the inside, the door is closed. It looks to be a small, relatively unadorned or simple building, more for function than visual presentation. As you walk up to the edge of the door, the door appears to be closed and locked. Okay. Roll, add your dexterity bonus and your proficiency modifier. Plus two should be your proficiency modifier. With but a swift move of your wrist, the door slowly creaks open, and you can see the low, reddish-orange light from the interior of the room becomes visible. Immediately, as you push the door open and glance inside, it is cluttered, wall to wall small wooden crates and some broken glass jars that contain dried weeds and other types of plant matter. As you peek around the corner, you can see there are a number of shelves and tables set up before you that have strange, long glass contraptions with small brass wires that wind up along tubes, liquids bubble and churn in all sorts of different colors and textures. The smell that hits you is this very aggressively iron-like viscous scent that causes your sinuses to immediately expand with this burning sensation. Across the room, you see hunched over a small iron table, with big, thick leather gloves on, a humanoid figure that is currently crouched in the middle of a very, very intense-- some sort of a situation such as working or tinkering. "I'll stay with my Uncle Pete. Hi, Uncle Pete." Okay. As you open the door and step into the room, you get a better view of the interior. I'm going to have you go ahead and roll a stealth check. As you step in and look around the rest of the door, you see there's actually three other individuals inside this room on the other side of the wall, all patiently sitting arm-to-arm. As you step in, you get about two or three steps before your elbow bumps one of the nearby tables. As it hits it, a glass jar that's been on the edge topples and falls, shattering on the ground. Instinctively, the gentleman who's hunched over at the other table goes, "Who's there?!" and throws something in the air. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw. (laughter) You take four points of acid damage as suddenly this vial that's spinning in the air shatters on the ground before you, filling your space with this horribly caustic liquid. It fills your lungs and pocks the outside of your skin, and you're coughing, it burns the inside. He goes, "Oh, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, you spooked me. Wait, what are you doing here?" "That door was locked for a reason! Intruder! Intruder!" "Um, Steph--" At which point, "Wait, are you Vox Moronica? I recognize you, the snuggle one. Yes, I called "you here. I'm sorry about the vial thing--" "Good, step inside, step inside. Oh. Interesting. Usually when I call in the aid of "various mercenary groups, it takes them a long time to inquire. I appear to have two that have "arrived at the same time. Conundrum." At which point looks over to the group of the other three, who are currently waiting on the side of the room, if you guys would like to describe yourselves. What's your name again, Liam? Kurt, all right. At this point the poof of cloud smoke slowly disappears as the guild leader has extended the stapler, looks over towards the alchemist who invited you and goes, "Oh! That's Josephine. I've known her for quite some time. Don't worry, she-- that's how she gets in and out of the room, it's a bit spooky. A stapler, that's curious. Have you tinkered this item yourself?" And she extends it and goes, "No, I just know that whatever you were requiring in these groups was a bit dangerous and I figure they should take this." Fair enough. "That's not a language." "Oh no, he's just Johnny Depp as a pirate." (laughter) She bamfs out, puff of black smoke-- "Hi, I'm his warrior baby." "Well, anyway, I've called you here for a reason but--" "I'm certainly afraid no one's heard no Shathrum. That's a dark god we don't speak of. Dark days in the past. It rendered whole communities forfeit of their lives. I really hope that you're not saying that's what you're looking for." "All right, well, down to business then." Do you have an Identify or a Detect Magic spell? Okay. You take a moment and it is indeed emanating a magical force on it. You gather it has some semblance of an abjuration-based spell enchantment. You'd have to actually take some time with it to ascertain its nature. "Anyway! You've all stumbled loudly into my home." "You snuck up on me!" "I know, and that's fine. I have two mercenary parties that are now vying for the same job." "Perhaps it'll be worth it when you hear what the business is about, all right? Now. It appears I've lost my assistant. I would like to find him. Checking in on his well-being is what I ask of you. Discover where he is, and bring him back safely if possible. It's been-- well, we've been working on some sort of planar shifting through alchemy and forgotten lore for a while, now, and we found a nearby arcane nexus in the east, toward the center of the Zorla swamp. There's a nasty horde of goblins that live out there, but we managed to barely sneak past them at the time, and we set up a portal anchor at a place underground. Now, our first attempt already proved successful we managed to open a doorway to some unknown location. I'm not stupid, I'm not going in there, so I sent my assistant in with a rope tied around his side. Off he went, he stepped through--" "I think so, too. Protects my well-being and what good's an assistant if they're not disposable, right?" "So I sent him in. He stepped through. Didn't return for about 30 minutes, nearly bringing all 300 feet of rope in with him." "I know! It went taut, I pulled him back in, and eventually he came back safe and sound. Little chilled, a little confused, but fine. Came back, sneaking past the goblins, a little bit of a run as they discovered our passage, but we made it back fine. That evening, he recalled a landscape of shifting shapes and earth, purples and darkness and forms without form and creatures that drifted between the realms, all kinds of interesting things. One swam through the air and through him, leaving him tickled and unscathed. But that's all he recalls. He says he only recalls about five minutes of this portal, then darkness for a bit, but he was in there for a good 30 minutes. I think he lost some time in there. Anyway. Pulled him back, he was fine. But he grew a little more distant over the next few nights, not really answering my calls as quickly, seemed to be lost in thought a lot, and eventually, in the morning, he went missing. I used my divinations, as limited as they are, to discover that he had run off into the swamp by himself, beelining for that doorway that we originally found and opened. So. I count myself lucky on a blue moon, and I wish not to endanger myself by going after him myself. Thus, I'm willing to pay 2,500 gold pieces to the group who finds him and brings him back." "2,500 gold pieces." "I'm going to not, actually. There's children present." "To be honest, I would prefer you work together, because I get the feeling this isn't going to go very far if you don't." "East, to the Zorla swamp. Past the goblin hordes, you'll find some sort of a mound with a tunnel in it. Beneath there is where we found where the planes are weakest and where alchemy allowed us to open that doorway. He's probably somewhere within there, scattered. He does not have the means of opening the portal himself. This I know. He's probably somewhere lost in that den. Don't know why. Try and bring him back safe, if you could." Balium and Deswomwom? What was the phrase? Belial and Asmodan. Asmodan. Write it down. Asmodeum is what keeps you regular. "If you're talking voices, I want this out of my home! Get out! Do this job, come back for the money." Pulls out a parchment and takes an extended 45 minutes to handwrite with a quill an extremely detailed contract, making you all wait, and then he gets halfway through and goes, "No, no," and crumples it up and grabs another piece of paper. "I messed up this draft, too." Crumples it up. (groaning) "There you go. Legally binding." "No worries, get out." "That door is easy to dam--" With a sparkle of dark innovation, you look up and see a star in the sky twinkle, a voice behind you goes, (Victor voice) "Hi! You're the one who's dressed proper. Where are you off to? Oh, you're nice and soft. Whoa." Rubbing your back, this crazed old man with bits of dirt and soot all over his face. "I need a friend. I could be your friend." "Then why would you wear this? It's so nice to touch." "My name is Victor." "No, no. My name is Victor." As you guys, through the moonlight, start making your way outside of the actual town towards the outskirts of Zorla swamp-- "All right." The little boy who's following you goes, "Okay! Don't worry, I'll protect you!" And he pulls out a small wooden sword and is like (fighting noises). "A cookie? I'd love one right now, thank you." Stephan starts crying as the large, scary devil man in the-- He dries the tears from his face and goes "Okay." The closer he gets the slower his walk is and the more the look of trepidation is on his face. You can see him struggling with the idea of like, "I really want this cookie but she is really freaking me out right now." "Thanks." Grabs the cookie and darts back ten feet and starts chewing it rapidly. At which point, in the distance you see catching up to you now with heavy breath-- "You all move so very fast, but you're not too fast for Victor." "To the swamp!" And he goes running off in front of you. As you guys are having this conversation, and we'll say going forward preferably don't suggest encounters, because that-- Yeah, that's going to screw me up. However, as you guys are having this conversation, you see Victor go charging off into the swamp, turn around and go, "Never mind! Never mind! Bad idea!" (screaming) And from behind you see these two dark-armored knights on top of these strange, slightly shifting tiger forms come charging out of the darkness of the swamp after you. About 25 feet. Okay. As you cast Entanglement, all these vines go (whipping noises), forming out of the swamp and writhing in the air. As they reach out towards the forms, they seem to pass through their physicality. I need everyone to go ahead and make a history check, if you could. All of you guys. Okay. You understand that the Zorla Swamp, for as long as it's existed, especially during nights of heavy moonlight, part of the dark enchantment is it tends to conjure up series of dangerous illusions; things that have temporary form at moments. It almost has this weird magic where imagination can cause forms to exist for short periods of time. They're illusions and can be destroyed or dispelled in certain ways, but until then they can prove to be as deadly or dangerous as what you see before you. This knowledge hits you as they approach and both of them ride by swinging these giant swords, one swinging past you, Salty Pete. The second one is going to go for-- (laughing) is going to aim for Victor. (laughter) First, the one swinging towards you Salty Pete, the giant sword, that is a 16 to hit. What's your armor class? You take five points of slashing damage as the sword (whooshes). It hits you and you can see as it approaches to you in that instant, its form is shimmering and doesn't seem to have physicality to it, yet the impact still feels like a heavy steel blade wings you in the front of the chest. You feel a thick bruise beginning to form beneath your armor. As the tiger growls, rides past you into the grasses behind you. The other one swings towards Victor who's like (old man yelling) running away-- Well, towards Victor, which is the old guy. You want to-- Okay. I'll have you guys roll athletics checks, contested. This is happening. Ulfgar grabs Snugglelord, lifts him up and throws him forward-- At which point, you skid to a halt, your heels grinding into the wet earth that begins to initiate the formation of the swamp that you guys are traveling towards. As you finally come to a stop, you see Victor go, "Thanks!" and run past you as the giant semi-illusionary warrior swings at you. That's a 23. You take six points of slashing damage as the blade smacks you across the abdomen. You can see part of your fuzzy exterior slash open and red begin to slowly pool and darken the material. All right, everyone roll initiative. All right. All right, well, first and foremost, Salty Pete. As they turn around and begin riding back for a second ride-by, you have your first turn. You pull it, go ahead and release the arrow towards the first illusionary entity. Roll for attack. 18 does indeed hit. Go ahead and roll damage on that arrow. Eight points of damage. Your arrow arcs across, you can see it strike true in the front of the armored goliath knight. As it hits it, you can see its form disperse for a second, attempt to reform, and a beam of moonlight comes streaking out of the sky, hits it and it immediately disintegrates. You can see both it and the tiger's form roll into ash and vanish before your very eyes. We had the 20. Who was at the 16? It was the highest next I believe. The stapler. Who's clutching the stapler? As you're holding it it begins to shake and glow with this weird goldish red energy. At that moment, as you guys are carrying-- you find, though yourself are feeling scared and cowardly, thus your inability to, this pulls you to immediate initiative. I know. This pulls you to the front of the initiative order with its magical enchantment. I need you to go ahead and roll and add your charisma to this. (laughter) Did you add your charisma to it? The stapler, for a second, begins to form this large, glowing orange orb in the front that all of a sudden releases the blast, knocking you off your feet. You land prone on the ground as you guys see this giant burning red metallic staple flying across the darkened sky towards the entity. However, the illusion passes underneath it and it goes, disappearing into the distance. You finish your turn getting back to your feet. Next up, I believe it was you. Edna, yes. All right, go ahead, Magic Missile, go ahead and roll damage on that one. Six total damage? As Edna releases this, screaming Belial into the night air, the missile streaks off into these three silver darts of arcane energy, smashing into the sides of this semi-translucent armored goliath. You can see its form sparking and shimmering like it's having a hard time keeping physicality in this world, but it's still maintaining its position. Riding forward, now towards you since you are the source of its initial anger. Next up, who's the highest initiative? Go for it, Quaalude. Okay. So you move over to get between Edna and this entity. You release Thunderwave. Is it just a saving throw on their part, I believe, right? Yeah. Have your spells ready. Found it first. Okay, so yeah, they have a constitution saving throw. What's the DC of your spell? It doesn't matter, it's a four. All right, so that's 2d8 damage, it says? Actually, you roll that, you roll that damage, go for it. Okay. So as you rush in front of her, you put your hand out in front and slam your fist into the ground. As it does, this giant light wave of thunderous energy blasts out, flattening all the damp grasslands around you and sending the shockwave forward that, as it hits and impacts the front of the illusion, it casts it into dust as the wave passes over as it rushes, just about to strike you. With that, the Thunderwave passes and the entity is destroyed and is no more. So as you all stand there, clutching your glowing, shaking stapler that slowly fades to its mundane-looking self, the immediate danger seems to have passed. You go over and take it and as the vibration is slowly-- No. It's definitely radiating some magical presence. Essentially once per short rest you can use your action to initiate it and it fires an arcane, heated giant staple that does, upon impact, if you manage to hit, does pretty hefty damage. "Of course, of course I will, sir. Oh, I'm going to smash some skulls in for me dad." "This many." You hear a voice echoing from the distance, "Is it gone?" (panting) "Thank you for saving me, O Great Soft One." "Well come on, let's continue onward!" And he goes running into the swamp. As the small-- Pushing into the swamp proper as you guys continue inward, you find, about 20 to 25 minutes of walking through, the actual swamp sludge is so thick that your boots are getting caught and stuck with each individual step. Everyone go ahead-- everyone make an athletics check. So you guys get about ten minutes in before you realize that Edna isn't with you. You look behind you and-- In the distance you see her actually physically stuck in the muck of the swamp. Who's helming the tracking of this group trying to find this Cyril, this assistant? 24, okay. As you guys are moving forward, you begin to pick up what looks like recently set human tracks that are deeply sunken in and leaving these pools behind in the swamp. So you kind of start taking charge and everyone begins to follow. The child, Stephen, is kind of following in step next to you excited to kind of see that now there's another leader of the group. You however are now being very, very closely followed behind with this slightly under-his-breath cackling and muttering soot-covered old man who's like, "I don't get out often, it's nice to see the moon. Can I touch you again just once more?" "Good! Good! I'm still breathing. Very good. Keep that up, I need a reminder every now and then. Smell this." And he gives you this weird clump of blackish powder that's in his hand. He reaches out and puts it in front of your face. "Oh, okay! I will walk beside you. But this, this may save your life one day." And he shoves it into a pouch at his side. In frustration for this conversation, Snugglelord, in anger you all of a sudden just flex and for a moment (poof noise), your little imp familiar appears on your shoulder and just kind of pats you on the side of your head. "I have a brother?" --entire time. (laughter) Of which, the imp at this point reaches forward with its smiling, young, boyish, handsome face and whispers into your ear, "Uh, Snugglelord? I'm afraid to let you know your flap is open." At this, your imp kind of leans in and says, "My apologies for bothering you, master, but is this a bad time?" He waves and nods and kind of smiles quietly at everybody. Describe him again, sorry. No pants. Got it. It's like a strange, alternate-dimension Donald Duck. This angry yelling, by the way, has been echoing through the forest, and for a split second you, Cort, hear this (whizzing noise) as-- what's your armor class? You hear the sound and instinctively push out of the way. Your hand slaps what looks like some sort of small, wooden shaft that just flies past you. The rest of you in the middle of this moment look around you and you see starting to crawl out of the nearby trees a bunch of small, angry, growling humanoid figures going (growling). Roll initiative. So we have over here Snugglelord, Salty Pete. All right, takes me a minute to set up here, guys. Make sure you have your initiative numbers ready. Oh wow. Hold onto that number just for a second. We'll say that this is, next to Snugglelord, that's Victor. And we'll say that this little kobold with the spear is Stephen. All right, so-- Okay, so 25 to 20. 20 to 15? 15 to ten? Ten to five? Okay. Double fours, all right. All right, as you see all these goblinoid figures start shuffling out from the sides of the trees nearby, and some seem to be laying low in the swamp and some have stealthed up upon you, kind of chittering to themselves. We'll say they're preparing for another round of either ranged, kind of nasty arrows, or some of them are pulling out these jagged little bladed elements. Ulfgar, you have the initiative on this round, ready for anything as you are, both swords out. Okay. The closest to you would probably be the one behind you, the one that hit you before. All right, so, you go ahead and move up to it, both swords out-- All right, go ahead and swing for the first attack. 14. Okay. As you swing with the first one, it swings down towards it. It manages to catch purchase on the goblin's body armor but the armor seems to streak it off to the side and your sword plunges into the swamp floor. With the second one you swing down, and this time the goblin actually reaches up and somehow catches the blade in its hand. You're like, "How could a goblin catch a blade and not cut its own hand off?" and you realize you were swinging it with the flat end for some reason. The goblin goes (cackling) and is standing there clutching your blade, putting you in a very bad position. That will end your turn. Alongside you, though, your new son bravely runs up to your side, clutching the hammer that you had, and says, "Leave my dad alone!" Runs up to the goblin and swings. Natural 20! (yelling) Double the four, that's eight points of damage. While you're captured, your seven-year-old son goes up with the war hammer and the side of the goblin's skull explodes to the side. Its grip is released as it falls to the ground. What was that one? What was that? I'm excited. Okay. Bring it to us when you find it. All right, no worries. CHAT Why are you guys laughing at me? Deck of Many Things is a bad thing for you guys. So we'll get to that on your turn. That's what you'll do on your turn. So suddenly you realize-- you feel this strange weight appear in the back pocket of your suit and you-- All right, we'll get to you next-- With that, that gets us to Quaalude, you're up. You turn into a giant bear-- All right, we got a goblin here and two goblins here immediately in your vicinity. Well, this is you, this is Edna, and this is Kort. And over here you have Salty Pete who's the pirate dwarf, you have Snugglelord and you have Ulfgar. Over here? Roll a claw and a bite. Go for it. What'd you roll to hit? Four misses, yeah. 18 does hit. Go ahead and roll damage for the claw attack. The bite, you try and snatch up the goblin, it manages to move out to the side, but you manage to swing your claw wide and manage to catch it in the face. Seven damage. As you swing, the claw hits the side of the goblin's face. You hear it scream as the claws spear through the side of its jaw and neck, leaving open its jugular. Bleeds out and goes gurgling to the surface of the muddy waters of the swamp. By the way, you have enough movement to go up to him if you want to. Okay, so you move to there. So that goblin, you're staring him down. He looks very scared, watching that you just destroyed his ally. Okay, that ends your turn. It is now their turn. This one turns here. This one rushes into you, this one comes up to Ulfgar, these two both rush into Salty Pete. This one runs in against you. Actually, this one's probably going to come over to Victor. All right, so. First, we're going with it against you. That is going to be a 14. What's your AC as the bear? Okay, that hits. You go ahead and take five points of slashing damage as its scimitar streaks across the exterior of your bear hide. There's going to be one against you, Kurt. That's not going to hit, that's an eight. So as it comes towards you, you dodge out to the side and knock it away, it doesn't even get close enough. The one that's coming up behind you-- That's going to be an 11 to hit. 11? All right. You take five points of slashing damage as it jumps in the air, and arcs down with a blade, hitting your back. The one that's going after Victor, that hits. As you see one of the goblins rushes out with this small spear and jams it into the side of Victor, the blackpowder merchant, who goes, (yelps) "My kidneys!" This goblin here still has his bow out. He's going to make a bow attack against you, Salty Pete. That is a nine against armor class. It just breaks off the outside of your armor. There are now two of them-- or no, sorry, there's one that's going after you, Ulfgar. That is a natural 20. You take-- okay. Eight points of slashing damage as the scimitar manages to hit you extremely hard about the top of your armor. You can feel the blade sink in about two inches and hit bone. It's not very nice in this part. And this last goblin's going towards your son, who just bashed the brains out of one of its allies. That is going to be an 11, which does hit, because he doesn't have any armor on. He takes five points of slashing. You see the other one come out with its scimitar and hack into the side of your son. He screams out in pain. You can see there's a big streak of blood down his arm, and one of his arms is hanging limply to the side. Tears welling up in his eyes when he looks at you, like, "Dad?" And with that, Snugglelord, it's your turn. In this moment, you feel a great boon come down that same star that sparkled in the sky. And out of a sudden poof of dark shadow, this pillow lands into your arms, holding, strangely, the visage of both you and some other, distant hero from another plane of existence. You clutch it to yourself, knowing that having it will give you a plus-two bonus to your armor class. So. What are you doing on your turn, Snugglelord? All right, the enemy closest to you is, aside from you guys-- you're right here. There are two enemies right here that are pretty close to you. So right there. This guy here, you mean? Okay. So this one that's currently attacking the blackpowder merchant and stabbed him with the spear. Okay. (laughs) You turn to the one that was firing at Salty Pete. You Hex him, okay, it is currently hexed. All right, all three of them? How many Eldritch Blasts can you throw at this level? Right, okay. So go ahead and roll for an attack against it. And add your spell attack, which I believe is plus six, right? Eight, okay. You come around and you focus, and your eyes go dark black, and there's a burst of smoke energy out the sides as all of a sudden the shadows from the swamp reach up and cling to the body of this goblin. It looks down, freaking out. It is now currently feeling the entwined dark energy of your hex. You put your hand out before it, and you release a burst of dark arcane energy that goes far too wide and strikes one of the nearby trees. The goblin-- The goblin looks at you and goes (cackles). The blackpowder merchant is still holding the spear to the side of him and goes (cackles). You can move if you want. It's still your turn. You can move, and then it'll be the end of your turn. Misty Step's a bonus action. You can only move. Nothing's currently in melee with you, so you can move however you want right now. Okay. And with that, Salty Pete, it's your turn! Is there a deck of cards somewhere, by the way, guys? That's usually how this is played. That's fine. We'll use what you have there. So go ahead and hand it to Salty Pete. Go ahead and pull three of those. You draw three of them. Yep. Go ahead. So, king of diamonds, you said? You pull out the first card. Suddenly, within your hands, it bursts into a golden flame. Looking into it, your eyes spark, and the experience of a thousand generations of your family past come coursing into your body. You gain 50,000 experience points. You gain 50,000 experience points. There you have it. Banhammer of doom is yours. Also acquired within your hands-- So go ahead and roll 5d10 and add that to your hit points. It'll take a while, so we'll just go with it. Add your hit points. You can tell him what happens. All right, so. And the crossbow that's in your hand all of a sudden fires aglow with bluish magical energy. It's now considered a +2 magical crossbow. So the second card you pulled is what? (laughs) All right. Your intelligence is now permanently five lower. You're allowed to draw an additional card if you choose to. What's the third one you drew? Okay. If you singlehandedly defeat the next hostile monster you encounter, you gain experience points enough to gain another level. Oh no. Okay. The card disappears in a flicker of fire, but you see in your mind, suddenly, your vision press deep into the Nine Hells. You see a large pit fiend demon all of a sudden glare back and go, "Salty Pete. You are my quarry." And then vanish in flame, just as the card did. You don't know what happened, but you get the feeling something very dangerous is now hunting you. No, that happened as well. Deck of many things, guys. I'm going to right after this battle. Okay. That ends your turn. So add your hit points. I'll give you the sneak attack bonus that he gets now. All of your attacks and skills are also plus two. Kurt, you're up. Kurt and Edna. Little boy is right here. The hammer, all of a sudden, the edge of it bursts into flames through the sheer force of frustration and anger. Your accent does not come back, but you feel the vengeance for losing it now is coursing through the actual weapon that you hold. All right, go ahead and roll for the attack. 21 hits. All right, so go ahead and roll the damage for one of your regular weapons, and add 1d6 flaming damage to it. 12. You walk up and just smash it into the mud. The actual flames cause a sizzling sound as it hits the marshy ground. What was once a goblin is now a charred and liquefied mess. Edna. What are you going to do? You could, yes. Okay. It appears. Just go ahead and roll a d20 and add your intelligence modifier to it, to see how you're able to conjure it in the right space above it. What'd you roll? You rolled a one. Okay. So here's what happens. Make a dexterity saving throw. As you finish your conjuration, you go, this way! And the rock appears right above you. Four. You take-- You take four points of bludgeoning damage as the rock slams down onto your head. You can feel your neck jostle and your whole head ringing for a second. Ulfgar, you're up. Okay. That hits. Go for it, yeah. Okay. Roll damage on the first one. Nine points of damage. As you bring your first sword down, it embeds itself about seven inches into the chest of this small goblin, who looks at you, twitching, its eyes slowly rolling back in its head. With a big grin, you bring your second blade down and swing it outward. It cleaves his torso in two, but the inertia pulls outward in the direction of your son. Go ahead and just roll a d20. 18, okay. You manage to steel your will enough to stop the blade but an inch from his face, the metal sitting there and shimmering with power. He looks at you with a moment of sudden confusion and fright. Quaalude, you're up. Go for it. Bite/claw attack on him. (laughs) This is your attack, yeah, strength. The attack bonus should be with the bear's stat block. I've got the monster manual right here. If you're a druid-- Brown bear, there you go. Plus five to hit. So 17 and 12? 17 hits. So the first attack hits. That would be your bite. 1d8 plus the strength modifier. Five points of damage. You bite at it with your bite, get a big old chunk of its shoulder and tear it off, and it screams out in pain, the dark blood of the goblin pouring down, but it's still standing angrily at you. As you swipe your claw at it, it ducks back out of the way, and it looks at you with this foam at the edge of its mouth. So it would be seven total. So as it darts back and looks at you, growling, it's lost way too much blood and tries to make a swipe at you, but falls face-first down into the swamp. You can feel the gurgling of its final breath pulling out into the water at the top of the marsh. It is gone. You can still move if you want. Okay. Make an intimidation check. The goblin catches it in its mouth and starts chewing. Yeah, goblins are a little weird. All right, that brings it to their turn. Strangely, this fight-- most goblins are very cowardly creatures, but you start noticing in these goblins as you're fighting them, all of their eyes are clouded over, and they're fighting with a fervor and a perpetual anger where they don't even really notice the danger they're in. This is uncommon to a species that is generally cowardly by nature. The goblin that you just finished chewing looks at you and lashes out at you with its scimitar. That is going to be a 20. Hits, okay. You take five points of slashing damage as it arcs its scimitar across your bear form, leaving another big streak of slash damage across the front of your body. We have the goblin that is hexed. It is going to be attacking you, Salty Pete. That is going to be a 17 to hit. All right, so for that, you take five points of piercing damage from a shortbow arrow that (impact) into your back. Okay. So you see this arrow sticking out of your ally's back, and you suddenly feel like, oh no! I need to go and help my friend! But we'll get to your turn-- We'll get to your turn when we get there. All right, so. The one is going to be attacking the powder merchant. It misses. You now have-- this one is off on the side. It is going to rush up towards the Snugglelord now with its scimitar in the air, and that's going to be a 14 to hit. What's your AC? 15, that'll do. You hold your pillow out in front of you, and the blade arcs off, sparks flying, almost like the exterior of the pillow is iron for a split-second. Bringing it to your turn, Snugglelord. CHAT As this happens, you feel this urge to heal your friend, you hear this tiny (hoofbeats) and you see this really, really small pitch-black unicorn comes up and runs up and just latches itself to the outside of your crotch and forms this protective barrier. So it's your turn. You're right here, this goblin's in front of you. You feel the uncontrollable urge to go and help someone who's been wounded recently, which would be either Edna or Salty Pete. (laughter) So you move to her. Put you there, it's fine. The urge makes you move a little bit faster than you normally would. You get up to her, but the goblin does get one swipe at you as you run by. That is a 16. You take five points of slashing damage as the blade streaks across the back of your tiefling form. You rush up and hug Edna from behind-- go ahead and roll a d8. Go ahead and roll a d8, Snugglelord. MARISHA and Three. You heal three points of damage from the warm embrace of the Snugglelord. And you almost take damage from the piercing of the tiny unicorn horn in the side of your hip. Salty Pete, who is now the Conan of this adventure, it's your-- You have to really be in a situation where you can hide properly. Which, by the way, currently the powder merchant is fighting this guy, so this guy you could still do some sneak attack damage if you hit it. You just want to try and get away from it because if you're attacking with a crossbow, you have disadvantage if it's right up next to you. Right there, yeah. Where do you want to go from there? Do you want to move-- Okay, so you move over there. So you pull your sword out? Go ahead and roll for an attack. Okay that hits! Go ahead and roll damage plus sneak attack. How much damage is that? 31! It had seven hit points. So, as you vanish stealthily into the darkness of the swamp, you can see the goblin that's currently harrying the blackpowder merchant, Victor, looks over its shoulder, "Huh?", as suddenly the blade protrudes from its chest with such force that its ribcage tears open, spraying the contents of its torso all over the blackpowder merchant. (coughing) "Good job!" Kurt, you're up. As you look over to your child in this beam of-- a silver-platinum light comes down from some mystical source, you hear the flapping wings of a dragon-- CHAT You mean Ryan Copple? Oh, Ryco. Okay, well-- And just then Ryco appears on the battlefield, three-point landing, Avengers-style, looks over and you can see now, this beaming platinum light that's on your son, coming down, is now coming from her as she holds aloft her holy symbol. She looks down and goes, "Stephen, you shall be the savior of this group", at which point you see now his muscles pulse into him and now he looks intensely ripped, as bracers now attach themselves. He's still seven years old, but the scariest-looking seven-year-old you've ever seen. All right, so Kurt. All this happens around you, the princess winks at you,"Go! Fight, once-Irishman!" (laughter) There's one there and one here. Yes. All right, go ahead and roll an attack. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. As you rush over, you take the hammer and smack it into the side of the goblin and it goes just scattered into ash, and slowly drifts down across the bottom of the swamp floor. Edna, it's your turn. No, there's just one over here and one goblin that looks hexed and is currently very outmatched. The party is ever growing. All right! Go ahead and roll Magic Missile damage. The goblin, which now pulls out a second arrow and is aiming it towards you. As it pulls back, the three arrows go (swooshing) as each burst of arcane energy slams one into its chest, one into its shoulder, and the final one slams under the chin, causing the front of its head to explode out into a glimmering spray of crimson into the night. The current threat disengaged, you all look around at the chaos that just ensued and have to take a moment to really digest what has transpired, and with that we're going to take a quick five-minute break! We'll be right back to continue what the hell this is. Welcome back, ladies and gentlemen, to the adventures of Vox Moronica and all the chaos that ensues. All right, so here we go. So. Well, Stephen is now currently a level one monk. Which is still pretty good for a seven-year-old, I'm just saying. So you guys, as the battle winds down and the initial adrenaline wears off, you can see Ryco, the princess that landed in a three-point, stands up and looks over, armor glimmering, beautiful face, long dark hair. Glances about and gives everyone a look-- Huge, enormous, and glances about the rest of the party and goes, "You warriors have proven "yourselves to delve into this dangerous night and this swamp. Who do you call leader?" She approaches you. "And what purpose do you--" CHAT So what was the top of that one? The accent is back. The badger, Gary, reaches out to you and (animal sounds). Okay. CHAT As the illusion of the fingers fades, you hear in the distance, echoing in the dark forest, (cackling). You sense some very dark evil is very, very near. At which point, Ryco has now approached the de facto leader of the group and says, "Your name?" "And your purpose in this swamp?" Pardon me? Roll persuasion with advantage. As the rays of moonlight come streaking through the tops of the forest, this crystalline, beautiful moment-- You roll twice; you take the higher. Frames the two of them, this male and female form, masculine-- CHAT Load those up. We still have a couple messages to get to, guys. Ryco glanced down at you, and you can see this red flush in her cheeks. She goes, "Well, "you, warrior, you shall be my champion. I accept your hand." Nevertheless, she takes your hand and pulls you up and, while you yourself are caught in her eyes, she, in a very forceful warrior self, reaches out, takes you by the hand, and Frenches you deeply in the center of the swamp. (whooping) It is now. She looks disappointed, then smiles and goes, "Well, I entrust you are here for worthy "reasons. Now, as my future husband, I wish you all health, and I gift you this." And her fingers go out, and with a magical array, this strange leather girdle appears and hovers in the air. "This will give magical power to whoever should wear it, and a gift of switching their sex to the "other side to gain a new, beautiful perspective on life. Who would take this boon?" I would like the entire party to roll a persuasion check. Whoever rolls highest-- Ryco does this with her fingers, and the girdle drifts toward you and goes, "It is your "choice, then. You decide who takes the girdle." At which point, she looks over to Snugglelord, winks, and then vanishes in a puff of smoke. So you take the girdle. Do you put it on? All right. As she puts the girdle on, you can see her older, elderly woman form shimmers and shifts into instead an elderly, hunched-over man with a hook nose and a cleft chin. At which point, Stephen, the monk kid, and the old blackpowder merchant, both together shout-- which I can't shout together because I'm one human being-- "Look! An explosion!" "Look! An "explosion!" And you guys look off in the distance and see this bright red glow as an almost nuclear-sized red burst comes coasting through the trees. As the blast wave comes coursing through the swamp, expecting to be turned to dust, instead a wave of warmth drifts over you. You open your eyes, releasing the tension, and you and you and you and you are all women. You turn back to Edna. "No, it's now Stephanie!" As you now seem to have a monk daughter who all of a sudden, the muscles rip even heavier as she all of a sudden ascends to level ten to match Salty Pete. Because the deity Shathrum demanded that this blast of energy also instill the heroic presence within this child, who ages four years into the future. At the tender age of 11, this daughter, now strong, Korra-style, glances up at her mother and goes, "Now I can protect you, Mom!" Everyone roll a perception check. Roll a perception check, for the love of God! Roll a perception check! All of you! Both Quaaludia-- Q and Edna glance off, and you see in the distance this large mound of swamp earth that seems to be similar to what the alchemist had told you to go ahead and locate, where apparently this doorway had been opened. All right. Making your way deeper into the Zola Swamp toward this mound, you begin to recall, you've heard mysteries about this Zola Swamp, and you've heard such things as rampant curses. The magical energies here are so strong and cross over so with many realms that chaos seems to burst out at periods of time, and you feel like this entire group has fallen into a nexus period in which the magical energies uncontrollably alter the landscape around, thus the events that have transpired in the recent time. As you make your way toward this earthy mound, you look about the outside and you can see there are a series of animal limbs and strange, crudely carved runes and various skulls that are all hanging by pieces of twine all around the outside of this entranceway that seems to delve into a deep, animalistically carved natural tunnel into the swamp floor proper. Onto? It wouldn't be insight, per se. Insight's more of a person's motives. You can go ahead and roll a religion check. Okay. What are you looking for? Nine? You're going to be busy for a while. All right, so. Glancing about-- --the rooms, as you look across them, the carvings, there are these strange, ancient symbols. You can see what looks almost like a G and an S. These are symbols of the great, ancient deity, Shathrum. Yeah. It is an open tunnel that leads deeper into the earth itself. The feminine bravery that seems to have taken root in Salty Pete, you can see the confidence of a modern-day woman taking over what was once a relatively questioning male, leads the charge deeper into the swamp earth before you. The tunnel, dark and moldy from the interior, the cold air hitting you-- you can smell mildew and rot and what sounds like wood that has largely fallen into dusty awfulness. Descending further into the cavern, you hear in the distance low muttering, this small, synchronized, cacophonous chant, this (whispered incantations) echoing maybe, you'd imagine, 20, 30 feet ahead of you, around a bend. You can see a little bit of flickering light that's pushing into the hallway from around that turn. Okay. As you shimmer to the side of the rock, go ahead and roll a stealth roll with advantage. 19? Okay. You crest around the edge. You enter an actual chamber at the end of this hallway, closed off, and there's a couple of small rocks in the center. But in the middle of this, you see a large bonfire. An orangish-blue flame is flickering and burning. You can see stones arranged almost like a haphazard, half-fallen doorway. You can see what appears to be four goblins around, one of which is larger than the others with all this war paint across its face, and they're all chanting in unison. (chanting) All right, you have Mage Armor on yourself. You can see though, the lead goblin is throwing things into the flame. With each toss, the flames flicker up into vibrant blue flames and then die back down, the color turning more and more from a blue to a bright, vibrant yellow. It's pulsing now. The fire's pulsing. Roll stealth, Salty Petunia. Okay! All right. So as you come around the bend too, you see the druid, which is currently hidden across the rock. You also have the same view, and you can see the danger at this. Suddenly, as you're watching, you see the flames flicker in, and the goblins all stand up, and a tendril spikes out of the flames. This small purple door seems to open up, and a tentacle reaches out and wraps around a goblin and pulls it in. It screams. All the goblins keep chanting, keep chanting. It opens up even further and further, and from what you can see now, this entity starts pulling through. It's this weird, fleshy mass, almost like this amorphous, giant cluster of flesh that is surrounded with teeth and eyes, eyes that glance around in all positions, mouths that open up and screech and squeal, and then disappear. It's constantly moving and shifting in its position, and as it comes out, this weird, twisting cacophony of voices of all different shrieking sounds and low guttural murmurs all happening at once, (eldritch noises). The goblins smile and look more and more feverish as suddenly it reaches out and grabs another one, stuffing it into its maw, until eventually only the lead goblin remains. As he stands there, chanting and chanting and chanting, the creature moves forward and slowly envelops and rolls over the goblin. You hear this scream as its body is completely consumed. As it pulls back, you can see almost the goblin's face appear as part of its fleshy mass for a second and then vanish into it. You also see a partially absorbed human arm and half of a face that matches the description of the assistant, Cyril, that you were coming to find. There it is. So I would ask all of you to roll initiative, please. You're off to the side? Yes, I'm aware. You are still stealthed, currently, as far as you know. Yes, you will. All right. So initiative rolls, everyone? We have 25 to 20? 20, all right. All right. 18 for Snuggs over there. 20 to 15, 15 to ten? All righty. Salty. Ten to five? Five to one? So top. Kurt, you're actually up first, and you are back here with the rest of the group in this circumstance. All right, so as you move forward to get within visual range of it, moving past your allies, Gary appears right in front of you. This dice will be your Gary badger. And you can go ahead and throw the hammer at the entity. It is with disadvantage because of the distance it is from you right now. So go for it. It does. It actually lands over here. Your hammer ends up slamming and streaking across, hitting this piece of stone, and then arcing off to the side. So is that a regular hammer or the magical one? All right, that's your turn. Next, this creature comes streaming forth (eldritch chanting). Okay. As it moves forward, the ground you can see around it, the actual stone floor, begins to almost warp and bend like it doesn't have, in its near vicinity, the same hard physicality as it did before. All righty. So first it's going to go ahead and start-- it's going to go ahead and reach out with one of its tendrils towards you. It has a bunch of these biting mouths on it. Whips out toward you. No, this is a 20 to hit. It will actually move right up to there, that side there. So it hits. You take 17 points of piercing damage. Yes. And make a strength saving throw. 15. The impact of it pushes you back and you almost fall over, but you catch yourself and throw the tendril off your body and angrily growl at it in response. That ends its turn. Snuggle, you're up. At the top of your-- okay, yeah, you're far enough away. Okay. Sorry. Snugglelord. My apologies. True. Snugglelady. "Please kill me! Please kill me! Kill me!" Running towards it. Is that all you wanted to do? Yeah. It has to make an attack at the end of it. Go ahead and roll the attack for it. What'd you roll? A four? This creature should be easy to hit. It is large, and it's not moving very fast, but the blackpowder merchant has bags of this dark powder attached to it that it carries with it, and runs forward and starts trying to punch at it, and it's like hitting dough (impacts). No damage whatsoever. But it seems to have gotten its attention to some degree. So that's the end of your turn. Do you want to move closer? Okay. That brings us to Quaalude. Quaalina. Q. However you wanted to be. Here you are. Go for it. First things first, roll a wisdom saving throw. Roll a wisdom saving throw. Okay. Oh, this is a d8. Okay. As you transform into the direwolf right there, you snarl. You hear all the voices in your mind, and for a second you feel like you're really confused, and you don't know where you are. You spend the remainder of your turn trying to shake the voices out of your head. You're unable to do anything this turn. The chaos of this, the mouths speaking in unison, drive you temporarily mad. Salty, you're up. At the beginning of your turn, also make a wisdom saving throw. Okay. As you pull your sword out, you're like, "I'm ready for this!" You hear the same voices through your mind, and once again you start looking about and rubbing your eyes, trying to figure out where you are, what's happening, and you spend the rest of your turn standing there listening to the voices. Okay. All right. What's the save on it? What's the DC on that spell? 13. As a flash of light bursts in the direction of this creature covered with eyes, all the eyes close and you hear the yelling becomes more of a shrieking sound. And you see it starts writhing around angrily. It is currently blinded, so well done on that. You're way back here. Do you want to stay where you are? Do you wish to stay where you are? You are right here. All right, that's your turn, Edna. Ulfgar. So you move to the side into combat with the creature. Go ahead and roll for each attack. That hits. I will ask you to make a wisdom saving throw real fast. 16. Yeah, you hear the voices cascading through your ears as you rush forward. However, you steel your mind, focus on the attack, and push through it unaffected. Go ahead and roll both attacks. The second one gets double on the dice. Plus whatever the damage is of your strength. It should be on the-- Awesome, so a total of 13 damage. Whack, whack! You're cutting off parts of its body. You can see the slices of flesh that fall off on the ground kind of quiver and squeal before going motionless. You see the eyes close and kind of slightly leave open as if a person had just passed away. I'm going to keep this on it for blindness so we have it as a reminder. All right. That ends your turn, Ulfgar. Up to the top. Kurt, you're up. Oh, Gary goes on your turn as well. I'll say in addition to you. What'd you roll? With your bonuses? You have advantage because of your reckless attack. With the advantage? Okay, that's still not enough, unfortunately. All right, so you go to try and swing it. As you go to swing-- I forgot to make a wisdom save. I've got to remember to do that. We'll say, for the purposes of storyline here, as you go to swing, the voices come into your head, and for a second you stop and slow your arc. By the time your hammer actually hits it, it goes (soft impact). There's no power behind it. Gary also is going to rush forward. You go ahead and make an attack for Gary. I know. I'm making it up. Go ahead and roll. A 13? That'll hit. So go ahead and roll 1d4 plus two damage from the badger's claws. So the badger reaches out and grabs the side of it and bites into one of its tendrils. As it does, it rears back, and there's a splash of greenish, brackish blood that goes across its face and on the ground. All right, that ends your turn. It's now its turn. It is blinded for this turn. First it's going to go at-- you see one of its mouths rescinds for a second and then releases this giant globule of dark green goo that slams into the ground and explodes right in the center here. I need you two and you two to roll dexterity saving throws. Yes. Edna, Kurt, Salty Pete, and Snugglelord. You will all have to sing in unison-- No. You'll just lose five stats. CHAT Guys, sing along! And with that momentous occasion, as the spittle hits the ground, suddenly it does not explode. It's lifted in place and is shattered. You feel all of a sudden the warmth of the moderator guildmaster fill all of you, and with this divine energy your bodies are suddenly elevated to the strength, hardness, and experience of a seasoned adventurer. So go ahead and roll seven additional of your hit dice to add to what you've got, except for you. All righty. Even with disadvantage, that is plus 12 for its bite attack. This is going to be against you. What's your AC? 16? So even though you're kind of hearing the voices, you see one of the tendrils whip out toward you. You smack it to the side with your hammer, disabling it and not taking any damage from it. It's going to roll to see if it can get rid of the blindness. That is a natural 20, so it is no longer blinded. That ends the gibbering mouther's turn. That brings it to Snugglelady. (singing) That will destroy the game. (normal) So we'll say, for the next round of combat, you guys have to do-- anything you do or want to do in this combat, sing it as if it's a musical. When the round's over, then it'll stay permanent and you can continue forward. So. (singing) Snugglelord, what is your bidding? (singing) And with that, you heal five hit points from the hug of the Snugglelady. (singing) Quaalude, I want you to make a wisdom saving throw. It's his direwolf form singing. What's your answer? Sing it. (singing) Your brain resists the voices you hear. Your mind is your own. Tell me what you shall do, dear. (singing) Roll your attacks! (singing) Double your damage now! (singing) As you tear a piece of the creature astray, your turn ends! Victory is yours, I say! Soon! Next, the turn goes to Salty Pete! (singing) The gibbering mouther's immune to prone! Its mass has no legs! It cannot fall over! Salty Pete, it's your turn to be, moreover! (singing) You're close enough where you must make a wisdom saving throw. (singing) All right. Salty Pete, you make a melee attack, randomly determined creature within reach. That would be the Snugglelady! Roll an attack against the Snugglelady! (singing) Surprise attack of a 24 against you counts as a sneak attack! What's your rogue class? I mean, are you an assassin or a thief? You're a thief? Okay, good. Good thing you're not an assassin. (singing) If you were an assassin, that would've been a critical hit as well. All right, so roll damage against the Snugglelord. You take 11 damage. (singing) 11 damage to the Snugglelord, Snugglelord, Snugglelord. (singing) Edna, it's your turn. (singing) Edna has more powerful spells now, because you are level ten. Do not forget. (singing) A Lightning Bolt, perhaps? (singing) The moment that Edna, not being familiar with these high-level spells, has the instinct to release this energy she's not used before, the bolt streaks forth from her hands, striking Snugglelord, Kurt, the black powder merchant-- (singing) Too late. (singing) And the gibbering mouther. Make a reflex saving throw, you, and you, and blackpowder merchant does not make it with a seven. What is your damage? 8d6. Reflex saving throw. (singing) You take 28 points of lightning damage. (singing) You, Kurt, also roll it. (singing) You also take 28 points of lightning damage. (singing) It's not over, you see, because the bolt that you released also hit the blackpowder merchant. He failed the saving throw. He took almost enough life to take him to zero, but it ignited the blackpowder and, boom! (laughter) (singing) A cacophonous explosion rocks the cavern! I need another saving throw from all of you! Except for Edna and your son. (singing) It's your dexterity saving throw, so add your dex. (singing) All right, what did you roll? (singing) Ulfgar, what did you roll? Ulfgar, what did you roll? (singing) Yes. Roll a dexterity saving throw. (singing) All right. (singing) Yes, you do. Anyone who rolled lower than a ten just took 21 points of fire damage. (singing) Snugglelord is unconscious and currently dying. That brings us to Ulfgar. (singing) All right, so you're attacking with a Chromatic Orb attack? Is that what you're doing as an eldritch knight? (singing) Roll for attack. Roll for attack. (singing) That's all right, 11 still hits this monstrosity. (singing) So roll your sword's damage plus an additional 3d8. (singing) How do you want to do this? (cheering) (singing) How do you want to deal this final blow? You've slain the creature; describe your epic blow. (singing) You release your blasted orb of arcane energy, the cold flowing from your fingertips! The mouther, it skulks! It turns, and it wails, but the cold energy holds it in place, you see! Its flesh begins to freeze. It cracks its claws! Suddenly it freezes in place, unable to escape! You reach down with your blade and shatter. It scatters across the ground. Victory is yours. (air horn) You guys have completed a round of combat successfully, the musical. The battle is won. But go ahead and roll a death saving throw. A d20, roll a d20. Okay, so you're fine. You're not bleeding out, yet. So you guys all sit there and look about yourselves in your sex-changed forms, except for Edna. The Snugglelady lies on the ground, bleeding out. As you heal Snugglelord up, you look about, and you look down. The gibberling, which has slowly turned to this frozen, shattered mass as it begins to thaw over the next few minutes, as you take a moment to take care of your wounds and such, you see there is the arm and part of the face of the assistant you were seeking there on the ground. The assistant you came here to seek, there are parts of his body there on the ground. Oh, no. There are a couple pieces of the assistant; there are many pieces of Victor. However, at this moment, you feel a shudder of the room (impacts). You look over your shoulder, and you see now, coming down the hallway, these two giant, leathery red hands pulling its way through the hallway as a demonic pit fiend pulls its way down the tunnel behind you and goes, "Where is Salty Pete?" It's too fast. Go ahead and pull a card. You are granted the ability to cast the Wish spell one time. So as you pull the card and look at it, you feel suddenly the grace of the gods enter your mind, and you see the face of that Reika woman who appeared in the forest earlier. She goes, "I grant "you the last of my power one wish to save you in this instant. Choose wisely." And the vision is gone. You look down in your hand, and you see a single pearl, pulsating with energy, infinite possibilities there in your hand, as you see-- I'm going to pull up a picture just so you have an idea of what you're about to face-- standing about 15 or more feet tall, this thing coming down the hall. (impacts) The pearl vanishes from your hand. This cold wind begins to blow throughout the tunnel. The pit fiend goes, "I will destroy--" and turns into, what were you asking again? (yapping) This little puppy dog now comes up to you and starts gnawing on your ankle. It falls limp in your hands. As you drop the puppy, the pieces of Victor begin to shake and slowly pull together. As it does, the arm and the face of the assistant shake and all of them swirl together to form one horribly mutated blackpowder merchant/Cyril the assistant, going, "Augh! Which "of you--? Help me!" He's quivering in place with three arms and an additional face attached to it, covered in soot. It looks at you, going, "What have you done?" As you make your way back to town, carrying this moaning, horribly tortured entity right now that's-- making speech itself is a pain-- you make your way back to town, this legion of female heroes, all level ten. You've returned-- Yes. Big knockers. You've returned to the alchemist, who turns around and goes, "Oh, you've "returned! Great! I'm glad you could make it! Where's--? Whoa, what happened to all of you?" "There's nothing wrong with age. Have you brought my assistant back?" As he hobbles in, he goes, "Oh, three arms! That'll be even more useful! Thank you so much! "For the extra arm, I'll give you a 100-gold bonus!" He hands you the sack of gold coins. Both of you guys make dexterity checks right now. This is contested dexterity checks. With that, as Ulfgar reaches out, "No!" the Snugglelady vanishes. You hear laughing in the distance, running into the night. So now we're going to go through and have each of you guys give me the epilogue of what your character's doing post the story, just so we can wrap up here. So Ulfgar. Snugglelady? Yes. Ye Olde Corona. It's an Elven wine. All right. Salty Pete? So after this adventure, you imagine yourself on the desert island. However, you suddenly wake up with a headache and realize, shortly after you were hit with the Chromatic Orb by Ulfgar, you went unconscious. Your money's gone, and you're left with a heavy bruise and a bit of a sore back end. Yes. That happened beforehand. One finger for each sea. All right. Quaaludia. Unfortunately, it is a permanent incantation. All right. Kurtney? Edna? And so concludes our adventure for the evening. Thank you all so very much for joining in and helping us guide this to a momentous conclusion. Seriously. Thank you all so much for all your support on this entire Extra Life charity drive. You guys have shown tremendous, tremendous strength of heart for giving what you have over these past couple days. Really, really proud and honored to be part of this community. And from me, thank you for everything you guys have done, tremendously. We raised, what was the total? And these incredible implements here that are being donated to this thing are made by Gil Ramirez, a fantastic member of the community and a really, really talented smith of many regards. So these are hardcore, serious implements, guys. Fantastic. But yeah. So as everyone goes on their way, Stephanie, the now older, more trained, hardened, and bent on vengeance daughter of Ulfgar, goes around beating the ever-loving shit out of all previous members of the party, except for Edna who, for some reason, she can't seem to find. Apparently disappeared at some point in the field. I want to take a moment here and say, real fast, too, for all of you people who are watching who are dungeon masters, let this evening be a warning to you to never include the Deck of Many Things into your campaign because all of that hard-earned time you spent building your story, your world, your NPCs, an epic arc, will go down in flames in a very short period of time. That was unique. That was unique. Yeah. You guys are real creative. (laughter) 70k! We got it! (cheering) Sneak in, sneak in. We've got Claudia here to say something. Guys, thank you all so much, sincerely. Well, thank you guys for playing tonight. Thank you guys for being so awesome. Go for it. To be fair, this whole experience would've had a very high possibility, at a number of points, of killing a number of you, had you not all gone to level ten suddenly and gained all of these powers. But such is the thing. We never even got around to the-- one of the chat people gave you the power to form Captain Planet. They made some other cool things in there, but there's only a certain point where you start adding more to the wish before you get a third-arm-merged assistant. But no, guys, thank you all so much. Great suggestions. We hope you had a good night, and all of us at Critical Role will see you Thursday. Boom. Good night.