It's a lot of things. I couldn't decide. Yeah, yeah. That'd be nice. Before you started chasing people with a mallet? Yeah, sounds about right. Yeah, there was the dwarven city around-- or the duergar city around the Emberhold, which you guys managed to circumvent for the most part. That had some possible encounters there and social elements. Then within Yug'Voril itself, the cavern there, you saw the shimmer of a portal to the Far Realm. The Far Realm is the place beyond known space, where weird creatures come from. If you stepped through. That might not have ended well. You know in Event Horizon, when they--? Yeah, it was around the northern side of the cavern of Yug'Voril. And then there was the actual city around the pyramid. I had all this stuff planned for you guys making your way through the city and then multiple layers for the actual pyramid, this upward dungeon crawl into the top with the battle of K'Varn at the end. And you guys went, "Let's just fly over and drop a giant on "it!" So, that happened. No, I gave it to you guys. And then I took it away. And then I gave it back. Some abilities changed from the systems a little bit. A little bit of re-learning elements of the classes and stuff like that. Technically, Vox Machina, the name was taken during the ceremony in which Sovereign Tal'Dorei had a giant parade for you guys. They were asked, "We're going to present you before the people of Emon as the celebration and "thanks for you helping us through this difficult time. How would you like to be announced?" And it was that moment of, "Give us a-- We need to talk." Yeah, that might've been right around that same time when all that went down. It would've had to have been a lot of work to try and appeal to Clarota and convince him that his separation from the Elder Brain and his people is a permanent thing and now he could accept new society, new friends. But that would've taken a lot of role play. Kind of, I guess you could say! But it would've taken a lot. It was possible, but because at the time it was, well, he'll help us and then push along! For him, it was just survival. I mean, him even allying with you guys was purely out of your initial social confrontation with him and being like, "Whoa, we're okay! We're not going to hurt you!" And he's like, "Okay, I can survive "with these guys. I will convince them I'm a friend. They will take me to where I want to go "and maybe, if I free my people from this influence and free the Elder Brain from the influence of "K'Varn, they'll take me back." Oh, yeah. Well, an alhoon, which is an illithid who has arcane capabilities like that, is shunned forever, and is told you can never be part of the Elder Brain connection again. It's like being unplugged from your hive mind. And so for him, once he reconnected, it was-- yeah. There was no coming back. Yeah. Everything that happened to the de Rolos was kept close internally. Information got out about the Briarwoods currently running the space, there was that the de Rolos got very ill, the family all died off, and these friends came to power to continue their legacy. And that was the story that was suffused throughout Tal'Dorei, beyond the city's limits. So whenever they heard "de Rolo," either they think, "Well, he's crazy," or maybe he's a relative. But they weren't very politically connected. Well, two reasons on this. One, bullets don't exist in this world, really, outside of Percival and eventually some elements, so you have to make them. There's no other way to get them. Whereas arrows, you can buy them anywhere. But even before the stream happened, once you guys got hold of a Bag of Holding, you went and bought... I think it was a thousand arrows and just threw them in the bag. And at that point, I was like, "All right, don't worry about it. We're fine." Yeah. But yeah. At that point they were so cheap, and you guys had enough money in the bank that it was like, "I'll just not have to worry about this ever again." (announcer voice) Season three of Kash Kiss, on TLC. (laughter) Oh, God. Yes. No, because he had a last name, but I think when he made up the name of his dad, they weren't using last names a lot in the game. He said it once at the beginning, and it never came up for a long time, and so then Stonejaw came out, and eventually the two points connected and marvelous times were had. (laughter) Oh! Interesting. That would have been, I believe, one of the members of the Arcana Pansophical. Which member was it? I've mentioned it a couple of times, but the only person you've really dealt with from the Arcana-- Yeah. Well, Allura's a member. So was Drake Thunderbrand and a few other people. But it was one of the members there. And the idea was they were working on developing some sort of a portal that connected to the Hells and they needed demon parts and they'd found there was a rakshasa that was in the space of the area, and was kind of a twofer deal. Weed it out and also harvest parts from it that I could use as part of this ritual. Not really understanding or caring that whoever killed it would be locked into a cycle of revenge with whoever it was. But that's why you pay people to do it for you, because now the vengeance isn't on you! Oh, mages. So are we! No. That was part of the character's plan to develop them, as far as a past history. I didn't know if it was going to become a reconciliation, or like we once had a fling, but now we're just friends doing our own thing. And the first time you guys even heard of Kima was maybe the second session when you were looking for Grog in Westruun. And back then I was like, she would have had this past history with this mage character I'll introduce down the road during the campaign. But when I developed the whole Underdark arc I was like, Okay, they're still good friends, they still care about each other even though their lives are separate, and then that reunion was what re-sparked it. You guys retrieving Kima, and the idea of losing one another on her pilgrimage was what began to rekindle that process for the two of them. No, I had no idea! And once again, you don't know what to expect, what magical combinations of characters and people make for good storytelling, and what people will cling onto. And they became as important to a lot of other people as they were to me, as it progressed. I didn't expect them to be so impactful to me, either. You know, Allura eventually became, as we all realized, a self-insertion into the story at times. And yeah, it was cool to just watch it evolve. Yes? (laughs) Yeah, the Thunderbrands I designed to be kind of an ally in the journey into the Underdark. The idea is when you converse with them, there is a story with a family member who is lost in the Underdark, and if you guys had brought it up and discussed with them, like we're going down there, it's dangerous, can you be of any aid, they would either provide some equipment and possibly send somebody along with you who would be kind of a guide into the Underdark. One of the Thunderbrand mages. Yeah, you eventually found the necklace that was part of that thread, which was eventually returned to House Thunderbrand. But yeah, instead of that, you guys and Tiberius-- and once you guys walked out to the front of the house, and attacked their wards with spells, and then got in their face at the door, and then Scanlan turned invisible and snuck inside for no reason, and-- (laughter) So that thread didn't continue (laughs). But yeah, it would have been just, like, an alliance that would have led to some possible bonuses in equipment options and possibly an ally to guide you through the Underdark, but... (laughs) Sure... That's an interesting point. So, Ioun and the Knowing Mistress and the following there is a belief that knowledge and the dissemination of knowledge is of paramount importance to elevate and teach people about history, about lore, about truth. And when she was wounded and when her following was largely culled during the Calamity, and then shortly after the Divergence, they had to go into hiding. So the followers of Ioun outside of the Cobalt Reserve, which are like the most prominent members of them but they are well protected by the governments, including Osysa, they had to go into hiding and in doing so kind of-- I imagine almost like those truth groups that find secret information and then disseminate it to the press this is the truth about this, and kind of reveal and whistle-blow certain things. That's kind of how a lot of Ioun's followers have to work in society. Because if they reveal themselves, there are a lot of darker elements that will hunt them down and try and destroy them. Followers of Tharizdun, the Chained Oblivion, and other individuals that want to see this wounded god eventually taken away. So Osysa has long been an agent of Ioun's will and they needed a bastion of that in Vasselheim, and so the creation of the Slayer's Take was all a cover, in a way, of ingraining that within Vasselheim society. And Osysa needs to stay hidden to be that heart of the information network for the followers of Ioun in that part of the countryside of Issylra. Actually, you shouldn't know that, because it's still in the world! There might be some questions that I can't answer because they might-- and I'm not saying they will pertain to the next campaign, but they might. The other Horn of Orcus does exist in the world, as there are a number of other artifacts and vestiges that-- Yeah. It's right in the sand there. It's two feet deep, some kid's going to find it on vacation. (laughter) That's crazy! He gives himself advantage on attack rolls. You did have Indomitable where you can reroll saving throws as well. He was trying to find some sort of proof that they perhaps didn't have the political power for the promises they were making to build the bridge between the Shearing Channel and Wildemount. The whole ordeal of the dinner was this meeting of the strange, mysterious, and somewhat secluded Whitestone society and the Council of Emon in hopes to bridge this gap with the Briarwoods who represented interests from Whitestone. They seemed to have connections and boasted a lot of knowledge of Whitestone, political connections. Asum was reading something off about them. He was trying to seek some element of proving or catching them in a lie about them being able to do so, and as such, save the Council from anything negative. I don't think he really knew how deep it went, obviously. He didn't trust that their politics were in line. That was a hunter. That was a denizen of Whitestone who was out hunting with the wolves at night. If they had seen you, it could have been either an opportunity for you to learn things about the city and its current state, as opposed to wandering in and figuring it out as it happens. Or if it went poorly, someone who could try and escape and go back and relay information to the Briarwoods in hopes of not being killed or getting some possible favor with the overlords. Out of fear. They weren't a follower or a toady. They were just a person who lived there and wanted to survive and would have done so if they didn't feel you could help them. There may have been and I don't recall the specifics of that. I'm pretty sure you figured that out on your own. I don't think I made you roll to figure that information. The only way to break it would have been to physically kill Orthax. Go to where Orthax would reform in the Abyss and then destroy him there. Or destroy the implement in which the curse had bound him in, so honestly it was the better choice. From what you know, yeah. Well, both. Well, now, yes. I don't want the new campaign to tie too strongly to this campaign. I want it to be its own thing. I want the story to be something wholly unique and new and not feel like it's living in the shadow of or trying to connect directly to the last game. It's a very different part of the world. There will be choices that were made and things you guys did in this campaign that have affected the world and will effect elements down the road, per se. But I don't want it to be a continuation directly, I want it to feel new and different. So I'm keeping track of it all for my own internal consistency, and for answering questions for people who are playing their own games in Tal'Dorei and beyond, but that's my idea. Taliesin, you just told me the Briarwoods came and murdered your family. Yep. Which I think is a great tool for players when you're creating character backstories. Write in as much as your character knows because it gives the DM room to create in that space and surprise you and, you know, create things behind the scenes for them. It's like, in this perspective, with the Briarwoods, I'd created a scenario where they were not like super powerful lord and lady in the Dwendalian Empire, but they had some renown, some power, some connections, and they existed a comfortable life out there. She was a lesser mage, working with an academy out there, and her husband had gotten sick. The disease that had begun to take him they couldn't find a cure for, so she went out to try and find a way of curing it, trying to find somebody who could concoct a means of doing so, and did, and returned too late and he had passed. She was so distraught by it that she began to just delve into her meditation, delving into her magics, trying to find something to stop him, just screamed into the Astral Sea her fury, and a voice whispered back. And it said, "I can help you." And that was Vecna. She didn't know that at the time, but these whispers started to come to her in her dreams, and began to give her elements of information. And in her grief, she began to just follow them blindly, and eventually it led her to one of Vecna's old laboratories, with an old servant of his that forgot his name for ages. He's so old that he doesn't know his name, just kind of this undead servant, this powerful creature that watches over it, and that's where she found, through the whispers, the rites of vampirism. And he was like, "I can give you the secret to bring your love back to life, but then you owe me. You're "mine." And so she said, "Whatever it takes." The resurrection of Sylas as a vampire was a fraction of Vecna's power that tied them to him. However, because of her toying with necromancy, which is outlawed in the Dwendalian empire, and people were seeing her acting weird, she was pursued, discovered to have been toying with necromancy, and there was a hunt out for them both. They were both arrested, they got away, and there was a hunt to find them and have them executed. And so they fled the Dwendalian empire, went to the Menagerie Coast, which is where Port Damali is, which is kind of like the last major port town on the way western to Tal'Dorei, and that was where they ran into Ripley. And Ripley had her own thing she was fleeing from and they both were like, hey we're both fugitives from the Dwendalian Empire with really no direction, let's work together. And that's where they had heard about this place of Whitestone, and they began to talk and get in with the family and began to make these trips from Port Damali to Whitestone to build a relationship with them, to take their guard down. Made some alliances there, turned some people who worked in the castle with this whole plan of just completely gutting this family that had, for the most part for their own intention, cut themselves off from the rest of the world politically so no one would really know or care if they went missing or died. Yep, that's kind of how they done it. That's funny, I didn't know that. Even the story that Taliesin gave me was just, he had a dream where some dark entity showed him how to make a gun. And that was it. And the way I developed it was Orthax was not going to begin to manifest itself until the moment of possible vengeance arose. The minute that he allowed that fury to see someone who he intended to kill before him as part of his list, that was when the demon would begin to manifest itself. So it didn't until the Briarwood arc. It gives me the opportunity, and like anybody out there who has DM-ed a game can agree with me-- --gives the opportunity for the DM to play-- (laughter) I remember you talking to me about that. We were discussing what would happen if you decided to go that route. We were like, well, Keyleth just leaves and you make a new character. And maybe she'll come back, maybe she won't. Ripley probably would have either found a way to escape or once the Briarwoods were freed you would have to go back down to deal with that. But the minute she had any chance of escape she would have, or probably try and work her way into your wiles. If she was purely unable to escape the prison and you knew who she was, and you had defeated the Briarwoods, and Whitestone was yours once more and you just had her prostrate in a cell with no weapons, and you intending to murder her, she would have done everything in her power to be as sly and convincing that she was as used as anyone else. As Cassandra was, and to get in your good graces and the first chance she had to abscond with any of your technology, gone. That's a good point of reference. Yeah, very much so. Definitely. No. To get a little dark here-- No. The Briarwoods, in order to cement their rule, they needed to instill absolute fear of fleeing or any sort of rebellion. So you don't just murder the family, you leave them in public as a sign. So those bodies you saw hanging from the Sun Tree weren't the first to hang from that tree. In fact, I never got to tell you, because it never came up and nobody would have told you at that time, but when you saw the Vox Machina hanging from the Sun Tree, those were almost the exact same arrangement as Percy's family were after Whitestone. She was one of the main figures that began to restore the knowledge of the experience. It did. She succeeded the ritual, but she didn't know what she was looking for. Like all things piecemeal with Vecna, she was told to prepare all these things to succeed. And when it succeeded, it triggered the siphon, which became this tiny dot that did nothing from her perspective. And so she went from "All right, this grand ceremony!" to "That's it? We failed." It was too early, they were pushed to do it, and they were already afraid it wouldn't have functioned, but the idea was they succeeded entirely. And if you guys had prodded it enough over time, began to delve into the research and make that a big point, you might have discovered that it was a successful ritual, but the fact that you didn't made it more fun for me to play in the background anyway. As far as Delilah was concerned, it failed, but when she was killed the first time and then recovered in her clone body and began to reconnect with the whispers of Vecna, Vecna was like, "No, you did "good. And now to move onto the next one, now to prepare for the next siphon to be triggered." And so that was the background progression of her arc while you guys were battling the Conclave and everything. You had to attune to it to reveal it all or Identify it in advance. I didn't. No, there were a number of ways. They could have attempted to focus all their strength towards the residuum wall that was blocking them off. They could have tried to block up or destroy the chutes in which the acid was being delivered to the chamber and bought some time. I believe the way you got to the button-- Yeah, the Mountebank to teleport through. There was a way of opening the door, but it was elsewhere in the chamber. There was a possibility of waiting for the Briarwoods to leave and then fiddle with the buttons, but... kind of jumped the gun on that one. No, you were not. But that, once again, wonderful D&D moment. You didn't. The rest of the campaign is a dream! Yeah, it was a lot of, "Hey, I lost this thing, could you please go get it for me? Please?" And he went, "We'll see." I had planned if they had encountered her... yeah, I guess I did always intend for her to appear on the gun based on the encounters as they were going to reveal-- unless there was some way in which they met Cassandra, they had snuck into the castle and came across her room beforehand and managed to break her of her cycle of mental abuse with the Briarwoods-- possibly it could have been averted but for the most part, it was designed to be one of those crux moments where it's a point of showing Percival how deep this terrible choice and deal he made can go. Oh, six more names would have appeared. Yeah, which is why I think it's so interesting that you say that because I didn't know that. And the intent of Orthax's revenge curse is that it's continuous. Once you've made that deal, you take those six names out, well now there's six more people you have to kill. And if you don't have anybody you need vengeance for, let's go find people. That was when the will contrast comes. The List is still there, the creature is always there. It just means that if it lost the current battle, it would bide its time and come back stronger again until eventually he loses the will to resist. A natural 20 was pretty close to what you needed, or a high roll. I think the DC was an 18 to try to resist the impact. You saw what happened when they put anything through it. That would have been Keyleth. She would have gone through, taken a shit ton of damage, and either died, or if she survived, thrust out into the Shadowfell, seriously jacked up on the outskirts of Thar Amphala. And you would have found a lot earlier what the Vecna tie-in to the story was, and it would have changed a lot of the story at that point if Keyleth had survived. I can't recall the exact amount of damage, but the average was somewhere in the neighborhood of 100 to 150 damage. Few things would have been more fucked up in the game-- I thought about it afterward-- than having the success of this arc and then your character, out of curiosity, dead. And then me having to tell you, "I'm sorry, Keyleth's gone, and they don't know where you are." And if that was the case, then whatever new character that would have come along would have progressed from there. And when you finally got into Thar Amphala, there would have been an undead Keyleth probably under Vecna. I decided what made more sense. The Sovereign I wanted to die because I wanted it to be a transition into the Council, the Republic of Emon and Tal'Dorei, and I wanted it to be a central figure that had previously become the highest ally you had attained. To have them slaughtered immediately would be one of those giant wind out of the sails, you're on your own type sensation. I decided on that and I thought of which members of the Council would be the most brave and resolute and probably throw their lives away in trying to attack this unassailable force that had just arrived. So I decided on those based on what the narrative made sense for. No, the event just happened to coincide. The plan that the Conclave was still intending to happen, it was still geared towards the conjunction set upon by the Winter's Crest and Thordak's escape from the Fire Elemental plane-- this was all long-planned by Raishan and the council. However, because you had been noticed through the orbs, it gave a face, so now there was an element of recognizing who you were, these meddlers to a certain extent. When you did arrive, when you did confront certain members who may have been aware, it also put you on Raishan's radar very heavily, which led to Raishan finding information very quickly, ascertaining your location in Whitestone once things had gotten a little rough with the Conclave, and trying to find a strong position going forward. Probably, yeah. It was my plan when I introduced the orbs and I introduced Krieg and Brimscythe, that was all going to be a lead up to the attack of the Conclave back then. I intended that to be an event down the road, and that was the tease to it. But going at the pace we were playing at home, we would have gotten to that by about now. He was really close. It was a choice, it was whether or not you pursued the treasure, the money, gold and items that had been shifted away from the Clasp and looters, or go directly for Gilmore. And you had that choice, Vex and the rest of you, as you were looting your way through, and the idea was going to be if you chose to go for the money, for the treasure, Gilmore would have been dead when you found him. Mind you, you could have possibly Resurrected him, or not, depending on what the timing was, but that still would have been the knowledge going forward that you were responsible for his death. It was meant to be one of those crux choices of learning what it meant in moments of crisis to fight against your own greed and self-serving ideas versus the greater good and/or friendships you made. You did it! Good. Oh, for his original--? I believe it would have been... I don't think I told you the name at the moment. But it would have been-- Tie it all together. No, it would have been another Marquesian boy, and I would have had to come up with a name on the spot. No, we're going to leave that name to the annals of history to never be brought up ever again. Vesh, the threat and the belief that Kashaw holds in Vesh, was very powerful. And Vesh is a dangerous entity on the scale that you guys were dealing with at the time, definitely. I don't think it was so much a razor's edge, but it would have piqued her interest. Essentially, an entity that had been, for the most part, kept at the shadows and primarily focused on Kashaw's journey would have been forced to turn an eye to Vox Machina and meddle in those affairs. And in a weird way, the deal with the Raven Queen circumvented that. So much of the story changed the moment that Vax stepped forward. The Raven Queen's tomb, the thought had approached me of having Vesh appear in that circumstance, but because it was the Raven Queen's tomb, I think she would have overridden that circumstance and what little glimpse Vesh would have had would have just piqued her curiosity. She wouldn't be able to be there or exact any sort of immediate strange occurrence. It's hard to look back in the moment because some of that was improvised, some of it was just trying to feel it out. Yeah, Vesh isn't necessarily a god, though she likes to put herself in that form and say that she is. Kashaw definitely believes she is, but she's not a god. Plate of the Dawnmartyr. We're also going to get to that. I hope we are! I hope we're getting to that! I envision he got the Knuckles by beating to an absolute bloody pulp the previous owner. It could have been a chance meeting. It wasn't something that he sought. The previous owner was moving through the countryside in Tal'Dorei, got waylaid by the Herd of Storms, and unexpectedly was bludgeoned to death, and took them, and once connected with these gauntlets, was like, "Oh. I "can rise to prominence in this." Kevdak was not the leader at the time, and then brutally worked his way up to become the person helming the Herd of Storms. This would have been a young Kevdak. He had no aspirations beyond that and just expanding the herd, and taking what he wanted. Once the Conclave came and destroyed most of what was society, protected society, at that time, that was when he saw the opportunity. Like, "These guards cannot repel us. They are disorganized. They are focused "on this other foe. Now's the time for us to finally live like kings." That was when he convinced the herd to charge Westruun with him. They were unprepared for them, with a smaller number of very focused and very powerful warriors, and a populace where much of their guard had been slaughtered or scattered, they carved right into the heart and center and took over the city. That was when they made the deal with Umbrasyl, in which case at the time, he was like, "I will work "with you." But of course, once you have that taste of power, and having the gauntlets as long as he did, he fully saw himself down the road destroying Umbrasyl or bending Umbrasyl to his will, and then being, like, Dragon King Kevdak. I don't know if that would have ever happened, but that's definitely where he saw himself. It was a fast power ramp in his mind of where he wanted to go once he saw what he could do. No, not for long with that scenario. Do you really want to know, Ashley? Practically. No, it was his wife's ashes. He was completely, 100 percent honest. Not every NPC is out to fuck you. Oh my God, I don't know where he came from. Yeah, because you'd even strapped a symbol of Sarenrae to your hand at one point. You were starting to push that direction of a faith follower of Sarenrae. I'm sorry. It's just where the narrative went. I didn't expect any of that to happen. I didn't expect you to die, I didn't expect there to be a ritual, I didn't expect it. And it was one of those things where because it was in the Raven Queen's temple, it would be any place where she would reveal herself as part of this ritual, or an image of herself, an avatar of herself. And then when you made that decree, it was like, "Oh. She'll accept." This changes the whole direction of the character and where that story for you was going, on just one series of chance moments. No. To be perfectly honest, I decided on the fate-touched thing because I knew you were going through some hard stuff, and I wanted to give some little special light to you. I didn't know when it was going to come up... I didn't know when it was going to come up. I thought it might be more of a late-campaign reveal, like once things got more epic in scale, and you were working with divinity, someone would recognize and point that out, and would be like, "Oh!" But that moment made complete sense, when you made that decree to the Raven Queen. And with her being the purveyor over fate, I was like, "Well, this is the moment where it would come up." I was really rooting for you in that fight. There was a possibility that Grog could have won that one-on-one, but if I recall, the dice just did not go in your direction-- I had considered both sides of it. If you managed to take him down in one-on-one combat, it would have been a very different scenario. Then it would have turned into a temporary, very tense diplomatic conversation with the herd. But then when you guys had finished the fight and destroyed him and his right-hand man, it was like, all right, we need to reevaluate this. It's one of my favorite moments in the game. You can have fucked up thoughts, and not necessarily act on them completely. Well the shot to the hand was-- It's possible. But I considered a lot of Laura's-- motions going in those specific moments and a lot of things that had happened going towards a series of selfish things that didn't necessarily toward the betterment of other people-- --and that is the calling card of a chaotic neutral character. If you had stolen the broom for a greater good or a necessary purpose to save people or-- It was purely because you wanted to fly. And there had been a number of moments like that where I had kind of been considering it for a while, and that was a big moment where I was like, "All "right, I'll knock you down." But once again, alignment doesn't make a huge difference. I don't think alignment should be a guide for the roleplay, I think it should be reactive to the roleplay. And more of an indicator. I agree with elements of alignment in games, and I disagree with elements of it. I keep it in because it's a relic of the times and it works as a decent guide here and there, but it's not a big deal. I had some vestiges that were definitely geared towards specific players, like Mythcarver for Scanlan, the Titanstone Knuckles for Grog, and the Spire for Keyleth. But when it came to the Deathwalker's Ward, the Cabal's Ruin, those were a little more open. It was going to be between the three of you guys. And there was the possibility of someone doubling up on vestiges. With Fenthras, that was probably going to go to you, but depending on who wanted to focus on what, it was either the opportunity of people swapping them, or one person was better with a single vestige or multiple vestiges, that could be decided. I didn't know who was going to take Deathwalker's Ward, but it was the first vestige you had encountered, and it was probably going to be one of you five who would use leather consistently. Other than those few that were very specifically tailored for those classes, I left the others open for choice and who wanted to adopt them. And then once you had made the choice with the Raven Queen and the temple, it was like, "Well, I feel like that choice is "definitely made." That's right. Everything that you had. Oh yeah, there's plenty of vestiges, good and bad vestiges. They're everywhere. I feel like religion was a big one. It would have been a great end to Percy's story. I had made peace with that end for him, and we had talked about other character possibilities. I think elements of your character in the next campaign started as your alternative character for Percy and decided to go. But when Vex dropped that bomb in the middle of the-- It was like, "Well, that's going to be a hard press for Taliesin to talk that one away." So what Raishan was doing with Thordak's corpse was an ancient variant of Speak with Dead. Now when you cast Speak with Dead, you rise the spirit up and you can ask it questions, and it can decide whether or not it wants to answer truthfully or answer at all. What she was concocting was a more intense version of that that actually tortures and forces information out of his soul. What she was trying to do was be given a moment where she could extract information from Thordak's soul. And the information she wanted was the location of Opash's lair and what he wanted what was the secret, the secret to her-- it wasn't Opash's lair, it was what was the secret to her getting rid of the disease that she knew, she saw in his eyes, that he was truthful about from the very beginning. And that information was Opash's lair, and when you interrupted her, she sealed you guys off, continued with the ritual, got enough information to get out of there to Opash's lair, teleport there, and then got the rest of the information she needed when she had absconded with it. So that's why when she left and she put the force wall there, it was just to keep you at bay, just to give her enough time to get the information she needed to know where to go, and then took his corpse with her so she could get the last bit of information when she had found herself there. Oh, Thordak was mutating, Thordak was becoming something new. No, the sickness is very real. The soul curse on Raishan was very real. And Raishan was very, very desperate to find a way as it began to-- it was continuing to spread as the years went on and she knew her time was limited, and she needed to find a way out. And she, as a natural deceiver, can see through lies at an instinctual basic level, and when her first battle with Thordak led to Thordak saying, "I can help "you with that. I know a way to stop that," which was his eventual plan of becoming a dracolich. And the eggs were an unexpected circumstance. When they had put the soul anchor within Thordak and kept him in the Fire Elemental Plane, the sheer force of elemental chaos began to change him and shift him. And eventually, he began to, in a Jurassic Park kind of way, no longer be a particular sex, just began to become an entity that gave birth to create progeny. Life finds a way. So the eggs were, and are, a representation of a new species, a primal elemental dragon. You killed them all, as far as you know. That means that's an invitation for anybody who's playing a campaign in Tal'Dorei! That's for any of you guys out there that are playing in the game, that could be something. That's what you guys do to me. That's your fault. Legends tell of a vast, underground world and the countless treasures that lie in store for worthy adventurers. (singing) You've signed up the best. You're on a great quest to find the mighty motherlode. There's treasure galore, but peril's in store and construction that isn't up to code. Trespass with care, there should be something rare, you can grab all the loot that you can handle. Such riches you'll own, but leave one thing alone. (singing) And if you steal their light, you then must take flight, eluding each hazard and each trap. It's a chaotic race as the monsters give chase, and all the while you're trying to follow the map. They're gaining on you, your options are few, and you fear that you're never going to get home. You sought after wealth, but you lose all your health to kobolds & catacombs! It's Kobolds & Catacombs! They totally could have. If circumstances allowed them to or if they decided to. If the kraken had died, the lodestone sources that both prevent the expansion of the rift between the water elemental plane and the ocean there would have been lost. The lodestones do slowly degenerate over time. They also keep Vesrah aloft above the ocean. It would've begun to sink. It wouldn't have been immediate. It wasn't like all of sudden it dies and it collapses. Over the next five or so years when they began to degenerate, and they wouldn't have had a source. The would have had to find another kraken and either continue to farm in that area or lure one closer to the rift. It would have fucked up their entire ecosystem and would've had to find a new way to do it. No, actually. In failing the Aramente, Keyleth would've stepped aside. She could still join whatever small council there is to the Air Ashari alongside her father, Korren. But somebody else would've been chosen to take on the Aramente to become the next leader. It's not always blood-related. Classically, it's a generational thing. But it also can go to whoever is the most worthy and willing to take the Aramente. You can say no if you don't feel like you want to. The rakshasa. Incorrectly. Utugash! He wouldn't have been a lingering threat for the next campaign. The rakshasa's bent on vengeance towards the one that killed him. Otherwise, it goes about their own business, their own plans and plots. So Hotis would have eventually acknowledged at the end. By the time Hotis would've come back, the campaign would've been over. So it would have been a post-credits scene, if you will, where his vengeance against Vax cannot be acquired because he's no longer around. It would instead turn towards Ashley, towards Pike. Hotis, at this point, knows what he's up against, and would not just go up against you by himself. A rakshasa, upon realizing what you can do, especially if you killed him once or twice, is going to instead go after the people you care about. I'm glad it worked out the way it is, it made for a better end point. That would have been a recurring nightmare for Pike until she dealt with it once and for all as was. You've already asked this question. It was in a bear context. Yeah, Tova lived. Tova did live. The only reason Tova survived is because of the ring of invisibility. It was just enough of a tool to enable her to get around the smaller dangers and avoid the bigger ones that could see through invisibility and find a way out. Unfortunately, she didn't recover any of her allies, but she survived. I wasn't sure how long you wanted that to be. We had just discussed his-- Yeah, we did a whole series of rolls to see about successes and failures. By the end, you had their counterfeiter, you knew their underground, and there was a power vacuum in this small scale of what business they were running. I asked you what you wanted to do, and you said "I'll invite Kaylie and the two of us will take over the business." That's where that happened. It naturally went that direction. Expensive antique furniture. Things that you'd sell to the upper lordship. The soulstones from Dis? Other than the quick high and perhaps the ingestion of one right before battle giving a temporary advantage to initiative, maybe. Not really. They're not designed as sustenance for human beings. The benefits are generally gained by devils and entities that can subsist and gain power from souls. It's a whole different ball game. But for these chuckleheads in Dis it basically meant you got a brief headrush and realized you devoured something once living. For one of those special nights. Might be a stronger brief headrush. It was suggestive, a little bit. I remember she pushed you onto this slab and straddled you. And you were like, "What's going on?!" It was her bequeathing the heart to him. It was ceremonial from her perspective, but it was also trying to make Travis uncomfortable. As I'm describing this to him in his kitchen. Yeah. Nothing happened. Ah, okay. If you are found to be listening to the theatre and you are not a member of the theatre, they converge on you and make you a member. They pull your soul to join the theatre. Which means you either have to flee or fail to flee and become a member of the theatre. Begin as an audience member and the longer you're there, eventually you're pulled into one of the various performances or troupes that cycle through there. Got caught or was a spirit that eventually wandered into the theatre and found a home there. Essentially, yeah. You must join after your third show. The Tal'Dorei Vegas wedding. I think you were too far out of range. You spent some time in the Turst Fields, but even that was too far. The range on the earrings is like 1000 feet. None. He didn't want to be found, and there were a few attempts. I asked you guys this when we were over the break, and everyone said, "Nope. If he wants to do his thing, let him do his thing." That's right. Ashley really tried. The two of you went to try and find him. You're right; thank you for correcting me on that. The two of you, unfortunately, didn't know where to go, didn't know what to look for. You'd expected him to still be nearby or on Tal'Dorei. You asked in Emon, you asked in Westruun. You looked around for any sort of sign, but he was in Marquet the whole time so there was no chance of finding him. You did. After a responsible period of time. Not well for the Darrington family. The way it had gone back and forth leading up to that final roll, if he had rolled poorly and didn't have that die roll or that die roll rolled poorly, that would have been the end of the family unit. It would have been an unfixable divide between him and his father. He would have been probably cast out of the house indefinitely. His mother would have had to choose between. It would have just sundered the whole family. It would have made for a very different and a very interesting story arc for Taryon at that point, and then the-- honestly, that might have been more of an opportunity for him to stay with Vox Machina if he wanted to. Yeah, for a little while longer, at the very least, because he didn't have a family to try and help right the story for. I was really worried for him. I had forgotten about the fate die at that point, and when you rolled so poorly I was like, "Shit, there it is." And then you had just won the Battle Royale and got that die and I was like, "Well that-- if you can't--" You can't call it a fate die more than that fucking moment! That was ridiculous. Mm-hmm. I did, but by the time it had come around to where I was planning to maybe pull it in, other story threads were prominent in the front and it just would have made things messy. Yeah, the way things had gone-- a hag who liked to play with fate and toy with the soul of another, but when that soul already belongs to the goddess who is the goddess of fate and the transition of death, the hag can sense that and be like, "Nah, I'm good." Yeah, no. At that point it was like, "Okay, I invested poorly, I'm going to cut my losses and run." It's an ability. We'll let it slide. I would hope it would be Cure Wounds, as a cleric. Possible? From each deity they reached out to, they could have acquired a seed or a spark that could be created into a trammel. But they went to all the gods they knew were closest to them. Those were the fast tracks to the ones that would have the closest connection and the easiest, most fine-tuned challenges to what you're able to do. Other deities that you didn't have a strong connection to, you'd have to research what they're about, where they are, how to get there and then each one of those experiences would have been a much longer, protracted, and challenging endeavor. That's more time that would have added to the progression of Vecna's power. If you had gone to a fourth deity, there probably wouldn't be a Vasselheim standing, Vecna would have performed the miracle, would have begun to understand abilities beyond the avatar form. If you'd gone to two more trammels, the expansion of power would have gone past the ocean into Tal'Dorei and Marquet. I had a scaling element to his power based on how many things you went for. Had you gone beyond those core deities that you already had connections with, it was going to get more challenging down the road. It was a good balance. You guys got the ones that were close, quickly, and then went there before things got too out of hand. I know where. No one else is going to fucking know that. That's not campaign information; that's world lore information! That miniature is his phylactery. No, you have no idea. Brian Foster and the internet You don't know. A couple of things. They were resonating because they were close to the source of which they were carved. The earth titan that was raised is what the Titanstone Knuckles were forged from. The vibration when you got there was a key to that and a possible other key to tackling the conflict with Vecna. Because of the siege elements of it and the resonation between it, the gauntlets gave a bonus in structural damage against the interior of the titan. There were other ways to slow it. If you decided not to the stealth topside element, you could also begin to damage around the legs, knee structures, and cripple it from the inside. That would have stopped the titan from moving. It would have been slowly regenerating, but you would have slowed it down or stopped it for a period of time. That would have also notified all of Thar Amphala that you were there. It would have been an upward fight through the armies. There were benefits to all the different choices you made, but that was one option that you could have made. The gauntlets were a nudge to that if you wanted to explore that, the gauntlets could help you. You could've been quick and let them bypass, hide as they went past. There were a lot of ways you could've tackled that. They really ran with that. Made it cooler than I ever imagined. Oh! Actually, this ties into what I answered earlier. Remember when I mentioned that Delilah had found one of Vecna's laboratories and there was a nameless servant there that had been keeping it? That was the servant. As it grew closer to Vecna's ascension, this servant was rewarded for centuries and centuries of undead vigilance, looking over and keeping hidden these spaces in Wildemount. He was elevated to death knight status and became one of the great warriors of Vecna's return. Doesn't even know his name. He's been old and held in that space alone for so long that has no recollection of the living life before and only understands its existence at the behest of Vecna. Kind of, yeah! Totally! Vax, you mean. I knew that you had an inclination because you came to me and asked, "What can this spell "affect?" It's such a broad spell. I outlined some vague ideas. It's powerful because it has so many things that it can do, but there are limits to its power and what it can achieve, so it's important to consider timing, scope, specific words. I knew that you had possible interest in using it. I tried not to outline too specifically and give you the space. I knew it was a possibility, but also it's a clutch spell for battle, it has so many great uses. I didn't know if it was going to show up at all at that moment. So when you said that as the Counterspell in the final battle, it hit me all the conversations we had, it all hit at once. You can see it on my face on the episode. I'm just like, "Oh. Shit. Okay! Oh, god." Yeah. For some reason, I knew that was a possibility, but that moment was when it hit me, the ramifications of that choice and that moment. It's one of my favorite moments of the game. I imagine out of that standing guilt that a lot of stories, a lot of tales told about the deeds and memory of Vax'ildan and the great things he did. I don't know. Oh! In the tower Entropis. The side you guys went up had the bodies, the torturing devices and such. The opposite side you didn't go up had a bunch of ancient holy relics that had been sundered and destroyed. It was the research laboratory for the creation of the seed that ascended Vecna. One side was the torture, mutilation, gathering of information from the flesh. The other side was the desecration, destruction, and tearing of information from ancient relics past. The two together is what eventually led to preparation for the Ritual of Seeding, which allowed his ascension. There were two sides to the tower. You went up the side where you found the bodies and the torture devices. You saw familiar faces. To be fair, if you had called in the last part of the contract and been granted the wish, if it was carefully placed, you could've found a way to alter or adjust it because the deal hadn't been closed. The same way that Scanlan was going to, but once again at the cost of your own personal soul. I don't know, it's interesting. That moment for Percival, that whole sequence leading up to and after that was my favorite Percival moment. I watched you break. It was wonderful. Grief. Though they were estranged for many years, he regrets the treatment of his two twin children and has been spending a large part of his life thereafter trying to reconcile the choices he made as a father to them. Beyond the grief and sadness there, there's a lot of pride in the things that he's learning that his son accomplished, and his twin daughter has continued to go into. He's learned a lot of lessons about the issues in Syngorn's society and acceptance of other races, cultures. He's doing the best he can, within his own lower political position, to try and influence future generations and politics between the nations to be a little more open. I don't want to answer too much of this because I like to leave the ethereal essence of these questions to interpretation. I think a little bit of both. As part of that process, Vax was able to reconnect with the spirit of his mother, even if temporarily or occasionally. But also, as was decided and discussed between the two of them, prevent an element of loneliness in that transition for her. The small section of mortal self that she maintains takes solace in keeping the champions close. Ever watching and doing the work she needs. I don't want to go any deeper than that because I don't think I need to. That was one of the things we mentioned earlier. The Titanstone Gauntlets. Destroying it from the inside, hobbling it from the interior. Those were really the only means that would have functioned. The exterior was too powerful. It could only be damaged from the inside. It's serious business. I like your hair! She wanted to fix him! Don't let anyone ever say that humans aren't a good race to choose in D&D because you're going to get all the folks up on you. Everything they've mentioned here and so many more. It's hard to pick, it really is, there's so many. They do. They are. It's the magic of this. Can I say, as a man who grew up playing Dungeons & Dragons and continuously being told that bards were the worst class and that charisma was a fucking dump stat and fighting that because I knew the potential for storytelling with that kind of a character. Even though older editions didn't do them service, they've done better as they've gotten out. I'm so thankful that you stepped up to the challenge of the "worst character" and "worst race" and shown just how amazing it can be. It changed all our lives, dramatically. I mean, we have this family now. It's true. It's weird. It's very strange to look at myself as a 35 year old man who has spent his entire life trying desperately to do something with his life, and to genuinely believe that the greatest thing I've accomplished is with you guys, in this. I mean, that's the truth. That's the truth. I am so proud and so happy to have been part of this with you guys. And we get to make a new one soon!