Hello everyone, and welcome to tonight's episode of Critical Role, where a bunch of us nerdy-ass voice actors sit around and play Dungeons & Dragons. It's been a nice break. I can smell it. The very onion musk you got from that end of the table. I miss it; I do! I'm excited for the new campaign and the new year. I've been working really hard on that world. I hope you guys are excited, too. We'll have information about that first game soon. But tonight, we're excited because we get to have the fantastic Jennifer Hale join us! There you go. Hashtag. We're happy to have you. Excited for you to play. Once again, don't feel stressed. Ask questions if you need them. People are here to help you. You'll be good. Laura, we talked about this. Tonight, on top of that, we have a very special one-shot. The fantastic folks at Blizzard have come together and asked us to do a Hearthstone one-shot in celebration of the upcoming expansion, Kobolds & Catacombs. Super excited about that. For those who aren't aware of it, it's an upcoming expansion for the card game, Hearthstone, that brings the classic fantasy dungeon crawl element to the awesome, existing card game. It incorporates a bunch of cool, mysterious magical items, nine new legendary weapons, some of which you'll recognize if you've played World of Warcraft in the recent expansions. There's unidentified magical items that you can find in the game, so this has definitely more of a D&D, classic-dungeon-crawl feel. There's spell stones you have to power as you go through. It's got a lot of really cool new mechanics that add to the game. They have a single-player dungeon run mode now, where you're actually doing a dungeon delve with your Hearthstone deck, playing through a storyline, making choices. It brings a whole new kind of tabletop element to the game. I've seen a bunch of it. They even had me come and sing in the trailer, so I've been tied to this-- Possibly other elements of the expansion. But it's been really fun and we're excited for you guys to check it out. For those who've been playing the game, there's a new mechanic called recruit, which allows you to recruit members to your party, basically minions from your deck, to help you out. So there's a whole bunch of new mechanics that work out for the new dungeon-run mode and other elements of the game, so definitely look forward to checking that out. It is coming out December 7th, so right around the corner. Keep an eye out for that. Go to bit.ly/crhearth to stay up to date and learn more. Also, to celebrate the release of Hearthstone, the people at Blizzard have created a custom kobold escape room, based on one of the lairs in the world. They'll be live-streaming players and personalities from the Hearthstone community going through that escape room on December 5th, at 430pm Pacific time, at twitch.tv/playhearthstone, or youtube.com/hearthstone. Check it out to get to vote on items to try and make their way through it. It's actually a community-interactive event. Looks to be pretty cool, so definitely go check that out on December 5th. And then the expansion on December 7th! All right, go for it. Awesome. Thank you, Laura. Also, cool note. The third issue of Critical Role - Vox Machina Origins comic is available. It's getting more and more intense as each issue goes along. Check it out if you haven't had a chance. It's on Comixology, digital.darkhorse.com, and wherever else you can find digital comics online. It's pretty radical. Me and Liam, who have read the scripts and given notes on the scripts for future issues, this is getting better and better as it goes. Be patient with the rest of them, Taliesin. So you are all here tonight to witness somebody in a very, completely honest way, shout excitedly, "And it's in the Feywild!" And I love that that is a thing that happened. Couple other quick announcements so we can get into the game. I will be at Paradise City Comic Con in Miami, January 12th to 14th. All of you folks out there, east coast Florida. I'm visiting my old stomping grounds where I originally grew up. Check me out there. Also, later in 2018, I'll be at Otafest in Calgary, May 18th to 20th, and A-Kon in Texas, June 7th through the 10th. Early announcement for those dates, but that way if you want to come and say hi, you can mark it in your calendar. No, you're supposed to collaborate, but we'll see how it goes. Did a new episode of Madness go up? I like the idea that the Jenga catchphrase from Critical Role was preparation for you to actually be a Jenga master. It looks about right. Some eldritch horrors are more horrible than others. All right, guys. Happy to be back. We missed you. Sorry for the chaos. Bringing it down, we finished our announcements. That means tonight, we step into the world of Azeroth as we prepare for tonight's episode of Critical Role. [dramatic music] It's okay. The Burning Legion has returned. The world-conquering armies of the corrupt titan, Sargeras, have assaulted Azeroth. The greatest heroes of both the Alliance and the Horde have gathered their resources to combat this apocalyptic scourge. Traveling off to the Broken Isles and to Argus beyond to fight for the salvation of Azeroth, these heroes will be the stuff of legend. While they're away, things are a little slow down here in the Eastern Kingdoms for you guys, as a band of friends seeking to make a name for yourselves. The streets of Ironforge grow dull with fetch quests and baking runs. Gilneas' biggest torment is a terrible flea infestation. After Stormwind holds a pet-racing contest, which you each individually lose, you gather your frustration and head east in search of real adventure, trudging through a mire of uninteresting quests and aid to local farm-hands and wandering merchants. You've all amassed some equipment to aid you for the new challenges ahead. Although the patchwork sources leave your gear somewhat mismatched in color and make. Bundle, you in particular seem to take pride in your lime-green robes that you were assured carried a powerful enchantment. Your troupe has now found your way to the valley of the Red Ridge Mountains seeking solid work, only to find the work boards empty and the wild beasts that roam the surrounding landscape well in the hands of the local guard. You all sit within the Lakeshire Inn, within the village of Lakeshire, two cups into your woes as you lament your life choices and clashing attire. The warm interior is rather vacant outside of your band, the hearth empty with naught but a smoldering log to combat the chill morning air. That's right, you're two cups in for breakfast. The innkeeper, Brianna, yawns and leaves as the bartender, of fiery-orange, shoulder-length hair and mustache, walks over to deliver your next round of breakfast drinks. "Over here, in the fireplace?" "I'll throw one on. Okay." "Let me know if you want another round." "I can go look, but I got to do the log thing first." "All right." He looks a bit scattered but goes off to put the log in the hearth. So, as we go around the table, if you wouldn't mind taking a moment to describe your character as you appear at the table. At this point, the bartender comes by this time with the next round of drinks. The one log he placed in there is starting to catch a little bit, but it's cold enough in the morning where it's taken a little while. The smoke's billowing up, bit of it dribbling past the top of the fireplace and hitting, what you can see, is a casual stain of gray that reaches the roof of the interior of the tavern above it. As he sets it down, he goes, "I'm sorry, I didn't mean to eavesdrop. But based "on your conversation and attire, I can see that you seem to be aspiring problem solvers. Is that "right?" "Wonderful. Well, I'm the bartender here. And my name is Wental. I happen to have a problem "that's in need of saving, friends, and solving. You see this inn, it's been in my family for "generations, left to me by my late father. And while it does keep me busy," and he looks around to a very empty tavern around you, "extremely busy, my passions lie elsewhere. My hobby, my greatest "of loves, is being a smear monger." "A smear monger." "A smear monger, a chandler, crafter of light." "A candlemaker!" TRAVIS, LAURA, "Oh, all kinds of candles scented, colorful, sizes, long wicks, short wicks." "No, but I haven't dabbled, either." "Ah, that'll bring us to the crux of our conversation. There were. I've been hoarding all "of the oils and fats from the kitchen since I was a boy, slowly learning to build a stock and keep "it beneath my bed, and eventually moving it to a shed offsite. Reading what books I can in secret. "If my father knew my interests in candle making... anyway." And you can see his eyes begin to well up a bit and his hands are shaking. "I went to go to my storage shed after buying a small homestead in "Goldshire and hoping to open a shop at some point in the future. It's all gone. All of it! Just "gone! Every. Single. Candle I've made! Gone!" "Well the fat stores are normally stored in there, but they've gone bad since. I asked for it "to be investigated, but the guard laughed at me. They have no appreciation for fine candlework." You notice, across the room, one of the other women who are in there who's the local voyeur chuckles under her breath and she eats her cold toast and stays at the table. Wental shoots her an icy dagger glance and back to you. "I ask, if you would help retrieve my life's work, I would "greatly make it worth your while. I have my savings, which isn't much, about 520 gold pieces. "And I could probably muster some armor that matches." "What do you say?" "That could be arranged." "I'll see what I can do about dye colors. I'll have to send away, possibly to Westfall. They "have some good dyers there. But if you agree to this, then the sooner we can get off the better!" And he twirls his mustache with both of his fingers, a nervous tick or an exclamation of physicality. "Shall we?" "Very well." He awkwardly reaches out and side fistbumps, not sure what to do. "I like her!" "Sure." "Very well. I'll be happy to place it upon your tab that will be wiped clean upon the "retrieval of my candles." "I'll see what I can do. I only have so much I can do in the town, but let me try. Anyway." And he rushes off. He comes back and he brings you two bottles of wine, not the greatest. You don't get a lot of decent import over here on Lakeshore, unfortunately. It's a little out of the way. "If you were to chug it now, most likely!" "All righty. Follow me. I'll take you to the shed. See if you can learn anything." So Wental guides you outside the Lakeshore Inn, around the back and up past some bushes. There's a number of trees that crest right against the base of the Red Ridge Mountains, just above the location of the inn. As he comes around, you can see there's the one stable off to the side. He goes, "I'll talk to them and see what I can do. But to be honest, the stable master and me don't "really get along." "Very well. Should I take you to the shed first, or do you need your steed now?" "I don't mind. All right." And you see he seems to have confidence around the gnome. And then he gets really sheepish in the gaze of the night elf who stares down and probably stands a good six inches taller than him. So he leads you up past this section to the base of the mountains and you can see there's a really nice-looking shed that's settled between the edge of the mountains and a tree over there. It's closed, it's locked up, there's chains. But as you walk up, you can see that the actual lock has been broken and the chains dangle off to the sides of the two doors that open up into it. (squeak) He opens the front doors to the shed and upon looking inside, you can see there are shelves arranged. There are small crates that have been pried open. Across the entirety of the floor you see scraps of wax scattered here and there, large spaces where apparently clusters of it were set and have since been pulled. And it is entirely empty and scraped of any possible remainder of wax. And there's a sudden smell that comes out, too. It could be a combination of either rotting animal bits and/or some element of fecal matter. It's hard to really pick out. But it's not a pleasant interior. "I looked everywhere and saw nothing. I'm also a bartender and that's why I asked you guys. "So if you want to have a look, please!" Oh, okay. So are you getting to the ground? Make an investigation check. You get close to the ground and there's a lot of small bits of wax. And you start pulling them together and piecing them, and you figure if you spend the next couple hours, you can maybe put together a very small candle. You are correct. Make an investigation check. Seven? The lock appears to have been broken through blunt force, but you have no other information you can draw from it. All right, if you want to go ahead and make an investigation check as well. 13? So as you start glancing around, first things first. When you get closer to the ground and elements of the doorway, you can smell in the air, it's almost like a wet fur scent in the air. And as you glance towards the edge of the shed's opening in the mud and dirt that surrounds the exterior, you can see faint foot tracks smattering in different directions. Many of them. There's multiple sets. Soled shoes, or boots of some kind. But it looks almost like there's also a toe or two protruding from the front. Smaller than a man's feet. They lead away from the shed and then further up the mountain range to the westward direction. So, go ahead and roll a d20 and add your intelligence modifier to this one. So, look at your intelligence. Liam, want to help her with the intelligence modifier? That's a saving throw. Ten? Okay. You recall seeing tracks like this before but the name is on the tip of your tongue. You're not entirely certain what it could be. "Well, he doesn't know yet. I was going to open the store first and have him come take a look "at it." "I don't believe so. Not in this town. There isn't a candlemaker, not anymore." "Some of them were." "Yes, they do, by their very nature. But I try best to add lavender to the batch and "occasionally--" "Yes, lavender." Make a survival check. You watch as the armored human paladin gets low. His eyes suddenly spark! As he looks to the left, looks to the right, looks down to the ground, and, almost like a hound dog, begins trailing this track curving around the shed into the west as you guys slowly follow suit. As you guys follow, Wental stays a few steps behind. He seems excited, but also not sure what you guys are going to discover and you can see the tension rising in him. His shoulders are slowly creeping up across the sides of his head. "I completely agree. I hope." At this point you catch up to your human paladin friend over there and you find the tracks lead up to a large cluster of bushes that are embedded right in the base of the mountain range. They're thorny. They're dry. It's a small bramble cluster. It's about five or so feet up. It's a wide chunk and you can see bits and pieces of it scattered across the edge of the mountain range here. As you get closer you can see some of the jagged edges of the boosh have a faint-- A boosh. The boosh. You find the boosh rather amusing. On the jagged edges of the bush you see faint elements of a waxy residue that have been scraped onto some of the thorns of the brambles. Just beyond you can barely see a dark recess, about four feet tall and about four feet wide, behind the bush, that presses into the mountain range. Four foot wide and four foot tall. The brush is actually not attached to the ground. It comes and pulls out of the way really easily. He almost does. He teeters on one foot as his sheer show of strength to tear them out overcompensates and his armored self, being top heavy as he is, he stands there and awkwardly wobbles in place. And for a moment you see as the bartender, Wental, swallows deeply out of the choice of companions that he's hired for this. "Oh goodness no!" "I have a job. It's busy. Lot of people in there. I need to make drinks and breakfast. I "hired you to do this for me. Please do this for me." "Wonderful, thank you." "Yes ma'am." You can't tell if he's crushing or legitimately super frightened but, "Good "luck!" So pulling the brush out of the way, you can see this has been a deliberately-dug cavern that recedes into the mountain and into darkness. (imitates echo) It does echo a bit. Well, you choose an object to then light up like it was a torch. Four foot wide? At your size? Barely. It scrapes the edges as you push inward, digging two small grooves along the cavern. All right, so Greldamine, as you light up the rock in your hand and it's giving off this bright torch light, you hold it in front of you and you walk right into it. As soon as you begin to step into the chamber you can already feel there's a faint cold breeze blowing from the open world behind you into the chamber. You're drawn deeper and deeper into the darkness within as it begins to faintly grade into a descent. What's the order in which you guys are traveling behind her? As you continue delving deeper down this cavern, the smell of damp earth seems to be ever present as a recent rainfall has left a lot of this path, the early portion of it, rather muddy. Your feet slip and slick against the soft floor as you occasionally have to right yourself against the walls of the cavern, being careful as you push deeper into this. Now after some time the path comes to an abrupt halt where the floor seems to drop down about five feet into a tunnel that opens larger and wider, 15 feet below you, deeper still into the mountain. Make a perception check. What little bit of wind is passing through down into the cavern, you can hear what sounds like a faint rock falling. Some scraping sounds and a door slam, distant, below you, and distant. It's up to you. You can only use it once per short rest so keep that in mind. If there's nothing currently around you can still stealth whenever you want to. Okay, so yeah, go ahead and roll a stealth check. Your darker night elf complexion vanishes into the shadows-- there you go. I love it. That makes a difference. All right so, as you guys all quietly look down into this small cavern it drops down, you're looking over the edge-- Like five, six feet down below you jump down if you want to. As you guys all leap down into the tunnel below you-- Okay. Said that, you all leap in afterward. You go ahead and begin to sneak ahead a bit and it switches back a bit and goes into a much more steady decline in the direction of where you came from below. It's actually much drier now. You're further away from the cavern entrance, it looks like the water-- You don't smell lavender as well-- But you-- You do begin to hear as you begin your approach what sounds like faint rushing water. And you see ahead as you're pushing forward-- are you guys following behind her? So like, hanging about 20 feet or so back? Eventually the path begins to curve to the left and you can see a faint source of light that begins to emerge around the corner as you begin to curve around. So as you coast around the corner go ahead and make a perception check. All right, so as you coast around the corner, placing your hand along the edge of the cavern you glance over and you can see the hallway opens up into a much larger chamber of natural stone formations and stalactites litter the roof above you, the cavern top. There's about 20 feet beyond this entrance, an underground river that is stretching across from one side to the other before diving in and vanishing beneath the rock wall on the far right side. Crossing this small recess where the water seems to be rushing, you can see the occasional mist and spray from wayward rocks that are breaking up the flow of the river. Two rickety wood plank bridges that cross past it are attached and nailed into portions of the rock, and then right across, you can see the source of light. There's a number of sources of light that are slightly shifting on the opposite end of the chamber. There's another platform on the other end of the river where you can see roughly nine nasty looking humanoid creatures that are clustered with patches of fur on portions of their body. They carry satchels and packs. A single, melting lit candle rests atop each of their heads as their light source in these dark tunnels. You now recognize what was on the tip of your tongue. These are definitely kobolds and they appear to have been coming through a door that is now closed and being locked on the opposite side by one of them that is larger. They're carrying these large sacks and they're all talking amongst each other. You can see their features are somewhat rat-like and their protruded snouts, whiskers that shoot off to each side. They haven't noticed your presence yet. About three and a half, four feet? Mm-hmm. Okay, so your light source vanishes. Okay. You watch as the outside of your gnomish companion shimmers and then vanishes. You find yourself invisible and you step carefully. Okay. Go ahead and make a stealth check with advantage because you're invisible. Okay. As you carefully make your way over towards the edge of the bridge you can see the water is about a foot and a half, two feet below where the bridge is and it's not rushing super fast but enough where it's breaking the water a bit, you're seeing a bit of spray and mist and you see these nine kobold creatures across the way. It looks like the one that was locking the door is currently talking and giving instructions to the others as you see the larger one is standing there with this massive pack on his back that's filled to the brim. All of them are carrying pickaxes to the side, but he has the wicked, more strongly built one. As he's pointing to them he's talking. Make a perception check. Nice. So you can hear faintly what he's instructing is, "Stop complaining. We've gots to "get these tunnels boom-booming before more cursed people come. Now you, place there, you place "there, me, I place everywhere else." And they all begin to scatter a bit and make their way towards the two bridges to begin to cross over in the direction of you. While you're having this conversation two of them have just now finished traversing the bridge. LAURA and If you'd like to. All right, so as they're having this conversation you pull around the corner with your hand crossbow and make a shot at the closest one to you. You see one of the kobolds lumbering up, he's reaching into his satchel and he's pulling out a small rod of some kind. Go ahead and roll an attack. Exactly. Oh that most definitely hits. That most definitely hits. So go ahead and roll damage on that with sneak attack damage. It's 4d6. It's under the attack. Level seven. 22 points of damage. So, as that one crosses the way it pulls out its rod and (grunting) (arrow whooshing) (cry of pain) and goes straight down, limp, drunk ET style, on the ground, slams face first and is done. At this point, the one that just finished crossing the bridge on the other side goes "Cera! "Get up!" Walks over and kicks him. Then looks over and sees you holding the hand crossbow and goes (screaming). I need you all to roll initiative. (groaning) 23? All right so we have 23, we have-- how do you spell your character's name again? Aerwin? Okay cool. There you go. Perfect. So it's 20 to 15? Anybody? 20 to 15. All righty. And spell your name for me real fast. 15 to ten. All righty and then--? All right, cool. So top of the round as all the kobolds now notice you guys clustered right there at the entrance of the cavern, start rushing over the bridge, their pickaxes out and the larger one on the opposite side, seeing this, seems to be preparing for something. What are you doing? Okay, so you pull out another bolt, load it up and staying there, and you're going to fire at which one? There's the one that just kicked the guy you killed and there's two sets that are running across the bridges currently over the water. Okay cool, so you might have to get a little closer, you're about 40 feet away from him or you can fire from now but you'll have disadvantage on the attack. But up to you. Okay. You can do that, yeah. So you go ahead and move forward your 30 feet, that'll get you into a 30 foot range. You'll be almost in melee range with one of the kobolds. Go ahead and take a shot at the leader. 16 just hits. So you roll damage, it's not sneak attack because you're not hidden. There we go, seven points of damage, (grunting). They seem angry as it begins to reach and fiddle with the back of his pack on his back. You can use your bonus action to dash backward if you'd like to back into the cavern entrance. Okay so, after firing the kobolds are rushing in and you back up, getting behind your allies to protect you. All right, that brings it to Lohkor. Go for it. This is the one who kicked his friend trying to wake him up. 18 hits. Go ahead and roll damage. 13 points of bludgeoning damage. All right. You do. 15 hits. All right. As you rush forward the first hit hits him upside the chin. You see a spatter of blood across the rock behind you. He gets back and pulls out his pickaxe, his angry whiskered face, you see fury in his eyes and you sink the hammer into his face. He's like (cry of pain) (gurgle) and he falls to the ground, dead. All right, great. As that's happening, you running, the larger leader in the back who finishes fiddling with his pack pulls a small rod, holds it up to the top of the candle on his head and you watch it spark, and lobs it in an arc over to where you are. The kobolds stop running and watch it going as it arcs over, except for two of them that weren't paying attention and are charging towards you as it (thudding) between your legs, rolls a little behind you, and there's that brief moment where everything slows down for but an instance before it explodes in a cacophonous explosion of flame and force. I need all of you to make a dexterity saving throw. All right so, what did you get? Okay, that succeeds. Nope. Succeeds. Just barely succeeds. Right. That's a failure. All right so, Bundle and Quazirat, you guys both suffer 18 points of fire damage. The rest of you suffer nine points of fire damage. And the two nearest kobolds who are rushing in to go after Lohkor also explode into pieces and are thrown behind you. You see them running like (screaming) (explosion) and are destroyed by their own dynamite. And you hear this laughter at the back of the cavern. "Firework!" He seems to be rather excited and given this bit of fury inspirational boost from the carnage he's caused. All right, that's going to end his turn. He's going to stay right there at the edge. Bundle, your turn. Okay, so go ahead and roll that. That's a d4 plus your-- All right, so everyone heals six hit points. Okay. What kind of weapon is it taking the form of? All right, so as it begins to apparate in the sky, Lohkor, you look across and you can see the hammer, slightly larger than your hammer, apparate. It does take a swing at the leader, so go for it. I believe when you summon, it gets to take one hit. Double-check. Spiritual Weapon. Yep! 15 unfortunately misses. It swings, and you can see the kobold look up as it sees your eyes trace up and he goes, (growl). Sees it, (growl). Leaps backward as it slams into the ground, cracking the stone beneath and he dodges out of the way. (laughs) All right, cool. Ending Bundle's turn, that'll bring us to Grendlemine. Greldamine, sorry! Reading my own handwriting's a problem. On the bridge there's three on each bridge that are in a line. Actually, no, at this point, there's two, because two of them got blown away. There's two on each bridge right now. No, he's in between the two. She is currently. The bridges are about 20 feet across, 15 to 20. They're not super long bridges; it's not a huge chamber. Okay! So you rush forward as two of the surviving kobolds-- on the right or the left bridge? Okay, so you run over to the left bridge and, as the kobolds are rushing across with their pickaxes out (heavy breathing), you-- You watch as her invisible form suddenly appears, apparating as the illusion that has been hiding her vanishes. As a flamethrower gout of fire burns out from in front, engulfing both of the kobolds. What's the saving throw on that? What's your DC? Your spell DC? 16! No! Yes! One of them succeeds, one of them fails. So, what's the damage on that? So go ahead and roll 3d6. Yes. The bridge is definitely on fire. All right, nine damage. Then one of them takes four damage. Okay, so they're like, "Ugh!" They pull back a bit, and you can see the edge of their whiskers are curling in and burned. The fur's seared at the edges. Some of them actually have caught fire and a little bit of smoke is pouring off. But the edge of the bridge that they're standing on, that you're right in front of, has definitely caught fire. And you can see the two kobolds are now trying to figure out what to do as they're stuck in the middle right now. You used your movement to approach the bridge to cast Burning Hands. I'll give you five feet. (small steps). Their eyes are trained on you. All right, that ends your turn. That brings it to their turn. So, as far as kobolds go, the two that are on the bridge start rushing towards you. I'm going to go ahead and see if the bridge maintains its coherence for both of them. For the first one it's fine. The second one it is not. So the first kobold runs forward and it's going to swing at you with its pickaxe. Because you were damaged by another kobold, it gets a bonus to damage. From the explosion earlier. So, that is going to be a 20 to hit? I believe that hits, right? LAURA and All right, and you suffer ten points of piercing damage as the pickaxe hacks into your shoulder as it rushes past. The other one, as it's running towards you, you see it pulling back its pickaxe to follow through and try and attack with its friend as the final ropes release. And you watch him go (yells) and vanish into the water below. You hear him (gurgles) as he gets carried by the water current further down the river and he's trying to swim upstream. He's currently stuck in the middle of trying to figure out what to do there. The other two rush across the other side of the chamber, finish traversing that bridge, and go straight towards you, Lohkor, because you're the closest to them at this point. That's going to be a 17 to hit. You reach out and you parry off to the side. The other one's going to go ahead and instead he's going to-- That's a 22 to hit. So you go ahead and suffer six points of piercing damage. The first one you deflect, the second one hits you, jamming into one of the plates, bending the armor, and hitting you in the side. You feel your body tense from the severe pain. But it's nothing, you've had worse. Quazirat, you're up. Well, one bridge is currently collapsed. The one on the right you could run through, but you would probably be getting attacked from both the kobolds that ran across and are blocking the path. You'd have to take an attack of opportunity from both of them. I'd say it's about 15 feet from you now. Okay, so you run to the edge. You go past the two kobolds. Are you just running past them? All right, they both get attacks of opportunity on you. The first one is-- Wow, the golden snitch is working for me now. That is 21 to hit. That is seven points of piercing damage as the pickaxe swings and snags you in the back of the shoulder blade. The other one is a 17 to hit. That one scrapes across the back of your armor and makes no effective impact. You continue rushing across the bridge-- Okay. You cannot jump further than your movement speed, technically. So you run, you jump, and you're getting right towards the edge there. I would like you to go ahead and make an acrobatics check. This would be an acrobatics check. 14. You were prepared. You make your way through the air, barely catch the edge of where the other platform begins, and you roll over the shoulder into it. And as you come to stand, you're right there before the leader kobold who's there with his giant pack there ready as he has another one of these sticks that he's currently trying to pull up to the candle on his head. What are you going to do? You're right up against him. As you confidently grin, your massive draenei body looking down upon this kobold, who looks like he got caught with his hand in the cookie jar, you swing wide with-- What weapon are you using? This giant two-handed cleaver that swings, and the kobold goes (hums). Okay, make two more attacks. He dodges both of your swings. It's now laughing. 15 just misses. 17 does hit. He dodges the third one and goes, "You have problem? Can't hit?" Ten slashing damage. You take a chunk out of his shoulder. "This favorite shoulder!" Perfect. Ending your turn. To the top. It is your turn, Aerwin. So there are now currently four living kobolds. Well, one of them has fallen into the river, who is currently beneath the water, struggling against the current. There is one that is partially damaged that is currently up against and fighting him. Actually, no, two of them that are up against fighting you and one that's up against you. Yes, there's the main leader across the way that he's currently up against. All right, so you're taking another shot with your crossbow? All right, so you load up another bolt. And then aiming across the way. Making your way up close to where the bridge is, you'll end up being in the melee range of the one that's fighting her, but you can still make the strike. Go ahead and roll your attack. 19 hits, go ahead and roll damage plus sneak attack damage. As the kobold's still laughing after the blows of your warrior friend swinging wide, It's like, "It's fun, I take you with me! It's--" You watch as a crossbow bolt slinks right into where the top of the clavicle in the kobold's neck is. It's reaching up to try and pull it out. Its fingers look like it's going numb and it looks hurt. It's holding on but it's hurt. That's a nice, slick shot. So, you've made your movement. You have a bonus action if you wanted to do anything. She's right next to one that's been fighting her. So with the five feet of your movement left, you go ahead and step away, using your bonus action to disengage, carefully stepping from the kobold as it's going feral right now, feeling surrounded. That ends your turn. You're up, Lohkor. 22 will definitely hit. 12 points of bludgeoning damage. As it comes down, the hammer slams into the chest area of one of the kobolds that's harassing you. It hits him and you hear this little squeak sound as the chest cavity takes a very heavy blow. Still standing, but it's hurt. That definitely hits. Go ahead and roll damage. And with that you use the momentum of pulling away to swing upward and from the underhand to hit. It snaps against the bottom of the kobold's jaw and you hear its neck (cracks) from the impact and it falls onto its back as its legs curl back into its torso. And it's done. You swear you see a slight tinkle dribble down its leg. All right, that ends your turn. At this point, the leader over there who's glaring at you goes, "No, Ham has to finish his work!" And he's going to go ahead and grab one of the-- Yeah, it regenerates. Rolled a five. He pulls another what you recognize now to be sticks of dynamite. And looking at his pack you can see his pack is filled. It wasn't candles in that pack. It is jam-filled with explosives. And he goes rushing past you. You get an attack of opportunity on him. That hits. Go ahead and roll damage. Ten points of damage. (yells) Takes a heavy hit but continues rushing past the bridge area. Then, as he's rushing, he lights it from the top of his head and chucks it in your guys' direction. As it lands, it detonates, taking out-- let's see here. Damage-wise, everybody but you needs to go ahead and roll a dexterity saving throw please. 21 points of fire damage. 15 just barely succeeds, so you take 12 points of fire damage. I said 21, right? Sorry, so it's ten points of fire damage. 21 points of fire damage. Ten points of fire damage. You do, so you take nothing. So you, seeing this coming, you jump backwards, grab the kobold that's in front, and use him to shield you from the blast. And he goes (screams) and scatters into ash as it manages to detonate and explode the remaining kobolds in the area. So all the kobolds that were with him have all fallen to the ground now, turned to ash, or detonated in some way. And you can see as the leader of them is catching his breath across the bridge, he goes, "Oh no." And he glances past with his long gaze, and you can look over at the other kobolds that had their own small caches of dynamite sticks, some of which have been lit by the recent explosion, that are rolling towards the rock wall where you guys entered. So you guys all start rushing towards where? Off the bridge? All right. So, I need all of you guys to-- Let's have everyone roll an initiative check right now since technically the combat here is finished. We're going to do this as to see who can manage to make it across before the explosion. Just roll initiative. Okay. You were pretty much mostly fine across the bridge. All of you go rushing past as you see Lohkor going (huffing and explosion). You see the whole room behind him light up. You can see a silhouette. It's full-on movie style explosion as you see it burn past him. You only catch the edge of it, which is good, because you then only suffer eight points of fire damage. But you watch as the entrance you guys came through falls and collapses, a series of boulders and rocks, the opposite end of the chamber falling in on itself. Part of the river, you can see the kobold that's barely clawing its way out of the water, (panting) "Huh?" (thud). A rock hits and smashes him across the bank. Part of the river fills in and you can see now the bank splashing over and starting to try to make its way back. But you guys are now on the opposite side of the chamber. It's quiet. You all take a minute to breathe, look at your wounds. You're a bit singed around the way-- They would've, yes. Keep that in mind. Next time. We'll say for now, you guys all would've healed an additional five points of damage because he is really good at healing as a priest. Is it the ten minute one? You have to sit still for ten minutes to do it. So roll 2d8 plus your wisdom modifier. Double ones? Still good. All of you guys heal nine points. That's not bad. Nine on top of that. As Bundle finishes the Prayer of Healing and you all feel your wounds begin to close and stitch themselves together, you see a little bit of movement at the edge of the banks. Between the rock that had plummeted into it, you watch as a tiny hand-- Climbing out of the water you see a very bloodied, smashed, one eye swollen kobold. (squeals) As he's scrambling right now, looking up at the candle which is currently out because of the waterlogged, it's like (whimpers). "Okay. Just, you friend, right? I work, help!" "Reeksus." "Reeksus." "We sent by great King Togwaggle. Togwaggle send us to make bigger booms! Make better tunnels "to people town!" "King Togwaggle greatest, best of all kobolds!" "We made and make more, by the glory of Rakanishu and King Togwaggle." He looks back towards the closed door. "Lots of candles." "People? No people." "King is not very kind either, but is good king!" "There is a few." "Depends on the time of day." "I don't know, we've been away for a while." "When there is food." "Do you have food to eat?" (messy chewing) "There are, but scattered. Dangerous tunnels, find dangerous things. Wander. Avoid "them! We do." (squeals) And you catch him as he throws him. (yelps) Make an intimidation check. With advantage for breaking his hands. (screams and sobs) "No, I only have two hands!" "Boom booms. Okay, I show you. I show you! Don't break! No more arms left to break." "Okay. Put me down?" In the rush of combat, you didn't realize that you were clutching him the whole time. "We need to go through door." "Okay." No, easy enough. He waits for you-- You have rope on you? Okay, so you go ahead and you bind him up and you have a little leash that you're holding him by. And he's like, "Okay. To the door." "Oh. Pet?" Greldamine. You're having a kobold's leash handed to you. Broken, jagged teeth, spittle drooling down. "Could you light the candle?" (whines) "Reeksus." "Open door!" The door is closed. "I'm bound! You made me put rope on it!" There is a handle latch and it looks like there is a lock mechanism to it. Make an investigation check if you want to check for traps. Very nice. It's a lock mechanism. A relatively simple lock. It is not trapped. So, you could easily undo this with your thieves' tools. Yep, so you roll another d20, and then add your proficiency modifier and your dexterity modifier. Easy enough. The door unlocks, opens a bit, and beyond that is a tunnel of darkness. An interesting smell hits you as you open it though. Whereas inside here you have that damp, hard-water, Pirates of the Caribbean ride smell that's in the water chamber, beyond that as the door opens this musty, almost mildewed smell hits you. It's earthy, it's fresh, it's natural, but it's definitely an underground, familiar smell. It lights up the chamber as it goes, and you continue to walk and kick it as you push forward. The walls begin to slowly glow the further in you go. You begin to notice that, aside from a few small crystalline areas, there are heavy bits of fungus that are beginning to appear along these chambers. Glowing green, orange, blue mushrooms and clusters of fungal matter that are beginning to give this faint luminescence to the interior of the chamber. And you now very much understand where the smell was coming from. As you begin to curve around the right side of it, the tunnel widens a little broader to about 15 feet wide. The mushrooms begin to get larger and larger, some of them four feet tall or bigger. You can see large pillar stalactites and stalagmites are meeting in the center where they give their own little offshoots of fungus. But some of these are getting very big and the pathways are getting a little narrow to move past until, as you turn around one of the right bends, the fungus is pushed around to the point where it's a very narrow passage to push through these fungal forests. "Yeah?" "Okay." And he carefully turns to his side and thins up and slowly-- with disadvantage because he's bound-- still effectively manages to squiggle his way between the small path. And you can see he knows it pretty well, through the small cluster of dense tall fungus safely to the other side. "I would not recommend it." Yeah, it's 30 feet of slack rope. It's on the ground over there. Okay. Go ahead and make a straight dexterity check, please. Following suit, you deftly follow the same pattern and come out the other side, not even touching any of the fungus with either side of your armored shoulder pauldrons. Your mantle, I guess it would be. Is this Burning Hands? Oh, Fire Bolt? Oh, it's a pretty decent range. Just a single hit, yeah. Cantrips you can do as many times as you want. Yeah, they're real tough on that in Dalaran. They wouldn't tell you but Madame had a potty mouth. Yes, even with a singular bolt, the mushroom's pretty big and it's not moving. It's pretty easy to hit. You hit the first one a while away and as it impacts you watch as the flames burn up. Immediately the strange, subtle squeaking sound releases as it shakes and shimmies. And you watch as spores filter out and then ignite from the nearby flames that immediately destroy the cloud before it can emerge. And the fungus slowly withers and crumples over. Okay. One by one you create this pathway, destroying the fungus on the opposite side. Are you still holding the rope? Okay. As the flames begin-- Right. So as you're destroying these the rope pulls a little taut to your side as you begin clearing the path. And you look over and you can see your friend is peeking around a rock. You can see this glow on the other side of a boulder around the bend where he's looking over and looks back at you and is like-- (mutters) "Okay." The rest of you guys, there is a path wide enough to follow through. As you guys approach you can see the small flickering of light shift suddenly and a dark shape of a figure whips around from behind the rock. You see a flash of cloth that floats open and then drifts down to the side as an arm uncurls. You can see immediately wide-shouldered, a broad long trench coat that swings open to one side, a clawed, familiar, slightly furred hand holding it open as a brownish hat, wide-brimmed, appears with its candle placed on top of the brim. You see another kobold standing there looking at your tied-up friend and the rest of you. And he goes, "Hey! Hey! Want to buy a fungus?" As you look on the inside of the cloak you can see these little patchwork pouches of different gathered mushrooms, orange, green and blue. "I sell, good "price. Come. Buy." "Taste good! Ugh. Bad. Good bad. Fun!" "I need to make money." "Orange fungus. Slight citrus-y taste. Weird fuzzy sensation. 40 gold." "Blue fungus. 30 gold. Make for good digestion tract." You now have a helping of blue fungus. "Green fungus! 25 gold. More of the onion of fungus family." "Yeah!" "He is strange one. Don't like him. I don't-- kobolds stay away." (whispering) "I don't know." (cry of pain) All righty. Make a medicine check. 16, okay. Okay. So eating this fungus has a chance of poisoning you, but also has the opportunity to heighten your senses and perceptive capabilities for a short time. So that's the orange one, you got the-- You've got the orange. He got the blue, sorry, yeah. So the blue one has a faint possibility of poisoning you. Sorry, you're the blue. The orange one is the one you got. So you get the heightened senses, yours has a chance of poisoning you as well and or has the possibility of healing some hit points. All right, both of you make constitution saving throws. Yeah, it would. Okay, so you're poisoned for the next hour. The poisoned status means all of your attacks are at disadvantage and your ability checks are at disadvantage as well. So you have advantage on all perception and investigation checks for the next hour. Yeah, your eyes dilate suddenly and I know kung-fu. Bundle, you heal six hit points. Okay. So the poison vanishes from your system at which point the kobold, "Mushhuckster "Max thanks you. Now off to find new ventures!" Pulls the cloak in front of his head and darts away on little ninja feet. Back through the mushrooms and vanishes into darkness. At this point you hear a strange guttural growl from the path that you were traveling near a pillar of stone encased in mushrooms as from around one back of it you see a shape of a large, hunched, bestial dwarf ape-like creature standing at about six and a half feet tall as its long arms drag on the ground. It's drooling down its own chest. You've experienced, most of you in particular, this is a trogg, a large subterranean creature, but this trogg is acting strange. It's giggling to itself. (deep laughter) Holds the pillar and grabs some mushroom and scarfs it. (grunts) And he starts walking around the edge, looks around the edge right to you, "It's "real?" TALIESIN, JENNIFER, and Make a persuasion check. "Too weird! I see things!" You see two other large troggs come from behind going. They're tripping balls. One of them is currently clutching a long staff of purple and gold inlay and is gnawing on it like a large lollipop. You can't see the top because it's jammed in his mouth. They're all looking at you going (laughing). You may. No. Okay! They all stand there and watch. (groaning) One of them picks his nose slowly. One elbows one in the chin, the guy who was holding the staff, he elbows him the chest. (gagging) Pulls it out. You can see on the top of the staff, it has these awesome, pointed purple stones, three of them in a triangular pattern that float, locked into place. (licking) Jams it back in his mouth and begins chewing on it again. Unfortunately, that's an illusion spell. Thaumaturgy is very simple. It's a very faint effect that wouldn't have an effect if they weren't already tripping balls. Make a persuasion check! 11. He goes (gags). Pulls it out, looks at it, "Hey, a snake!" and begins trying to bite through. You watch as his teeth are breaking on the metal. Okay! What's your spell DC? He rolled a 13 minus one. This trogg is not very wise. Drops it. You see he's putting his tongue through his mouth and bits of teeth are falling out of his lips and bouncing off of his belly. (grunts) They're all currently entranced by the movement and the lights that you've created. Make a stealth check to see if you can not gather their gaze as they're currently entranced by this. 21. You slowly, subtly go beneath their eyeline, slip out, and pull the staff away as they're all still (gasping). One of them begins picking his ear, pulls something out, and eats it. (groaning) (farts) "Behind them? The way is where they came from." All three of them (grunt). The two on the sides look in to the one in the center who goes, "You know father?" Make a persuasion check. 18? His giant, meaty, fur-covered hands clap onto your shoulders of your armor and pulls you in close. You can smell the horrible trogg breath billow out across your face. Almost thickens the air around you. It smells of rotting meat and a multitude of terrible memories. He releases you and takes a step back and goes. (sobbing) And starts sobbing openly. The two other troggs clap the side of his shoulders and start sobbing, too. The three of them sit in place and start having the most basic of existential crises you could watch. The rest of you make a stealth check. You already made one. The rest of you make a stealth check. You get the sense they're picking up every third word due to the limits of their language comprehension. They're like, (grunting) "Love! (grunting) Ove! (sobbing) Guh!" They're just making guttural noises at this point. Make a stealth check, please. As you guys slowly curve around the three sobbing troggs, staff in hand, you exit through the tunnel they had passed through. The fungus begins to give way as the heat begins to rise steadily once you traverse further into this tunnel. You're holding the staff. As you're walking, looking over it, a slow voice beings to peek in seemingly from nowhere. It says, "Oh, "wondrous. Another unworthy soul. I command you to throw me into a river and be done with it." "I require a wielder who walks the path of power, fool." As you take the staff, it warms to your touch. For a moment, there's an awkward silence of did she actually hear anything, or has your friend been crazy the whole time you've been traveling? A voice slowly echoes in, "Ah, you! You have potential. A withered seed that could blossom into "a tyrant of the arcane." "Yes. You will do. I am Aluneth and together, we will do great things." And that's where we're going to take a break. They're held aloft by some mystical power. I'll show you pictures of it. No, it's all good! First time in, you just figure it out. You're doing great. Thank you guys so much. We're going to to go break. We'll be back in a few minutes. Rest, get drinks. We have some fun stuff at the break for you to watch. You get to check out, if you haven't seen it, the song I sing for this expansion. Pretty sure it's coming up. Yep! We'll be back here in a few minutes. We'll see you then. [break] Yeah, so that's kind of cool. So hi, everybody on Silverhand and those guilds and beyond. TALIESIN and You aspire what? All right. So as we come back in, you have acquired-- If you'd like to. Sure. As you're clutching the staff, as it speaks to you in your mind "Together, we will do great "things. But you must survive. So be smart. Stay alive. And perhaps ditch these unnecessary "dregs." Your perceptive Night Elf sense picks out the air becoming more sulfurous as you progress. You all begin to feel a bit uncomfortable in your armor as the temperature gets warmer and warmer. As this tunnel descends slightly and then comes to an abrupt leveling point, you can see a faint orange glow begin to fill the chamber before you as the pathway opens up to a large, cavernous dome. The floor of this new chamber is cracked, with dark soot, and brittle, black rock. The room seems to maintain its own atmospheric, reddish-orange glow across the entirety of the roof. Roughly 30 feet into this chamber, you get a glance at the source of light as the rocky floor suddenly drops off into a river of roiling, molten magma. The heat at this point is extremely intense, causing you to squint as you back away from the edge. There's a series of pillars that rise from the lava into platforms. In fact, it looks like at one point, two wide stone bridges that were perpendicular, meeting in the center, once reached across this lava field, both from where you stand and then one on two opposite ends of this cavern, where you can see openings on the opposite end to the right of where you are, and then to the left, it appears a portion of it has collapsed and closed it off. These bridges, however, through time and erosion, have fallen in parts. And to give you a visual perspective of what you're glancing at, you entered from this chamber. These are the existing platforms still. The shaded elements represent ones that are down in the lava, and resting there. There's a slight alcove over here, there's a number of dotted bits here and here, this appears to have collapsed, and there's an opening here and an opening here. You're currently on this platform. "What?" "Uh--" And he bends forward and tries to get one hand up, and the finger goes like-- "Ow!" (laughter) "They mostly just let me through." "Togwaggle!" "Wait. Across." And the finger, the broken hand, tries to lift up. "Across. I remember! That "way. That way to Togwaggle." "Yes." 16? Kind of hard to read. You get the sense that something doesn't sit right with the way he's saying it. You can make a perception check if you like. You may. With advantage. All right. So as you both glance over, you notice the part that's collapsed and taken down that portion of the bridge, there is no way through. It is completely sealed off. You both notice simultaneously, on the central cross platform in the center of the chamber, where you see across the broken center there's a bunch of scraps of metal. Empty shells of armor plates that have been left there and have long been covered in dust and soot. You notice with your fair vision that the small alcove on the far end of the upper corner that's down near the surface of the lava, it appears to be two figures lying down in the shadows there. You can't make out much more detail than that, but there appears to be two humanoid entities that are currently resting on that platform. At this distance, no. You'll probably have to get closer to the central platform to get a better view. You could throw them out in front of you to try and see if it hits them. Okay. So you pull out your small pouch of ball bearings, hold them in your hand. Go and make a stealth check. That's not bad. You have to leap across to get to the smaller platform that's going up, because there are the breaks in it. What's your strength? Ten? Right, so maximum ten. So you get about a 10-foot jump across that way. It's about a 10-foot jump to get to that smaller platform. You, keeping low, using the balls of your feet, make a leap for it, just catching the edge ever so carefully. If you can make an acrobatics check to use your momentum to tumble onto it. 12! Okay. You barely use your momentum to not tumble backward towards the molten rock below. Using your shoulder, you roll, and using your momentum you come to the other side of that and leap a second time towards that other side of that platform. I need you to make one more check for me. 13. All right. So you leap, tumble, and you make your way across the platform. As you stand there, looking around, you get a quick glance down into that little alcove below as you take in the circumstance. You see there, there are two figures. They are armored, they are lying down, and they are skeletal. They are long burned away. The flesh is gone. They long died there. Either they were trapped and couldn't find a way out and slowly starved or dehydrated, but there's nothing but a pile of their equipment, their weapons, their armor, and bone. At this point, the floor below you gently rumbles a bit, and you watch as some of the metal scraps scrape across the ground on their own. They leap up into the air and form bracers, some sort of large, thick pieces of armor, separate, as molten rock shoots up and flame ignites, filling the center of the empty armor into a large, elemental-like enemy made of fire and magma within the armor. You watch as this magma rager, appearing, giving this flexing roar, goes charging towards you. What are you doing? Well, you're definitely not hidden from it yet. You have to hide first. Okay. So you run back the opposite direction, leap, head across the way. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. Fine. You spin, roll off your shoulder, leap, a second time on the other side, and make one more acrobatics check. Not a problem. You make it across to the other side and you watch as this large, raging elemental stops at the edge, scoots back, and stands there, waiting, on the center platform. "Yes?" "Sorry, I forgot." "Yes." "What?" Just staring at you, yeah. "Be careful. It's dangerous. Big fire thing." "Big fire thing." "Don't let him know you came." You cast it on yourself. It's a concentration for I believe up to an hour? Ten minutes. Even better. All right. So you watch as the tiny gnome suddenly takes off and begins gliding across the roof of this magma area. As you're doing it, you watch as the magma rager stares and tracks her as she goes. And as you head across the way, it shifts to the very edge of the platform, almost tensing at the border and watches as you slowly descend towards this platform. As you come down, make a perception check. Glancing, you look down. Yeah, they are charred and long dead. The armor appears to be burned away. There are a few pieces of equipment that have lasted okay, although covered in black soot. There's a couple of small satchels that are left there and looks like they were back to back. Just hoping for help or trying to find a way off, and eventually, they expired. Make an investigation check. Okay. Glancing through, most of it falls apart as you grasp it. The armor crumples and falls apart as you touch the armor. The only thing that catches your attention because it is the one piece of equipment that is shining amongst the rest, is in one of the sheaths. There is a blade, that as you pull it out, it's got this beautifully wicked metal that curves into a point at the end, like a forked point. It's got a bit of an energy pulse gem in the center of where the hilt is. And as you reach over to look at it, it looks pristine untouched by time. (burps) Pardon me! A little effervescent tonight, apparently! The soot wipes off of it cleanly. At this point, Aluneth does whisper and say "You've already found a weapon. This is of no use "to you." "Good. The sooner, the better." Goes silent. You watch as, coasting over, blade forth, the magma rager still tensing against the edge as she flies overhead. Greldamine finally lands on the ground, presenting the blade. It's a longsword. It's big for a longsword, but it does technically act as a longsword. It's a very fine blade. Aluneth. The voice comes back in from the aether. "I do despise these subterranean regions. I don't "recognize where we are. This world has changed quite a bit since I last walked its surface." "Of course you have. I don't know, generations." Do you wish to attune to the weapon? Okay, so you coast over to the collapsed area. Make an intelligence check. Yeah, so the creature heads over and it's focused on you. What'd you get? 20. You get the sense that Hold Person mainly affects small humanoid creatures. A large elemental like this would not be held by a spell. It's considered a monster. So you discovered your weapon. It's Adventurefury, Blessed Blade of the Thrillseeker. (chuckling) No. It's an inside joke. Okay. What's your spell DC? Oh, 13, right? Nope. "Reeksus." "I do, yes!" "That would be (straining) right!" "I'm bad with directions!" "I endure you!" I endure you. (panicked wimper) You're getting down to the last couple of minutes. Okay, so you coast around to this platform over here and land on the opposite side of the bridge. The magma rager spins and is flexing in the direction of where you are. Make a wisdom saving throw. Answer as you feel. "Yes!" What's your strength? 16? That's easy enough for you. You run and leap, big dwarven strong legs. You leap across. You land on the center platform, at which point the magma rager turns to face you. What are you doing? Okay, Sacred Flame. So he makes a dexterity saving throw. No, it's an action to do that. To dash? You can, if you want to. Okay, you go running as it goes charging toward you. It's going to go ahead and attempt to make a charge-slam attack. That is going to be a 23 to hit. Double ones on the attack, so only six points of bludgeoning damage. Six points of fire damage. As it slams into you, you immediately get pushed 15 feet back into the air. You arc backwards. As you're falling back, you can look, you're edging toward where the central platform where you were before you go to the middle one, and off to the side where the lava is. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check. 20? You barely manage to catch yourself on the edge and roll back up (straining) onto the platform. The magma rager is right there staring at you, its burning coal magma eyes angrily staring at your dwarven form. You are now currently right here in the center, yeah. He slammed into him as he ran toward him and pushed him back onto the middle platform. At least he didn't fall in. I mean, in theory, it can't seemingly do anything at you from range, so he's waiting for somebody to come to his platform. If you decide to then assault him on the middle platform, there'd be an initiative roll. But right now it doesn't seem to have any means of attacking at range. Okay. So this is your 4th-level? It rolled a four, so it does not succeed. You watch as its intense expression toward the dwarf slackens and it flexes its shoulders and then roils back to the center platform and then looks over toward you with a nod. All right, so your strength, your strength. What's your strength? Yeah, so the three of you make it across fine without any issue. Go ahead and make an acrobatics check for me. I'll let that go for all of them. With a natural 20, seeing this happen and watching them all dart across, you begin to do hand-over-feet, full-on handspring-style leaping over the platforms past the rager. You all make it over to the side platform, meeting up with your mage friend as the magma rager's still sitting there, resting in the center, looking toward you for some sort of an order. (screeching) (impact) He's being dragged and slammed like some horrible, slow-motion yo-yo. You hear it emitting some sort of sound, but it sounds like a heavy bonfire and rocks banging together. So as you step up to the edge of the platform, begin to gnome-dance, the rager-- There's this large elemental covered in armor that's pseudo-getting down with this tiny mage gnome on the edge of the platform as the lava glows from underneath, uplighting him. As you walk away, it slowly stops dancing and goes back to rest in the center of the platform. All righty, that was a unique solution. "Quietly is the key here! Shh!" "Big thing lives ahead!" "Togwaggle beyond. This is big dragon!" "Dragon!" "One dragon. Not too bad for you, right?" As you guys press down through the darkened grade, the heat subsides slightly. You feel the breeze now, this pulsing breeze through the tunnel, rhythmic almost, as you turn into an open cavern, a magnificent natural pocket of geodes and crystals, beautiful blue and green crystals refracting patches of luminous fungus into these faint kaleidoscopes that permeate the entirety of this entryway. There's a visible exit across the chamber and slightly to the left, where you can see in the middle is a glittering mass, piles upon piles of gold coins, punctuated by gems of all colors peeking through this hoard. As you enter and look about, it is more money than any of you have ever seen. There atop this mound, you see lying the gargantuan, curled form of a sleeping red dragon, arms crossed, head resting there, (snoring). It's true. Technically, it's Kobolds & Catacombs. Make a perception check. You do, yeah. 19. Glancing about, you can see that the crystals across the room appear to have been either naturally grown, or some have been placed with some sort of faint, magical light behind them that, when it refracts, it actually acts as a light source within the chamber, almost intentionally so to make the place prettier. Looking throughout this large cluster of coins on the floor, you can see broken bits of furniture and decor, things that have been jammed into there and bent slightly, like vases and sculptures. Various pieces of art that are scattered in this horde. What does catch your eye is there is a beautiful, jagged-looking dagger with a series of red gems across the blade, a chain affixed to its pommel that is currently resting partially jammed underneath one of the hands of the sleeping dragon. Avoiding is different than fleeing. Oh, believe me, part of me thinks it'd be hilarious, too. But distinctive; fleeing is different. If the dragon were to be awakened and engage you, it might be a different deal, but slaying a sleeping creature is no glory. LIAM and Currently, from what you view, no. The rest of the chamber appears to be the home to where this dragon is. You do not see an exit and it seems strange that a dragon of this size would find its way in or out. Looking around with your perception bit, you glance around, and you can see there is a trail of flecks of wax that lead across the left side of the chamber into the exit where it goes. So it looks like whatever has been transporting the mass of candles went that direction. Who's sneaking first? Make a stealth check, please. As you make your way slowly around the edge of the chamber, carefully stepping gingerly on your dwarven toes, with a sudden snort, it shifts slightly. As it blows hot air from its nostrils, a few coins glitter and come to rest. Stillness. Your breath is held. Slowly you exhale as it does not appear to have disturbed the dragon. You slowly make your way the rest of the way across the chamber and you're now standing at the archway for the tunnel that extends beyond to the next area. Who's next? Okay, make a stealth check. What'd you roll? 13, okay. As you slowly make your way through, there's a slight shift to the dragon's neck position as it turns (snorting). One eye slightly opens and you watch as the interior secondary lid flicks a little bit and a voice, (grunting). And it instinctually lobs out a jet of flame in your direction. I need you to make a dexterity saving throw, please. You take 38 points of fire damage. Which it takes those off first. Yes. So the dragon, after snorting haphazardly in a brief moment of being roused from its slumber, its dream, it goes back to sleep as the jet of flame subsides. You look over and see this, what once was a tightly- and well-placed-together bun, is now a singed mat of scraggled gnome hair as the mage stands there, covered in soot, little bits of fire burning off the edge of the cloak-robe. You catch up with Bundle as he goes ahead and heals. Go ahead and roll for that. All right, who's next? Make a stealth check. All right. As you follow suit behind your gnomish friend, clank clank, a couple of footfalls hit and you hear how loud it is. You stop. (snorting) Heck yeah, it's totally sleeping. Two more steps. Clang, clang, clang! (snorting) You hold still. Okay, it's fine. Two more steps. Clang, shink! Your foot hits a small pot on the ground, which breaks and shatters at the impact of your armored foot. (grunting and whooshing) Make a dexterity saving throw. Okay. 35 points of fire damage. As this gout of fire slams into and burns all of your flesh, it takes all personal strength to not scream out in pain as the flames subside. You're like, (gasping). Are you still holding the rope that connects? Yeah, the rope is burned off now. Reeks, while still bound, doesn't have a tether. And so the three of you are across now. It's just the two of you and Reeksus. It looks like most of it is either a small, maybe eight- to ten-foot-wide walkway with bits of furniture and gold that are pressed over there, and a few small pillars that have nothing resting on them at the moment, and along the curved wall where everyone has been stealthing around. The rest of the chamber is filled by hoard pile and the dragon. Stealth check. Are you talking about Reliable Talent? That's a much higher level skill, unfortunately. So as you approach and grab the base of the dagger, you slowly climb up the coins and get your hand around the hilt. As you tug, it's caught on something. You're like, no, I don't know if this is worth it. You pull again. It's caught on something. Eventually, it comes free. Whew. You glance up and watch as this large, yellow eye is looking right down at you as a deep voice begins to vibrate the ground. The coins jangle at the sheer bass of its intensity. "Might I ask what "you're doing?" "Well, allow me to help you." The arms suddenly reach out and grab as it lifts its torso back. Its head retracts as it inhales. Okay, so you're using Power Word Shield on her? Go ahead and roll up for that. You guys are over there. What are you doing? What are you guys doing? This large dragon is now rearing back. What are you doing? I need everyone to roll initiative. All right so, initiative everyone. 25 to 20? Yeah, you do. Roll initiative. Four plus--? What's your initiative modifier there? What did you get Bundle? Ooh. So, top of the round is you. Quazirat. Are you running to meet up with the rest of the party? It's a small tunnel that everyone else is standing at. Nope! 25 hits. 16 points of damage as you strike, arching your Adventurefury Blessed Blade of the Thrill Seeker across the chest of the red dragon. It scrapes through and you see a little trickle of blood begin to spill from the little bit of scales that you carved through. It's still inhaling and seems to not even notice your presence. All right, that ends your turn. Greldamine. Okay, so you're retreating into the hallway and hiding? You run deeper into the hallway. Are you trying to make a hide action? Make a stealth check. So you disappear into the (screaming), into the cavern. Okay, you feel like you're pretty stealthed. All right, Lohkor. Go for it. That hits. Does not hit. So you don't dump the second one, once you hit you Divine Smite. So you didn't lose any spells. Nice. So as you run forward slam! Your hammer hits right near the wound that was left by your Draenei friend. As it impacts, there's a flash of radiant energy and you watch as the wound opens up ever so slightly more. The dragon's still (inhales). Your second strike, you go to swing at it and it hits the scales and the impact causes your entire body to shake from the sheer force of its armor against your impact. No effect. That ends your turn? All right. The dragon rears back and releases an entire burst of fire breath towards all of you except for you. You're just out of range because you ran. Everyone else, make a dexterity saving throw, please. Okay. You take 24 points of fire damage. You failed on the save, but you still take half because of your evasion so you also take 24 points of fire damage. Dude, dwarves have frost resistance in Warcraft, I'm sorry. What did you roll on your-- Okay. So you take 48 points of fire damage. You watch as both of them fall to the ground unconscious-- With your time traveling, as minor as it may be, when you're facing death in the face here and you don't see much of a chance of victory at this point-- That ends the dragon's turn. Aerwin, it's your turn. (laughs) You have two allies currently on the ground. One that's right next to you which is your big friend and-- You can try to grab and drag them if you want to. Okay. You grab them by the scruff of the neck and begin pulling them across the way towards the direction of where they are. The flames as they pour through barely miss and begin to catch fire. You're now inside an old mine shaft and the archways have wooden supports in the mine shaft that are starting to catch fire. So you're dragging him through. You get him right to the edge of the cavern using your movement and action pulling him over there. The dragon's going to take one swipe at you as an attack of opportunity. Oh that is a 13. What's your armor class? One big swipe barely misses you overhead and you hear the wind over top as you barely duck below, drag him through the coin and get him to the edge of the cavern. That's the end of your turn. That's going to bring us to Bundle! Make a death saving throw please. All right, cool. You're up. Okay. So you rush out, the dragon's going to take a swipe at you as an attack of opportunity. Actually, he already used a reaction on her, yeah, so he cannot. So you go running, you get up to Bundle's body, drag him the rest of the way so now you have both their bodies at the edge of the cavern entrance, the flames starting to curl in this area. You put a healing potion-- What healing potion is it? Okay. 4d4 plus four you heal. Quazirat, that's the end of your turn. All right. That brings us to-- unless there's anything else you want to do. Okay, sorry, didn't mean to cut you off there, sorry. All right, that brings us to Greldamine? It's your turn. The rest of your allies come in, two of them being dragged in, burned and unconscious. One of them slowly comes to consciousness as the potion is applied and the dragon is in the room behind roaring now. The whole chamber shakes and quakes and you watch as bits of rock begin to fall in the mine shaft that you're in. What are you doing? All of your allies haven't quite caught up to you, they're about ten feet away from you, but they're coming into the tunnel that you're in. Yes. Correct. Whichever, as long as somebody rolls, it's fine. You go rushing back down the tunnel. (yelling) That brings us to your turn, Lohkor. You come to consciousness coughing from the vial of healing potion. Half of your movement to get up. Then you do the rest of your movement and then dash. You go screaming past your gnome friend. You haven't seen a person in plate move so quickly. That ends your turn. It is now the dragon's turn. To your luck, the breath weapon does not regenerate. The dragon is going to take swipes at each of you. That's a 24 versus you. Okay. And then against you. That's a 15. As both claws strike out to slam into both of you down on the ground, you manage to dive out of the way. You feel the impact behind you. You almost don't get to your feet as you catch. You turn around, though, and you see the arms and legs splayed underneath the dragon claws of your Draenei friend, Quazirat. That is 15 points of slashing damage. There's no room in here to do a tail attack, unfortunately. So it can't make that. That ends the dragon's turn. Your turn, Jennifer. All your friends are running out that way. The dragon seemingly can't get into this size of the chamber. You go bolting out there. You're holding the dagger like, "Yay!" (yelling) You go running and you catch up to the rest of them. You're bolting past the mage. Full on double dash. You go past your paladin friend. That ends your turn. That brings us to Bundle. You go bolting, dwarven legs catching up to the rest of them. That brings us to the top. Quazirat? Make a wisdom saving throw. Exactly? What's the DC on the sword? So you succeed! You resist the magical influence of the YOLO that's thrown upon you by Adventure-- Adventurefury. Blessed Blade of the Thrill Seeker. I believe he's wielding an adventure sword. As you guys are bolting behind, rushing as fast as you can, you hear the rumbling and the roar of the dragon and the heavy inhale once more. As the head begins to push its way into the cavern behind you, the impact, the cavern shaking, you two who are running the fastest notice before anyone else does, the ground gives out beneath you. You both go into a freefall as the strength of the ground dissipates beneath your form. The rest of you see this happen just as you reach the edge and you watch as the tunnel is falling and collapsing beneath you as you all begin to tumble down into darkness. Right as that gout of fire is released, you watch above you as you spin into shadow, the flames completely engulf the cavern where you once were. Strangely, the collapse saved you! As you plummet down, whack! I need everyone to make an acrobatics check to see if you can manage to lessen the impact of the fall. You take four points of bludgeoning damage. Four points of bludgeoning damage. Four points of bludgeoning damage. Four points of bludgeoning damage. Four points of bludgeoning damage. You guys all managed to lessen the impact of the fall. He is nowhere to be seen. Who knows what his fate was. Probably very toasty. Yeah! Go for it. By the way, you now have that. You guys glance around the space you're in. As you guys are having this conversation, you look around. What faint bit of light you carry with your torch light or the Light spell to look around at the space around. You seem to have slipped down into a small crevasse that is partially broken open. You're hidden in this small, collapsed portion where a lot of it is filled with the loose rock. Beyond it, you can see a flickering, orange glow. As you approach and glance up the side, make a perception check, whoever is at the front of that. As you come inside, you see a circular chamber. More hexagonal, I guess. Stone-built, constructed. Most everything else here has been natural. This has some cavernous feel, but has some structure to it. This entire chamber is filled with knickknacks, gold pieces, random boxes, collected odds and ends, and mounds of wax ending in numerous lit candles. The entire chamber hundreds of lit candles. The most romantic of chambers you've seen. Large, small. This is the mass of where candle storage is for this subterranean cavern network. That's all you're able to make out from this point. That's a 3rd-level spell. That is-- Not on hit dice, no. Beacon of Hope is for spells and effects that heal you. The hit dice is resting for an extended period of time. As you guys are completing your short rest, a new sound perks your ears as you're resting. You all stop for a moment and listen. It's the sound of a soft violin. Echoey. In the direction of where the candles are being stored. (violin playing) Make a perception check. As you come to the edge and you glance past the first few rows of wax and candle mounds, you can see in the distance a number of piles of collected unlit candles that line the walls. To the back of this 30-foot diameter chamber, a large lump wax throne stands, crowned with a dozen wide candles all flickering as they wreathe a sitting, larger, more rotund than average kobold, wearing leather armor that cannot seem to contain his bulging belly, now freed from the bursting leather plates around his torso. A white, wild chinstrap beard marks his chin line, as a large metallic crown of cobbled golds, silvers, and iron adorn his head, fused with a tall window lantern that shines brighter than a lantern should. You see shifting movement from within the lantern, like the light source seems to be moving of its own accord, almost alive. A smaller, elderly kobold stands next to this wax throne with a tiny violin, and he's playing music as the kobold king sitting on the throne has his eyes partially closed, listening. You see, through the shadows of the flickering candlelight, amongst the various piles beyond your vision, apparently other kobolds are also in the chamber rummaging around, moving, organizing, placing goods they've received. That's what you see. It's about 25 feet from you. "If you feel confident in your power, then destroy them and siphon their magic. Feed on what "power they've got." "Of course, my darling." "Can you do that?" "Then prove that you're worthy of my gifts." It's a tiny, elderly kobold who's like (squeaky violin music) Make a stealth check as you approach the edge and begin to get to a place where you can-- You feel comfortable enough stepping from the crack in the wall, and then diving below the first row of large, heavy, wax mounds. You ready your crossbow across your forearm, aiming it for the king's soft under throat. As you prepare yourself, the music comes to a halt from the violinist, and the king turns to him. "Thank you. This earthquake has made me ever so nervous." Do you take your shot? You have advantage on your attack, so you get to roll twice. That definitely hits, go ahead and roll damage. It is considered a critical hit because he is unaware. (choking) It reaches up and turns as you release the Fireball into the room. The violinist starts playing again, looks back and barely pulls the bow away and goes, "Oh no!" as the entire room bursts into flame. Go ahead and roll your 8d6 damage. Okay, so 24. Four of the ten kobolds in the room are destroyed as the explosion hits. You hear a bunch of screams in the corner as a number of them are annihilated. As you can see, the throne itself is melting in the wake of it. King Togwaggle. A three does not make it. So that's 26 fire damage to him. And the violinist is ashes. As the flames subside, you watch as there's a kobold shaped skeleton clutching a now burning violin that tumbles into a pile on the ground. At which point, the other kobolds jump out, damaged and burning looking to King Togwaggle as he's sitting there, the edges of his chin beard burning and curled up. He has this giant shovel that he has resting at his side. And he glances up at his crown and goes "Rakanishu, it looks like company we has. And You! No! Take! "Candle!" Slams the shovel onto the ground and stands up. Everyone roll initiative. All righty. Wow, okay. So, 25 to 20, anybody? Oh wow, look at that! All righty. Then 20 to 15? 15 to ten? All right. Greldamine, you're up first. You finished shooting the fireball, they're all now pulling out pickaxes and going (yelling) and they're all turning. They can see you and they can see you and the rest of you, currently now stuck in this hole in the wall right now. You're all locked in this pincered position. They're all about 15 feet from each other. All right! Roll the damage. Togwaggle does make his save this time. 34, all right. So that's 17 points of fire damage to Togwaggle. And the rest of the kobolds (explosion) (screaming). Annihilated. Their pickaxes tumble off and some are stuck into the stonework. Surrounding, beginning to melt wax elements have now melted even further and are now beginning to coat the ground with soft molten wax. The entire chamber is now becoming a sticky wax base. So you're now moving out of the crack of the wall and moving into the chamber? There's a giant, hexagonal, circular chamber, and the small crack in the wall where you guys were hiding. Yes. Except for you, you're actually outside of it and by one of the mounds that is slowly melting in front of you. Okay, so you dart off to one of the mounds. You don't have any action to do a hide check, unfortunately. Using it for cover, hopefully. That ends your turn. Bundle, you're up. Those are technically both actions. It's okay. Guiding Bolt? Okay. Make a ranged spell attack against King Togwaggle. Plus? That'll hit, go ahead and roll damage. Okay, and the next hit against him has advantage. Okay. As a reaction, King Togwaggle's going to go ahead and use Vengeance of Rakanishu. After the Guiding Bolt slams into King Togwaggle, he lifts up his giant shovel in his hand and you watch as the interior of the lantern crown that he has begins to brighten and suddenly your chest bursts into flame. You suffer 14 points of fire damage and you are considered on fire. Until you spend an action to put it out, you're going to take 1d6 fire damage every turn. All righty, so that ends your turn? All right, suddenly you watch across the chamber which you hadn't noticed before, there is a door that slams open and from the inside, from what little of bit you can see it looks like some sort of a latrine or like an open piss pot room. Four kobolds start rushing out into the center of the chamber, their feet getting stuck in the wax, so they'll only be able to move at half their speed so they can't get up to anybody. They take their pickaxes and throw them! So they're going to throw three at you and three at you. Technically you guys would both have a little bit of cover because you're behind those, so I'd give a plus two to your AC for each of you. So the first three against you. That is going to be a 16, what's your armor class? Correct, so with the plus two, it does not hit. The first one is deflected off the armor. Oh, that's going to be a natural 19, so that hits you. You suffer nine points of piercing damage as one pickaxe hits you in the chest, clavicle area, you're like (grunt). The third one's going to throw and that is a 19. So you take seven points piercing damage from a second pickaxe that jams you in like the hip area, it falls out, but the wound's open. The three against you. That's going to be a 15 plus four, that's 19? Plus two, so 19, so it hits you exactly. So you take six points of piercing damage as one pickaxe grazes you across the neck and shoulder. It hurts, you can feel the welt picking up. Second one is going to go ahead and strike you, that is going to be an 11. So, no. That one you dodge out of the way, and a third and final one is going to come for you. That is a natural 20! As you dodge out of the way and come around, there is one that takes both hands (grunt) (whooshing) and as you spin around to hear the scream it hits you right in the forehead. That's a six, that's 12, plus three. You take 15 points of piercing damage as your head is ringing from the impact of the pickaxe. Your vision blurs and doubles for a second as you right yourself and clutch onto the soft wax. You fall into a little bit, and pull yourself out. That's going to end the kobolds' turn, now it's King Togwaggle's turn. King Togwaggle is going to rush forward, currently it's only the three of you visible because nobody's come out of the chamber yet. So he's going to rush forward and get between the two of you and make a shovel strike on each of you. So the first one against you, that's a 27. I rolled a natural 19. You take-- No. That is 15 points of damage, as the shovel hits you upside your head, and then attacking you. That is a 16 plus eight, that's 24. That hits you. That's an eight plus six, that's 14 points of bludgeoning damage. Ending their turn, it now comes to you. You push out and he's right there. You guys are all clustered right on the outside so he's easily within range. Yeah. Yes you can. All right, so. That is an 11. What's your-- So as you step out of the crevice, you summon the radiant energy granted to you from the divine, and you watch as this giant radiant hammer, summoned from the sky, slams down and strikes the top of King Togwaggle's head. The crown goes off to the side for a second and he's like (grunting). He can't make words, his bell is rung. So he's stunned until the end of your next turn. All right, that's your action. You're there and you're up engaged with him. That finishes your turn. All right, you're up, Aerwin. No, he's stunned, and attacks against him have advantage and melee attacks against him I'll double check, I'm pretty sure auto-crit. You do, if you want to use a bonus action. I'll let you do that, sure. Well, it's not a melee weapon attack, I think, unfortunately. Stunned, incapacitated. Yep, so as an incapacitated creature, yeah. Yes. 24 definitely hits. I'm checking to make sure I do this right. Plus a d8, which is doubled because it's an auto-crit, so roll a d8. So using the dagger you mustered from beneath the dragon, you jam it right up into the abdomen of King Togwaggle and while stunned he goes (choking) and you watch as some of his brackish blood (splattering) out of his mouth. He looks hurt, but is very angry. While still stunned in place, his eyes have locked in on you. You can see the bloodshot look behind the whites. He goes, "No. Take. Candle." Is that your turn? He's stunned, he can't even attack her. So you move away from him. All right, so you pull away, pulling the blade out from the wound which now is like (dripping sound). Ending your turn, you're up. They're about ten feet behind him, in the center. Okay. So as an action you can make an attack against each creature that you come adjacent to. You don't get two attacks of part of this, you get one attack against each thing you go across. So you get one attack on him. Yes. That hits, go ahead and roll damage. And I'll say with your movement, moving through you can hit four of the six kobolds. So you're shifting on and you watch as Quazirat suddenly grabs his blade and begins spinning in a circle. You guys have to duck out of the way as he carves into King Togwaggle, carves through a bunch of the wax and begins burning into the center of the chamber and cleaves through, hopefully, four of these kobolds. Yes, you do. Hits. Nope. Three of them hit, one of them is a critical. 18 damage? The first one you cleave the head off. (squeal) That one, the blade bisects him from hip to chest and he stumbles forward to the ground in two pieces. 14. That one the blade stops in his body and he's like (choking) "Why?" (growling) All right. That ends your turn. All right. Greldamine, your turn. Okay, what are you going to do, are you going to grab and pull it off? Okay. If you want to do that roll an athletics check. Sorry, not an athletics, an arcana check to see if you can manage to pull it off. 15. You watch as the crown comes off and is now floating there as you're holding it with the Mage Hand. Okay. So you're holding it in the air and trying to dig a hole in the soft wax? That will end your turn, Bundle, you're up. If you want to put yourself out. At top of the round, you do take three points of fire damage. You spend the round (yelping), putting the fire out on you. You do. It does, yes. And what are you summoning? (laughing) All right. A divine mouse trap. It's beautifully carved, from ivory it looks like. The silver snapping mechanism, it looks like it was of elven make. It has filigree on it. As it appears you hear this chorus go (angelic singing) as it prepares itself. It's advantage on the attack and I think it'll be an auto-crit. You watch as it snaps down and more blood spills out. And you hear the snapping of a bone and one eye closes in pain. He's still standing there and is furiously awaiting his return. The four kobolds see you running by with the crown gliding. They go "No! Rakanishu! Save it!" and they all throw all their pickaxes at you. That is 12? Misses you. First one hits soft wax. Second one is a 24. So you take five points of piercing damage. Make a concentration check. I'm pretty sure Mage Hand is concentration. We'll find out real fast here. No, it's not concentration, it lasts for a minute. Just lasts for a minute. So that one you took the damage. Third one, that's going to be a 17 plus four, that's a 21. So you take another four plus three damage. That's seven points of piercing damage. You fall to the ground and the axe (pinging). There's a little trickle of blood down your forehead as you hit the soft wax, which does soften your blow. It does, one side is now shattered in a spiderweb, as the crown clatters to the ground. As it does the glass of the lantern breaks. All right, that's the end of the kobolds' turn. Your turn. Yes. All right. Whatever the dice was you double. 19, all right. How do you want to do this? (cheering) And as you do, frozen in place you see the neck muscles tensing against the magic, trying desperately to fight his way back and as the hammer swings up, the first hit clanks across the jaw, which you see (crunch) break and go slack. The second strike, as you hit the jaw slams upward. You see teeth shatter from the sheer force of the impact. As the jaw slowly falls slack, both eyes are cross eyed, the forehead is pushed inward, and he gurgles before falling onto his back, onto the ground. Unconscious. And bleeding horribly. All right, that end your turn? All right, at the end of your turn you glance over and you notice the mage is down and you watch the shattered lantern-- suddenly flames are beginning to emerge and swirl. You see all the nearby candle wicks that have been slowly burning away from the heat of the room, the flames are almost being drawn from the candles towards this lantern and this flame that is growing in the center. And you see all the kobolds are now going, "Rakanishu, Rakanishu, Rakanishu." That ends your turn. Aerwin, you're up. You have two outs here, there latrine room, and there is the crack where you were in. You go darting for the latrine room? Okay, so you double dash around, leaping over the body of King Togwaggle, leaping off of the soft wax mound, out of the range of the kobolds that can get a swipe at you. Dart into the open latrine room, and as you dart inside, you see a makeshift royal restroom, complete with a terrible smell you'd expect from a kobold latrine. There is a rickety wooden commode series, three of these nasty looking, supposed to look nice but aren't really nice at all kobold toilets. Even dangerous to sit in, they look like they have shards of wood and nails, jagged up. There is a rushing underground river that vanishes through a far wall. It looks like it's set up with the bars to be almost like a bathing apparatus. You could certainly try. Okay, so you get into the water and you get down into the rushing water. It's a pretty strong current. So you can hold onto one of the rails there, that can hold you in place. Okay, so you're there, keeping low in the water. All right, that brings us then to Quazirat. Okay. So you do that, you rush past, go to heal her. Two of the kobolds that you struck last turn that are in melee range with you swing out with their reactions to take an attack of opportunity. 20? You take five points of piercing damage. Other one. Oh that's a natural one. He swings wide. You rush forward, between the two other kobolds, intending to get to her, heal her, and then continue to run. Which direction? Okay, you go darting towards the latrine. You would. Adventurefury Blessed Blade of the Thrill Seeker calls to you. And this day, glory must be found! YOLO, motherfucker. All righty. You've healed her and then you spin around, blade ready, and you're going to fight these kobolds and whatever that fire thing is that's growing. All right, Greldamine. You come to consciousness and watch as your friend spins around with his giant blade and start laughing in this face of this-- now you notice, swelling elemental entity that is drawing fire from all of the candles in the room and is growing by the moment. Okay, all right. So that's a 20-foot radius. You can hit all the kobolds. All right, so roll 3d6 cold damage. 15. Sorry about that, microphone. And they have to make a constitution? For the kobolds, what is the DC on that one? Your spell DC? No, 16, so that's a failure on the first one. One kobold freezes to death, locked in place as they're frozen solid. That one does succeed. Next one fails with a one and this Rakanishu fails with a six plus-- yeah because it's constitution he doesn't have-- it's a plus four, so that's ten. So you watch, first off, Rakanishu takes double damage for that. Takes 30 points of cold damage being vulnerable to the cold. You watch as the fire entity (freezing sounds). The flames slightly flicker and pull in there, and the ice that's encased around it seems to create this orb or sphere that's holding it in place. The source of the fire that's drawing towards it seems to be temporarily cut off and all but one kobold are all locked by ice. One seems to break forth (growling and snorting) "My candles now!" All right, does that end your turn or do you-- you can still move. Okay. Half your movement to get up from prone because you were unconscious. So you can get about ten to 12 feet. You rush over, you're about maybe ten feet away from it. But you're making your way as best you can! There are dozens of candles. Yeah, I mean they seem softer and you can see clusters of them, but yeah. All right, that ends your turn? That brings us to Bundle. Okay, go ahead and roll an attack on that. 14? Unfortunately, as it goes to snap, it hits the ice that's encased around it and can't seem to break past. No effect. Okay. So you go and run. You can get into the doorway of the latrine to avoid the kobolds that are still in place from getting an attack of opportunity. All right cool, so you get there, that's the end of your turn. The kobolds now are there, only one of them can move. He's going to go ahead and charge after you, who got back up and swing at you. It's going to rush up to you, and swing with its pickaxe. That's going to be a 17 plus four. That's going to be a 21. You take five points of piercing damage. Are you still up? The other two are going to begin throwing their pickaxes. They have a whole cluster of them in their bag, and they're throwing them as best as they can. One of them's going throw at you, and then one more, because one of them died, is going to throw at you. So against you, that's going to be a 14. Against you, that's going to be a 12. You guys are deflecting the pickaxes in the middle of the air. Ending their turn, it is now Rakanishu's turn. All right, so. Beginning of the round, the ice breaks. His movement's still zero, so Rakanishu cannot move, but you're watching as he begins to gather the flames again from the nearby candles. This is a burning fire elemental entity made of pure rage and flame, and this flickering voice goes, "Free! That foolish kobold knew not what he had. I will be the new firelord!" And his mouth opens, and you watch as all the flames begin to pull out. All of the candles in the room are snuffed as the flames are consumed, and the elemental begins to grow bigger and bigger. As it does so, everyone who's still in the room-- which is you, you, and you're at the door, and you-- all suffer one point of fire damage. And then as part of his attack, he's going to use his explode. (roars) And detonates in the chamber, 40-foot radius, so that's all of you. Nope. All of you ignite. No immediate damage, but you're all on fire. At the top of your round, you take 1d6 fire damage until you take an action or something to put the fire out. All right, so that's the end of Rakanishu's turn. It's your turn. Top of your turn, you take six points of fire damage. Misses. You swing, and the flames seem to dodge out of it. You hit air, as it seems to be reforming its body to avoid the blows and then going back into its semi-solid fire form. 23 hits. Searing Smite? Yeah, that's fire damage. That does nothing against a fire elemental. So as the flames consume your hammer and it hits, it devours the fire from the hammer. (laughter) You still do weapon damage on top of it, so roll that. All right. Ten damage there. That ends your turn. That brings us to you, Aerwin. At the top of your round, because you're on fire-- technically, you were low in the water. Because you were low in the water, the flames, when they begin to take form on you and begin to engulf, you duck low and you would have probably been unaffected. Water puts out the flames. All right, so you let go of the pole, you rush back into the chamber. You cannot get quite close enough to hit him with a melee. You could throw the dagger, if you want to, or shoot it. Okay, so bolt in. Release it. Fire with the crossbow. He is, yes, so you get sneak attack. 30? That'll hit. Roll damage. No poison damage. The elemental is immune to poison, unfortunately. It's made of fire; there are no veins for the poison to affect. The dagger slams into the fiery torso, and you see a moment of resistance as the blade carves into the flames, then falls and clatters to the ground below it. It seems like it did some damage. But it doesn't seem to be reacting to the impact. You can dash back into the water, if you want to. So you go back to the water. Holding on there; the water's rushing below you. You can see the water as it's rushing in, it's disappearing into a small opening where the rest of the river is disappearing towards. That ends your turn. That brings us to Bundle. Wait, no. I got the order wrong. Quazirat. Hold onto that roll. That hits. You take four points of fire damage. That misses. 20 hits, and you suffer ten fire damage from hitting him. You now see at the size that it's gotten, hitting it with a melee attack does fire damage to you by proximity. 28, all told. Gotcha. Okay, so as you're slamming into it, the flames are burning your skin, and you're wincing, swinging as hard as you can, a few make purchase into its body, and you can see it carving away. It reacts a bit from the hits, but the giant jack-o-lantern fire grin continues to swell and grow with its physical size. Okay, ending that, now it comes to top of the round. Your turn. There are three of them. Actually, yes. There are three of them, but they're on fire. It didn't distinguish. Everything caught fire in the room, and there are three kobolds going, (pained noises) as they're burning up. Rakanishu don't give a shit. Okay, roll that. 34? Okay. You watch as the three screaming kobolds (screaming, snoring). Smoldering as they sleep on the ground. On fire. Really tired. You're still on fire, right? You took four fire damage at the top of the round. The flames go out as you dive into the water. Bundle, now it's your turn. Sorry. You can still take that attack if you want to. Top of the turn, you still take six points of fire damage, as you're burning. 16 points of damage. As the giant divine trap snaps on, you watch as it snaps through one of the arms. The fire arm vanishes, as it seems to sever it at the shoulder, then it reforms afterward. Okay, so you dart into the latrine. You go into the water. You manage to put the flames out on you, and now you have three of you sitting in there. There's enough room for maybe four of you into this rushing-water area. All right, so you've mostly clustered there. That ends your turn. The kobolds that are sleeping, it's their turn. (laughs) They all quietly expire as they smolder in their sleep. And they are. They are their own candle. Okay, so that finishes their turn. There are no more kobolds in this chamber. Rakanishu is now going to-- Both of you are. He's going to focus on you. He's going to take two fire rakes at you. That is 26 to hit and 25 to hit. You take 18 points of fire damage from the first hit. That's 21 points of fire damage from the second hit. Actually, technically? Sorry, those should be an additional d6, because every round that he consumes fire, he increases the damage he deals, so an additional seven points of fire damage. All right, cool. That brings us to the end of Rakanishu's turn, who is going to begin shifting, using the movement, which gives you guys both an attack of opportunity. Is now moving towards the latrine, where everyone's rushing towards. Both of you guys get attacks of opportunity. Both of you guys-- he's too fast, and both of you swing your weapons and actually hit in the middle of the air, and there's a spark, and you both "Damn it!" at each other. Up to the top. That brings us to Lohkor. Your turn. Go for it. Hits. You take three points of fire damage. 16 misses. It goes wide. All right, so you rush up and you're behind, swinging. One hits, one misses. The heat is intense now, and whatever facial hair you had is now gone. Your hairline is beginning to burn away. The hairs on your head are being singed off by being this close to the beast. All right, that's going to bring us to Aerwin, your turn. All right, roll for an attack. 15? You go to strike, and it barely misses it by a couple of inches and fires off into the distant room, unfortunately. He's coming in that direction, yeah. Still inside the latrine? I thought you backed back into it, into the water. You threw it, then went back in. Not necessarily. Sure, I'll let you do that. As you move past him, he does get an attack of opportunity on you. That's going to be a 23 to hit. That is 15 points of fire damage to you as you run past. That ends your turn. Quazirat, you're up. I like Leeron Jenkins. Offshoot bloodline. That hits. Both hit. Okay, 18 and 16. All right. You also suffer nine points of fire damage from the two strikes, the flames beating into your face each time you hit him. All right, is that the end of your turn? Nice. Yeah, it looks like it's taken a beating, but it's not looking super rough. Now, your turn. Greldamine. How many times can you use Second Wind? Sure. All right, so that would technically be a 7th-level Magic Missile, which means you'd shoot nine darts, so 9d4 plus nine. Nine. 30 points of force damage. As you hold the wand out in front of you, full-on anime missile style, nine magic arcane missiles slam into Rakanishu. As the impacts hit, Aluneth, in the back of your mind, goes, "Yes, that's what I'm talking about!" Awesome. And you're going to stay in the water? All right. That's going to end your turn. Bundle, you're up. Spirit Guardians is still up, isn't it, though? Nope. It's mine now. All right, that ends your turn. It is now Rakanishu's turn. The flames continue to swell even larger, and now there is a flaming radius. Fire is now around him. You see all the wax around him is beginning to burn and bubble in the immediate vicinity. He's going to make two fire rake attacks one against you, and one against you. Against you, that is an 18. That hits you, just barely. And against you, that is a 16. All right, it misses you. You, however, suffer 19 points of fire damage. (impact) Falls to the ground, burning in cinders. Still conscious, but hurting. Not conscious, sorry. Still alive. All right, and with that, you watch as Rakanishu begins to move into the chamber, and the presence begins to light the commodes on fire. The wood's beginning to burn. The entire area is now in flames. You do get an attack of opportunity as he moves away from you. That hits. You suffer five points of fire damage. On a reaction, you don't, so you can't do that. Nine points of bludgeoning. All right-- Okay. Natural 20. (groaning) Six points of radiant damage onto Rakanishu. All right, end of the turn, top of your turn, Lohkor, you suffer three points of fire damage from the proximity of the fire aura. All right, your turn. Okay, so four points of fire damage from the first hit. I think he's pretty bright as it is. All righty, got it. That ends your turn? All right, so you rush up to him. All of you are clustered in the commode, which is now in flames all around. Aerwin, your turn. You're now on the other side of the chamber, crossbow out. Go for it. That hits. Roll damage. 21 points of damage. Okay, so it sticks in the back, and you watch the flames, while growing, it's starting to grow thin. The flames are growing more disparate, and the connectivity of all this fire is beginning to look like the mass is lessening. The damage is starting to take a toll on it. Are you going to stay where you are? So you're even further away on the opposite side? Gotcha. All right, cool. That brings us to-- make a death saving throw. All right. Greldemeyer, you're up. Greldamine, sorry. Gwendelmere. All right, go for it. Roll the dice. 7d8. You watch as the flame begins to flicker a bit, then die down to this tiniest little candle flicker on the ground. And there, you see this tiny flame that's wavering lazily. Room is still on fire, and everything around it is awful, but apparently, it was at a point where the Sleep could take effect. Make an investigation check. Yes, you should. You manage to find an armful of soft candles. They're pushed together and mush now. You've got sacks. You quickly start filling sacks. How long does the spell last for Sleep? Okay. You've got to hurry. So you guys all rush into the latrine room, and what are you doing? All right, so you uncork it and pour the water onto the flame. You watch the flame (whoosh). It restores into the full Rakanishu elemental. The room immediately, all the flames brighten once more. What are you guys doing? The rushing river, you mean? Okay. All of you guys dive into the water, letting the water take you like a water slide, one after the other, and you watch as Quazirat turns around with Adventurefury, the Blessed Blade of the Thrill-Seeker in his hand, and knows, "No, this is your fate. This is your glory." And the last thing you see before you all vanish into the water is him scream and run towards the reformed Rakanishu's elemental form. So at this point, darkness takes over. You're being rushed around the current. It's battering you around at a rapid speed. Even those of you with darkvision, things are coming by so fast that you're only seeing things quick enough before it impacts you. I need all of you to make a perception check. If you have darkvision, you make it with advantage. Success. 17? Okay, you all succeed, so you only suffer three points of bludgeoning damage as you guys are being battered around-- oh, you go limp and unconscious. All right, as you're being thrust around inside, the river's carrying you, and you're trying to hold your breath. The air escapes your lungs. You guys all try your best to hold together. You hit another sequence of rock. Using your perception from before, you still only suffer another seven points of bludgeoning amongst you, so seven, seven-- actually, it would be half, so three to each of you. Eventually, after a minute or so, your lungs begin to burn from holding in the air. What's your constitution? What about you? Okay, so your air begins to escape your lungs. You can't hold it anymore and you begin to drown just as a light comes to you. All of a sudden, the thrusting of water stops, and you're all free-floating in water, and you all begin to scavenge around for any sense of what's up, what's down. The light is below you, the glow, and you begin to right yourself and realize that that is actually above. You look up, and it looks to be there's a surface of water. You all begin to swim up-- at least, those of you that are conscious. You're struggling and drowning, and you limply begin to float to the surface. Okay. Make a constitution saving throw. You have a high constitution, so you're able to hold your breath longer. (laughter) Ten? You go unconscious and begin drowning. You're scrambling under the water and go limp and begin to slowly rise up, as well. Two of them begin to rise up in the water. All right, as you guys break the surface, (gasping) you glance around, gasping in the cold air. The blue sky above you is nearly cloudless a welcome sight as you recognize the nearby docks and humble buildings of Lakeshore, where you once left. You apparently were jettisoned to the bottom of Lake Everstill, and you're just around the corner from where you started this venture. Okay, you come to consciousness. She's a little worse for wear. Make a medicine check. No. 24? Glancing over as you begin to cast the spell, you recognize the signs that she is not-- Okay, I'll allow that. For the purposes of this, you reach over, and from the cold shackles of death, the spirit of Aerwin, who went on to greet the goddess Elune, is pulled back into her form as she gasps for breath back at the surface and begins to paddle. The four of you slowly scramble and make your way towards the shores of Lake Everstill. Waterlogged and down one ally, you make your way, beaten and bruised. So you have two satchels of no-longer-soft candles, and you make your way inside Lakeshore Inn, which has another patron now, so business is booming. You see as Wental turns around as you enter and goes, "My goodness, "friends! You've returned! Oh, and a little worse for wear, but where's your friend with the "beard?" "I'm terribly sorry, but food can be prepared. That's a shame. But did you get my "candles?" As you dump out a solid rock of wax onto the wooden table, he glances down. "Let me go make some breakfast." As he shell-shockedly makes his way towards the kitchen, you all sit down, pull the wooden chairs out, slap down on the table, water still dripping from your armor and clothes. You sit there, grab whatever half-drunk tankards you left as you exited, finish them off, make eye contact, and think, "Man, can it really be worse up on Argus right about now?" And that's where we'll close today's game. (cheering) Thank you guys so much for playing. Thank you, Jen, for coming and joining us.