Yeah? (sad bear huffing) (disappointed bear huffing) (excited bear growl) (sniffing) We knew that was going down. (sad bear growl) I'm going to try and sniff where those treats are. Five. That's a failure. (frustrated bear growling) I adjust my armor, cross my bear arms and go Yeah. It's been about six months if I recall. I'm not supposed to leave. I'm watching the place for Mom while they're gone on vacation. I think about it every night. I'm sorry, what depot? Oh, honey depot. Right, right. Yeah, no, I got that on the first time through. Appreciate the clarification. You promise you'll have someone reputable watch over the castle? Can I meet at least one of them? Get a smell off them? See if I can trust them? Imagination. Do I get a sense that I can trust these bears? That's a success! All right. Tova, I accept your deal. Only problem is I don't know where the rest of the troupe is. We've been scattered over the past half a year. In the Parchwood? All right. (growls) All right, you got a deal, Tova. All right. Thanks. Okay. I'm going to go ahead and check up in my mother's room, in Mama Vex's room and see if she has access to any sort of a satchel or pack that could have some enchantment that could help us carry things along. Borrowing! That's a failure. All right. Shit! I respect that. Could have used that bag of holding. Okay then. Let's see. I'm going to go ahead and go to the armory of Whitestone Castle and see if I can find any rope, chains, weaponry. I'm going to go see if I can get some very tiny, well-made silverware from the kitchen and use it to pick the lock. Success! Rope, chains, any weaponry that might be useful because I know we're going up against ninja bears. Looking for weaponry in a hidden place. All right. That's a failure. I like that. Good for him. Being safe with his firearms. Responsible owner. Especially with children on the way, probably. I guess it's time to assemble the team. I'm going to go ahead and make my way out to the Parchwood and start sniffing for any familiar scents. Find my allies. That's a failure. SAM and Oh, finally. Good to see you too, Las Vegas. You all right, Peddy? I slap him. Success. Pull it together, Peddy. Well, I need you back on it. Friends, compatriots, or whatever the hell you might be, we did some good work a while back, did we not? Well, word came to me not too long ago that there might be another operation that could use our particular skill sets. So as opposed to wandering here in the forest, failing to find honey, gorging on meat, and sleeping until it's nighttime, like an asshole, how about we all get back together for another try at the gains and the glory, huh? No, no. We ain't heisting from the government. We're heisting for the government. They're hoping to get more things from the Tal'Dorei Council to improve our sight and healthcare, but we're a few months off. Because it is indeed golden. Word is, this terrible Bear Acuda-- the people we tussled with back then-- they've taken Fort Lox. They've taken it good, and all the honey that'd been making its way out here to the sweet side of this end of the Lucidian Ocean, it's caught up. That means, whatever you're enjoying? That's going to dry real fast unless someone does something. That's what we're talking about, buddy. Except they did it. If they can do it, we can do it better. Right, Peddy? Tell you what. I know these woods pretty well. Maybe a quarter-mile up the way I know there's a little bit of a patch of bamboo. Used to be part of a de Rolo garden long ago, before it was forgotten. You think that'll help wake you up a little? Walk with me. All of you, walk with me. Let's check in. We all might be a little rusty. See what skills we got in the bag, huh? I'll tell you more along the way, come on. Cheers to that. Who's going first? After he crashed the last wagon, they won't let him back. All right. Trinket this time has been focusing a little more of his downtime to be a-- what's a five? In fact, I've been focusing my skills even further, the same path! Look, my papa-in-law, bless his soul, and Mama Vex has dabbled a bit in that direction. I paid attention. I think it's time that I follow in the family's footsteps, you know? Thief it is. What you got, Vegas? It's a sliding scale, really. Looking fit. I think we could use you at the front. All right. I think we got a pretty good spread here, guys. Not too bad. Yeah, well, it's hard to get it out here. Rots away by the time you get it over the ocean. All right, so here's the deal. The Bear Acuda have taken Fort Lox. It's all under their management, their holding. There's one at the top. One son of a bitch. Hattori Bongo. The Hattori Bongo himself. Thought dead for many years. Out of hiding, takes the fort for himself. Ain't no one standing up to him. That's where we come in. They're looking for assaults, armies, broken at their gates. But five slick-as-shit bears coming in there in the shadows? And a badger. Four-- look. I appreciate you being forward with that and we respect your sensitivity to the matter, and we'll keep that in mind going forward. But seriously, get with the program. We got to get in there, take out, destroy, kill, disseminate, disintegrate, whatever-- these ninja bears get in our way, find this Hattori Bongo, take him out alive or dead; I haven't been given a preference, and if we can free, the honey flows free. And this group of five right here? We get to take a ten percent cut ad infinitum. Ten percent. It might be a little true. LIAM and That's why we got to strike first. We got to strike. That's right. There's a section of the Parchwood right there. It's about a hundred acres of wood. That's a lot of acres. We got to get honey to eat it. Well we can go back to Whitestone. I was trying to find these dewies, right? We haven't left yet. I think we're going to need to stock up. How about you all find your way back on the outskirts of Whitestone castle? Don't want to freak out our guards there. I do indeed. All right, follow me. We all in? Three, two, one-- I like that. All right, come on. I lead them on back to Whitestone, to the outskirts of Whitestone castle. Yes. I'm not taking them through the city. Wait-- You have to understand, even though it's late night here, it's going to be hard for us to infiltrate the city without freaking folks out who think we're a bunch of roving bears. We've got to disguise ourselves. There is one haberdashery inside Whitestone city. We can help blend in with the locals at night time. You know, all the drunken folks who wear hats and throw up on the sides of the road. Noted. Just to blend in, you know. I didn't have one specifically named, but-- I don't know, you're the one who designed most of the city's infrastructure. That's where my speciality comes in. You see, all this time you cats have been wandering the forest and eating whatever you stumble upon-- meat for some of us-- I've been practicing my skills. And I pull out the same bits of silverware that I took from the kitchen. Super tiny. The little things you'd stick on the ends of the corn cob to make it easy to go. All the tiniest bits of silverware that I can get. I'm going to wait until the coast is clear of any of the various guards and see if I can break in through the back of the hat store. I'm going to take 2d6 on this. Both fail. So when we fail, we move a point into criminal, right? I'm going to turn to them and use my Terrify skill as Trinket to spin around drop my silverware and go (roaring). For bear? That's good, because I had accidentally misallocated my points earlier. I'm on the cusp of going feral. Correct, yes. That's a success on bear for the Terrify skill. Hey, muscle. Come get the door. You break that shit down. I'll turn to Liam real fast and say Remember what we talked about at the edge of the forest. I'll flash back when we were at the outskirts of the Parchwood and we were sitting there, pulling cigarettes out of our mouths, like All right, so we want red hats, green hats, brown hats, black hats, specifically wide brims, short brims, long brims, high brims. Whatever type of hat you can get, just grab it. We'll see what all comes out in the wash. All right? Back into the moment. Remember what we said. Cookie. Mighty impressive. Five. It's a cowboy hat. I did. Oh, it's a d8. Let me roll again. Wait, hold on. I rolled the wrong dice. Well, no, I still rolled a-- the number would've been a five, same thing. Oh, I still get a-- I still got a five anyway. So it's the cowboy hat. (laughter) Fits better than my cowboy hat does. Wait, we didn't get any honey. We've got to go to the Slayer's Cake. The point of getting the hats was to hide as people to get the honey because we've got nothing in our stores. Shit, you're right. I can tell that. All right, lead us on, Waffle. You had five bear and you failed? I can certainly try. Best make this a quick in-and-out. They know me-- I don't want to cause any ruckus. All right, who do you want it to be? All right, Waffle. Come on, let's go. As me and Waffle make our way to Whitestone-- (bear grunts) That's helpful. Anything else you want to prepare with? Slim pickings. Mama took it all with her. I'm going to go pick up some more thieves tools from the kitchen. Like a meat tenderizer and a turkey platter. No. Hold it in. Is this how other bears live? This is what happens when all of the Whitestone tax cuts go to the one percent bears. Just pisses me off. You're right; I'm sorry. I trust him. He's never let us down before. Bearman. Steve Bearman. (shushes) Well, they-- (cooing) Vinnie was working with the ninjas. We don't want to get too close to the wedding, because we're not invited. So we're going to stay on the outskirts, looking in until they exit. Yes. I'm going to pocket some bamboo just in case. Just to have it there. I'm going to not take any of the meals as I'm not feeling the honey in the belly at the moment, but I go ahead and pocket some of that-- More than necessary using my thief skill if need be, I don't want to draw any attention. That's a success with a one. For a success, you move over to criminal. Look, this goes well, maybe there's a possibility we can keep working. Maybe under the banner of these people I stay with. They're mostly retired at this point anyway, so we'll talk about it. We'll talk about it at the end. I like working with you, but I got a family. I'm a family man. It's the greatest thing that's ever happened to me. Anyway. (laughter) Let's do it. One paw up. No, it's unfortunate. It's not right at all. Here's my question, young polar bear, tiny-dick friends. Chief. Chief, what are you hoping to accomplish with these signatures? Who's going to see these and what's it going to change, is my question. Oh. I'm not going to lie, I've traveled with these gentlemen for some time, and you won't find a better group of betas out here this side of Tal'Dorei. But don't hammer any dicks. What if a dick is hammered on its own? That's really unfortunate. I'm feeling for your plight the more we have this conversation. To be fair, Peddy, from what I've heard, some of your people have had a hard time with keeping their dicks up for a while too, right? I'm sorry, I don't want to-- anyway. Peddy, you got this? Careful! Hey, Bryce. All right, Peddy. Good choice. No! Peddy! Yeah, how'd you guys get up here, anyway? There we go, maybe you trade your cart for ours. Okay, okay, okay. Got the microphone, sorry. All right. What you got Las Vegas? Show us. No! No! The point of the game is to not be the one to knock them in there and you can't hammer the dicks. Yeah, the instruction manual on it is pretty terrible. All right, who's on that side? (groans) All right, Peddy, you've got this. Peddy, hold on! I can't bear this tension you're building here! Las Vegas. It's getting a little tense. We respect the materials you brought to this endeavor. No, not underneath the guy! Peddy, come on you can-- (shouting) I'm glad that it could bring all five of us to a very dramatic climax. SAM and Thanks, appreciate that. First bit of feedback-- No, it's good. Ship it. Just the Tap. That'll help for the DLC. (as Pumat Sol) "Well, hello there! My name is Pumat Sol, owner and curator of "The Invulnerable Vagrant, where me and the other Pumats have got everything you need for your "exciting and potentially deadly adventure. Looking for standard wizard stuff? We got that! Trying to "track down that hard-to-find scroll of water breathing? We got that, too!" (as Pumat II) "Actually, we just sold that scroll box." "Or we will have that as soon as I enchant another one! "Respectfully, when it comes to quality products for a reasonable price, no one in Zadash has us "beat! Respectfully. So come on down to The Invulnerable Vagrant, located in the Pentamarket "district in the heart of Zadash! Open during standard business hours and weekends. "The Invulnerable Vagrant when it comes to enchanted curiosities, respectfully, we're the best!" [upbeat synthesizer music] [beep] Guys, you know we're starting, right? All of us together? Yeah. Make sure you guys can vouch for us if need be, since we haven't been inside his facility. All right, Las Vegas. Lead the way. Right. Are we looking at any sort of difficulty as far as weather patterns in the near future? When you planned your wedding? Don't want to deal with any little rain clouds or-- All right, I appreciate that. Maybe it's a French Stewart movie. I don't think he's ever done a movie. Vinnie, my gracious Pooh-- Trinket, we haven't been introduced. You as well. Happy to be part of it. I have a question for you. You wouldn't happen to know or heard of the whereabouts or hopeful safe status of one Kody Yak, would you? No worries, just asking. Thank you. Fair enough. You're generous with your blessings. That's a good question. The Pooh Junior? The tiniest Pooh you've ever seen. Yes, it's a security thing. Can't assume it's a he. Remember, it's progressive times in Tal'Dorei. I haven't seen Christopher Robin yet, so maybe she's spoiled it for me. Quick, Brains, see if you can find a way to cleverly ask if this Hattori Bongo has any fears, weaknesses, anything we should know. All right, you take this. That was good. I had mine removed. It got inflamed when I was in high school. It really is. Vinnie, thank you so much for your time. Maybe the bridesmaid too. We're sorry to bother you when you've reached peak levels of intoxication. We'll leave you to focus on that which matters. Did you say "dis-koala-fied"? Never asked the thief to steal for you? While they're doing this, I'm going to keep an eye out, and see if there's any signs of possible Bear Acuda infiltrating the wedding. Anybody who is masquerading as an attendant or planner for this event that looks a bit mischievous. Does being a person who's good at infiltration give me any bonuses? I'll just roll the dice, I'll roll the dice! I succeed! All right. I think we're okay. I hide it in my beard. Sorry, I'm just remembering that scene from Trading Places, with Dan Aykroyd, eating salmon through his dirty Santa beard. That will never leave me. Anyway, continuing. Pocket salmon. I'm writing that down. It's all right. If worst comes to absolutely worst, I got a plan to light those fireworks. Trust me. Let's case the joint and get our bearings. Sorry. Hey, Las Vegas? If I can try and sneak you up, quietly, how fast do you think you could tear the throat out of this ninja? It has enough claws. Give him something to say "oh, bother" about. I try and sneak him up. Jump on back. He gets on my back and we're quietly going through the shadows. That is a failure. Five and a six on a criminal of four. It's all that heavy Whitestone food. Sorry. It never is. Muscle and carnage! Here's what I'm going to do, I'm going to quickly try and stealth around him. I have one helping of bamboo that I took earlier from that section. I'm going to try and put it right around this guy's face. And turn to Peddy, and try to get him to eat his face off. All right. No, not at all. It's a success! Ew! Oh. Lose criminal, go to bear. I was going to say, yeah, give it to him. That wasn't bad. It was good, it was right around. It was barely there. How'd you figure that out? That's true. Las Vegas! Stay focused. I understand, but this is shitty, outside quality honey. We want the good stuff that's hidden inside. Stay on target. Don't worry about that! I can help you out. I've seen him making a few crazy things. Success. Look, you can't build something unique like this and not give it a name. I suggest Good Tidings. You're the one who built this. Get on, Las Vegas, get on. I'm seeing all this and the urge to tear into this comes into me. I need to get myself up and mentally ready for this, so I scoop down into my pocket and pull out a thing of honey and start devouring it feverishly. Which you got a point back for. (growling) I have honey foam gathering at the corners of my bear mouth. (growling) Not wanting to call too much attention, I go up towards the one that just deflected it and thrust him against the wall and put my arms up there pinning him. I go You're going to die, sucker. And try to get him to piss himself and drop his guard. Success! As he pulls his claw out of the head, I go Told you. I step away. Success means you move to criminal. I lean in. (growling) Take off your clothes. Oh, you will. It's been a rough seven months for these two. The one that he killed? I'm going to take off his ninja clothes and put that on me. To help me with my thieving shit. Sorry, it's just hard to bear all this violence around me. Actually, that's not a bad idea. I'm going to eat one of my honey as well. (muffled) Hop on! Is it the bear formerly known as Kody? I got this, don't worry. I pull out my meat tenderizer thieves' tools. (laughing) And fucking bust the shit out of this, like a thief does. Success. See, a little finesse doesn't hurt. Can you lead us to them? Show me. I think I may have seen some of these before. Fail! I can tell, you've been making the beavers jealous. You might want to clean it off first. I know exactly what that is. That's what my papa in law is now producing. No. Be careful with that. No! Don't point it towards your face. Hey, hand it here. Here's the thing, I've watched papa-in-law do this a bunch. You take one of the small shinies and you put it inside the big long shiny. You pull back and when you let go, boom! It puts a hole in what's right next to you. Kind of, yeah. It makes a lot of hurty-hurt on the thing that's right there. Yeah, a message that will kill it. TALIESIN and Be careful with that. I'm going to go ahead and, seeing as how a dexterous attempt doesn't seem to be working I'm going to slam by bear self into it repeatedly to try and get it to tip over. Success! Good to know. Yeah, I think so. Just in case. I'm going to eat some honey. BRIAN and Pushing it. Give it a shot You were reading it the wrong direction. Gets me every time. If you had failed that, you would've lost it. I've survived every battle I've ever been in. No one can take me down. Trust me, we'll be fine. I don't know what that means. Come on, let's go! Can I take a look at that and pull out some of my more delicate and quiet silverware, and see if I can find a way to break through the lock without being noticed? That's a success with a four. Starting to get them wily ideas about a crazy future. (whines) (cranking, click) We ready for this? Hey, Waffle. You got them fireworks ready? When shit goes belly-up, you throw them in. I'll follow suit. Trust me. If it gets real bad and anyone's hurting, we'll all sidle up and form a bear-rier, to protect them. A bear-ricade. All right. I'm going to have my last jar of honey in preparation. Hold onto that memory. All right. Ready? All right. We do it for the honey. Paws in. Three, two, one-- (boom) I push the door open! (puzzled grunt) Is it sweet? Is it tasty? Yeah. How much will that piece blow up? Is it the color blue? Oh! It's not even blue. Oh my god! What?! We knew you were fit for the task, Taliesin! That's amazing! Hold on! As the second hit hits, and they're all guarding, I'm going to try and use Trinket's thief skills to ninja roll between his defenders and see if I can grab the Balootonium from his grasp. Success! It's okay, don't worry. That's all right! We believe in you! In the Shattered Teeth, far south of the continent of Wildemount. I already grabbed it. However, there are still two ninjas. I'm like Guys, run! I've got this, trust me! I pull out the potion I had found earlier, and I go Who's ready for some celebratory fireworks? I throw it to the back corner of the room, near the ninjas. It's a potion of Fireball, that reads I've run out of passions-- No, it says passions. Roll to cast. Produce a fireball that inflicts d6 damage per caster level to all creatures in a 20-foot radius. Reflex save for half damage. He just went straight to D&D rolls for this one. So I'm holding the Balootonium in one hand and this potion in the other and I go (slow-mo voice) Run! (whooshing) We all just turn and start running as it flies towards the fireworks. Do I have to roll anything? d6 per caster level. How many caster levels does a bear have? All right. Oh no. That's a success. It also put me at full thief. How many caster levels is the potion? I want to roll dice! That is 14 points of fireball damage. As I'm running down the hallway-- Are the fireworks going off? I barely cradle the Balootonium, taking the brunt of it with my body. I auto-success. I stand up and looking at these four guys, the wily glare in my face of one who has completely turned to the side of crime and lawlessness goes I'm sorry friends, but I've got my own plans. And I go running the other way. I'm running, staring at it. I'm just laughing wildly as I'm looking at it. So much power! (evil laugh) See if you can force me to swallow it. (laughing) Honey-boarded! I'm all right! Oh god! I'm okay. Oh my god! Where did it go? The honey's here. I like that way of thinking. I'm also okay with that. Look, we saved the Fort as far as I know. Let's go ahead and clear out what remains of this Bear Acuda, and then return to Tova, let her know that it's been cleared and take in our ten percent benefits for-- Las Vegas, if anybody asks, he sacrificed himself bravely and it had nothing to do with my potion. He was a martyr, and a champion, and I had nothing to do with it. That was amazing! That was so good! Don Fettuccine. The entire rule set. The graphic is now appearing on the screen!