Hi! After 4 PM. Biggest cheer. Sure. I'll allow it. I think it was a drow, too. My first character was less cool. I'd been brought into a Second Edition D&D game in high school. They're like, "Play whatever you want!" I'm like, "I want to be a wizard! I want to be a "Gandalf wizard who uses his sword. How can I do that?" Well, there's this militant wizard kit. Oh, cool, I'll use that! As such, I made a wizard that wasn't as good at magic, and was really terrible with a sword. He didn't last very long. His name was Ameridus Trent, named after the Xanth character, and it was a terrible, terrible character. But! You learn from your mistakes! To this day, he has a special place in my heart, to not make a wizard that uses swords. (laughter) Before it was a show, it was just our home game for a little over two years. I'd been running different campaigns for years, off and on, and Liam O'Brien loved D&D when he was a kid, but hadn't played in many, many years. I'd been threatening all through the time we were working on Resident Evil together, saying, "Hey man, you want to play D&D, let me know." Finally, as part of a birthday celebration, he was like, "All right, go ahead and run a game, we'll bring some people over." That's where we brought Taliesin in, dragged Laura, Travis, and Sam, who had never, ever played before. Most of the players who came in had never played, so we began running a home game from that one-shot, and it turned into a campaign that was ongoing. You were essentially Microsoft Word's Clippy of D&D. It looks like you have a strength bonus right there! Exactly. We played on our own for two years, and then word got around in the industry about a bunch of voice actors playing D&D, and people were like, "That sounds pretty nerdy?" and we were like, "Damn right." Eventually Felicia Day contacted us, through Ashley Johnson, and she was like, "Hey, you guys ever thought about making this into a show?" We're like-- MATT and That sounds like a terrible idea! Yeah! And then, eventually, we were like, well, we'll give it a shot and see if it works out, and we're all here now. That worked out. (cheering) Now we have CG video of Sam shooting a lightning bolt out of his crotch. That's fun. We had a while figuring out how the show would work. We decided we would leave it up there, blemishes and all, all of its awkward stumbling and us messing with the rules. Essentially just our game with cameras available. And it worked. Oh it sucks, my car broke down last weekend. I was supposed to get it fixed. Oh, and I'm rolling initiative. I don't know what's going on! It's crazy! We're all crazy! So awesome! I-- it's seriously-- If I told you how many times we've read the response letters we've gotten from fans, and the heartfelt emails, and breaking down into tears with the idea that people out there are either so touched by our silly little game, or have gone on and made their own home games and sent us pictures of their friends getting together on weekends and playing, and how much it's affected their life and changed their life, that they've created their own worlds. That's really the most I could have ever hoped to create with this show, with all of us. When we say fan art, that includes like, we have a lot of wonderful musicians that write songs and music based on their inspiration from the show. We have wonderful writers that write a lot of really awesome fan fiction, side stories within the world they create on their own. All these people find different crafts and different things that they're good at and find a way to take the inspiration and funnel it that way and create something really cool and unique. We're constantly beside ourselves and don't know how we ever got so lucky to be even remotely involved in this wonderful chaos. You totally went Keyleth. It changes based on the story elements and what's happening but I generally try and foresee possible directions the party may go based on what happened in the last game. I'll consider those paths. Maybe they'll go and-- this one story lead I left them a while back, they'll pursue that in this direction, so I'll flesh out this path and whatever NPC's they may come across, and possible encounters they may circumvent or go head on into, and I'll prepare that from multiple different avenues. I don't flesh it out too crazy because most of that is going to go out the window the moment you play anyway because inevitably players do the most random shit ever and you have no control anymore. I usually break it down in a Word document and I'll have bullet points with major important points of information, like if an NPC knows certain key elements of a conversation they try to draw out, I'll have notes on what they know and what the players could find out if they ask the right questions. It's pretty loose, so I don't feel like I put too much effort to have something never come to light if it doesn't get used, and if it does happen, a lot of the conversation is still improvised and I use those bullet points as points of reference as they emerge. There's a lot of them. Kynan I prepared a little bit. There's a lot of them. I mean, technically-- there's too many to list right now. You caught me off guard with that one! There are a lot of ones that are improvised when they first happened but I then fleshed them out once they were created too so it's hard to remember which ones started that way unless I go through a list to consider it. It's okay, put me on the spot, it's fine. (deep voice) Matthew Mercer will remember this. (laughter) Cows was pretty crazy-- Long story short, they were briefly given a task to help this farming community outside of the main city who had been losing livestock. They had just gone missing, and there had been rumors of some large creature snatching them away in the middle of the night. The party decides to go and infiltrate this cattle field by masquerading as cows through illusion magic, and then try and interrogate the cows for information. (laughter) "Grass." "Pooping." Not a lot going on inside the cow's head. Then suddenly this giant bird, a roc, comes swooping in and snatches one of the players up, thinking it's one of the cows, and takes off into the night. The rest of them, to give chase, have to use a fly spell. Now all of a sudden you have this giant squadron of flying cows coasting over the night sky after this giant bird, and thus the fan art rolled in after the evening, of this wonderful moment. That was definitely a strange curveball. Yeah, there was a whole sequence where they went to the Temple of the Raven Queen to retrieve this artifact and the artifact in the end was trapped. After this big battle with the beholder, everyone was like "Oh, thank god that was cool, let's go see what loot there is." No one checked for traps. Taliesin, scared for Percy, grabs it. Sets it off. Avoids it himself but it hits Laura's character. She fails her saving throw and it kills her, outright. She's just dead, and so they end up trying to resurrect her and they go through the ritual and as part of the ritual, Liam's character, who is her twin brother, basically prays to the Raven Queen in an angry way saying "Take me instead of her," and, unknowing, started this path of joining in a pact with the Raven Queen. None of that was planned! None of this was expected-- and now suddenly this entire character's story is completely changed based on this one improvised character moment, and it's pretty much defined his story. Yeah, this one bad roll that Laura made completely altered the trajectory of this character's story. I think one of his many business in modern-day would probably be a delightful dance club, that-- hell, I'd frequent that dance club. Gilmore's Glorious Dance Floor? Yeah. There it is. (dance music noises) Oh yeah. (Gilmore voice) That's right shake that money maker. Yeah, other than that, he would probably buy out the Men's Warehouse and make it so much more fabulous. (Gilmore voice) Think business suits, everything would be rhinestones and glitter, it would be marvelous. (Gilmore voice) I'm going to like the way you look-- (laughter) Taliesin. For two years. I started way back, before there was time and deserts. In the ancient dark days of 1997. Okay, I was waiting for more. Yeah, so I was in high school, I was invited to be part of a game. I was excited. I made a terrible sword-wielding wizard we talked about. We played for a few months and I realized very quickly that the dungeon master that was running the game was really frustrating and was playing more for his own personal empowerment and power trip type circumstance than trying to tell a good story and a narrative, and so I got frustrated and stopped playing that game and started dungeon mastering my own. That was where my real path of game running started. I've played in many games since, and with many good friends I still talk to and occasionally game with to this day, but that was definitely where it all started. I think a lot of that also stems from communication before you start playing too. Sometimes if the people aren't clear about what kind of game it's going to be when you get into it, you start discovering until it's too late, that everyone had different ideas and expectations of it-- but I think that can be avoided for the most part if that communication actually happens, but it still happens, it's hard to avoid. If you're starting your first game where you haven't played before, it's okay to be nervous, I still am before every game we play, regardless. You learn over time to go ahead and let go and get into the story and have fun. It doesn't mean you have to do crazy voices like we do, or insane people, that's what we do for a living. You find your comfort zone, and if someone is new to your game and they're being a little shy, let them be. Give them opportunities, and try to elevate them, and give them the spotlight occasionally. If you have that one player in your game that usually takes the spotlight and stands up and overshadows the rest, perhaps talk to them and let them calm down a little bit and let somebody else step in and be in that light as well. If you're just starting, definitely take the time to build a character personality that you would be comfortable playing for an extended period of time. It could be something that's opposite from you, if you're a meek person, you can try pick someone who is more strong and bombastic in the hopes that maybe that will help pull you out of that shell a little bit. Conversely, you can pick someone who is comfortable first as well, just make sure that when you have a character that you've developed, you have a clear enough idea of how to play it so that when the opportunity arises, you don't feel, for lack of a better term-- Maybe. You lack the drive and the will to step out and make those character moments happen. A lot of D&D is give and take in an improv environment with the other players, and if you have a lot of experienced people around you, it's hard to find a place to jump in. Other people are used to seizing the moment and if you wait too long you'll miss that opportunity. That comes with experience. Don't be afraid to leap out, and take a moment to say something, to shake the story up, and show the rest of the party that you have something to offer beyond just additional damage in the occasional combat circumstance. On that point, and this is my last other note point to make on this. If you do feel there's conflict, there's something in the game that's bothering you as a player, if you play for a few games and it's not clicking or a player is acting in a way that you feel is preventing you from really enjoying the experience, don't be afraid to talk to them about it after the game. I wouldn't say throw down in the middle of the roleplaying game session because it just tends to lead to heightened emotions and conflict, but talk to the dungeon master afterward or talk to that player or both and just be like, "Hey, just wanted to ask, the way this is going I'm not really feeling like it's letting me play my character or the story is really hindering me from enjoying this, is there a way that we can work towards changing or making it better for all of us together?" And most people will be happy to, they just weren't aware that there was a conflict of that type of circumstance. And if they aren't willing to, maybe find another gaming group. Yeah, those are my biggest suggestions. Come on, Wonder Woman. Pick the person. I'm going to get my water. AUDIENCE When I get comfortable enough with the dialect to not embarrass myself in front of all of you, yes. (laughter) And if I do it and it sounds awful it's only because it's a fantasy world where there aren't actually Australians. It's its own unique dialect that might loosely at times sound Australian, but it's my world whatever. (laughter) WONDER I mean, there were things that were happening during that time period parallel to their progression in the story that they could have totally mucked up what eventually became the releasing of Thordak, but that would have been a very very far arc, out of the path they were taking. And they didn't have the necessary magical ability at the time, nor the really clear know-how or knowledge to know to pursue that thread. As far as they knew, Brimscythe was a singular entity and what brief hint they had of the rest of the Chroma Conclave with the other obsidian spheres in his lair, it was more like a "Oh, that's not good. Let's not go there ever again. Slowly step out and let's say that never happened." They had more pressing matters at the time. So, it may have been possible, but it would have been a very very extraneous long shot to discover all the story elements, and even so, the entities that were involved would have probably sneezed and killed them all, like Raishan who was partially responsible for that, would have just turned and gone "(laughs) That's adorable "(acid breath sound)," and they're all dead. Well, first off that was one of the weirdest phone calls I've ever gotten in my life. Dan Casey from Nerdist, three days before it happened, going "Hey Matt, so? You want to come on Monday and "dungeon master for Vin Diesel?" I was like "Haha, what?" (laughter) So I had to condense two hours of story to 25 minutes, no pressure. But at the same time when you have someone on that level of multi international stardom like Vin Diesel, it feels like an 80 to 90 percent chance they're going to be a complete asshole. It's just how it works sometimes. So I was really worried. I was really worried. And he showed up, and we finally got a chance to talk, and we went over the story and his character for about ten, 15 minutes. And he was the coolest, chillest dude ever. He was like "I'm so excited, I haven't played in a while and I hope I do okay. I like the "idea of the character. Okay cool, we can do that. Oh man I'm really excited, thanks for having me "on." He was a very very cool guy. I was super excited. He was a little rusty at first and as you watch the video you see him, he kind of has to get into it. It takes him a few minutes. But as soon as he rolls that first natural 20 he turns into a big eight year old and he's like "Yeah! Critical!" That was when I knew we had him. I was like, "We got this." You were just talking into your wine, weren't you! (laughter) You were talking into your wine! So Marisha, what was the next question? Here, talk into the mic. (laughter) Yes! Yeah, yeah, to answer your question, it was intimidating, but ultimately a lot of fun. WONDER It's hard not to put an element of your personality in every character you play, because they're your character. Each represents a facet of your personality, some that maybe don't get explored as often, or that you don't have the opportunity to. Even in evil campaigns, you can make a terrible character, but is a part of your id that's in that character, you want to play the story because you don't have the opportunity to express these darker elements of your persona, so this is your chance to do so. So it's hard not to put yourself into a character to a certain extent. As far as creating stories and world and NPCs, in the same way, it's hard not to put a little bit of yourself into them. Story is a little more esoteric. I'm fascinated by things that are not like me, things that are different. Especially as a dungeon master where you play so many characters, part of the fun of that, the thrill of that, is being able to express so many different things that are outside of your comfort zone. Perhaps one day. It's one of those things where, when you're developing a world of this size, and it's a lot to develop, a lot of expectation, a lot of eyes on it, I have to find a fine line between revealing information that's already been revealed, and things that are still behind closed doors. There are things that may, and probably shouldn't be revealed, because the party won't know. And if I've learned anything it's that information online, everyone is going to tweet it at my players. I can be like "This is a thing that's happening, but don't tell the players." And then 12 hours later it's like "Hey Liam, look at this thing!" And of course players are going to look, so I purposely keep a lot of things close to my chest because I want it to be a surprise for the players and for the watchers. "Oh my god, I hate that episode, I hate watching @Marisha_Ray's face." Like, she sees that tweet. "Big fan, I love Keyleth, I'm sorry, I didn't mean that!" Dude, it's cool, just don't put me in the tweet. (laughter) I can't tell you all the secrets. I can't tell you all the secrets. Can't. Can't tell you all the secrets. Not happening. I mean, Craven Edge was a fun one. (laughter) Nope. Not my problem. I will say, I'm very open to all sorts of fanfiction, fan art, even racy stuff. We go to Burning Man, we're cool, whatever floats your boat, it's fine. But when you stumble upon extremely graphic sexual fan fiction about the players, not the characters? I'll draw the line there. And you know what? Power to you, I guess, but that, at least, that was a very awkward morning. I think Taliesin read longer than anybody, and he was like, "Oh, god, oh god, I can't stop, why, no, oh!" That was unique. And yet, at the same time, I guess, achievement unlocked? I don't know. The saddest little boop boop. We may have just horribly embarrassed some poor Tumblr writer, I'm so sorry if we did. You're great, we love you and appreciate you, it just caught us off guard. Wasn't expecting that. WONDER Yes? 20 minutes to the game and nothing prepared? AUDIENCE Write down a bunch of names, and just see where it goes. One of the things that'll hold you up for any game, situation wise, is having to create NPC names, in my opinion. And nothing will take the players out of a deep fantasy story, more than being like, "Oh, you encounter? David. The "knight." Or, "Steve, the stable master." You know? Steve's been in a lot of your guys' games, and mine too. Steve gets around the table. The rest of it you can bullshit as much as you want, but having that list of names is so helpful, because can just say, "Oh yeah, you run into a half-orc named--" Purvan, as a singular phrase. That's an actual name, and all the people out there whose name is Purvan, who watch the show, hate all of you now. But I love you, Purvan! WONDER Just to finish up real fast, once you have those names down, the rest of it you can bullshit all you want and make up whatever happens, but that to me has always been what sells a story you're making up or not, is to have those names on the go, for any NPCs they encounter like that. Monsters, you can make up stats on the go if you want, you just see how the dice roll and say, "Yeah, that seems like that should hit." Or, "Oops, that missed!" Or, "You find a crystal that "hums and whispers the phrase 'Golden Girls' over and over again. What does that mean? Let's find "out!" You can make up whatever you want, but the names make it easier. It's a great module, the Happy Days module, highly recommend it. Yeah, it was a cool book called GM's Gems, that has just a bunch of resources for game masters that has a bunch of tips and tricks on NPC creation, world building, magical item development, and a bunch of examples you can pull from that, as well. So if you have 20 minutes, you can go there and be like, Uh, all right, they're in a small bog, and they discover that giant rats have become sentient, and have begun stealing children in the night to mutate them into horned rat gods. Yes! AUDIENCE I mean, I'd love that! That would be awesome! I think, when their licenses involve Minecraft and Batman, our lowly D&D game isn't quite going to call their attention-- yet. One can dream. Between Minecraft and Batman, and the Borderlands, most of our party has worked with some Telltale to some degree, but it's also their interest. If they came to us, and wanted to make one, hell yeah! Hell yeah! I'd be all over that! So what I'm saying is, you all should bombard Telltale to make a Critical Role game, and just let them know that there is interest. No, don't do that. Don't do that. That can come across as a little? That's way too vague. We have no idea; we would love one day to create something like that. We're trying to find ways to expand the media. You don't say. Lovely. WONDER Question, please! AUDIENCE Well Liam can do it a lot better, because he actually does Gollum for the games, but let me see. (Gollum voice) "It came to me. My own. My love. My precious. Gollum! Gollum! We wants it. "Gives it to us, please! No, you're a thief, a liar. No, no, not listening. Not listening! "Murderer! No, go away!" There you go! (cheers) WONDER Pff. I do not need your mic! (laughter) AUDIENCE Man, Raging and Wild Shape is no joke. That is no joke. Dance, monkey! (western intro noise) (McCree voice) It's high noon. (McCree voice )Someone call the undertaker. WONDER Hi! AUDIENCE There's been a lot of player nudity in recent games. It's been a theme recently, I'm like, okay! All right! AUDIENCE There's nothing wrong with it. No, I'm not shaming anything. I just-- It's just a trend that started happening more often recently. I was like, huh all righty. Anyway, your question. No! Why are you yelling at me? I think it's great! I was just acknowledging it! What's your question? AUDIENCE I think it's not so much that everyone's trying to shoot for sad moments, or happy moments, or levity-- we're all performers and we all love story telling and narrative, primarily. That's our career, that's what drew us into it. So while all players and myself enjoy the strategy and the difficulty of battle, that's a very big part of the game for us at the same time it's as important, if not slightly more so, is the narrative and the character interactions for us. Nobody really plans moments, per se, because no one knows what's going to happen, even me. I can't tell you how many games I've prepared sheets and then we only get that far into it, or we skip all this and go right to here. So I don't know what they're going to do either, I think all these moments that you see are part of what makes the show so interesting, for all you guys, and us, is no one knows what's going to happen, and all those moments happen organically. Yeah, that kind of-- for us, the thrill is, for me, knowing what's going to come, dropping it, and seeing how the players react and take it, and in many cases, taking it in directions I don't expect and-- that's really cool for me too. So, I don't think anyone plans specifically-- except for maybe Sam, Sam plays the long con. I know he'll plan moments to happen a ways away and find a way to drop it. So if anyone, he's the one that does plot on his own for a bit, but other than that I think most everyone else is playing pretty much reactionary to whatever is occurring in the game and that's kind of thrilling. Good question. WONDER (airhorn noises) That's amazing, thank you guys so much! WOMAN WITH I get to blow out the imaginary candles. WOMAN WITH (Cartman voice) If I die, will I dream? (normal voice) For all of the South Park fans out there. This is amazing! Thank you so much!